Sponsored by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence    
 Sponsorship 
  Hotel and Travel 
  Registration 

 Programs | AAAI Onsite Childcare 
  AAAI-23 Paper Awards 
  Before You Go 
  Bridge Program 
  Digital Program 
  Diversity and Inclusion 
  EAAI-23 Schedule 
  Exhibits 
  IAAI-23 Schedule 
  Invited Speakers 
  Journal Track Schedule 
  New Faculty Highlights Schedule 
  Program Overview 
  Schedule Overview 
  Senior Member Presentation Schedule 
  Sponsors 
  Technical Program Schedule 
  Tutorial And Lab Forum 
  Venue Map 
  Workshop Program 
  Poster and Demonstrations Schedules | Thursday February 9 Poster Session Schedule 
  Friday February 10 Poster Session Schedule 
  Saturday February 11 Poster Session Schedule 
  Sunday February 12 Poster Session Schedule 
  Demonstrations Schedule 
  Calls | Bridge Program 
  Call for Papers 
  Diversity and Inclusion Activities 
  Demonstration Program 
  Journal Track: Call for Papers 
  New Faculty Highlights: Call for Participation 
  Senior Member Presentation Track 
  Special Track on Safe and Robust AI 
  Special Track on AI for Social Impact 
  Student Abstract and Poster Program 
  Tutorial and Lab Forum 
  IAAI-23 
  EAAI-23 
  Twenty-Eighth AAAI/SIGAI Doctoral Consortium 
  AAAI-23 Undergraduate Consortium 
  Workshop Program 
  Student Programs | AI Job Fair 
  Doctorial Consortium Poster Schedule 
  Doctoral Consortium Schedule 
  Student Abstract Schedule 
  Student Scholar and Volunteer Program 
  AAAI-23 Undergraduate Consortium 
  Organization | AAAI-23 Conference Committee 
  AAAI-23 Program Committee 
  AAAI-23 Senior Program Committee 
  AAAI-23 Area Chairs 

 AAAI-23 Main Technical Track  
 Call for Papers  
 AAAI-23 MAIN TRACK, AI FOR SOCIAL IMPACT TRACK, SAFE AND ROBUST AI TRACK AND NeurIPS-22 FAST TRACK PAPER SUBMISSION SITE 
  AAAI 2023 AUTHOR KIT | (USE OF THE FILES IN THE 2023 KIT IS REQUIRED.) 
  Summary  
 Three technical tracks (Main Track; AI for Social Impact, Safe and Robust AI) 
  Two-phase reviewing: two reviews in Phase 1, additional reviews in Phase 2 for papers that are not rejected in Phase 1. Author response after Phase 2, only for papers that are not rejected in Phase 1. 
  Three kinds of supplementary material may be submitted alongside all papers: (1) technical appendix; (2) multimedia; (3) code and data. Supplementary material deadline is 3 days after the paper submission deadline. 
  Additional pages for references only. 
  All authors must complete a reproducibility checklist, which facilitates replication of the reported research. 
  All authors are expected to be available to review (light load), unless extenuating circumstances apply. 
  NeurIPS-22 Fast Track: rejected papers with *final, average* scores of at least 4.9 may be submitted directly into AAAI-23’s Phase 2 along with, for example, previous reviews and paper ID. 
  The purpose of the AAAI conference series is to promote research in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and foster scientific exchange between researchers, practitioners, scientists, students, and engineers across the entirety of AI and its affiliated disciplines. AAAI-23 is the Thirty-Seventh AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence. The theme of this conference is to create collaborative bridges  within and beyond AI. Like previous AAAI conferences, AAAI-23 will feature technical paper presentations, special tracks, invited speakers, workshops, tutorials, poster sessions, senior member presentations, competitions, and exhibit programs, and two new activities: a Bridge Program and a Lab Program. Many of these activities are tailored to the theme of bridges and all are selected according to the highest standards, with additional programs for students and young researchers.  
 Driven by its disciplinary diversity, AAAI has incubated numerous AI sub-disciplines and conferences and has nurtured for decades the cohesion of AI. New communities often emerge when two or more disciplines come together in order to explore new opportunities and perspectives; today both are plentiful. The purpose of this year’s Bridge Program is to tap into new sources of innovation by cultivating sustained collaboration between two or more communities, directed towards a common goal. Our interpretation of bridge  is broad and encompasses disciplines both within and outside of AI. Hence, the communities that our Bridge Program is intended to bring together could be distinct subfields of AI, such as planning and learning, or different disciplines that contribute to and benefit from AI, such as AI and the humanities.  
 We plan for AAAI-23 to be an in-person conference and are exploring opportunities to complement this with remote participation. Given the volatile situation, however, the exact format of the conference can only be decided at a later stage.  

 Timetable for Authors  
  Note: all deadlines are “anywhere on earth” (UTC-12)  
 July 4, 2022: | AAAI-23 web site open for author registration 
  July 11, 2022: | AAAI-23 web site open for paper submission 
  August 8, 2022: | Abstracts due at 11:59 PM UTC-12 
  August 15, 2022: | Full papers due at 11:59 PM UTC-12 
  August 18, 2022: | Supplementary material and code due by 11:59 PM UTC-12 
  September 16, 2022: | Registration, abstracts and full papers for NeurIPS fast track submissions due by 11:59 PM UTC-12 
  September 21, 2022: | Supplementary material and code for NeurIPS fast track submissions due by 11:59 PM UTC-12 
  September 27, 2022: | Notification of Phase 1 rejections 
  October 20-23, 2022: | Author feedback window 
  November 18, 2022: | Notification of final acceptance or rejection 
  December 1, 2022: | Submission of paper preprints for inclusion in electronic conference materials 
  February 7 – February 14, 2023: | AAAI-23 
  ​  

 Collaborative Bridge Theme  
 Driven by its disciplinary diversity, AAAI has incubated numerous AI sub-disciplines and conferences and has nurtured for decades the cohesion of AI. New communities often emerge when two or more disciplines come together in order to explore new opportunities and perspectives; today both are plentiful. The purpose of this year’s Bridge Program is to tap into new sources of innovation by cultivating sustained collaboration between two or more communities, directed towards a common goal. Our interpretation of bridge is broad and encompasses disciplines both within and outside of AI. Hence, the communities that our Bridge Program is intended to bring together could be distinct subfields of AI, such as planning and learning, or different disciplines that contribute to and benefit from AI, such as AI and the humanities.  
 Topics  
 AAAI-23 welcomes submissions reporting research that advances artificial intelligence, broadly conceived. The conference scope includes machine learning (deep learning, statistical learning, etc), natural language processing, computer vision, data mining, multiagent systems, knowledge representation, human-in-the-loop AI, search, planning, reasoning, robotics and perception, and ethics. In addition to fundamental work focused on any one of these areas we expressly encourage work that cuts across technical areas of AI, (e.g., machine learning and computer vision; computer vision and natural language processing; or machine learning and planning), bridges between AI and a related research area (e.g., neuroscience; cognitive science) or develops AI techniques in the context of important application domains, such as healthcare, sustainability, transportation, and commerce.  
 The set of AAAI-23 keywords is available on the AAAI-23 keywords page  . This author’s guide for choosing the best keywords  describes important considerations in selecting keywords for a paper.  
 Most papers in AAAI-23 will be part of the main track. All main track papers will be reviewed according to the same criteria and via the same process. This conference has two additional tracks, which focus on AI for Social Impact and Safe and Robust AI. Papers in these two tracks will be reviewed according to a different evaluation rubric than papers in the main track. The same reviewing schedule will be followed for all papers.  
 Track on AI for Social Impact   
 As in past years, AAAI-23 will include a Track on AI for Social Impact (AISI). Submissions to this track will be reviewed according to a rubric that emphasizes the fit between the techniques used and a problem of social importance, rather than simply rewarding technical novelty. In particular, reviewers will assess significance of the problem being addressed; the paper’s engagement with previous literature on the application problem (whether in the AI literature or elsewhere); both novelty of and justification for the proposed AI-based approach; quality of evaluation; facilitation of follow-up work; and overall scope and promise for social impact. Further details are available at the AISI page  .  
 Authors should think carefully about which track is most appropriate for their work. For example, a paper that emphasizes methodological contributions and makes weak connections to a social impact application may stand more chance of acceptance in the main technical track.  
 Track on Safe and Robust AI   
 This year we are introducing a new special track on AI systems that are safe and robust. AI is increasingly being deployed throughout society. To ensure that this technology is trustworthy, it needs to be robust to disturbance, failure and novel circumstances. Furthermore, the technology needs to offer assurance that it will reasonably avoid unsafe, irrecoverable situations. Submissions to this track will be reviewed according to a rubric that emphasizes the fit between the driving requirements of safety and robustness for AI systems and the methods and formalisms presented. Further details are available at the SRAI page  .  
 Authors should think carefully about which track is most appropriate for their work. For example, a paper that emphasizes methodological contributions and makes weak connections to a social impact application or weak connections to problems fundamental to safety and robustness may stand more chance of acceptance in the main technical track.  
 Review Criteria   
 AAAI is a highly selective conference. Prospective authors are therefore strongly encouraged to submit only their very best work to AAAI.  
 All submissions will be rigorously evaluated by expert reviewers to assess whether the contributions of the paper are substantive enough to warrant publication in AAAI.  
 The contributions may be theoretical, methodological, algorithmic, empirical, or integrative (connecting ideas and methods across disparate subfields of AI), or critical (e.g., principled analyses and arguments that draw attention to fundamentally wrong choice of goals, assumptions, or approaches). Evaluation of submissions to the AI for Social Impact track should emphasize demonstrated or potential impact of the research in addressing pressing societal challenges, e.g., health, food, environment, education, governance, among others. Evaluation of submissions to the Safe and Robust AI track should demonstrate focussed, tangible progress towards AI systems that are safe and robust, either at the theoretical and practical level.  
 All submissions will be evaluated and scored for the significance and novelty of the contributions (research problems or questions addressed, methods, experiments, analyses), theoretical and/or empirical soundness of the claims, their relevance to the AAAI community, and clarity of exposition.  
 Additional considerations include adherence to responsible research practices (e.g., with respect to human subject studies, use of sensitive data, as well as data and algorithmic bias), and of steps to ensure reproducibility of research results (e.g., by providing detailed proofs, documenting experiments, sharing data, and sharing code).  
 Solid, technical papers that explore new territory or point out new directions for research, or introduce new problems, address research questions, or introduce methods that are of interest beyond a single sub-area of AI are preferred to papers that advance the state of the art, but only incrementally, or only within a narrow sub-area of AI.  
 Detailed instructions   
 More specific details are on the following pages (available soon):  
 Submission instructions 
  Keywords 
  Supplementary material 
  Review process 
  AI for Social Impact Track 
  NeurIPS Fast Track 
  Safe and Robust AI Track 
  Paper modification guidelines 
  Paper publication and conference attendance 
  Affiliated events 
  Questions and Suggestions  
 Please send queries about conference registration to aaai23@aaai.org   . Please direct inquiries about the submission process and the technical program to workflowchairs23@aaai.zendesk.com   and pcchairs23@aaai.zendesk.com   respectively. Other general inquiries to the AAAI-23 General and Program Cochairs can be directed to aaai23chairs@aaai.org   .   
 AAAI-23 Conference Organizers  
 General Chair   
 Brian Williams (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA)  
 Associate General Chair   
 Sara Bernardini (Royal Holloway, University of London, UK)  
 Program Co-chairs   
 Yiling Chen (Harvard University, USA)  
  Jennifer Neville (Microsoft Research and Purdue University, USA)  
 Associate Program Co-chairs   
 Michael Bowling (University of Alberta, Canada)  
  Kai-Wei Chang (University of California, Los Angeles, USA)  
  Daniel Lowd (University of Oregon, USA)  
  Balaraman Ravindran (Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, India)  
 Workflow Co-chairs   
 Sungkweon Hong, (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA)  
  Liunian Harold Li, (University of California Los Angeles, USA)  
  Ying-Chun Lin, (Purdue University, USA)  
  John Martin, (University of Alberta, Canada)  
  Jieyu Zhao, (University of Maryland, College Park, USA)  
 Reproducibility Chair   
 Edward Raff, (Booz Allen Hamilton, USA)  
 IAAI-23 Conference Cochairs   
 Karen Haigh (Consultant, USA)  
  Alex Wong (University of Waterloo, Canada)  
  YuHao Chen (University of Waterloo, Canada)  
 EAAI-23 Symposium Cochairs   
 Marion Neumann (Washington University in St. Louis, USA)  
  Pat Virtue (Carnegie Mellon University, USA)  
  Michael Guerzhoy (University of Toronto, Canada)  

 This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. Copyright  © 1995–2023 AAAI