Sponsored by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence    
 Sponsorship 
  Hotel and Travel 
  Registration 

 Programs | AAAI Onsite Childcare 
  AAAI-23 Paper Awards 
  Before You Go 
  Bridge Program 
  Digital Program 
  Diversity and Inclusion 
  EAAI-23 Schedule 
  Exhibits 
  IAAI-23 Schedule 
  Invited Speakers 
  Journal Track Schedule 
  New Faculty Highlights Schedule 
  Program Overview 
  Schedule Overview 
  Senior Member Presentation Schedule 
  Sponsors 
  Technical Program Schedule 
  Tutorial And Lab Forum 
  Venue Map 
  Workshop Program 
  Poster and Demonstrations Schedules | Thursday February 9 Poster Session Schedule 
  Friday February 10 Poster Session Schedule 
  Saturday February 11 Poster Session Schedule 
  Sunday February 12 Poster Session Schedule 
  Demonstrations Schedule 
  Calls | Bridge Program 
  Call for Papers 
  Diversity and Inclusion Activities 
  Demonstration Program 
  Journal Track: Call for Papers 
  New Faculty Highlights: Call for Participation 
  Senior Member Presentation Track 
  Special Track on Safe and Robust AI 
  Special Track on AI for Social Impact 
  Student Abstract and Poster Program 
  Tutorial and Lab Forum 
  IAAI-23 
  EAAI-23 
  Twenty-Eighth AAAI/SIGAI Doctoral Consortium 
  AAAI-23 Undergraduate Consortium 
  Workshop Program 
  Student Programs | AI Job Fair 
  Doctorial Consortium Poster Schedule 
  Doctoral Consortium Schedule 
  Student Abstract Schedule 
  Student Scholar and Volunteer Program 
  AAAI-23 Undergraduate Consortium 
  Organization | AAAI-23 Conference Committee 
  AAAI-23 Program Committee 
  AAAI-23 Senior Program Committee 
  AAAI-23 Area Chairs 

 AAAI-23 has concluded and is no longer accepting submissions.  

 Go to the AAAI-24 Website    

  Welcome to the AAAI 23 conference!  
 This year we welcome you to interact in person, online and remotely. In addition to in person events, registered attendees can participate at your convenience through prerecorded talk presentations and online forums.  
    For those arriving in person, please look for the main entrance to the South Building from Mount Vernon Place. If you are connecting from the Marriott Marquis, please see our Know Before You Go  page for detailed instructions.  
 For those who can’t be with us in person, you can participate in live talks remotely with your questions, or to deliver your talk. To access the conference content, go here for:  Technical Program; Bridges  , Tutorial and Lab Forum  ; and Workshops Program  (Access is specific to your registration type).  
 We are also providing you with an attendee planner, which you can use to help you organize your itinerary of activities, from which talks to attend in person or remotely, to selecting the best coffee house to meet up with your friends, during your free time. To access the attendee planner, go here. https://aaai-2023.takemobi.io   
 The Mobi conference planner will help you plan for interesting sessions, plan coffee breaks with friends, and help rearrange your travel if needed. To arrange your sessions, Mobi’s planner can help you search for interesting topics and talks by friends, come up with a schedule, and suggest options to fill in the gaps.  
  The purpose of the AAAI conference series  is to promote research in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and foster scientific exchange between researchers, practitioners, scientists, students, and engineers across the entirety of AI and its affiliated disciplines. AAAI-23 is the Thirty-Seventh AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence. The theme of this conference is to create collaborative bridges within and beyond AI. Like previous AAAI conferences, AAAI-23 will feature technical paper presentations, special tracks, invited speakers, workshops, tutorials, poster sessions, senior member presentations, competitions, and exhibit programs, and two new activities: a Bridge Program and a Lab Program. Many of these activities are tailored to the theme of bridges and all are selected according to the highest standards, with additional programs for students and young researchers.  
 Collaborative Bridge Theme  Driven by its disciplinary diversity, AAAI has incubated numerous AI sub-disciplines and conferences and has nurtured for decades the cohesion of AI. New communities often emerge when two or more disciplines come together in order to explore new opportunities and perspectives; today both are plentiful. The purpose of this year’s Bridge Program is to tap into new sources of innovation by cultivating sustained collaboration between two or more communities, directed towards a common goal. Our interpretation of bridge is broad and encompasses disciplines both within and outside of AI. Hence, the communities that our Bridge Program is intended to bring together could be distinct subfields of AI, such as planning and learning, or different disciplines that contribute to and benefit from AI, such as AI and the humanities. Follow this link for some of the ways that you can participate in this year’s Bridge theme.   
 We plan for AAAI-23 to be an in-person conference and are exploring opportunities to complement this with remote participation. Given the volatile situation, however, the exact format of the conference can only be decided at a later stage.  
 AAAI Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events | For inquiries about the code of conduct, please contact aaaiethics@aaai.org 
   For general inquiries about the AAAI-23 program, please write to aaai23@aaai.org  .  
  General Chair:  Brian Williams (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA)  
 Associate General Chair:  Sara Bernardini (Royal Holloway University of London, UK)  
 Program Cochairs:  Yiling Chen (Harvard University, USA) Jennifer Neville (Purdue University and Microsoft, USA)  

   Tejasri(fsmi.social/tejasri19)  @tejasri19  ·    

 Our work on Drought-stress monitoring in Maize using drone captured time-series multispectral data has been published in 2023 AAAI Workshop for Agriculture and Food Systems.  
   
  https://openreview.net/pdf?id=6U08SGo64_  
   
  @RealAAAI #AAAI23 #AAAI #AI #ArtificialIntelligence  
  #AI4Agriculture  

   Giacomo [ˈd͡ʒaːkomo] Bergami, PhD  @gyankos  ·    

 The #poster for the #AAAI23 Spring Symposium #SSS23 is ready! #ltlf #knobab #logic #rdbms  

   Yasutoshi Ida  @yasutoshi_ida  ·    

 The preprint of our #AAAI23 paper "Fast Regularized Discrete Optimal Transport with Group-Sparse Regularizers" is now available. #AAAI2023  
   
  Preprint: https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.07597  

   shuangshuang shi  @shuangshuangs20  ·    

 #aaai23  
  test hashtag  
  😁😄😃😉😙  

   Max Springer  @maxspringer23  ·    

 Happy to share the preprint of our paper "Optimal Sparse Recovery with Decision Stumps" that was presented at #AAAI23 last month!  
   
  https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.04301  

   Mo Siala  @siala__  ·    

 If you are dealing with fairness in predictive decision making, this thread is for you #AAAI23 @RealAAAI  

 Diamond Sponsors    

 Platinum Sponsors    

 Gold Sponsors    

 Silver Sponsors    

 Bronze Sponsors    

 This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. Copyright  © 1995–2023 AAAI