Conferences    Journals    Workshops    Seminars     

  Conferences    Journals    Workshops    Seminars    Symposiums    Meetings     
  Conference Raking    Journal Ranking    Impact Score    Blog     
 LaTeX   5G Tutorial    

  IMPACT SCORE    JOURNAL RANKING    CONFERENCE RANKING    Conferences    Journals    Workshops    Seminars    SYMPOSIUMS    MEETINGS    BLOG   LaTeX   5G Tutorial   Free Tools     

   Conferences by Month  January   February   March   April   May   June   July   August   September   October   November   December    

  Overall Journal/Conference Ranking    Top Journals by Publisher  All Journals   IEEE   Elsevier   ACM   UCLA   Springer   Wiley    

  Top Research Scientists    Conferences Ranking     

  Download Templates   
 IEEE Article   Springer   ACM   Elsevier   Wiley   MITPress    

  Quick Links   
 Source Code Beautifier/Highlighter | Syntax Highlighter     
 Installing LaTex in Ubuntu     
 What is Impact Factor? How it is calculated?     
 Tips for writing a good research paper     
 What is H-index?     
 How to install LaTex in Windows     
 Do's and Don'ts of Writing Research Papers     
 Tips for conference presentations     

    Quote!   
 "Research is creating new knowledge." -Neil Armstrong  

  ABZ Ranking and Rating Metrics   
 ABZ: International Conference Abstract State Machines, Alloy, B, TLA, VDM, and Z (Previously International Conference of B and Z Users, ZB, changed in 2008)   
  International Conference Abstract State Machines, Alloy, B, TLA, VDM, and Z (Previously International Conference of B and Z Users, ZB, changed in 2008) (ABZ) conference is ranked/rated C according to the CORE 2018 ranking.  
   
 Conference Rank/Ranking: | C 
  Star rating based on conference ranking: 
  Conference short name: | ABZ 
  Ranking type: | CORE 2018 
   
 About CORE 2018 ranking:  The CORE Conference Ranking is a measure to assess the major conference in the computing field. This ranking is governed by the CORE Executive Committee. There are timely rounds for submission of requests, both for the addition and re-ranking of conferences. The final decision is taken by the academic committees on the basis of data collected during the submission process.  
 According to this ranking, the following are the categories to which the conference are assigned:  
 A* - Assigned to the flagship conference, the one that is the leading in that area of discipline. 
  A - Assigned to the flagship conference, the one that is the leading in that area of discipline. 
  B - Assigned to the good conference, the one that is well regarded in that area of discipline. 
  C - Assigned to the other conference that satisfies minimum standards. 
  Australasian - This ranking is assigned to the conferences for which the audience is mainly New Zealanders and Australians. 
  Unranked - Assigned to the conference for which no ranking decision has been taken. 
  National - Assigned to the conference that runs mainly in a single country, having chairs from the same country, and that is generally not well known. 
  Regional - It is similar to the National one, but might cover regions crossing national boundaries. 
  Source: http://www.core.edu.au/conference-portal  
 Star rating is derived by Resurchify based on the CORE ranking.  

   Back to Conferences     

 Exclusive Launch   
 LaTeX Tutorial   

 Learn LaTeX   
 LaTeX Installation     
 Learn LaTeX in 30 minutes     
 Paragraph formatting     
 Inserting images     
 Page numbering     
 Equations alignment     
 Operators     
 Using Colors     
 Bibliography management     
 Footnotes     
 Hyperlinks     
 Symbols     

  Upcoming Conferences:  
     ALL CONFERENCES    

  About Us  | Contact Us  | Disclaimer  | Privacy Policy  | Terms and Conditions   
   
 © 2024 www.resurchify.com  All Rights Reserved.