Home 
  Programme 
  Accommodation 
  Local Information 
  Student Information 
  Registration 
  Abstracts 
    
 Registration  

 Registration  
 The early bird deadline is 1 November 2024. Registration has now closed.  
 The registration fees (in Australian dollars) are:  
  
 Type | Early Bird | Standard 
 Standard | $440 | $520 
 CMSA life member | $405 | $485 
 Unwaged | $240 | $280 

  The Unwaged registration is for students, retirees and the unemployed. If you are unsure of your eligibility, please contact the organisers ( 46acc@uq.edu.au  ). Further information for students can be found here  .  
 There is a AUD$35 reduction in the price of registration for Life Members of the CMSA (Combinatorial Mathematics Society of Australasia) who are not unwaged. (Unwaged Life Members of the CMSA should choose the Unwaged registration type, which is already heavily discounted.)  
 All registrants for 46ACC receive membership of the CMSA for 2025.  
 Extras  
 One conference dinner ticket is included with registration.  Details about the conference dinner and excursion can be found here  . When you are paying the registration fee (via the link given below), you will also be able to order:  
 extra tickets to the conference dinner (please include dietary requirements for yourself and all guests) 
  tickets to the excursion 
  Note that if you wish to purchase extra tickets to the conference dinner or additional excursion tickets, you also have the option of doing so in a separate transaction, by selecting the option called Extra excursion or dinner tickets only  within the registration/ payment page.  
  
  How to register   
 You can register for the conference at this link to the registration/payment page  .  (Please note: local UQ staff and students should instead contact SMP Finance to register for the conference).  
 Please make sure you choose the correct registration type by clicking on the correct button (Standard, CMSA life member, Unwaged).  
 Abstract submission is done separately. If you would like to give a contributed talk, go to the Abstracts  tab, click on the form, and follow the prompts. Abstracts should be submitted by 15 November 2024.  
  
  Overseas participants  
 All non-Australian citizens travelling to Australia require a visa. If you have a valid New Zealand passport, you can travel to Australia and you will be issued with a Special Category Visa (SCV) onarrival.  
 See the Department of Immigration and Border Protection website for details on visitor visa options  and visa processsing times  . In particular, citizens from some eligible countries can apply online for an eVisitor visa or an Electronic Travel Authority (ETA).  
 Questions?  
 If you have questions or expereince any problems with registration, please contact the organisers at 46acc@uq.edu.au  .