Home 
  Programme 
  Accommodation 
  Local Information 
  Student Information 
  Registration 
  Abstracts 
    
 46th Australasian Combinatorics Conference  
 2nd - 6th December 2024, at The University of Queensland  

 Latest Announcements  
 Registration and abstract submission have now closed. 
  Details of the programme, including the conference schedule and abstracts of invited and contributed talks, can be found | here | . 
  There will be a | welcome reception | 4-6pm on Sunday 1 December. 
  About  
 The Australasian Combinatorics Conference (ACC) is the annual conference of the Combinatorial Mathematics Society of Australasia ( CMSA  ), previously called the Australasian Conference on Combinatorial Mathematics and Combinatorial Computing (ACCMCC), which began in 1972. It covers all areas of combinatorics in mathematics and computer science.  
 The 46th Australasian Combinatorics Conference (46ACC) will be held at The University of Queensland  , December 2-6, 2024. It will be an in-person, face-to-face, conference. The conference program includes invited talks, contributed talks in parallel sessions, conference dinner and presentation of the CMSA Anne Penfold Street Student Prize for the best student talk at the conference, excursion, and CMSA Annual General Meeting.  
 Invited Speakers  
 Alice Devillers | (University of Western Australia) | On partial linear spaces and rank 3 groups 
  Melissa Lee | (Monash University) | Graphs on finite groups 
  Florian Lehner | (University of Auckland) | Groups acting on trees and tree-like graphs 
  Anita Liebenau | (UNSW Sydney) | Ramsey with purple edges 
  Jie Ma | (University of Science and Technology of China) | A hypergraph bipartite Turán problem 
  Sam Mattheus | (Vrije Universiteit Brussel) | Forbidden subgraphs: past, present and future 
  Anita Pasotti | (Università degli Studi di Brescia) | Heffter Spaces 
  David Wood | (Monash University) | The global structure of planar graphs 
  Key Dates  
 Early bird registration deadline: 1 November 2024 
  Deadline for submission of abstracts: 15 November 2024 
  Organising Committee  
 Dr. Sara Davies, A/Prof. Barbara Maenhaut and Prof. Darryn Bryant 
  Email: | 46acc@uq.edu.au 
  Sponsors and support  
 We are grateful for the support from The Institute of Combinatorics and its Applications  and the School of Mathematics and Physics  at UQ. The conference series is overseen by the Combinatorial Mathematics Society of Australasia  .