Home 
  Programme 
  Local information 
  Excursion 
  Student Information 
  Participants 
  Registration 
  Abstract submission 
  Accommodation 
  Search 
  Menu      
   
 45th Australasian Combinatorics Conference   
 11th - 15th December 2023, at The University of Western Australia   

 45ACC  
 About  
 ACC is the annual conference of the Combinatorial Mathematics Society of Australasia (CMSA). It covers all areas of combinatorics in mathematics and computer science. This conference was previously known as ACCMCC (Australasian Conference on Combinatorial Mathematics and Combinatorial Computing), and the name was changed to ACC from 2020 onwards following a recommendation of the CMSA. Past and future editions of ACCMCC/ACC can be found here  . The 45th ACC will be hosted by The University of Western Australia  , Perth, Australia, 11-15 December 2023. It will be an in-person, face-to-face, conference.  
 Invited speakers  
 Sara Davies | (The University of Queensland) | The Hamilton decomposition problem 
  Gary Greaves | (Nanyang Technological University) | How to design a graph with three eigenvalues 
  Krystal Guo | (University of Amsterdam) | Algebraic graph theory and quantum walks 
  André Kündgen | (California State University San Marcos) | The Saturation Spectrum of odd cycles 
  Padraig Ó Catháin | (Dublin City University) | Quadratic forms in design theory 
  Tibor Szabó | (Freie Universität Berlin) | New Ramsey multiplicity bounds and search heuristics 
  Geertrui Van de Voorde | (University of Canterbury) | 'Segre-type' theorems: combinatorial characterisations for algebraic objects 
  Gabriel Verret | (University of Auckland) | Local actions and eigenspaces of vertex-transitive graphs 
  Key dates  
 Early bird registration deadline: 6 November 2023 
  Deadline for submission of abstracts: 27 November 2023 
  Organising committee  
 A/Prof. John Bamberg, Prof. Michael Giudici, Prof. Gordon Royle, Prof. Cheryl Praeger, A/Prof. Alice Devillers, Dr Luke Morgan.  
 Contact  
 45ACCuwa@gmail.com   
 Sponsors and support  
 We are very grateful for the support from the following institutions and organisations:  
 The School of Physics, Mathematics, and Computing 
  Optiver 
  The Institute of Combinatorics and its Applications 

 © 45th Australasian Combinatorics Conference 2024