top of page    

 ACISP 2024   

 Home 
  Programs | Program schedule 
  Keynote speaker 
  Attending | Venue 
  Travel 
  Visa 
  Contact 
  More 

 Use tab to navigate through the menu items.   
  
  Registration     
 Registration     

 The 29th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy   
   
 July 15-17, 2024  
  Sydney, Australia    

 NOVOTEL SYDNEY ON DARLING HARBOUR  
   
  100 MURRAY STREET, DARLING HARBOUR,  
  NSW 2000, AUSTRALIA      

 Important Date    
   
  1st Round Paper Submission Deadline: 6 Nov 2023  
  Notification of Acceptance: 22 January 2024      
 ​   
   
  2nd Round Paper Submission Deadline: 19 Feb 2024       
 Notification of Acceptance: 08 April 2024      
   
 Notification of Acceptance: 14 April 2024       
 ​        
 Camera-ready Copy: 29 April 2024       
 Conference: 15 - 17 July 2024       
 ​        
 Registration Open: 18 April 2024       
 Author registration deadline: 28 May 2024       

 Call for Papers   

 The 29th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP 2024) will be held in University of Technology Sydney. The conference seeks original papers presenting novel research results in all aspects of information security and privacy. We welcome papers presenting theories, techniques, implementations, applications and practical experiences on a variety of topics. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:    
 ​     
 Cryptology, AI Security, Trustworthy AI, Authentication, Access Control, Key management, Security protocols, Privacy enhancing technologies, Privacy attacks and defenses, Blockchain technology, Cryptocurrency, Cloud security, IoT security, Software security, Database security, System security, Network security, Security policy, Digital forensics, Lightweight security, Cyber-physical systems security, Security implementation, etc.     

 Systematization of Knowledge (SoK) Papers   

 This year, we also solicit systematization of knowledge (SoK) papers that evaluate, systematize and contextualize existing knowledge for topics of broad interest to the cybersecurity community. Examples of SoK papers include papers that provide an important new viewpoint on an established, major research area, support or challenge long-held beliefs in such an area with compelling evidence, or provide an extensive and realistic evaluation and comparison of competing approaches to solving specific security problems.    
 SoK papers must include the prefix “SoK:” in the title of the paper and will be reviewed by the full PC. They will be accepted based on their treatment of existing work and value to the community.    

 Instructions for Authors   
   
 ACISP 2024 will have two rounds of submission. Round one will be on 6 Nov 2023. Round two will be on 19 February 2024. The first round will have the results including reject, major revision, and accept. For the major revision, we encourage authors to submit the updated manuscripts to round two. Round two only includes accept and reject.    
  
  All the submissions must be original, unpublished, and not submitted to another conference or journal for consideration of publication. Submissions must be fully anonymous with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgements, or obvious references. Submissions must be written in English and have at most 20 pages including bibliography using Springer's LNCS package with no changes to the style. Papers should be sufficiently intelligible and self-contained without appendices so that PC members can make decisions without reading appendices. Submissions not meeting the submission guidelines risk rejection regardless of their merits.    
  
  The proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag as a volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Accepted papers will be limited to 20 pages (including bibliography and appendices) in LNCS format. Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that at least one of the authors will register and attend the conference and present their paper.    
   
 Papers will be submitted via Easychair at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=acisp24     

 Program commitee   

 General Co-Chairs   
   
 Jie Lu, University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
 Shui Yu, University of Technology Sydney, Australia   

 Program Co-Chairs   
   
 Tianqing Zhu, City University of Macau, Macau   
 Yannan Li, University of Wollongong, Australia   

 Publication Co-Chairs   
   
 Bo Liu, University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
 Angela Huo, University of Technology Sydney, Australia   

 Organisation Chairs   
   
 Dayong Ye, University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
 Sheng Shen, University of Sydney, Australia   

 PC Members   

 Atsushi Takayasu, The University of Tokyo  
  Chris Mitchell, Royal Holloway, University of London  
  Cristina Alcaraz, University of Malaga  
  Damien Vergnaud,  
  Daniel Slamanig, Universität der Bundeswehr München  
  Derek Wang, CSIRO  
  Dongseong Kim, The University of Queensland  
  Dongxi Liu, CSIRO  
  Elizabeth Quaglia, Royal Holloway, University of London  
  Guomin Yang, Singapore Management University  
  Huan Huo, University of Technology Sydney  
  Huaxiong Wang, Nanyang Technological University  
  Hyung Tae Lee, Chung-Ang University  
  Jason Xue, CSIRO's Data61  
  Josef Pieprzyk, CSIRO's Data61  
  Josep Domingo-Ferrer, Universitat Rovira i Virgili  
  Keita Emura, National Institute of Information and Communications Technology  
  Kirill Morozov, University of North Texas  
  Lefeng Zhang, City University of Macau  
  Leonie Simpson, Queensland University of Technology  
  Man Ho Au, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  
  Nasrin Sohrabi, RMIT University  
  NgocKhanh Nguyen, EPFL  
  Partha Roy,  
  Qiang Tang, University of Sydney   

 Qinyi Li, Queensland University of Technology  
  Qiong Huang, South China Agricultural University  
  Reihaneh Safavi-Naini, University of Calgary  
  Rishiraj Bhattacharyya, University of Birmingham  
  Rupeng Yang, University of Wollongong  
  Sheng Shen, The University of Sydney  
  Shengli Liu, Shanghai Jiao Tong University  
  Shi Bai, Florida Atlantic University  
  Shui Yu, University of Technology Sydney  
  Siqi Ma, University of New South Wales  
  Suranga Seneviratne, The University of Sydney  
  Tsz Hon Yuen, The University of Hong Kong  
  Udaya Parampalli, The University of Melbourne  
  Viet Cuong Trinh, Hong Duc University  
  Wei Liu, University of Technology Sydney  
  Xiaofeng Chen, Xidian University  
  Xin Yu, University of Technology Sydney  
  Xingliang Yuan, Monash University  
  Xun Yi, RMIT University  
  Yanhong Xu, University of Calgary  
  Yingjiu Li, University of Oregon  
  Yong Yu, Shaanxi Normal University  
  Youming Qiao, University of Technology Sydney  
  Yudi Zhang,  
  Yulei Sui, University of New South Wales  
  Zuobin Ying, City University of Macau   

 Sponsors   
   
 University of Technology Sydney   

 University of Technology Sydney    
   
 UTS CRICOS Provider Code: 00099F      
 PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia.      

 bottom of page