Home 
  Computer Science 
  Computer Security and Reliability 
  Information Security 
    
 Book  PDF Available  Information Security and Privacy: 28th Australasian Conference, ACISP 2023, Brisbane, QLD, Australia, July 5–7, 2023, Proceedings  
 June 2023 
  Lecture Notes in Computer Science 
    
 DOI: 10.1007/978-3-031-35486-1    
 Publisher: Springer Cham 
  ISBN: 978-3-031-35486-1 

 Authors:   
      
 Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee    
 Queensland University of Technology 

 Leonie Simpson    

 Leonie Simpson    
   
 This person is not on ResearchGate, or hasn't claimed this research yet. 

   Download full-text PDF     Read full-text     

   Download full-text PDF     
   Read full-text     
   Download citation     
   Copy link  Link copied      
         
      Read full-text   
      Download citation   
     Copy link  Link copied    

 References (4)   

 Abstract  
   
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 28th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy, ACISP 2023, held in Brisbane, QLD, Australia, during July 5-7, 2023. The 27 full papers presented were carefully revised and selected from 87 submissions. The papers present and discuss different aspects of symmetric-key cryptography, public-key cryptography, post-quantum cryptography, cryptographic protocols, and system security.   

    Discover the world's research   
 25+ million members 
  160+ million publication pages 
  2.3+ billion citations 
  Join for free     

     Public Full-text 1    

 Content uploaded by Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee    
   
 Author content    
   
 All content in this area was uploaded by Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee on Jan 12, 2024   

 Content may be subject to copyright.   

 Lecture  Notes  in  Computer  Science  13915   
 Founding  Editors   
 Gerhard  Goos   
 Juris  Hartmanis   
 Editorial  Board  Members   
 Elisa  Bertino,  Purdue  University,  W  est  Lafayette,  IN,  USA    
 W  en  Gao,  Peking  University,  Beijing,  China    
 Bernhard  Steffen  , TU  Dortmund  University,  Dortmund,  Germany     
 Moti  Y  ung  , Columbia  University,  New  York,  NY,  USA     

 The  series  Lecture  Notes  in  Computer  Science  (LNCS),  including  its  subseries  Lecture   
 Notes  in  Artiﬁcial  Intelligence  (LNAI)  and  Lecture  Notes  in  Bioinformatics  (LNBI),   
 has  established  itself  as  a  medium  for  the  publication  of  new  developments  in  computer   
 science  and  information  technology  research,  teaching,  and  education.   
 LNCS  enjoys  close  cooperation  with  the  computer  science  R  &  D  community,  the   
 series  counts  many  renowned  academics  among  its  volume  editors  and  paper  authors,  and   
 collaborates  with  prestigious  societies.  Its  mission  is  to  serve  this  international  commu-   
 nity  by  providing  an  inv  aluable  service,  mainly  focused  on  the  publication  of  conference   
 and  workshop  proceedings  and  postproceedings.  LNCS  commenced  publication  in  1973.   

 Leonie  Simpson  ·  Mir  Ali  Rezazadeh  Baee   
 Editors   
 Information  Security   
 and  Priv  acy   
 28th  Australasian  Conference,  ACISP  2023   
 Brisbane,  QLD,  Australia,  July  5–7,  2023   
 Proceedings   

 Editors   
 Leonie  Simpson   
 Queensland  University  of  T  echnology   
 Brisbane,  QLD,  Australia   
 Mir  Ali  Rezazadeh  Baee   
 Queensland  University  of  T  echnology   
 Brisbane,  QLD,  Australia   
 ISSN  0302-9743  ISSN  1611-3349  (electronic)   
 Lecture  Notes  in  Computer  Science   
 ISBN  978-3-031-35485-4  ISBN  978-3-031-35486-1  (eBook)   
 https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-35486-1   
 ©  The  Editor(s)  (if  applicable)  and  The  Author(s),  under  exclusive  license   
 to  Springer  Nature  Switzerland  AG  2023   
 This  work  is  subject  to  copyright.  All  rights  are  reserved  by  the  Publisher,  whether  the  whole  or  part  of   
 the  material  is  concerned,  speciﬁcally  the  rights  of  translation,  reprinting,  reuse  of  illustrations,  recitation,   
 broadcasting,  reproduction  on  microﬁlms  or  in  any  other  physical  way,  and  transmission  or  information   
 storage  and  retrieval,  electronic  adaptation,  computer  software,  or  by  similar  or  dissimilar  methodology  now   
 known  or  hereafter  developed.   
 The  use  of  general  descriptive  names,  registered  names,  trademarks,  service  marks,  etc.  in  this  publication   
 does  not  imply,  ev  en  in  the  absence  of  a  speciﬁc  statement,  that  such  names  are  exempt  from  the  relevant   
 protective  laws  and  regulations  and  therefore  free  for  general  use.   
 The  publisher,  the  authors,  and  the  editors  are  safe  to  assume  that  the  advice  and  information  in  this  book   
 are  believed  to  be  true  and  accurate  at  the  date  of  publication.  Neither  the  publisher  nor  the  authors  or  the   
 editors  give  a  warranty  ,  expressed  or  implied,  with  respect  to  the  material  contained  herein  or  for  any  errors   
 or  omissions  that  may  have  been  made.  The  publisher  remains  neutral  with  regard  to  jurisdictional  claims  in   
 published  maps  and  institutional  afﬁliations.   
 This  Springer  imprint  is  published  by  the  registered  company  Springer  Nature  Switzerland  AG   
 The  registered  company  address  is:  Gewerbestrasse  11,  6330  Cham,  Switzerland   

 Preface   
 This  volume  contains  the  refereed  papers  presented  at  the  28th  Australasian  Conference   
 on  Information  Security  and  Privacy  (A  CISP  2023).  The  conference  was  held  on  5–7   
 July  2023,  in  Brisbane,  Australia  and  hosted  by  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,   
 who  provided  excellent  facilities  and  support.   
 The  ACISP  conference  has  been  an  annual  ev  ent  since  1996,  and  brings  together   
 security  researchers  and  practitioners  from  academia,  industry  and  government  orga-   
 nizations  for  presentation  of  current  developments  and  challenges  in  the  domain  of   
 information  security  and  privacy  .  After  several  years  of  virtual  and  hybrid  conferences   
 due  to  the  COVID  pandemic  restrictions,  2023  marked  a  return  to  a  physical  confer-   
 ence,  with  opportunities  to  network  and  socialize  in  addition  to  the  formal  program  of   
 presentations.   
 For  ACISP  2023,  we  made  use  of  the  EasyChair  submission  and  re  viewing  software.   
 The  Program  Committee  selected  27  research  papers  from  the  87  submissions  received,   
 following  a  double-blind  reviewing  process.  Each  submission  recei  ved  at  least  three   
 reviews,  and  the  revie  wer  feedback  was  provided  to  all  submitting  authors.  We  thank   
 all  authors  of  submitted  papers  -  the  high  quality  of  the  submissions  made  the  task  of   
 selecting  a  program  difﬁcult.   
 This  volume  contains  the  revised  versions  of  the  27  accepted  papers.  W  e  express   
 our  thanks  to  Springer  for  their  continued  support  of  ACISP  ,  and  for  their  help  with  the   
 conference  proceedings  production.   
 W  e  are  grateful  for  the  efforts  of  the  Program  Committee  members  and  external   
 reviewers,  who  applied  their  knowledge  and  e  xpertise  in  reviewing  submissions,  par-   
 ticipating  in  discussions  to  determine  which  papers  would  be  selected  and  providing   
 feedback  to  the  authors.  Our  deepest  thanks  for  your  efforts.  The  ACISP-2023  Pro-   
 gram  Committee  represents  both  geographic  and  gender  diversity:  members  were  from   
 18  nations,  and  almost  35%  of  the  committee  were  female.  W  e  hope  future  ACISP   
 committees  will  continue  to  progress  towards  gender  equality  .   
 In  addition  to  the  selected  research  papers,  the  ACISP-2023  program  included  four   
 invited  talks  on  aspects  of  information  security  and  priv  acy  practice  and  research.  QUT’s   
 Vice  President  (Administration)  and  Registrar  ,  Leanne  Harvey,  spoke  on  the  December   
 2022  cyber-attack  on  QUT  .  The  Cyber  Security  CRC  Research  Director,  Helge  Janicke,   
 discussed  security  research  collaboration  between  academia,  government  and  industry  .   
 The  historical  development  of  communications  security  capabilities  in  government  was   
 outlined,  and  Lennon  Chang  (Deakin  University)  talked  about  cultural  aspects  of  pri-   
 vacy  .  Details  of  their  presentations  do  not  appear  in  these  proceedings.  However  ,  we   
 thank  all  these  speakers  for  sharing  their  insight  and  inspiring  continuing  research  in  the   
 information  security  and  privacy  domains.   
 W  e  acknowledge  the  contribution  of  our  local  organizing  committee  members:  QUT   
 staff  and  research  students  in  the  Information  Security  discipline,  whose  efforts  enabled   
 the  smooth  running  of  the  conference.  W  e  make  special  mention  of  a  former  longstanding   

 vi  Preface   
 QUT  staff  member,Ed  Dawson.  Ed  had  a  long  involvement  with  ACISP  ,  and  was  in  volved   
 in  the  planning  for  ACISP  2023.  Sadly  ,  he  passed  away  earlier  this  year.  He  will  be  greatly   
 missed.   
 July  2023  Leonie  Simpson   
 Mir  Ali  Rezazadeh  Baee   

 Organization   
 General  Chair   
 Josef  Pieprzyk  Commonwealth  Scientiﬁc  and  Industrial  Research   
 Organization,  Data61,  Australia   
 Publication  Chairs   
 Leonie  Simpson  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   
 Mir  Ali  Rezazadeh  Baee  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   
 Program  Committee  Chairs   
 Leonie  Simpson  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   
 Mir  Ali  Rezazadeh  Baee  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   
 Program  Committee  Members   
 Cristina  Alcaraz  University  of  Malaga,  Spain   
 Elena  Andreeva  Technische  Uni  versität  Wien,  Austria   
 Man  Ho  Au  University  of  Hong  Kong,  Hong  K  ong   
 Shi  Bai  Florida  Atlantic  University  ,  USA   
 Harry  Bartlett  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   
 Lejla  Batina  Radboud  University  ,  The  Netherlands   
 Rishiraj  Bhattacharyya  University  of  Birmingham,  UK   
 Colin  Boyd  Norwegian  University  of  Science  and  T  echnology,   
 Norway   
 Rongmao  Chen  National  University  of  Defense  T  echnology,   
 China   
 Chitchanok  Chuengsatiansup  University  of  Melbourne,  Australia   
 Amy  Corman  RMIT  University  ,  Australia   
 Craig  Costello  Microsoft  Research,  USA   
 Hui  Cui  Murdoch  University  ,  Australia   
 Edward  Dawson  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   
 Josep  Domingo-Ferrer  Universitat  Rovira  i  V  irgili,  Spain   

 viii  Organization   
 Rafael  Dowsley  Monash  University  ,  Australia   
 Keita  Emura  National  Institute  of  Information  and   
 Communications  Technology  ,  Japan   
 Ernest  Foo  Grifﬁth  University  ,  Australia   
 Debin  Gao  Singapore  Management  University  ,  Singapore   
 Joanne  Hall  RMIT  University  ,  Australia   
 Jinguang  Han  Southeast  University,  China   
 Jingnan  He  Institute  of  Information  Engineering  of  Chinese   
 Academy  of  Sciences,  China   
 Swee-Huay  Heng  Multimedia  University  ,  Malaysia   
 Xiaolu  Hou  Slo  vak  University  of  T  echnology,  Slovakia   
 Qiong  Huang  South  China  Agricultural  University,  China   
 Malika  Izabachène  Cosmian,  France   
 Zahra  Jadidi  Grif  ﬁth  University,  Australia   
 Angelos  Keromytis  Georgia  Institute  of  Technology  ,  USA   
 Dan  Kim  University  of  Queensland,  Australia   
 V  eronika  Kuchta  Florida  Atlantic  University  ,  USA   
 Fabien  Laguillaumie  University  of  Montpellier  ,  LIRMM,  France   
 Hyung  T  ae  Lee  Chung-Ang  University  ,  South  Korea   
 Y  annan  Li  University  of  W  ollongong,  Australia   
 Yingjiu  Li  University  of  Oregon,  USA   
 Shengli  Liu  Shanghai  Jiao  T  ong  University  ,  China   
 Y  uhong  Liu  Santa  Clara  University,  USA   
 Rongxing  Lu  University  of  New  Brunswick,  Canada   
 Xianhui  Lu  Institute  of  Information  Engineering,  CAS,  China   
 Siqi  Ma  University  of  New  South  W  ales,  Australia   
 Mitsuru  Matsui  Mitsubishi  Electric,  Japan   
 Matthew  McKague  Queensland  University  of  Technology  ,  Australia   
 W  eizhi  Meng  T  echnical  University  of  Denmark,  Denmark   
 Chris  Mitchell  Royal  Holloway,  Uni  versity  of  London,  UK   
 Kirill  Morozov  University  of  North  T  exas,  USA   
 Khoa  Nguyen  University  of  W  ollongong,  Australia   
 Lei  Pan  Deakin  University  ,  Australia   
 Dimitrios  Papadopoulos  Hong  Kong  University  of  Science  and   
 Technology  ,  Hong  Kong   
 Udaya  Parampalli  University  of  Melbourne,  Australia   
 Josef  Pieprzyk  CSIRO/Data61,  Australia   
 Indrakshi  Ray  Colorado  State  Uni  versity,  USA   
 Adeline  Roux-Langlois  CNRS,  IRISA,  France   
 Reihaneh  Safavi-Naini  University  of  Calgary,  Canada   
 Amin  Sakzad  Monash  University,  Australia   
 Pierangela  Samarati  Università  degli  Studi  di  Milano,  Italy   

 Organization  ix   
 Luisa  Siniscalchi  Technical  Uni  versity  of  Denmark,  Denmark   
 Daniel  Slamanig  Austrian  Institute  of  Technology  ,  Austria   
 Jill  Slay  Uni  versity  of  South  Australia,  Australia   
 Willy  Susilo  University  of  Wollongong,  Australia   
 V  anessa  Teague  Australian  National  University  ,  Australia   
 Ding  W  ang  Nankai  University  ,  China   
 Huaxiong  W  ang  Nanyang  T  echnological  University  ,  Singapore   
 Guomin  Y  ang  Singapore  Management  University  ,  Singapore   
 Y  uval  Y  arom  University  of  Adelaide,  Australia   
 Xun  Yi  RMIT  University  ,  Australia   
 Quan  Y  uan  University  of  T  okyo,  Japan   
 Tsz  Hon  Y  uen  University  of  Hong  Kong,  Hong  K  ong   
 External  Reviewers   
 Léo  Ackermann   
 Kanwal  Aslam  Syed   
 Sepideh  Avizheh   
 Syed  Badruddoja   
 Anuhbab  Baksi   
 Priyanka  Dutta   
 Sabyasachi  Dutta   
 Jonathan  Eriksen   
 Rami  Haffar   
 Preston  Haffey   
 Pavol  Helebrandt   
 Kai  Hu   
 Ryoma  Ito   
 Hansraj  Jangir   
 Dingding  Jia   
 Yinhao  Jiang   
 Elena  Kirshanova   
 Jiahao  Liu   
 Jinyu  Lu   
 Xingye  Lu   
 Tran  N  go   
 Cong  Peng   
 Octavio  Pérez-Kempner   
 Simone  Perriello   
 Lucas  Prabel   
 Sebastian  Ramacher   
 Krijn  Reijnders   
 Partha  Sarathi  Roy   
 Syh-Y  uan  Tan   
 Sulani  Thakshila   
 Monika  Trimoska   
 Peng  W  ang   
 Kexin  X  u   
 Y  anhong  Xu   
 Haiyang  Xue   
 Xiao  Y  ang   
 Liu  Zhang   
 Y  afei  Zheng   
 Local  Organizing  Committee  Chairs   
 Leonie  Simpson  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   
 Mir  Ali  Rezazadeh  Baee  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,  Australia   

 Contents   
 Symmetric-Key  Cryptography   
 Improved  Differential  Cryptanalysis  on  SPECK  Using  Plaintext  Structures  .  .  .  .  3   
 Zhuohui  F  eng,  Y  e  Luo,  Chao  W  ang,  Qianqian  Y  ang,  Zhiquan  Liu,   
 and  Ling  Song   
 Linear  Cryptanalysis  and  Its  V  ariants  with  Fast  Fourier  Transformation   
 Technique  on  MPC/FHE/ZK-Friendly  F p   -Based  Ciphers  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25    
 Zeyu  Xu,  Shiyao  Chen,  Meiqin  W  ang,  and  Puwen  W  ei   
 A  New  Correlation  Cube  Attack  Based  on  Division  Property  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  53   
 Cheng  Che  and  Tian  T  ian   
 The  Triangle  Differential  Cryptanalysis  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  72   
 Xiaofeng  Xie  and  Tian  T  ian   
 Key  Recovery  Attacks  on  Grain-Lik  e  Keystream  Generators  with  Key   
 I  n  j  e  c  t  i  o  n  .............................................................  8  9   
 Matthew  Beighton,  Harry  Bartlett,  Leonie  Simpson,   
 and  Kenneth  K  oon-Ho  Wong   
 Related-Cipher  Attacks:  Applications  to  Ballet  and  ANT  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  109   
 Y  ongxia  Mao,  Wenling  W  u,  Yafei  Zheng,  and  Lei  Zhang   
 Cryptanalysis  of  SPEEDY   ..............................................  1  2  4    
 Jinliang  Wang,  Chao  Niu,  Qun  Liu,  Muzhou  Li,  Bart  Preneel,   
 and  Meiqin  W  ang   
 Reconsidering  Generic  Composition:  The  Modes  A10,  A11  and  A12  are   
 I  n  s  e  c  u  r  e  ..............................................................  1  5  7    
 Francesco  Berti   
 Exploring  Formal  Methods  for  Cryptographic  Hash  Function   
 I  m  p  l  e  m  e  n  t  a  t  i  o  n  s  ......................................................  1  7  7   
 Nicky  Mouha   

 xii  Contents   
 Public-Key  Cryptography   
 A  Tightly  Secure  ID-Based  Signature  Scheme  Under  DL  Assumption   
 i  nA  G  M  ..............................................................  1  9  9   
 Jia-Chng  Loh,  Fuchun  Guo,  Willy  Susilo,  and  Guomin  Y  ang   
 Compact  Password  Authenticated  Key  Exchange  from  Group  Actions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  220   
 Ren  Ishibashi  and  Kazuki  Y  oneyama   
 Multi-key  Homomorphic  Secret  Sharing  from  L  WE  Without  Multi-key  HE  .  .  .  .  248   
 P  eiying  Xu  and  Li-Ping  Wang   
 Identity-Based  Encryption  from  Lattices  Using  Approximate  Trapdoors  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  270   
 Malika  Izabachène,  Lucas  Prabel,  and  Adeline  Roux-Langlois   
 Homomorphic  Signatures  for  Subset  and  Superset  Mixed  Predicates   
 a  n  dI  t  sA  p  p  l  i  c  a  t  i  o  n  s  ....................................................  2  9  1   
 Masahito  Ishizaka  and  Kazuhide  Fukushima   
 Adaptively  Secure  Identity-Based  Encryption  from  Middle-Product   
 L  e  a  r  n  i  n  gw  i  t  hE  r  r  o  r  s  ...................................................  3  2  0   
 Jingjing  Fan,  Xingye  Lu,  and  Man  Ho  Au   
 Post-Quantum  Cryptography   
 Quantum-Access  Security  of  Hash-Based  Signature  Schemes  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  343   
 Quan  Y  uan,  Mehdi  Tibouchi,  and  Masayuki  Abe   
 Tightly  Secure  Lattice  Identity-Based  Signature  in  the  Quantum  Random   
 O  r  a  c  l  eM  o  d  e  l  .........................................................  3  8  1    
 Ernest  F  oo  and  Qinyi  Li   
 Ghidle:  Efﬁcient  Large-State  Block  Ciphers  for  Post-quantum  Security  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  403   
 Motoki  Nakahashi,  Rentaro  Shiba,  Ravi  Anand,  Mostaﬁzar  Rahman,   
 Kosei  Sakamoto,  Fukang  Liu,  and  T  akanori  Isobe   
 Quantum  Algorithm  for  Finding  Impossible  Differentials   
 and  Zero-Correlation  Linear  Hulls  of  Symmetric  Ciphers  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  431   
 Huiqin  Chen,  Yongqiang  Li,  Parhat  Abla,  Zhiran  Li,  Lin  Jiao,   
 and  Mingsheng  W  ang   
 Memory-Efﬁcient  Quantum  Information  Set  Decoding  Algorithm  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  452   
 Naoto  Kimura,  Atsushi  T  akayasu,  and  Tsuyoshi  Takagi   

 Contents  xiii   
 Cryptographic  Protocols   
 CSI-SharK:  CSI-FiSh  with  Sharing-friendly  Keys  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  471   
 Shahla  Atapoor,  Karim  Baghery,  Daniele  Cozzo,  and  Robi  P  edersen   
 Practical  Veriﬁable  Random  Function  with  RKA  Security  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  503   
 Tsz  Hon  Y  uen,  Shimin  Pan,  Sheng  Huang,  and  Xiaoting  Zhang   
 Statistically  Consistent  Broadcast  Authenticated  Encryption  with  Keyword   
 Search:  Adaptive  Security  from  Standard  Assumptions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  523   
 Sayantan  Mukherjee   
 Modular  Design  of  KEM-Based  Authenticated  Key  Exchange  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  553   
 Colin  Boyd,  Bor  de  Kock,  and  Lise  Millerjor  d   
 Reusable,  Instant  and  Private  Payment  Guarantees  for  Cryptocurrencies  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  580   
 Akash  Madhusudan,  Mahdi  Sedaghat,  Samarth  T  iwari,  Kelong  Cong,   
 and  Bart  Preneel   
 System  Security   
 BinAlign:  Alignment  Padding  Based  Compiler  Provenance  Recovery  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  609   
 Maliha  Ismail,  Y  an  Lin,  DongGyun  Han,  and  Debin  Gao   
 Encrypted  Network  Trafﬁc  Classiﬁcation  with  Higher  Order  Graph  Neural   
 N  e  t  w  o  r  k  .............................................................  6  3  0   
 Zulu  Okonkwo,  Ernest  F  oo,  Zhe  Hou,  Qinyi  Li,  and  Zahra  Jadidi   
 Author  Index  .........................................................  6  5  1    

 Citations (0)  

  References (4)  

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any citations for this publication.   

 Daniele Cozzo, and Robi Pedersen Practical Verifiable Random Function with RKA Security   

 Shahla Atapoor 
  Karim Baghery 
    
 Shahla Atapoor, Karim Baghery, Daniele Cozzo, and Robi Pedersen Practical Verifiable Random Function with RKA Security................... 503   

 Instant and Private Payment Guarantees for Cryptocurrencies   
   
 580 

 Reusable 
    
 Reusable, Instant and Private Payment Guarantees for Cryptocurrencies....... 580   

 Kelong Cong, and Bart Preneel System Security BinAlign: Alignment Padding Based Compiler Provenance Recovery   
   
 609 

 Akash Madhusudan 
  Mahdi Sedaghat 
  Samarth Tiwari 
    
 Akash Madhusudan, Mahdi Sedaghat, Samarth Tiwari, Kelong Cong, and Bart Preneel System Security BinAlign: Alignment Padding Based Compiler Provenance Recovery......... 609   

 Encrypted Network Traffic Classification with Higher Order Graph Neural Network   

 Maliha Ismail 
  Yan Lin 
  Donggyun Han 
  Debin Gao 
    
 Maliha Ismail, Yan Lin, DongGyun Han, and Debin Gao Encrypted Network Traffic Classification with Higher Order Graph Neural Network............................................................. 630 Zulu Okonkwo, Ernest Foo, Zhe Hou, Qinyi Li, and Zahra Jadidi   

 Recommended publications  
   
 Discover more about: Information Security    

 Sponsored content    
   
 2020 Global Business Challenge - $125,000 in cash prizes   
 July 2020    
 The 2020 GBC is the pre-eminent global innovation competition for postgraduate students and is run jointly by three of Australian's leading universities, The University of Queensland, Queensland University of Technology and Griffith University and is supported by the Queensland and Australian...   
   
 View post    

 Book    
   
 Information Security and Cryptology 17th International Conference, Inscrypt 2021, Virtual Event, Aug...   
 January 2021  · Lecture Notes in Computer Science    
 Yu Yu 
  Moti Yung 
  This book constitutes the post-conference proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, Inscrypt 2021, in August 2021. Due the COVID-19, the conference was held online The 28 full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 81 submissions. The papers presents papers about research advances in all areas of information security, cryptology, ... [Show full abstract]  and their applications.    
 Read more    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 The Security of “2FLIP” Authentication Scheme for VANETs: Attacks and Rectifications   
 October 2022  · IEEE Open Journal of Vehicular Technology    
 Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee 
  Leonie Simpson 
  Ernest Foo 
  Josef Pieprzyk 
  Wireless broadcast transmission enables Inter-vehicle or Vehicle-to-Vehicle (V2V) communication among nearby vehicles and with nearby fixed equipment, referred to as Road Side Units (RSUs). The vehicles and RSUs within transmission range establish a self-organizing network called Vehicular Ad-hoc Network (VANET). The V2V communication in VANETs is vulnerable to cyber attacks involving message ... [Show full abstract]  manipulation. Thus, mechanisms should be applied to ensure both the authenticity and integrity of the data broadcast. However, due to privacy concerns, it is important to avoid the use of identifiers that may aid tracking and surveillance of drivers. This is a serious constraint on authentication mechanisms. Recently, Wang et al. [1] proposed A Two-Factor Lightweight Privacy Preserving Authentication Scheme for VANET named 2FLIP. They claim that their scheme includes a secure system-key update protocol to restore the whole system when necessary and further that this resists an adversary obtaining any information about the updated system-key. In this paper, we show that this is incorrect: 2FLIP does not provide perfect forward secrecy. This results in a known-key attack, as well as message forgery attack by an external adversary who may be an unregistered vehicle user. This external adversary can generate valid anonymous messages and further, they cannot be traced. The 2FLIP scheme is efficient, so we propose a modification to improve the security. We provide a formal security proof to show that our proposal is indeed provably secure. We demonstrate the efficiency of our proposal by conducting extensive performance analysis. We believe the enhanced system-key update protocol will be useful for application by researchers and designers in current and future VANET authentication schemes.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 A Framework for Migrating to Post-Quantum Cryptography: Security Dependency Analysis and Case Studie...   
 January 2024  · IEEE Access    
 Leonie Simpson 
  Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee 
  Fida Hasan 
  [...] 
  Matthew Mckague 
  Quantum computing is emerging as a significant threat to information protected by widely used cryptographic systems. Cryptographic methods, once deemed secure for decades, are now at risk of being compromised, posing a massive threat to the security of sensitive data and communications across enterprises worldwide. As a result, there is an urgent need to migrate to quantum-resistant cryptographic ... [Show full abstract]  systems. This is no simple task. Migrating to a quantum-safe state is a complex process, and many organisations lack the in-house expertise to navigate this transition without guidance. In this paper, we present a comprehensive framework designed to assist enterprises with this migration. Our framework outlines essential steps involved in the cryptographic migration process, and leverages existing organisational inventories. The framework facilitates the efficient identification of cryptographic assets and can be integrated with other enterprise frameworks smoothly. To underscore its practicality and effectiveness, we have incorporated case studies that utilise graph-theoretic techniques to pinpoint and assess cryptographic dependencies. This is useful in prioritising crypto-systems for replacement.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Authentication Strategies in Vehicular Communications: A Taxonomy and Framework   
 May 2021  · EURASIP Journal on Wireless Communications and Networking    
 Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee 
  Leonie Simpson 
  Josef Pieprzyk 
  [...] 
  Xavier Boyen 
  In intelligent vehicular networks, vehicles have enhanced sensing capabilities, and carry computing and communication platforms to enable new versatile systems known as Vehicular Communication (VC) systems. Vehicles communicate with other vehicles and with nearby fixed equipment to support different applications, including those which increase driver awareness of the surroundings. This should ... [Show full abstract]  result in improved safety and may optimize traffic. However, VC systems are vulnerable to cyber attacks involving message manipulation. Research aimed at tackling this problem has resulted in the proposal of multiple authentication protocols. Several existing survey papers have attempted to classify some of these protocols based on a limited set of characteristics. However, to date there is no generic framework to support the comparison of these protocols and provide guidance for design and evaluation. Most existing classifications either use computation complexity of cryptographic techniques as a criterion, or they fail to make connections between different important aspects of authentication. This paper provides such a framework; proposing a new taxonomy to enable a consistent means of classifying authentication schemes based upon seven main criteria. The main contribution of this study is a framework to enable protocol designers and investigators to adequately compare and select authentication schemes when deciding on particular protocols to implement in an application. Our framework can be applied in design, making choices appropriate for the intended context in both intra-vehicle and inter-vehicle communications. We demonstrate the application of our framework using two different types of case study: individual analysis and hypothetical design. Additionally, this work makes several related contributions. We present the network model, outline the applications, list the communication patterns and the underlying standards, and discuss the necessity of using cryptography and key-management in VC systems. We also review the threats, authentication, and privacy requirements in vehicular networks.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Pervasive User Data Collection from Cyberspace: Privacy Concerns and Countermeasures   
 January 2024  · Cryptography    
 Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee 
  Leonie Simpson 
  Josef Pieprzyk 
  The increasing use of technologies, particularly computing and communication paradigms, has significantly influenced our daily lives. Interconnecting devices and networks provides convenient platforms for information exchange and facilitates pervasive user data collection. This new environment presents serious privacy challenges. User activities can be continuously monitored in both digital and ... [Show full abstract]  physical realms. Gathered data can be aggregated and analysed, revealing aspects of user behaviour that may not be apparent from a single data point. The very items that facilitate connectivity simultaneously increase the risk of privacy breaches. The data gathered to provide services can also be used for monitoring and surveillance. This paper discerns three novel categories of privacy concerns relating to pervasive user data collection: privacy and user activity in cyberspace, privacy in personal cyber–physical systems, and privacy in proactive user-driven data collection. We emphasise the primary challenges, ranging from identity tracking in browsing histories to intricate issues in opportunistic networks, situating each within practical, real-world scenarios. Furthermore, we assess the effectiveness of current countermeasures, investigating their strengths and limitations. This paper explores the challenges in preserving privacy in user interactions with dynamic interconnected systems and suggests countermeasures to mitigate identified privacy risks.    
 View full-text    

 Last Updated: 21 Nov 2024    

 Interested in research on Information Security?   
 Join ResearchGate to discover and stay up-to-date with the latest research from leading experts in Information Security  and many other scientific topics.   

 Join for free     

 ResearchGate iOS App    
   
 Get it from the App Store now.   

 Install     

 Keep up with your stats and more   

 Access scientific knowledge from anywhere   

 or   
   
 Discover by subject area     

 Recruit researchers 
  Join for free 
  Login      Email   Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login         Password  Forgot password?      Keep me logged in   Log in    or    Continue with Google                 
 Welcome back! Please log in.        Email · Hint  Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login          Password   Forgot password?       Keep me logged in    Log in    or    Continue with Google       No account? Sign up 

 Company   
 About us    
 News    
 Careers    

 Support   
 Help Center    

 Business solutions   
 Advertising    
 Recruiting    

 © 2008-2024 ResearchGate GmbH. All rights reserved.   
   
 Terms 
  Privacy 
  Copyright 
  Imprint 
  Consent preferences