Acivs 2023  
 August 21-22, 2023  
 Kumamoto, Japan |  
 Advanced Concepts for Intelligent Vision Systems 

  Conference proceedings  
 The proceedings of Acivs 2023 ( LNCS volume 14124  ) are available at the Springer on-line.website.  
  
 Acivs 2023 is a conference focusing on techniques for building adaptive, intelligent, safe and secure imaging systems. Acivs 2023 consists of two days of lecture sessions, both regular (25 minutes) and invited presentations, and poster sessions.  
  Conference topics  
 Papers must show original and high-quality work, from basic research to pre-industrial application. Both classical research papers and application papers are welcome. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: Sensing, Representation, Modeling, and Registration 
  Motion Estimation, Registration, and Fusion 
  Compression, Coding, and Transmission 
  Image & Video Interpretation, Deep Learning 
  Restoration and Enhancement 
  Detection, Recognition, Retrieval, and Classification 
  Color, Multi and Hyper-spectral, Polarimetric Imaging 
  Biometrics, Forensics, and Security 
  Image & Video Quality Models 
   Proceedings, journal special issue and student paper award  
 The proceedings of Acivs 2023 will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series and are listed in the ISI proceedings index.  LNCS is published, in parallel to the printed books, in full-text electronic form via Springer's internet platform ( http://www.springerlink.com  ).  
 Authors of most innovative papers will be invited to submit a substantially extended version of the conference paper for possible publication in a special issue of the IOS international journal Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering  (Impact Factor 4.827).  
 As for previous years and thanks to sponsorship by Springer, Acivs 2023 will feature a 1,000 € Best Student Paper Award.  
  Tutorials Call  
 Tutorials at Acivs 2023 will be 2hr 20min, everyday. Proposals for tutorials must be submitted to the Steering Committee. Acivs 2023 will also feature several social activities (included in the registration fee), including an opening reception, a conference dinner and a cultural activity.  
  Paper submission and review process  
 Prospective authors should prepare a full paper and submit it electronically. The paper should consist of 8-12 pages in A4 format and should conform to the style guidelines  outlined on the Acivs 2023 website.  
 Detailed author guidelines are provided below. To upload your paper, first create an author account  . Then follow the intructions. If after submission you would like to change some details, or upload a new version before the deadline, then visit the list of papers  you have submitted.  
 Submitted papers should include all author names. The anonymous reviewers will therefore know who the authors are ("single blind" system).  
 LaTeX style sheets, MSWord templates and cal more detailed information  on the submission process can be found on the Acivs 2023 website ( http://acivs.org/acivs2023/  ). It is absolutely essential that submitted papers are based on the provided templates  . Accepted papers which do not satisfy the requirements or which cannot be processed without changes will be returned to the authors and may not be published.  
  All submissions will be reviewed by at least 2 members of the Program Committee; additional reviewers will be consulted if needed. The papers should provide sufficient background information and should clearly indicate the original contribution. They should state and discuss the main results and provide adequate references. Paper submission implies that one of the authors will present the paper if it is accepted. Duplicate submissions to other conferences, or modified copies of earlier papers are not acceptable.   
 Submission implies the authors have obtained all IP clearance from their employers, eg. the submitted material contains nothing that is commercial-in-confidence.  
  Important deadlines  
  
 May 15, 2023 | Full paper submission 
 June 1, 2023 | Notification of acceptance 
 June 30, 2023 | Camera-ready papers due 
 July 7, 2023 | Registration deadline for authors of accepted papers 
 July 7, 2023 | Early registration deadline 
 August 21-22, 2023 | Acivs 2023 
  
  Organising Committee  
 Patrice Delmas The University of Auckland Auckland New Zealand.  
  Toshifumi Mukunoki Kumamoto University Kumamoto Japan.  
   
  Steering Committee  
 Jacques Blanc-Talon DGA Toulouse France.  
  Patrice Delmas The University of Auckland Auckland New Zealand.  
  Wilfried Philips Ghent University - imec Ghent Belgium.  
  Paul Scheunders University of Antwerp Antwerp Belgium.  
   
  Program committee  
 Hamid Aghajan, Ghent University - imec Ghent Belgium.  
  João Ascenso, Instituto de Telecomunicações Lisboa Portugal.  
  Sebastiano Battiato, University of Catania Catania Italy.  
  George Bebis, University of Nevada Reno USA.  
  Fabio Bellavia, Università degli Studi di Palermo Palermo Italy.  
  Jenny Benois-Pineau, University of Bordeaux Bordeaux France.  
  Janusz Bobulski, Czestochowa University of Technology Częstochowa Poland.  
  Egor Bondarev, Technische Universiteit Eindhoven Eindhoven The Netherlands.  
  Salah Bourennane, Ecole Centrale de Marseille Marseille France.  
  Catarina Brites, Instituto de Telecomunicações Lisboa Portugal.  
  Vittoria Bruni, University of Rome La Sapienza Roma Italy.  
  Odemir Martinez Bruno, University of São Paulo São Paulo Brazil.  
  Giuseppe Cattaneo, University of Salerno Fisciano Italy.  
  Jocelyn Chanussot, Université de Grenoble Alpes Grenoble France.  
  Kacem Chehdi, ENSSAT Lannion France.  
  Pamela Cosman, University of California San Diego USA.  
  Mihai Datcu, DLR (German Aerospace Center), Köln Germany.  
  Patrice Delmas, The University of Auckland Auckland New Zealand.  
  Stéphane Derrode, Ecole Centrale de Lyon Lyon France.  
  Israel Mendoça Dos Santos, Kumamoto University Kumamoto Japan.  
  Christine Fernandez-Maloigne, Poitiers University Chasseneuil France.  
  Jérôme Gilles, San Diego State University San Diego USA.  
  Daniele Giusto, Università degli Studi di Cagliari Cagliari Italy.  
  Christine Guillemot, INRIA Rennes Cedex France.  
  Monson Hayes, George Mason University Fairfax USA.  
  Dimitris Iakovidis, University of Thessaly Lamia Greece.  
  Yuji Iwahori, Chubu University Kasugai Japan.  
  Hamid Krim, North Carolina State University Raleigh USA.  
  Bogdan Kwolek, AGH University of Science and Technology Krakow Poland.  
  Ting-Lan Lin, National Taipei University of Technology Taipei Taiwan.  
  Ludovic Macaire, Université Lille Villeneuve d'Ascq France.  
  Jean-Michel Morel, ENS Cachan France.  
  Toshifumi Mukunoki, Kumamoto University Kumamoto Japan.  
  Adrian Munteanu, Vrije Universiteit Brussel Brussels Belgium.  
  Shigeki Nakauchi, Toyohashi University of Technology Toyohashi Japan.  
  María Navascués, Universidad de Zaragoza Zaragoza Spain.  
  António J. R. Neves, University of Aveiro Aveiro Portugal.  
  Jennifer Newman, Iowa State University Ames USA.  
  Jun Otani, Kumamoto University Kumamoto Japan.  
  Jussi Parkkinen, University of Eastern Finland Joensuu Finland.  
  Rudi Penne, University of Antwerp Antwerp Belgium.  
  Giovanni Ramponi, University of Trieste Trieste Italy.  
  Florent Retraint, Université de Technologie de Troyes Troyes France.  
  Luis Salgado, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid Madrid Spain.  
  Natalia Schmid, West Virginia University Morgantown USA.  
  Guna Seetharaman, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory USA.  
  Changming Sun, CSIRO Sydney Australia.  
  Tamas Sziranyi, University of Technology and Economics Budapest Hungary.  
  Jean-Philippe Thiran, EPFL Lausanne Switzerland.  
  Nadège Thirion-Moreau, SeaTech - Université de Toulon Toulon France.  
  Sylvie Treuillet, Université d'Orléans Orléans France.  
  Alex Vasilescu, UCLA USA.  
  Luisa Verdoliva, Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II Napoli Italy.  
  Serestina Viriri, University of KwaZulu-Natal Durban South Africa.  
  Bing Xue, Victoria University Wellington New-Zealand.  
  Gerald Zauner, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria Wels Austria.  
  Josiane Zerubia, INRIA Sophia-Antipolis France.  
  Djemel Ziou, Sherbrooke University Sherbrooke Canada.  

  This software generating these pages is © Wilfried Philips  (not Ghent University), 2002-9547. All rights reserved.  
 The data on this page is © Acivs 2023  . All rights reserved.  
 The server hosting this website is owned by the department of Telecommunications and Information Processing (TELIN) of Ghent University.  
 Problems with the website should be reported to Wilfried Philips  .  
   
 " This page was generated on Monday November 25th, 2024 08:25:47.