Skip to main content    
 ACSAC 2023 December 4-8, 2023 • Austin, Texas, USA      
 Menu    
   Submissions | Call for Submissions 
  Submission Topics 
  Hard-Topic Theme 
  Technical Papers 
  Case Studies 
  Panels 
  Posters 
  Works in Progress 
  Workshops 
  Artifacts Competition 
  Student Conferenceships 
  Workshops | ICSS – Industrial Control System Security 
  IOT-SCTI – IoT Security and Cyber Threat Intelligence 
  LASER – Learning from Authoritative Security Experiment Results 
  PAVeTrust – Program Analysis and Verification on Trusted Platforms 
  Tracer FIRE – Forensic and Incident Response Exercise 
  WEB3SEC – Workshop Encouraging Building Better Blockchain Security 
  WRIT – Workshop on Research for Insider Threats 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Artifacts Committee 
  Program | Full Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Paper Artifacts 
  Test of Time Awards 
  Artifacts Competition 
  Proceedings 
  Sponsors 
  Venue 
  Archive 
  FAQs 
  Mailing List 
  Search small   Search     

 It's a wrap!  See you next year in Hawaii  
 Proceedings will be made public in January 2024. Presentations will be posted to the program  as they are received.  

 ©Geoff Duncan   
 Plan Ahead — ACSAC 40 will be held December 9-13, 2024 in Waikiki, Honolulu, Hawaii  
   
 The Annual Computer Security Applications Conference (ACSAC)  brings together cutting-edge researchers, with a broad cross-section of security professionals drawn from academia, industry, and government, gathered to present and discuss the latest security results and topics. With peer reviewed technical papers, invited talks, panels, national interest discussions, and workshops, ACSAC continues its core mission of investigating practical solutions for computer and network security technology.  
 ACSAC will be held at the AT&T Conference Center in Austin, Texas. The hotel is 8 miles from the airport, with many attractions and restaurants within walking distance or a short ride.  

 Keynote  
 Computer Security in the Age of Large Language Models   
   
  Nicholas Carlini  
 Research Scientist,  
  Google DeepMind  

 Hard Topic Theme: Trustworthy Systems   
 This year's hard topic theme solicits research results and technologies that are considering the concept of trustworthy systems. Trustworthy systems generally involve the development of capabilities that offer security, safety, and reliability guarantees. ACSAC has always solicited work on applied security; with this hard topic, we hope to put great emphasize on deployable trustworthy systems.  
 Read More    

 Return to top    
 Code of Conduct 
  Privacy Policy 
  FAQs 
  Mailing List 
  Contact Us 

 an event by Applied Computer Security Associates    

 a 501(c)(3) non-profit association of computer security professionals with the goal to improve the understanding, theory, and practice of computer security through activities such as ACSAC and          
 with support from:  
   
 GOLD SPONSOR   
     
 SILVER SPONSOR   
     
 BRONZE SPONSOR   

 Facebook     
 Twitter     
 YouTube