Skip to main content    
 ACSAC 2024 December 9-13, 2024 • Honolulu, Hawaii, USA      
 Menu    
   Submissions | Call for Submissions 
  Submission Topics 
  Hard-Topic Theme 
  Technical Papers 
  Case Studies 
  Panels 
  Posters 
  Works in Progress 
  Workshops 
  Artifacts Competition 
  Student Conferenceships 
  Workshops | ARTMAN – Recent Advances in Resilient and Trustworthy Machine learning 
  ICSS – Industrial Control System Security 
  LASER – Learning from Authoritative Security Experiment Results 
  OSS – Open Source Software Transparency 
  Tracer FIRE – Forensic and Incident Response Exercise 
  WAITI with IOT-SCTI – Workshop on AI for Cyber Threat Intelligence & IoT Security and Cyber Threat Intelligence 
  WEB3SEC – Workshop Encouraging Building Better Blockchain Security 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Program | Full Program 
  Paper Artifacts 
  Sponsors 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Archive 
  FAQs 
  Mailing List 
  Search small   Search     

 Welcome to ACSAC 40!  Get your Aloha on…  
 Register by November 15th for best rates.  
 Register  View Program    

 Join us in Hawaii for our 40th anniversary!  
   
 The Annual Computer Security Applications Conference (ACSAC)  brings together leading researchers and practitioners, along with a diverse group of security professionals drawn from academia, industry, and government, gathered to present and discuss the latest cybersecurity results and topics. With peer reviewed technical papers, invited talks, panels, national interest discussions, and workshops, ACSAC continues its core mission of investigating practical solutions for computer and network security technologies.  
 This year, we will celebrate ACSAC's 40th edition. ACSAC's first edition was held in 1985 and is now one of the oldest computer security conferences, second only to the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy. We invite you to join us for this special anniversary, which will be held near the infamous Waikiki Beach in Honolulu, Hawaii!  
 As an internationally recognized forum where researchers, practitioners, and developers meet to learn and to exchange practical ideas and experiences in computer and network security, we invite you to submit your work. In addition to peer-reviewed papers on novel applied research, we also welcome case studies on real-world applications, panels featuring world experts, and workshops consisting of 1-2 day sessions on hot cybersecurity and privacy topics.  

 Keynote  
   
  Advancements and the Future of AI in Cybersecurity   
 Matt Knight  
 CISO, OpenAI  

 Hard Topic Theme: Security Applications of Generative AI   
 This year's hard topic theme solicits research results and technologies that advance our understanding of the applicability of Generative AI and Large Language Models to computer security. These transformative new technologies can have a significant impact in addressing traditional security problems, such as vulnerability detection, fraud detection, reverse engineering, threat intelligence, and many others. At the same time, the complexity of these systems also exposes new potential vulnerabilities that are still not well understood by the research community.  
 Read More    

 Return to top    
 Code of Conduct 
  Privacy Policy 
  FAQs 
  Mailing List 
  Contact Us 

 An event by Applied Computer Security Associates    

 a 501(c)(3) non-profit association of computer security professionals with the goal to improve the understanding, theory, and practice of computer security through activities such as ACSAC and          
 With technical co-sponsorship by IEEE Computer Society  

 And support from:  
   
 GOLD SPONSOR   
     
 SILVER SPONSOR   
     
 BRONZE SPONSOR   

 Facebook     
 Twitter     
 YouTube