info@ifipaiai.org 
  Facebook 
  Linkedin 

    Toggle Navigation     
   
 2025 Event 
  Conference | Important Dates 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Doctoral Track 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Paper Submission 
  Bibliometrics Details 
  Previous AIAI Events 
  Proceedings 
  Special Issues 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Calls for workshops / Special Sessions Proposals 
  Venue | Place 
  Room Reservation 
  Travel 
  About Cyprus 
  Registration 

 AIAI 2025  

 21st International Conference on Artificial Intelligence Applications and Innovations   
  Cyprus University of Technology, Limassol, Cyprus  
  Hybrid @ Limassol - Cyprus & Web  
  26 – 29 June, 2025   

 Paper submission deadline in   

 Important Dates    

 Paper Submission​    

 Committees    

 Special Issues​    

  kr2   

 kr4   

 kr4   

 kr3   

 kr4   

 kr4   

 kr4   

 AIAI 2023 Info Pack     
 Dear participants Please see bellow a short info pack of AIAI 2023 event.   
   
 Info Pack      

 Conference Interactive Program     
 Dear colleagues,  
 The interactive program of 19th AIAI 2023 has been published and can be found under the “Live Event” menu on the home page of 2023 event:  
 https://ifipaiai.org/2023/program/   
 All “ Join room  ” links are embedded to the program and can be seen by just clinking at each session  
 Please note that all times at the program are in CEST (Central European Summer Time) Zone which is the time zone of León, Spain.   
 Under the same menu option you can find a full list of conference papers together with their abstracts.  
 Finally, a separate option with Webex platform instructions, together with support and contact details can be found at the same menu option.  

 Detailed event program, Links and conference setup     
 Dear colleagues,  
 Interactive detailed event program can be found under the “Live Event / Program” menu of the 2024 home page.  
 https://ifipaiai.org/2024/program/   
 Interactive program includes the links to conference rooms, social events information, links to papers abstract etc.  
 Please note that Instructions on the remote setup of the conference and on how to join Registration, Demo & Support Room  can be found HERE.    
 While Simple instructions on the user features of WebEx Events Configuration for EANN (EAAAI) / AIAI rooms  can be found HERE.    

 Conference Brief Program     
 Dear Colleagues,  
 The brief program of 20th AIAI 2024 has been published and can be found under the “Live Event” menu on the home page of 2024 event:   
 https://ifipaiai.org/2024/program/    
 Please note that all times at the program are in EEST (Eastern European Summer Time) Zon  e which is the time zone of Athens, Greece.  

 Special Lufthansa Group Airlines Fares   
 Dear Colleagues,   
 The Lufthansa Group  has agreed to sponsor our conference and will be offering discounts for flights to Corfu Airport.   
 More info can be found at the Travel  tab.  

 Acceptance Notification Delivery    
   
 Dear Colleagues,   
 Acceptance / Rejection Notifications for 20 th  International Conference on Artificial Intelligence Applications and Innovations have been delivered.   
 If you didn’t receive the notification for your paper, please check spam folder and/or contact AIAI local organizing committee at anpsatha@civil.duth.gr   

 Workshops   

 MHDW      

 VAA-CP-EB      

 ADUD      

 AI & ETHICS      

 AI4GD      

 AIPM      

 5G-PINE      

 DAAI      

 New Regulations for Paper Submission  
 Dear Colleagues,  
 On behalf of the IFIP AIAI Steering Committee, we are happy to announce that the default length of the standard paper submission has been now increased to 14 PAGES  .  
 More info can be found at the Paper Submission  and Call for Papers  tabs.  

 Update to the AIAI Community from the Organisers  
 Dear Colleagues,  
 On behalf of the 21 st  AIAI (Artificial Intelligence Applications and Innovations) 2025 Organizing and Scientific Committee, it is a real honor and pleasure to welcome all Artificial Intelligence scholars who are looking for a well-established and prestigious forum to communicate and disseminate the innovative advances of their research. It is a fact that AI is continuously digging its way in a vast number of diverse scientific domains. AIAI aims to provide a forum for delegates from both academia and industry, who wish to share pioneer ideas, to get to know each other better and to present their research. Moreover, it aims to offer a deep glimpse into the future and to examine important AI ethical aspects.  
 The Artificial Intelligence Applications and Innovations  (AIAI) Conference has been held continuously since 2005, under the auspices of the IFIP WG12.5. Through the years, it has evolved to a well-respected and mature event, under the technical and scientific co-sponsorship of the AIAI community. This community comprises of an extended Group of leading scientists, not only from Europe but from all over the globe.  
 The h-index of the AIAI event is as high as 39  . This proves the novelty and quality of the presented-published research and its important contribution to the promotion of scientific ideas, algorithms and methods, globally. The fact that the conference Springer Proceedings, have been downloaded more than 2,800,000  times so far, supports the robust impact of the event among the scholars of AI internationally.. …[read more]   

 Further information  

 Prof. Lazaros Iliadis  
 Democritus University of Thrace  
 Email: liliadis@civil.duth.gr   

 Local arrangements  

 Organized by  

 In cooperation with  

 All rights reserved |   21st IFIP AIAI organizing committee  

     Skip to content  Open toolbar  Accessibility Tools         
 Accessibility Tools  
 Increase Text     Increase Text 
  Decrease Text     Decrease Text 
  Grayscale     Grayscale 
  High Contrast     High Contrast 
  Negative Contrast     Negative Contrast 
  Light Background     Light Background 
  Links Underline     Links Underline 
  Readable Font     Readable Font 
  Reset     Reset