AICCSA  2010, May 16-19, Hammamet, Tunisia  

 Announcements  
 Home 

 Important dates  
 Abstract registration: TBA 
  Full paper submission: TBA 
  Author Notification: TBA 
  Camera-ready version due: TBA 
  Demo/Exhibit proposals: TBA 

 Links  
 ACS 
  IEEE 
  ACM 

 AICCSA 2010, May 16-19, Hammamet, Tunisia |  

 2009-07-22 
 The eight ACS/IEEE International Conference on Computer Systems and Applications   
 AICCSA 2010   
 May 16-19, Hammamet, Tunisia   
   
 The eight ACS/IEEE International Conference on Computer Systems and Applications (AICCSA-2010) will be held in Hammamet, Tunisia May 2010. This is an ideal time to be in Tunisia. AICCSA is the premier Computer Science and Engineering Conference in the Middle East and North Africa. Authors are invited to submit papers describing new advances in computer systems and their applications. We welcome papers that are theoretical, conceptual, descriptive in nature, or a survey of the state of the art.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
 Algorithms and Bioinformatics 
  Computer Architecture and Real time Systems 
  Database and Data Mining 
  DSP/Image Processing/Pattern Recognition/Multimedia 
  Modeling and Simulation 
  Networking and Telecommunications 
  Parallel and Distributed Systems 
  Security and Information Assurance 
  Soft Computing (AI, Neural Networks, Fuzzy Systems, Evolutionary algorithms, etc.) 
  Software engineering 
  Important Due Dates:     
 Paper and Poster Submissions: October 13, 2009 (Firm)-11:59 pm (EST) 
  Workshop, Tutorial and Panel Submissions: October 13, 2009 | Firm)-11:59 pm (EST) 
  Notification of acceptance: December 19, 2009 
  Camera ready copy due: February 5, 2010 
  Author Registration: February 5, 2010 
  Proceedings     
 Papers selected for presentation will appear in the Conference  Proceedings, which will be published by the IEEE Computer Society and be  available at IEEE XploreTM. Extended versions of selected papers will be  considered for possible publication in scholarly international journals.   
  
 Regular Papers     
 Papers must be submitted electronically by October 13, 2009. Each paper  will be evaluated by at least three reviewers, and will be accepted based  on its originality, significance and clarity.   
 Submissions should not exceed 8 two-column, 8.5x11 inch pages (including  figures, tables, and references) in 10 point fonts. Please include 5-10  keywords, complete postal and e-mail address, and fax and phone numbers of  the corresponding author. If you have difficulties with electronic  submission, please contact Technical Program Co-Chairs. Papers must not be  published or under consideration to be published elsewhere.   
 Short Papers     
 Submitted papers that are deemed of good quality but could not be accepted  as regular papers will be accepted as short papers.   
 Workshops, Tutorials and Panels Submissions     
 Proposals for workshops, tutorials and panels should be submitted directly  to the appropriate chair.   
 Posters and Doctoral Symposium     
 Research still in early stages and doctoral research proposals may be  submitted as extended abstracts that must not exceed 750 words. Accepted  abstracts will be included in a special poster session dedicated to  doctoral research proposals and related research. Extended abstracts  should be submitted directly to the Posters Chair. |  
  
  [ Back ]    

 AICCSA 2013 © - All rights reserved