Home 
  About 
  AiCE 2020 
  AiCE 2019 
  AICE 2013 
  AiCE 2012 
  AiCE 2008 
  AiCE 2005 
  AICE 2002 
  AICE 2000 
  AICE 1999 

 Australian Institute of Computer Ethics   

 AiCE 2020  
 Click here to read the AiCE 2020 Conference Papers.   
 The 9th Conference of the Australasian Institute of Computer Ethics (AiCE) was hosted online by the University of South Australia November 28-December 10 2020.  
 AiCE began over 20 years ago as an organisation that sought to bring a broader focus to computing. Members included engineers, scientists, medical specialists and others who used information and communications technology (ICT) frequently in their professional lives, but would not qualify for membership of a professional ICT society. The conference series [1]   in recent years has focused increasingly on cybersecurity and ethics, whilst still being broad, inviting contributions on a wide variety of ICT ethics.  
 Keynote speakers   
 First Keynote Speaker: Jo Stewart-Rattray.  
 Jo has over 25 years’ experience in the IT field some of which were spent as CIO in the Utilities and as Group CIO in the Tourism space, and with significant experience in the Information Security arena including as CISO in the healthcare sector. She underpins her information technology and security background with her qualifications in education and management.  
  She specialises in consulting in risk and technology issues with a particular emphasis on governance and security in both the commercial and operational areas of businesses. Jo provides strategic advice to organisations across a number of industry sectors including banking and finance, utilities, manufacturing, tertiary education, retail, healthcare and government.  
   
 Jo has extensive board and committee experience. She has chaired a number of ISACA’s international committees including the Board Audit & Risk Committee, Leadership Development and Professional Influence & Advocacy. She served as an Elected Director on ISACA’s international Board of Directors for seven years and was the founder of its global women’s leadership initiative, SheLeadsTech.  
 Second Keynote Speaker: Catherine Flick  
 Dr. Catherine Flick is a Reader in Computing and Social Responsibility at the Centre for Computing and Social Responsibility at De Montfort University. She graduated with a BSc (1st class honours) with majors in Computer Science and History & Philosophy of Science from Sydney University, Australia, while working in industry as a systems administrator and web programmer, and a PhD in Computer Ethics from Charles Sturt University, Australia, with a thesis on informed consent and ICT. Areas of research have involved responsible research and innovation in health and ageing, online child protection, trusted computing, ethics and video games, anonymous technologies and the darknet, and informed consent in ICT. She is a Fellow of the Higher Education Academy with a PGCHE. She is a member of the ACM’s Committee on Professional Ethics and was a committee member of the ACM’s Code of Ethics update team. She is currently work package leader for the Living Innovation project, which look at integrating ethics and responsible innovation into large company business practices, and Responsible Innovation lead in the Intelligent Games and Games Intelligence EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training. In addition, she teaches research methods and computer ethics, and hosts a podcast on ethics and video games called “Not Just A Game”.  
 Steering committee   
 Chair: Professor Matt Warren, Deakin University.  
 Professor Emeritus Marcus Wigan, Oxford Systematics.  
 Professor Oliver Burmeister, Charles Sturt University.  
 Dr Kirsten Wahlstrom, University of South Australia.  
 Organising committee   
 Dr Kirsten Wahlstrom, University of South Australia.  
 Dr Anisha Fernando, South Australian Institute of Business Technology, UniSA.  
 Lena Wang, University of Sydney.  
 Adam Poulsen, Charles Sturt University.  
 Georg Thomas, Charles Sturt University.  
  [1]   This conference is ranked ‘Australasian’ by Computing Research and Education (CORE2018), with the primary classification of ‘Information Systems’. Previously it was ranked ‘B’ by CORE.   

 Contact | Contact AiCE. 

 Blog at WordPress.com.    

 Australian Institute of Computer Ethics 
  Customize 
  Sign up 
  Log in 
  Copy shortlink 
  Report this content 
  Manage subscriptions