About ABEN | Grants and Scholarships 
  Resources & Links 
  ABEN Events 
  Ideas Hub 
  Doctoral Student Lounge 
  Special Interest Groups 

 About ABEN | Grants and Scholarships 
  Resources & Links 
  ABEN Events 
  Ideas Hub 
  Doctoral Student Lounge 
  Special Interest Groups 

 2023 ABEN Conference & HDR Workshop  

 2024 ABEN Annual Conference and HDR workshop 
  ABEN Conference Archive 

 ABEN ANNUAL CONFERENCE   
 Thank you for attending the 13 th  Annual Australasian Business Ethics Network Conference hosted by Macquarie Business School, Macquarie University in the Sydney city campus.  
 Our hybrid event  offering face-to-face presentations and networking along with the option of online presentations was a wonderful experience for participants; with a engaging and inspiring array of presentations.  
     
 Contact Us   
 If you have any general feedback about the conference, please send this through to the conference convenor, Professor Grant Michelson, Macquarie Business School, Sydney grant.michelson@mq.edu.au   
 For specific feedback or questions, please email submissions@aben.org.au   

 Download the ABEN 2023 Annual Conference Program  
 Click Here   

 Conference Themes   
 Our three conference themes can be treated as independent as well as inter-dependent. This is deliberate to ensure sufficient scope and space for debate and dialogue. We welcome broad inter-disciplinary and theoretical/conceptual and empirical contributions; the conference offers a forum through which various ethical and sustainability-oriented challenges in business and society can be discussed.  
 Session Topics  
 In addition to business ethics, corporate social responsibility, and sustainability, the conference invites colleagues and postgraduate students (Masters and PhD) and their topics from a variety of disciplinary areas including, but not limited to, Accounting, Business Education, Economics, Finance, Human Resource Management, Information Systems, International Business, Law, Management, Marketing, and Operations & Supply Chain Management.  
 Sessions can be organised around topics such as but not limited to:  
 Artificial Intelligence (AI); 
  Technology and business ethics; 
  Teaching and business ethics; 
  Ethics in the gig economy; 
  Corporate governance and systemic corruption; 
  Business and human rights; 
  Indigenous rights; 
  Gender equality; and 
  A range of ‘wicked’ problems or grand challenges such as climate change, modern slavery, and poverty. 

 Stakeholders  

 Struggles  

 Solutions  

 The theme of ‘stakeholders’ is well known and frequently used to understand both converging and competing interests among various individuals and collective actors and institutions. Embracing inclusive stakeholders design, we invite colleagues to focus on exploring the interplay between local, regional, national, and international stakeholders and how they can either dis-able or enable meaningful analyses of problems.  

 The theme of ‘struggles’ recognises that ethics is an inherently political process which often precipitates activism by stakeholders to achieve necessary change and innovation. Contestation emerges over different priorities, goals, and desired outcomes. Change isn’t always accepted or welcome due to existing power relationships that benefit from maintenance of the status quo.  

 The theme of ‘solutions’ highlights that stakeholders and those seeking change often propose normative and prescriptive outcomes to meet contemporary ethical and sustainability challenges. We invite colleagues to explore and discuss, with a focus on process and outcomes, how solutions can be designed and implemented; when do they work, under what circumstances, and in what contexts/settings?  

 Submission requirements   
 Short abstract    
 Conference authors are encouraged to submit extended abstracts up to 750 words. Abstracts should be emailed to submissions@aben.org.au   Authors will be notified of acceptance by 4 September  .  
 All submissions to the conference – extended abstracts or full papers – will be peer reviewed.  
 We have received several requests to extend the ABEN Conference Abstract submission date. To ensure you all have enough time and capacity to finalise your work in what we know is a busy teaching period, we decided to  extend the deadlines  for the abstract and full paper submission.  
 Please see below for more details.  
 New Key Dates    
 Deadline for submission of extended abstract – 30 August 2023  
  Deadline for full paper – 10 September 2023  
 The extended abstract should include a title, author(s) name(s) and their institutional affiliation, contact information (email and telephone), main ideas of the paper, and selected bibliography (optional).  
 Full paper    
 It is optional if conference authors wish to submit a full paper  for review by the ABEN committee. This possibility is available if institutional funding requires a full paper to be submitted for consideration.Full papers should be emailed to submissions@aben.org.au   The deadline for a full paper is 10th of September  .  

 Postgraduate and HDR student workshop   
 The Postgraduate and HDR student workshop will be held from 1.30 to 4.30pm (AEDT) on Wednesday 29 th  November at the main campus of Macquarie University in North Ryde. There is no cost to attend the Postgraduate and HDR student workshop which will also be offered in hybrid (face-to-face and online formats).  
 EOIs, short bio and/or research summaries should be sent to Chamila Perera at chamilaperera@swin.edu.au  by 31 October 2023. Registration is free of charge.  
 HDR Support for attending the Conference   
 To encourage HDR engagement in not only the Postgraduate & HDR Workshop, but also the main conference, ABEN will offer a 50% registration fee subsidy for those students who want to 1) only attend or 2) attend and present at the main conference – in-person  .  
 If you are a postgraduate and/or HDR student, please have your supervisor (or relevant subject coordinator) email submissions@aben.org.au   with a short statement of support for your attendance at the ABEN conference. Please ensure you are cc’d into this email. A code for your subsidy will then be emailed directly to you, which can be used on the Eventbrite page when booking your ticket.  
 Also, thanks to the generosity of an ABEN member, we are able to offer a full bursary to research and coursework students who want to:  
 1) only attend or  
 2) attend and present at the main conference – virtually  .  
 If you would like to seize this opportunity, please email submissions@aben.org.au   with a few statements explaining why you would like to attend the ABEN virtual conference.  

 Additional Funding Opportunities for PhD  Students   

 Jan Schapper scholarship in critical business ethics   

 Ecstra  Foundation   

 As in previous years, the Jan Schapper Scholarship in Critical Business Ethics is being offered for a PhD student, early career researcher or other worthy recipient. Read More    
 It comprises a $1,000 bursary and the waiving of the ABEN conference registration fee. The Scholarship was founded in 2015 to encourage critical approaches to business ethics at the ABEN annual meeting.  
 If you would like to be considered for the scholarship, please indicate this when registering for the ABEN conference. Eligible participants should submit a full paper to submissions@aben.org.au  by 1 October 2023 with the email subject: Jan Schapper Scholarship. Papers are expected to be 8-10,000 words including references, tables, and figures. A decision on the award will be made by independent judges prior to the Annual conference 2023.  

 Ecstra Foundation, is offering up to $10,000 scholarship, in the form of either two research grants of AU$5,000 or one $10,000 depending on the quality and scope of the project/s. Read More    
 The purpose of this scheme is to stimulate research in this area, particularly amongst scholars able to bring sound ethical perspectives to bear on issues of practical concern in finance.  
 Submissions for the grant scheme are open until 1 October 2023. The selection process will be conducted by independent judges, and the decision announced at the conference. Submissions will be evaluated on their relevance to ethical decision making in financial markets with preference to submissions that have practical relevance and application.  
 Grants are competitive and applicants are expected to present findings at the 2024 ABEN  
  conference. Please send your submission to submissions@aben.org.au  and include ABEN – ECSTRA Grant Proposal in the email subject.  

 Registration – Early Bird Registration by 31 October 2023   
  It is essential for all participants including delegates, speakers, and guests to register online with payment of the applicable registration fee. Registration details will be provided by 1 September 2023.  
 Register Now for the Conference and HDR workshop  
 The registration for our event is hosted by Eventbrite. To register, please click here   
 Registration Fees  
  
 E  arly  Bird  Before   
 31  October | After  October 31 | Conference Dinner   
 30 November | HDR Workshop  Only 
 In person* – full | $250 | $300 | $65 |  
 In person – student | $180 | $220 | $65 | Free 
 Virtual – full | $100 | $120 |  
 Virtual** – student | $80 | $100 | Free 
  
 *In-person registration fees include catering (lunches and teas) but exclude the conference dinner.  
 **Students wishing to take advantage of the bursary to participate on-line for free, should have their supervisor or subject coordinator email submissions@aben.org.au  with a short statement of support.  

 Key Dates   
 Call for Papers – Now open submissions@aben.org.au   
 Registrations open via Eventbrite – 20 June 2023  
 REVISED  Deadline for submission of extended abstract – 30 August 2023  
 REVISED  Deadline for full paper – 1o September 2023  
 Notification of accepted extended abstract – 4 September 2023  
 Notification of accepted full paper – 30 September 2023  
 Deadline for Submissions for Jan Schapper Scholarship & Ecstra Grant – 1 October 2023  
 Deadline for Submissions to Postgraduate and HDR Student Workshop – 31 October 2023  

 ABEN 2023 Conference Organising Committee   
 Conference Convener: Professor Grant Michelson  
 HDR Coordinator: Dr Chamila Perera  
 Chair: Dr Alessandro Bressan  
 Deputy Chair: Dr Alice Gibson  
 Secretary: Dr Sanjukta Choudhury-Kaul  
 Dr Felicity Small  

 ABEN 2023 Advisory Committee   
 Dr Saima Ahmad  
 Duncan Brown  
 Assoc Prof Tim Butcher  
 Dr Melissa Wheeler  
 Dr Alain Neher  

 Don’t forget to follow us on    

 You can also find us here:   

 Search the site:   

 Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2024 | Privacy Policy     

    Start typing and press Enter to search