Sign in  | Create an account     
 PhilPapers   PhilPeople   PhilArchive   PhilEvents   PhilJobs     

    Syntax 
  Advanced Search 

 New | All new items 
  Books 
  Journal articles 
  Manuscripts 
  Topics | All Categories 
  Metaphysics and Epistemology | Metaphysics and Epistemology 
  Epistemology 
  Metaphilosophy 
  Metaphysics 
  Philosophy of Action 
  Philosophy of Language 
  Philosophy of Mind 
  Philosophy of Religion 
  M&E, Misc 
  Value Theory | Value Theory 
  Aesthetics 
  Applied Ethics 
  Meta-Ethics 
  Normative Ethics 
  Philosophy of Gender, Race, and Sexuality 
  Philosophy of Law 
  Social and Political Philosophy 
  Value Theory, Miscellaneous 
  Science, Logic, and Mathematics | Science, Logic, and Mathematics 
  Logic and Philosophy of Logic 
  Philosophy of Biology 
  Philosophy of Cognitive Science 
  Philosophy of Computing and Information 
  Philosophy of Mathematics 
  Philosophy of Physical Science 
  Philosophy of Social Science 
  Philosophy of Probability 
  General Philosophy of Science 
  Philosophy of Science, Misc 
  History of Western Philosophy | History of Western Philosophy 
  Ancient Greek and Roman Philosophy 
  Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy 
  17th/18th Century Philosophy 
  19th Century Philosophy 
  20th Century Philosophy 
  History of Western Philosophy, Misc 
  Philosophical Traditions | Philosophical Traditions 
  African/Africana Philosophy 
  Asian Philosophy 
  Continental Philosophy 
  European Philosophy 
  Philosophy of the Americas 
  Philosophical Traditions, Miscellaneous 
  Philosophy, Misc | Philosophy, Misc 
  Philosophy, Introductions and Anthologies 
  Philosophy, General Works 
  Teaching Philosophy 
  Philosophy, Miscellaneous 
  Other Academic Areas | Other Academic Areas 
  Natural Sciences 
  Social Sciences 
  Cognitive Sciences 
  Formal Sciences 
  Arts and Humanities 
  Professional Areas 
  Other Academic Areas, Misc 
  Journals 
   Submit material | Submit a book or article 
  Upload a bibliography 
  Personal page tracking 
  Archives we track 
  Information for publishers 
  More | Introduction 
  Submitting to PhilPapers 
  Frequently Asked Questions 
  Subscriptions 
  Editor's Guide 
  The Categorization Project 
  For Publishers 
  For Archive Admins 
  Contact us 
  PhilPapers Surveys 
  API 
  Bargain Finder 
  About PhilPapers 
    
    Syntax 
  Advanced Search 

 Sign in 
  Create an account 

 Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 5: Papers From the Fifth Aiml Conference, Held in Manchester, 9-11 September 2004   
 Renate A. Schmidt   , Ian Pratt-Hartmann   , Mark Reynolds   & Heinrich Wansing   (eds.)   
 London, England: King's College Publications ( 2005  ) @book{Schmidt2005-SCHAIM-12 address = {London, England}, editor = {Renate A. Schmidt and Ian Pratt{-}Hartmann and Mark Reynolds and Heinrich Wansing}, publisher = {King's College Publications}, title = {Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 5: Papers From the Fifth Aiml Conference, Held in Manchester, 9-11 September 2004}, year = {2005} }  Schmidt, Renate A. ; Pratt-Hartmann, Ian ; Reynolds, Mark & Wansing, Heinrich (eds.) (2005). Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 5: Papers From the Fifth Aiml Conference, Held in Manchester, 9-11 September 2004. London, England: King's College Publications.     
  Copy   B  IB  T E  X        
   
 Abstract  
 Modal logic is one of the most widely applied logical formalisms. Systems of modal logic are being used in many disciplines, ranging from artificial intelligence, computer science, mathematics, formal grammar and semantics to philosophy. This volume presents substantial recent advances in the relational and the algorithmic treatment of modal logics. It contains papers from the fifth conference on "Advances in Modal logic," held in Manchester (UK) in September 2004. Written by leading experts in the field, the present book is indispensable for any advanced student and researcher in pure and applied modal logic.   
     Cite   Plain text     BibTeX     Formatted text   Zotero   EndNote   Reference Manager   RefWorks      
  Options    Edit     Mark as duplicate     Find it on Scholar     Request removal from index     Revision history       

 Author's Profile  
     
 Heinrich Wansing  Ruhr-Universität Bochum   

 Categories  
     
 Modal and Intensional Logic  in  Logic and Philosophy of Logic    

 Keywords  
     
 axioms for logic of knowledge    

 Reprint years  

 ISBN(s)  
   
 9781904987222 1904987222   

 Other Versions  
 No versions found  

  Links  
 PhilArchive  
 This entry is not archived by us. If you are the author and have permission from the publisher, we recommend that you archive it. Many publishers automatically grant permission to authors to archive pre-prints. By uploading a copy of your work, you will enable us to better index it, making it easier to find.  
   
  Upload a copy of this work  Papers currently archived: 98,837   

 External links  
 Google Books  (no proxy) 
    
 Setup an account with your affiliations  in order to access resources via your University's proxy server   
 Through your library  
 Sign in / register | and customize your OpenURL resolver 
  Configure custom resolver 

 My notes  
 Sign in to use this feature    

 Similar books and articles  
 Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 2: Papers From the Second Aiml Conference, Held at the University of Uppsala, Sweden, October 1998.   Michael Zakharyaschev   , Krister Segerberg   , Maarten de Rijke   & Heinrich Wansing   (eds.) - 2001  - Stanford, CA, USA: Center for the Study of Language and Inf.    
 Recent Advances in Proof Systems for Modal Logic.   Sara Negri   - 2014  - In Rajeev Goré, Barteld Kooi & Agi Kurucz (eds.), Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 10: Papers From the Tenth Aiml Conference, Held in Groningen, the Netherlands, August 2014   . London, England: CSLI Publications. pp. 421-422.    
 Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 4: Papers From the Fourth Aiml Conference, Held in Toulouse, October 2002.   Philippe Balbiani   , Nobu-Yuki Suzuki   & Frank Wolter   (eds.) - 2003  - London, England: King's College Publications.    
 Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 6: Papers From the Sixth Conference on Advances in Modal Logic, Held in Noosa, Queensland, Australia, 25-28 September 2006.   Guido Governatori   , Ian Hodkinson   & Yde Venema   - 1998  - London, England: College Publications.    
 Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 1: Papers From the First Aiml Conference, Held at the Free University of Berlin, 1996.   Marcus Kracht   , Maarten de Rijke   , Heinrich Wansing   & Michael Zakharyaschev   (eds.) - 1998  - Cambridge, England: Cambridge University Press.    
 Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 7: Papers From the Seventh Advances in Modal Logic Conference, Held in Nancy, France, September 2008.   Carlos Areces   & Robert Goldblatt   (eds.) - 2008  - London, England: College Publications.    
 Modal Independence Logic.   Juha Kontinen   , Julian-Steffen Müller   , Henning Schnoor   & Heribert Vollmer   - 2014  - In Rajeev Goré, Barteld Kooi & Agi Kurucz (eds.), Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 10: Papers From the Tenth Aiml Conference, Held in Groningen, the Netherlands, August 2014   . London, England: CSLI Publications. pp. 353-372.    
 A Hennessy-Milner Property for Many-Valued Modal Logics.   Michel Marti   & George Metcalfe   - 2014  - In Rajeev Goré, Barteld Kooi & Agi Kurucz (eds.), Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 10: Papers From the Tenth Aiml Conference, Held in Groningen, the Netherlands, August 2014   . London, England: CSLI Publications. pp. 407-420.    
 Label-free Modular Systems for Classical and Intuitionistic Modal Logics.   Sonia Marin   & Lutz Straßburger   - 2014  - In Rajeev Goré, Barteld Kooi & Agi Kurucz (eds.), Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 10: Papers From the Tenth Aiml Conference, Held in Groningen, the Netherlands, August 2014   . London, England: CSLI Publications. pp. 387-406.    
 The Expressive Power of Modal Dependence Logic.   Lauri Hella   , Kerkko Luosto   , Katsuhiko Sano   & Jonni Virtema   - 2014  - In Rajeev Goré, Barteld Kooi & Agi Kurucz (eds.), Advances in Modal Logic, Volume 10: Papers From the Tenth Aiml Conference, Held in Groningen, the Netherlands, August 2014   . London, England: CSLI Publications. pp. 294-312.    

 Analytics  
 Added to PP   
  2021-11-17  
   
  Downloads   
  9  (#1,477,516)  
   
  6 months   
  3 (#1,443,177)  

 Historical graph of downloads    
   
 How can I increase my downloads?    

 Author's Profile  
     
 Heinrich Wansing  Ruhr-Universität Bochum   

 Citations of this work  
 No citations found.  
  Add more citations   

 References found in this work  
 No references found.  
  Add more references   

 loading ..   

 Applied ethics | Epistemology | History of Western Philosophy | Meta-ethics | Metaphysics | Normative ethics 
 Philosophy of biology | Philosophy of language | Philosophy of mind | Philosophy of religion | Science Logic and Mathematics | More ... 

 Home  | New books and articles  | Bibliographies  | Philosophy journals  | About PhilPapers  | API  | Contact us  | Code of conduct    

  PhilPapers logo by Andrea Andrews  and Meghan Driscoll  .   
 This site uses cookies and Google Analytics (see our terms & conditions  for details regarding the privacy implications).  
   
  Use of this site is subject to terms & conditions  .  
  All rights reserved by The PhilPapers Foundation   
   
  Server: philpapers-web-6f9648bdd6-9f52p uwo