AIST 2020  Program 
  CFP 
  Committees 
  Sponsors 
  Past events 
  Toggle menu    

  On this page  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS 
  Past Conferences 
  Tracks 
  Important Dates 
  Publication 
  Venue 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Contact Information 

 AIST 2020   
  Online, Russia,  
  October 15-16, 2020.   
 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 We invite you to submit a paper to AIST-2020, a scientific conference on Analysis of Images, Social Networks, and Texts. The conference is intended for researchers and practitioners interested in data science focusing on innovative applications of data mining and machine learning techniques to image processing, analysis of social networks, text processing, and other domains, such as economics or geographic information systems.  
 The previous conferences in 2012-2019 attracted a significant number of students, researchers, academics, and engineers working on the analysis of images, texts, and social networks. The broad scope of AIST makes it an event where researchers from different domains, exploiting various data analysis techniques, can meet and exchange ideas. The conference allows specialists from different fields to meet each other, present their work, and discuss both theoretical and practical aspects of their data analysis problems.  
 Past Conferences  
 Similar to the previous years, the conference proceedings will be published in the Springer’s in Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. You can take a look at the proceedings of the last three years to get an idea about what kind of papers are accepted and what kind of topics are discussed at the conference:  
 AIST 2019: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 11832 | and | Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 1086 
  AIST 2018: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 11179 
  AIST 2017: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 10716 
  AIST 2016: | Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 661 
  AIST 2015: | Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 542 
  AIST 2014: | Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 436 
  Tracks  
 The conference will feature six tracks:  
 Data Analysis and Machine Learning 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Social Network Analysis 
  Computer Vision 
  Theoretical Machine Learning and Optimization 
  Process Mining 
  The list of topics relevant to these tracks is including but is not limited to:  
 Analysis of images and videos 
  Computational linguistics 
  Core data mining and machine learning techniques 
  Data analysis in geoinformation systems 
  Deep learning applications 
  Discovering and analyzing processes using event data 
  Educational data mining 
  Game analytics 
  Machine learning and data mining for economics and social sciences 
  Natural language processing and applications 
  Optimization problems in complex networks 
  Optimization models in data science 
  Recommender systems and collaborative technologies 
  Semantic web and ontologies 
  Social network analysis 
  Important Dates  
  
 Abstract deadline | July 1  July 8, 2020 
 Submission deadline | July 15  July 22, 2020 
 Notification of acceptance | September 15, 2020 
 Camera-ready papers due | October 1, 2020 
 Conference dates | October 15 – 16, 2020 
  
  All deadlines are 11.59 pm UTC -12h  ("anywhere on Earth").  
 Publication  
 AIST-2020 proceedings will be published in Springer LNCS ( Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ). The companion volume will be published in the satellite series CCIS ( Communications in Computer and Information Science  ).  
 Please pay attention to the publisher’s Editorial Policies  .  
 Venue  
 The conference will be held online with the support of Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology (Skoltech).  
 Submission Guidelines  
 All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. The following paper categories are welcome:  
 Full papers describing completed research up to 12 pages of content with references. Posters describing ongoing research up to 6 pages of content with references. The papers must be formatted according to the Springer LNCS style  . LaTeX template of the Springer LNCS is available at ShareLaTeX platform  . We encourage you to use the LaTeX template instead of the Word template. For further information please also read “Author instructions”   
 Papers should be submitted through the EasyChair conference management system  . Submitted papers should provide sufficient detail to allow the Program Committee to assess the merits of the paper on the basis of technical quality, relevance to the conference topics, originality, significance, and clarity of presentation. Papers should present original work previously not published or concurrently submitted to another conference or journal. Each paper will be reviewed by at least three PC members. To ensure a fair assessment of the submissions, the review will be double-blind, so you need to make your paper anonymous (remove links to your personal pages, acknowledgements, affiliations, etc.).  
 Contact Information  
 e-mail: | org@aistconf.org 

 Follow: 
  Facebook 
  Instagram 
  VK 
    
 © 2024 AIST. Powered by Jekyll  & Minimal Mistakes  .