Skip to main content    
       
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 

 Journals 
  Books 
  SIAM Engage 
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 
   
 SIAM News 
  Activity Groups 
  Prizes & Awards 
  Log In 
   
 Publications | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Journals | SIAM Review 
  Multiscale Modeling and Simulation: A SIAM Interdisciplinary Journal 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Algebra and Geometry 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Dynamical Systems 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Computing 
  SIAM Journal on Control and Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Financial Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematics of Data Science 
  SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications 
  SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing 
  SIAM / ASA Journal on Uncertainty Quantification 
  Theory of Probability and Its Applications 
  SIAM Undergraduate Research Online 
  SIAM Books  Our textbooks and monographs are indispensable to researchers, faculty, and students around the world.  SIAM Books 
  SIAM News  The newsjournal of SIAM, covering cutting-edge research and the state of the art in applied mathematics and computational science.  SIAM News 
  Reports 
  Proceedings 
  Subscriptions & Ordering 
  Programs & Initiatives | Toggle sub-menu | Programs | Gene Golub SIAM Summer School 
  Visiting Lecturer Program 
  MathWorks Math Modeling (M3) Challenge 
  SIAM-Simons Undergraduate Summer Research Program 
  SIAM Science Policy Fellowship 
  MGB-SIAM Early Career Fellowship 
  SIAM Postdoctoral Support Program 
  Graduate Student Mathematical Modeling Camp and Mathematical Problems in Industry Workshop 
  See All Programs 
  Professional Development | Careers in Applied Mathematics 
  Career Resources 
  Job Board 
  Internships 
  Prizes and Awards | Deadline Calendar 
  SIAM Fellows Program 
  Policy & Procedures 
  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair!  Happening in person March 4, 2025 during CSE25.  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair! 
  Industry 
  Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion 
  Education Resources 
  Science Policy 
  Conferences & Events | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Conferences | More Events by Type 
  Section Meetings 
  Webinars & Seminars 
  Workshops 
  Career Fairs 
  Cooperating Conferences 
  Archive 
  See all Events 
  Conference Support | Travel & Registration Support 
  Child Care Grants 
  About SIAM Conferences & Events | For Sponsors & Exhibitors 
  Conference Guidelines 
  Featured Videos & Lectures 
  Submit Now for SIAM AN25!  The Third Joint SIAM/CAIMS Annual Meetings is happening July 28 - August 1, 2025 in Montréal, Québec, Canada.  Submit Now for SIAM AN25! 
  Membership | Toggle sub-menu | Individual Membership | Join 14,000 applied mathematicians and computational and data scientists from around the world. 
  Learn More 
  Institutional Membership | Create a custom subscription of four or more journals and your institution can become a free SIAM academic member, receiving up to a 27.5% discount on journal list prices. 
  Learn More 
  Member Support & FAQ | Questions about our membership types, benefits, how to automatically renew, or something else? 
  Get Your Questions Answered 
  Get Involved | Toggle sub-menu | Connect with a Community | Activity Groups 
  Sections 
  Student Chapters 
  SIAM Engage Online Community 
  Ways to Participate | Serve on Committees 
  Become an Author, Editor, or Referee 
  Nominate for Prizes 
  Network and Present at a Conference 
  Write for SIAM News 
  Ways to Support | Donate to SIAM 
  Spread the Word 
  Become a Sponsor 
  About Us | Toggle sub-menu | Overview 
  Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Bylaws & Reports 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Join SIAM 
  Contact Us 

 Back to top     
   
 Home 
  Conferences & Events 
  Past Event Archive 
  ALENEX23 

 Hybrid   
 SIAM Conferences   
   
 SIAM Symposium on Algorithm Engineering and Experiments (ALENEX23)  
 View Program  View Speaker List    
   
 Event Details  
 January 22 –  23 , 2023 
  Florence, Italy 

 About the Conference  
 The aim of ALENEX is to provide a forum for the presentation of original research in the design, implementation, and experimental evaluation of algorithms and data structures. Typical submissions will include an extensive experimental analysis of nontrivial algorithmic results, ideally bridging the gap between theory and practice. We also invite submissions that address methodological issues and standards in the experimental evaluation of algorithms and data structures.  
 Relevant areas of applied algorithmic research include but are not limited to databases; geometry; graphs and networks, including web applications; operations research; combinatorial aspects of scientific computing; and computational problems in the natural sciences or engineering.  
 Also encouraged are submissions that address algorithms and data structures for advanced models of computing, including memory hierarchies and parallel computing, ranging from instruction parallelism over multicore computing to high-performance and cloud computing.  
 Proceedings will be published openly and electronically in January 2023 as SIAM ePubs. ALENEX is supported by SIAM.  
 ALENEX is co-located with the meetings listed below. Since researchers in all fields are approaching the problem of learning detailed information about the performance of particular algorithms, we expect that interesting synergies will develop.  
 The following meetings will be held jointly:  
  ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA23)   
  Algorithm Engineering and Experiments (ALENEX23)   
  SIAM Symposium on Algorithmic Principles of Computer Systems (APOCS23)   
  SIAM Symposium on Simplicity in Algorithms (SOSA23)   
 Program Committee Chairs  
 Gonzalo Navarro  , University of Chile, Chile  
  Julian Shun  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology, U.S.  
 Program Committee  
 Ariful Azad  , Indiana University Bloomington, U.S.  
  Timo Bingmann  , eBay, U.S.  
  Laxman Dhulipala  , University of Maryland, College Park, U.S.  
  Guilherme Dias da Fonseca  , Aix-Marseille University, France  
  Susana Ladra Gonzalez  , Universidade da Coruña, Spain  
  Michael Goodrich  , University of California, Irvine, U.S.  
  Juha Karkkainen  , University of Helsinki, Finland  
  Dominik Krupke  , Technische Universität Braunschweig, Germany  
  Changwan Hong  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology, U.S.  
  Jakub Lacki  , Google, U.S.  
  Quanquan Liu  , Northwestern University, U.S.  
  Giovanni Manzini  , University of Eastern Piedmont, Italy  
  Ulrich Meyer  , Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany  
  Christian Schulz  , Universität Heidelberg, Germany  
  Edgar Solomonik  , University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, U.S  
  Kanat Tangwongsan  , Mahidol University, Thailand  
  Helen Xu  , Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, U.S  
 Steering Committee Chair  
 Peter Sanders  , Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany  
 Steering Committee  
 Guy Blelloch  , Carnegie Mellon University, U.S.  
  Martin Farach-Colton  , Rutgers University, U.S.  
  Irene Finocchi  , LUISS University, Rome, Italy  
  Piotr Indyk  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology, U.S.  
  Petra Mutzel  , Bonn University, Germany  
  Cynthia Phillips  , Sandia National Laboratory, U.S.  
  Sabine Storandt  , Konstanz University, Germany  

 Stay Up-to-Date with Email Alerts  
 Sign up for our monthly newsletter and emails about other topics of your choosing.  
   
 Email Address     
 Sign Up Now     

   3600 Market Street  6th Floor  Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA   Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  LinkedIn 

 About SIAM | Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Code of Conduct 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Jobs at SIAM 
  Contact Us 
  Membership | Member Benefits 
  Become a Member 
  Renew Your Membership 
  Connect with a Community 
  Ways to Participate 
  Jobs in STEM 
  Share & Support | Newsroom 
  Advertise with Us 
  Become a Sponsor 
  Post a Job 
  Information for Librarians 
  Subscribe to Our Emails 
   
 © 2024 Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics   
 Terms & Conditions 
  Privacy