Skip to content    ALGO 2023   
   
        Home  Home 
  ALGOCLOUD 
  ALGOWIN | (former ALGOSENSORS) 
  ATMOS 
  IPEC 
  ESA 
  WAOA 
  Local Info 
  Registration 
  Schedule 
  Social Program 

 ALGOWIN  
 2023   

 Starting from 2023 the ALGOSENSORS  event adopts a broader scope of wireless networks in general and its new acronym becomes ALGOWIN.  
 Scope  
 The International Symposium on Algorithmics of Wireless Networks  (ALGOWIN) is an international symposium dedicated to the algorithmic aspects of wireless networks. Originally focused on sensor networks, it now covers algorithmic issues arising in wireless networks of all types of computational entities, static or mobile, including sensor networks, sensor-actuator networks, autonomous robots. The focus is on the design and analysis of algorithms, models of computation, and experimental analysis.  
  ALGOWIN 2023 will be held in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. It will be part of ALGO 2023  , which also hosts ALGOCLOUD  , ATMOS  , ESA  , IPEC  and WAOA  .  
 Invited Speaker  
 Sándor P. Fekete  , Technische Universität Braunschweig  
   Title:  Coordinated Motion Planning: Reconfiguring a Swarm of Robots  
 Abstract:   
 How do we coordinate the motion of many robots, vehicles, aircraft, or people? If each mobile agent has a destination in mind, how can it find an efficient route that avoids collisions with other agents as they simultaneously move to their destinations? These basic questions arise in many application domains, such as ground swarm robotics, aerial swarm robotics, air traffic control, warehouse management, and vehicular traffic networks. They also have a long tradition in Computational Geometry, reaching back at least until the seminal work of Schwartz and Sharir from the early 1980s.  
 In this talk, we consider a number of different algorithmic results. Starting with a labeled set of robots on a grid, we aim to minimize the total time for letting each agent reach its destination. We show that we can always achieve constant stretch, i.e., compute a well-choreographed set of trajectories in which the total time until completion is within a multiplicative constant of the largest initial distance. For settings in which the swarm needs to stay connected at all time, there are two additional sets of results, based on different approaches. In addition, we sketch some results for reconfiguring a swarm when agents do not have individual control, but have to follow uniform global forces.  
 Important Dates  
 Full Paper Submission (EXTENDED DEADLINE): | June 11, 2023 (AoE) | , | June 26, 2023 (AoE) | June 30 2023 (AoE) 
  Notification to authors: August 1, 2023 
  Camera-ready submission: September 30, 2023 
  Conference dates: AlgoWin September 7-8, 2023 
  Call for Papers  
 Original research contributions are solicited related to diverse algorithmic aspects of sensor networks, wireless networks, broadly construed, as well as distributed robotics, including the theoretical, experimental and application perspectives.  
 Topics  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Ad Hoc Networks 
  Autonomous Mobile Robots 
  Communication Protocols 
  Complexity and Computability 
  Computational Models 
  Data Aggregation and Fusion 
  Distributed Aspects of Group Search 
  Dynamic Networks, Temporal Graphs 
  Energy Management, Power Saving Schemes 
  Fault Tolerance and Dependability 
  Game Theoretic Aspects 
  Infrastructure Discovery 
  Internet of Things 
  Localization 
  Medium Access Control 
  Mobility and Dynamics 
  Obstacle Avoidance 
  Pattern Formation 
  Performance Evaluation, Experimental Analysis 
  Population Protocols, Swarm Computing 
  Resource Efficiency 
  RFID Algorithms 
  Routing and Data Propagation 
  Self-stabilization, Self-* Properties 
  Sensor Networks 
  Systems and Testbeds 
  Time Synchronization 
  Topology Control 
  Tracking 
  Unmanned Autonomous Entities 
  Virtual Infrastructures 
  Accepted Papers & Program  
 The ALGOWIN program is available here  .  
 Run for Cover: Dominating Set via Mobile Agents   
  Prabhat Chand, Anisur Rahaman Molla and Sumathi Sivasubramaniam  
 Fair Scheduling Under Packet Management: Competitive Analysis of Age of Information   
  Chen-Rui Jien and Tung-Wei Kuo  
 Temporal Reachability Dominating Sets: contagion in temporal graphs   
  David C. Kutner and Laura Larios-Jones  
 Byzantine Fault-Tolerant Protocols for $(n, f)$-evacuation from a Circle   
  Pourandokht Behrouz, Orestis Konstantinidis, Nikos Leonardos, Aris Pagourtzis, Ioannis Papaioannou and Marianna Spyrakou  
 WUBBLE: Energy Efficient BLE Neighborhood Discovery Leveraging Wake-up Radio  
   Nour El Hoda Djidi, Damien Wohwe Sambo, Matthieu Gautier, Olivier Berder and Nathalie Mitton  
 Minimum Degree and Connectivity in 1-Dimensional Line of Sight Networks   
  Hankang Gu and Michele Zito  
 Mutual Visibility with ASYNC Luminous Robots having Inaccurate Movements   
  Subhajit Pramanick, Saswata Jana, Adri Bhattacharya and Partha Sarathi Mandal  
 Dispatching the Minimum Number of UAVs in Neighborhood IoT Networks   
  Sajjad Ghobadi and Cristina M. Pinotti  
 Conflict Resolution in Arbitrary Hypergraphs   
  Annalisa De Bonis  
 Segment Visibility for $k$-transmitters   
  Yeganeh Bahoo, Somnath Kundu and Kody Manastyrski  
 Committees  
 Chairs  
 Evangelos Kranakis | , Carleton University, Canada 
  Konstantinos Georgiou | , Toronto Metropolitan University, Canada 
  Program Committee  
 Evangelos Bampas, Université Paris-Saclay 
  Jérémie Chalopin, CNRS-LIS 
  Marek Chrobak, University of California Riverside 
  Stefan Dobrev, Slovak Academy 
  Shlomi Dolev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev 
  Olga Goussevskaia, Federal University of Minas Gerais 
  Ralf Klasing, CNRS Bordeaux 
  Dariusz Kowalski, Augusta University 
  Danny Krizanc, Wesleyan University 
  Arnaud Labourel, Aix-Marseille Université 
  Flaminia Luccio, Ca’ Foscari University 
  Euripides Markou, University of Thessaly 
  Conrado Martínez, Univ. Politècnica de Catalunya 
  Othon Michail, University of Liverpool 
  Avery Miller, University of Manitoba 
  Nathalie Mitton, Inria Lille-Nord Europe 
  Aris Pagourtzis, National Technical University of Athens 
  Boaz Patt-Shamir, Tel Aviv University 
  Cristina M. Pinotti, University of Perugia 
  Giuseppe Prencipe, University of Pisa 
  Sergio Rajsbaum, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México 
  Christian Scheideler, Paderborn University 
  Jukka Suomela, Aalto University 
  Sebastian Tixeuil, Sorbonne Université 
  Prudence Wong, University Liverpool 
  Proceedings  
 The conference proceedings have been published in the Springer “Lecture Notes in Computer Science” series as LNCS volume 14061 .  Springer are kindly providing free online access to the proceedings for four weeks (until 15/01/2024):  
 https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-48882-5   
 Special Issue  
 Selected papers will be invited to a special issue of Theoretical Computer Science.  
 Awards  
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper. To be eligible for the best student paper award, at least one of the paper authors must be a full-time student at the time of submission, and the student(s) must have made a significant contribution to the paper. The program committee may decline to make these awards or may split them.  
 Paper Submission  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically using the EasyChair server  . The submissions must contain original results that have not already been published and are not concurrently submitted to a journal or conference with published proceedings. By submitting a paper, the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance at least one of the authors will register for ALGO/ALGOWIN 2023 and present the paper.  
 Submissions must be in the form of a single pdf file prepared using the LNCS latex templates and style files (available, together with Springer’s authors’ guidelines, from https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  ). Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available on Overleaf ( https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/springer-lecture-notes-in-computer-science/kzwwpvhwnvfj#.WsdHOy5uZpg  ).  
 Each submission should consist of the main part of the paper, not exceeding 12 pages (including the title page and excluding the references), plus an optional clearly marked appendix (to be read at the discretion of the program committee). Any figure pertaining to the main part of the paper should be included therein (within the 12 page limit). The first page must include an indication of whether the paper is eligible for the best student paper award.  

 ALGO 2023   
   
 Imprint   
 Privacy Policy   
   
 Powered by WordPress