HOME 
  CALLS 
  PROGRAMME | TIMETABLE 
  PROGRAMME 
  SPECIAL SESSIONS 
  WORKSHOPS 
  TUTORIALS 
  KEYNOTE SPEAKERS 
  STUDENT LITERATURE CONTEST 
  ALIFE 2023 Public Event 
  Art Exhibition: unconscious relationship 
  Satellite Workshop: Machine Love and Human Flourishing 
  Awards 
  REGISTRATION | REGISTRATION 
  STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP & VOLUNTEER 
  COMMITTEE 
  VENUE 

 MENU  

 The 2023 Conference on Artificial Life  
  24-28th July, 2023   
  Sapporo, Japan  

 ALIFE2023 Public Event  
 "Life and Consciousness, Artificial and Natural"  
 Ted Chiang (Science fiction writer) x Anil Seth (Neuroscientist; University of Sussex)  
    
 Read more   

 UPDATES  
  
  Timetable  and Programme  are now ready.  
   
  Student scholarship application is now closed  .  
   
  Registration is now open on Registration  .  
   
  IMPORTANT:  Attendees planning to participate in the conference are urged to make hotel reservations promptly. Although some hotel accommodations will be available for booking during registration, please be aware that the number of rooms is limited.  
   
  Hotel information is now available on Venue  page!  
 Important Dates  
  
  1 May :  Paper and Abstract Notification 
  11 May :  Registration Open 
  2 June :  Early Bird Registration Close 
  20 July : | Registration Close 
   
  THEME  
 Conference Theme  
 Ghost in the machine  
 Artificial life seeks to unravel the mysteries of life and mind, to naturalise the “ghost in the machine” . What is life? What is the mind? Are these two concepts related?  
   
  These ghosts are however elusive, and difficult to identify or even just define at times. To try and learn more about the mind, research in artificial life and other related fields has more recently focused on studies of complexity, emergence,agency, autonomy, or information theory. As a results, this has led to major advancements in robotics, synthetic biology and artificial intelligence, among others. The main research programs in these areas however seem to be simply forgetting about the mind, rather than trying to explain it.  
   
  At the same time, with the advent of new technologies such as brain-machine interface, cyborgization, virtual/augmented reality and the metaverse, the boundaries between agents/living organisms and their environment have began fluctuating. Minds are no longer in our (living organism) shells, expanding beyond current spatial boundaries and into a new form of the “extended mind” hypothesis. At ALIFE 2023, we will bring back the focus to studies of the mind, facing the challenges and embracing the opportunities that come with studies of an often neglected but ever so important concept in both artificial life research and our daily lives.  

 Tweets by ALifeConf    
   
 ALIFE conference   

 KEYNOTE SPEAKERS  
    
 Jun Tani  
 Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology  

 Malika Auvray  
 Institute of Intelligent Systems and Robotics (ISIR), Sorbonne-University, CNRS  

 David Wolpert  
 Santa Fe Institute  

 Pamela Lyon  
 Independent scholar  

 Yuji Ikegaya  
 The University of Tokyo  

 Anil Seth  
 The University of Sussex  

 Ted Chiang  
 Science fiction writer  

 Supporters  
 ALIFE 2023 is generously supported by  
           
 Contact Information  
 For any inquiries, please contact the conference organizers:  
 alife2023@googlegroups.com   

 © 2023.alife. All Rights Reserved.  
  
 This website uses cookies by Google and other affiliated services for the convenience of customers using the website and track browsing. By continuing to use this website you agree to us placing cookies on your computer.  Accept  Reject      
 You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.  Revoke consent