Skip to main content      
           AMIA Homepage     

 My Account 
  Login 
    
      Search     
 Toggle navigation         

                                                                                         AMIA Homepage     

      Join AMIA    
   
      Quick Links   
 Members-only 
  AMIA Connect 
  Knowledge Center 
  JAMIA 
  ACI Journal 
    
        My Account     
 Login    

     Search     

 About AMIA | About AMIA   Leadership and Governance  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  Partner with AMIA  AMIA 25x5  Why Informatics?  Donate  Awards  Staff  Contact Us 
  Membership | Membership   Individual Membership  Academic Forum  Corporate Partnership & Membership  Health System Membership  Student Center  Why AMIA? 
  Communities | Communities   Working Groups  AF Communities  Fellows of ACMI (FACMI)  Fellows of AMIA (FAMIA)  Nursing Informatics  Physicians in AMIA  Women In AMIA 
  Education &  Events | Education & Events   Education Catalog  10x10 Virtual Courses  Clinical Informatics Board Review Course  AMIA Health Informatics Review Course (ARC)  Health Informatics Essentials  Artificial Intelligence Showcase  Annual Symposium  Clinical Informatics Conference  Informatics Summit  Calendar  AMIA Knowledge Center 
  Careers &  Certifications | Careers & Certifications   Informatics Academic Programs  Clinical Informatics Subspecialty  AMIA Health Informatics Certification (AHIC)  Certification  Careers 
  News &  Publications | News & Publications   Journals  Press Room  AMIA News Center  Podcasts  Advertising 
  Public Policy | Public Policy   Current Policy Priorities  Public Policy Principles  AMIA in Action  Day on Capitol Hill 

 About AMIA | About AMIA   Leadership and Governance  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  Partner with AMIA  AMIA 25x5  Why Informatics?  Donate  Awards  Staff  Contact Us 
  Membership | Membership   Individual Membership  Academic Forum  Corporate Partnership & Membership  Health System Membership  Student Center  Why AMIA? 
  Communities | Communities   Working Groups  AF Communities  Fellows of ACMI (FACMI)  Fellows of AMIA (FAMIA)  Nursing Informatics  Physicians in AMIA  Women In AMIA 
  Education &  Events | Education & Events   Education Catalog  10x10 Virtual Courses  Clinical Informatics Board Review Course  AMIA Health Informatics Review Course (ARC)  Health Informatics Essentials  Artificial Intelligence Showcase  Annual Symposium  Clinical Informatics Conference  Informatics Summit  Calendar  AMIA Knowledge Center 
  Careers &  Certifications | Careers & Certifications   Informatics Academic Programs  Clinical Informatics Subspecialty  AMIA Health Informatics Certification (AHIC)  Certification  Careers 
  News &  Publications | News & Publications   Journals  Press Room  AMIA News Center  Podcasts  Advertising 
  Public Policy | Public Policy   Current Policy Priorities  Public Policy Principles  AMIA in Action  Day on Capitol Hill 
    
 Join AMIA    

  Home 
  Education & Events 

 Annual Symposium   

 Education Catalog 
  10x10 Virtual Courses 
  Clinical Informatics Board Review Course 
  AMIA Health Informatics Review Course (ARC) 
  Health Informatics Essentials 
  Artificial Intelligence Showcase 
  Annual Symposium 
  Clinical Informatics Conference 
  Informatics Summit 
  Calendar 
  AMIA Knowledge Center 
  More 

 The AMIA Annual Symposium is the world’s premier meeting for the research and practice of biomedical and health informatics. The meeting gathers the whole AMIA community of students and professionals, plus academic and corporate members, and government and non-profit partners.  
 The Annual Symposium agenda includes more than 600 presentations, panels, posters, plenaries, keynotes, exhibition, roundtables, showcases, special events and networking opportunities.  
 The Annual Symposium attracts 2,000+ attendees and serves a multidisciplinary, interprofessional community.  
 Clinical and health informatics professionals -- physicians, nurses, dentists, pharmacists, and other clinicians 
  Translational and clinical informatics scientists, researchers and educators 
  Biomedical and health science librarians 
  Advanced students pursuing a career in informatics 
  Developers, computer, artificial intelligence and data scientists 
  Government officials and policymakers 
  Consultants and industry professionals 
  Upcoming Symposium  
  November 9-13, 2024   
 San Francisco, CA  
 The AMIA Annual Symposium is the world’s premier meeting for the research and practice of biomedical and health informatics.  
  Building on more than 45 years of sharing research and insights for leveraging health information and cutting-edge technologies to improve human health, this annual event draws more than 2,000 informaticians from across the nation and around the world.  

 Past Symposiums  
  November 11-15, 2023   
 New Orleans, LA  
 The AMIA Annual Symposium is the world’s premier meeting for the research and practice of biomedical and health informatics building on more than 45 years of sharing research and insights for leveraging health information and cutting-edge technologies to improve human health   

  November 5-9, 2022   
 Washington, DC  
 The Annual Symposium will build on more than 45 years of sharing research and insights for leveraging health information and cutting-edge technologies to improve human health. Scientific evidence is the language of trust in healthcare, and this year’s theme is Informatics: Building the Evidence Base.   

 Future Annual Symposium Sites  
 2024 Annual Symposium | Nov. 9-13 | San Francisco, CA             
 2025 Annual Symposium | Nov. 15-19 | Atlanta, GA             
 2026 Annual Symposium | Nov. 7-11 | Dallas, TX             
 2027 Annual Symposium | Nov. 6-10 | San Diego, CA             

 Join the AMIA Community  
 Explore opportunities with the multidisciplinary, interprofessional home for over 5,000 informatics professionals and join the AMIA community today.  
 Learn more   

 Why AMIA?   
 To Connect, Learn, Grow, and Lead.   
   
 Watch the video    

 Headquarters:   
 6218 Georgia Avenue NW, Suite #1  
  PMB 3077  
  Washington, DC 20011   
 Phone:  301.657.1291   

        AMIA's Facebook Profile          AMIA's Facebook Profile          AMIA's Twitter Profile               AMIA's LinkedIn Profile          AMIA's YouTube Channel     

 © 2024 American Medical Informatics Association. All Rights Reserved.    
 Contact Us 
  Site Map 
  Privacy 
    
       Back to top