Analysis of Algorithms     
 Home 
  News 
  Meetings 
  Flajolet Prize 
  Resources 

  AofA2024 (Bath, UK)  

  AofA2023 (Taipei, Taiwan)  

  Workshop "Analytic and Probabilistic Combinatorics" 2022 (Banff, Canada)  

  AofA2022 (Philadelphia, PA, USA)  

  AofA2021 (online edition)  

  Previous    Next     
  
 Analysis of Algorithms  
 Analysis of Algorithms (AofA) is a field at the boundary of computer science and mathematics. The goal is to obtain a precise understanding of the asymptotic, average-case characteristics of algorithms and data structures. A unifying theme is the use of probabilistic, combinatorial and analytic methods. The objects to be studied include random branching processes, graphs permutations, trees, and strings.  
 The area of Analysis of Algorithms is frequently traced to 27 July 1963, when Donald E. Knuth  wrote "Notes on Open Addressing". His fundamental books, The Art of Computer Programming  , established ties between areas of study that include discrete mathematics, combinatorics probability theory, analytic number theory, asymptotic analysis, and complexity theory.  
 Thirty years after Knuth's pioneering paper, the first seminar entirely devoted to the Analysis of Algorithms was held at Dagstuhl, Germany, in 1993. Since 1993, several series of seminars related to the analysis of algorithms have been established. These take place on an annual or biennial schedule; see the meetings page  for links to some of these meetings.  
 This website is dedicated to promoting the Analysis of Algorithms. All visitors are welcome! To stay updated on new developments in our community, make sure to subscribe to our mailing list  . The information collected here is intended to assist both new and experienced scholars in their research and its applications.  
   
 News  
 2024-05-03 | Proposed amendment to the AofA bylaws 
  2023-09-05 | ESA Test-of-Time Award 2022 awarded to Marianne Durand and Philippe Flajolet 
  2023-06-30 | AofA Bylaws adopted 
    
 Upcoming Events  
 AofA2025 | (May 05 to May 09 | Toronto, Canada) 
  AofA2026 | (Date TBA | Munich, Germany) 
    
 Quicklinks  
 Mailing List 
  Bylaws 
  Code of Conduct 
  Legal information 
    
 Contact & Feedback  
 Please reach out to our community's Electronic Secretary  Benjamin Hackl  to discuss any issues related to our digital presence!   

 Steering Committee  
 Frédérique Bassino  Chair   
  Laboratoire d'Informatique de Paris-Nord, France    
 Clemens Heuberger   
  University of Klagenfurt, Austria    
 Cecilia Holmgren   
  Uppsala University, Sweden    
 Cécile Mailler   
  University of Bath, UK    
 Stephen Melczer   
  University of Waterloo, Canada    
 Mark Daniel Ward   
  Purdue University, IN, USA