Skip to content  Mobile: +63927 877 5219   secretariat@orsp.org.ph     

  Home 
  About | Mission & Vision 
  Officers 
  History 
  History Photos 
  ORSP Corps 
  Membership Application 
  Online Resources | Calendar 
  ORSP Technical Forum Series 
  Newsletter 
  Links 
  Members Only | 14th National Conference Materials 
  2019 National Conference Speakers Talk 
  Speakers Presentation 
  PJOR 
  August 2014 Workshop Materials 
  5th National Conference Materials 
  6th National Conference Materials 
  7th National Conference Materials 
  8th National Conference Materials 
  9th National Conference Materials 
  10th National Conference Materials 
  12th National Conference Materials 
  Gallery 
  Contact Us 

 13th Triennial International Conference of the Association of Asia Pacific Operational Research Societies (APORS)  

 June 4, 2021  November 23, 2022   orspadmin      
 Post navigation  

 Theme:  Onward to Recovery through Operations Research  
 Date:  November 9-12, 2022  
  Venue: Eastwood Richmonde Hotel, Eastwood City, Bagumbayan, Quezon City, Philippines 1110  
 Eastwood Richmonde Hotel | Official Hotel Website | Hotel in Eastwood City : Eastwood Richmonde Hotel   
  
  Hosted by The Operations Research Society of the Philippines (ORSP)   
 INVITATION   
 While the massive negative short term impact caused by the pandemic has been widely felt, the long term impact brought about by border restrictions and lockdown measures remains uncertain. This conference will provide a forum to discuss the role that Operations Research (OR) has played or could play on the path to Asia-Pacific regional and world recovery. How has the experience affected organizational decision-making process? Has the adoption of OR techniques impacted operations and business resilience?  
   
  With the theme Onwards to Recovery through OR   , the conference seeks to bring together OR researchers, academicians and practitioners, whose collective work has sustained OR contribution to decision-making and whose current work is expected to play a vital role in surmounting challenges on the road to recovery from the global pandemic.  
   
  The APORS 13th Conference  aims to provide a forum where:  
   
  • Practitioners will share their experiences on the problems, methodologies and outcomes of applying OR to solve real-world problems in Asia Pacific and beyond;  
  • Decision-makers will share new applications of OR in non-traditional areas;  
  • Researchers will present their findings dealing with the theoretical, computational, and application aspects of OR;  
  • OR workers will discuss pertinent academic-, theoretical- and application- oriented issues;  
  • Decision-makers could gain insights from experiences of others who have benefited from the use of OR in the public and private sectors in different countries; and  
  • Participants will be given the opportunity to exchange ideas on how OR and Analytics can help deal with issues that will contribute to economic resurgence in the different regions of Asia Pacific and beyond.  
  • Everyone can share unique experiences, challenges, and OR-related solutions in surviving and rising from the global pandemic.  
 INVITED SESSION   
   
  An Invited Session consists of a presentation session of six papers on a specific topic relevant to the themes of the conference, organized as half or full day mini-conference. We invite professors and practitioners of OR who have a special interest in a specific conference topic to take responsibility for a session, gathering papers from a range of research expertise around the world.  
   
  The organizer of an invited session shall:  
 Select a topic of interest to themselves and to conference delegates. 
  Obtain four ​papers on this topic. If there are sufficient papers the session may become a workshop. 
  Ensure the papers are submitted through the APORS EasyChair online review system. Authors will just have to indicate the name of the invited session where the paper will be under. 
  Coordinate with the APORS Conference Technical Committee on the review and acceptance of all papers that will be submitted under the invited session. 
  Ensure the final versions of the publication files for the papers are uploaded onto EasyChair before the deadline. 
  Attend the conference and chair the session. 
  Researchers who would like to organize one or more Sessions on topics falling within the scope of the conference are invited to submit a proposal for consideration to include session title, description, chair and contact details, and short CV of Chair (s).  
   
  We will be honored to have you organize and chair an invited session. Should you be willing to, please fill up the information listed in this form.   
 KEYNOTE AND INVITED SPEAKERS   
 Prominent OR practitioners, academicians, and businessmen have been invited by the organizers to deliver keynote speeches. Speakers and delegates from different parts of the world will share their work in the parallel sessions.  
   
  Click here to view the Plenary Speakers and their abstracts.    
 CONFERENCE TOPICS   
  Submissions of papers aligned with the Conference Theme, Onward to Recovery through OR   , in the following areas are welcome: Banking and Finance, Complexity and Approximation, Control Theory, Customer Relationship Management, Decision Support Systems, Economic Modeling, Energy Applications, Expert Systems and Neural Networks, Forecasting, Healthcare, Information Systems, Inventory, Knowledge Engineering and Management, Logistics and Distribution Management, Marketing, Mathematical Programming Modeling for Optimization, Modeling Systems and Languages, Production, Project Management and Scheduling, Queuing Systems, Soft OR, Strategic Planning and Management, Supply Chain Management, and Transport. Papers reporting original and unpublished research results and experience are solicited. Guidelines for abstract submission follow.   
 ABSTRACT SUBMISSION   
  Abstracts must be written in English. Each attendee is allowed to present ONE paper at the  
  conference.  
   
  The abstract should be typed in English, should not include mathematical notations, and must  
  contain the following:  
   
  • Paper/proposal title;  
  • Abstract of not more than 500 words (no formulas or mathematical notation allowed);  
  • Author(s) name(s), organization, full mailing address, email address, with an indication of  
  author(s) presenting the paper; and  
  • Topic (at most three, chosen from the Conference Topics List) under which paper falls and  
  additional topics if not included in the list.  
   
  Email abstracts to https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=apors2022   
  Please direct all other inquiries to secretariat@orsp.org.ph   
 PUBLICATION OF CONTRIBUTED PAPERS   
 Authors are encouraged to submit extended versions of their manuscripts or their full papers to the Asia Pacific Journal of Operations Research (ISSN (print): 0217-5959 | ISSN (online): 1793-7019) ( http://orss.org.sg/apjor.html  ).  
 The paper will go through the regular review process of the journal. The APJOR Editors had been alerted to expect submissions from the APORS 2022.  
 PROGRAM SCHEDULE   
  Nov 9 : City Tour / Welcome cocktails in the evening  
  Nov 10 -12 : Conference  
  Nov 11 evening : Evening Banquet  
  From Nov 13 : Post Conference Optional Tours  
 IMPORTANT DATES in 2022   
   
  Abstracts:    
  Submission of abstracts – EXTENDED  : 1 February to 31 August 2022  
  Deadline for receipt of abstracts (500 words): 31 August 2022  
  Notification of acceptance : TBC  
   
  Registration:    
  Registration Opens : 1 April 2022  
  Early bird Registration Deadline : 31 August 2022  
  Speaker registration and payment deadline : 15 September 2022  
 REGISTRATION FEES   
   The following onsite fees entitles the attendee to participation in the City Tour, Cocktails, Banquet and Conference materials. Online participants could present/ get access to all the sessions.  
 TO REGISTER   
 ON SITE PARTICIPANTS   
 ON SITE Local ORSP Members, | click here 
  ON SITE Local non-ORSP members, | click here 
  ON SITE Local Student participants, | click here 
  ON SITE Foreign Delegates, | click here 
  ON SITE Foreign Students, | click here 
  VIRTUAL PARTICIPANTS   
 VIRTUAL Local ORSP Members, | click here 
  VIRTUAL Local non-ORSP members, | click here 
  VIRTUAL Local Student participants, | click here 
  VIRTUAL Foreign Delegates, | click here 
  VIRTUAL Foreign Students, | click here 
  To apply for membership,  click here.   
 Payment Methods   
 Bank Deposit 
  GCash Number: 0917 863 4196 (Marie Shella Mariscal) 
  If paying by credit card and means other than above, | click here | . Payment via this mode has a service fee of 3.5%. 
  If you are an ORSP member, make sure your membership fees are paid for the year. 
  For more information and inquiries, please contact Jenny Alzate, viber No.: +63 917 138 3653, mobile +63 927 877 5219; e-mail secretariat@orsp.org.ph  or visit the website www.apors.org   
 ACCOMMODATION   
 For those booking at Richmonde Hotel, click this link eastwoodrichmondehotel.com.ph   and enter promo code APORS2022 to get the special rate. The special rates are as follows:  
  
 Room Type | Single Occupancy 
 Superior Room | Php 3,950.00 nett 
 Deluxe Room | Php 4,550.00 nett 
 One Bedroom Suite | Php 6,050.00 nett 
  
  Alternative accommodation at lower rates at a venue within walking distance (15 minutes crossing a pedestrian bridge) is available at https://www.microtelacropolis.com    
   
  Please contact secretariat@orsp.org.ph   for rates and reservation.  
 Guide on Arrival and Quarantine Procedures    
       Complete info can be found here:  Arriving In The Philippines (philippineairlines.com)    
   
  For US Citizens, please visit this link:  
   COVID-19 and Travel Information | Last Updated: August 22, 2022 – U.S. Embassy in the Philippines (usembassy.gov)    
 Covid 19 Protocols for Visiting the Philippines   
 COVID 19 Protocol  for entering the Philippines is contained in  IATF 168 issued in May 2022 can be accessed in this link: https://doh.gov.ph/sites/default/files/health-update/20220526-IATF-Resolution-168-RRD.pdf   
 Highlighted below are provisions that delegates may find useful.  
 Section A. Foreign Nationals Entering the Philippines must comply with the applicable visa requirements and immigration entry and departure formalities; and provided further they   
 Are fully vaccinated against COVID-19, as defined in Section 2 below, except only for minor children below (12) years of age travelling with their fully-vaccinated foreign parent/s; 
  Carry/possess any of the following acceptable proof of COVID-19 vaccination, which shall be presented prior to departing/boarding from the country of origin/port of embarkation and upon arrival in the country: 
  World Health Organization International Certificate of Vaccination and Prophylaxis; 
  VaxCertPH; 
  National or state manual/digital vaccination certificate of the country/foreign government; 
  Other proof of vaccination permitted by the IATF 
  Fully vaccinated Filipino Nationals may enter the Philippines provided that they carry/possess an acceptable proof of vaccination, as set out in Section A (1)(b) above.   
 For Filipinos and Foreign Delegates: All inbound passengers, whether Filipinos or foreign nationals, shall register with the One Health Pas ( https://onehealthpass.com.ph/  )   prior to arrival in the Philippines unless exempted under relevant IATF Resolutions.   
 Please read the whole IATF document in case some provisions apply to you.  
 Additional information:   
 Wearing of masks in public places is required. Please have one on hand when you go out of the airport.   
 For Pre and Post Conference Tours    
 Discover more fun! | Department of Tourism Philippines   

 Latest News    
  
 Post navigation  
 Upcoming Webinars    
 Technologies for the Changing Logistics Landscape Discussed in 2nd Quarter ORSP Webinar    

 News and Updates  
 September 2024 Technical Forum: Environmental Sustainability 
  2024 National Conference Call for Papers: 15th National Conference Operations Research and Analytics: Empowering Decision-Making Across Industries and Sectors 
  June 2024 Technical Workshop: The Digital Entrepreneur: Setting Up Your Company with ChatGPT 
  14th National Conference: Data-Driven OR and Analytics for National Resilience and Sustainability 
  September 2023 Technical Forum: Data Science and Analytics – Operations Research Tools in Action 
  June 2023 Technical Workshop: ChatGPT and Python: A Productivity and Machine Learning / Operations Research Powerhouse 
  October 2022 Webinar: Political Manipulation through Social Media 
  June 2022 Online Technical Forum Series: Understanding Cryptocurrencies in the Philippines 
   
 About This Site  
 This may be a good place to introduce yourself and your site or include some credits.  

 Search  
 Search for:       

 © 2024 Operations Research Society of the Philippines (ORSP)   Theme by Puro