Web and Big Data. APWeb-WAIM 2023 International Workshops | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
   
 DE     
 EN      
   
 Bücher       
   
 Zeitschriften       
   
 Themenseiten Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Organisationspsychologie    Projektmanagement    Marketing    Smart Manufacturing      

 Weitere Formate Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Podcasts    Webinare Technik    Webinare Wirtschaft    Kongresse    Veranstaltungskalender    Awards    MyNewsletter      

 Jetzt Einzelzugang starten       
   
 Zugang für Unternehmen       
   
 Referenzkunden       
   
 Sustainability in Automotive       

 Gesamtlebenszyklus wird immer wichtiger  
 In der Digitalkonferenz am 5. Dezember 2024 geht es um die wachsende Bedeutung der Kreislaufwirtschaft in der Automobilindustrie und wie nachhaltige Werkstoffe sowie wiederverwendbare Komponenten dazu beitragen können.  

 Springer Professional     
   
   Suche   Suchbegriffe eingeben       Suchen     
  
 Erweiterte Suche      

  Anmelden      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT BENÖTIGT    
 Bitte aktivieren Sie Java-Script in Ihrem Browser, damit Sie alle Vorteile und Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER WIRD NICHT MEHR UNTERSTÜZT    
 Der Internet Explorer wird als Browser seitens Microsoft nicht mehr unterstützt. Für Ihr optimales Nutzungserlebnis wählen Sie bitte Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome oder Firefox als Browser.   

 nach oben    

 2024 | Buch  

 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
   
 Web and Big Data. APWeb-WAIM 2023 International Workshops  
 KGMA 2023 and SemiBDMA 2023, Wuhan, China, October 6–8, 2023, Proceedings  
 herausgegeben von: Xiangyu Song, Ruyi Feng, Yunliang Chen, Jianxin Li, Geyong Min   
   
 Verlag: Springer Nature Singapore   
 Buchreihe : Communications in Computer and Information Science    
 Enthalten in: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Inhaltsverzeichnis    

      Suchen      
 insite    
 SUCHEN    

 Über dieses Buch  
 This proceedings constitutes selected papers from the Workshops KGMA and SemiBDMA which were held in conjunction with APWeb-WAIM 2023 which took place in Wuhan, China, during October 6-8, 2023.  
 The 7 full papers included in this book were carefully reviewed and selected from 15 papers submitted to these workshops. They focus on new research approaches on the theory, design, and implementation of data management systems.  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Loggen Sie sich ein, um Ihre Alerts zu aktualisieren und Neue anzulegen.  

 Anzeige   

 Inhaltsverzeichnis  
 Frontmatter  
  
 KGMA 2023  
 Frontmatter  
  
 A Bidirectional Question-Answering System using Large Language Models and Knowledge Graphs  
  Abstract   
 The integration of Large Language Models (LLMs) and Knowledge Graphs (KGs) has emerged as a vibrant research area in the field of Natural Language Processing (NLP). However, existing approaches need help effectively harnessing the complementary strengths of LLMs and KGs. In this paper, we propose a novel system that addresses this gap by enabling bidirectional conversion between LLMs and KGs. We leverage external knowledge to enhance LLMs for domain-specific responses and fine-tune LLMs for information extraction to construct the Knowledge Graph. Moreover, users can interact with the KG, initiating new rounds of questioning in LLMs. The evaluation results highlight the effectiveness of our approach. Our system showcases the potential of combining LLMs and KGs, paving the way for advanced natural language understanding and generation in various domains.   
   
 Lifan Han, Xin Wang, Zhao Li, Heyi Zhang, Zirui Chen   

 A Comprehensive Review of Relation Prediction Techniques in Knowledge Graph  
  Abstract   
 Knowledge graphs organize entity relations using a graph structure, facilitating knowledge representation. In research, relation prediction within knowledge graphs plays a crucial role, aiding inference, latent knowledge discovery, and revealing intricate associations between entities. We present an overview of this field’s development and methods. Initially, we introduce fundamental concepts, relation prediction task definitions, and evaluation metrics. Subsequently, we delve into research, spanning rule-based, statistical, and modern approaches like representation learning, deep learning and large language models. We explore transductive and inductive learning modes, discussing their relevance in relation prediction, and classify and summarize these methods. Additionally, we evaluate method strengths, weaknesses, and suitable scenarios, providing insights. Finally, we address future research directions and challenges in knowledge graph relation prediction, offering guidance for further study and practical applications.   
   
 Yuxuan Lu, Shiyu Yang, Benzhao Tang   

 Negation: An Effective Method to Generate Hard Negatives  
  Abstract   
 Reasoning commonsense knowledge is essential for Artificial Intelligence, which requires high-quality commonsense knowledge. Recently, much progress has been made in automatic commonsense knowledge generation. However, most of the works focus on obtaining positive knowledge and lack negative information. Only a few works capture the importance of negative statements, but they struggle to produce high-quality knowledge. Although some efforts have been made to generate negative statements, they fail to consider the taxonomic hierarchy between entities and are not generally applicable, leading to the generation of low-quality negative samples. To resolve the issue, we put forward Negation, a framework for effectively generating hard negative knowledge. For each entity in the commonsense knowledge base, congeners are identified with hierarchical and semantic information. Then, negative candidates are produced by replacing the entity with congeners in each triple. In order to make negative knowledge more confusing and avoid false positive examples, we design two filtering steps to remove the amount of meaningless candidates. We empirically evaluate our proposed method Negation on the downstream task, and the results demonstrate that Negation and its components effectively help generate high-quality negative knowledge.   
   
 Yaqing Sheng, Weixin Zeng, Jiuyang Tang   

 SemiBDMA 2023  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Diversified Group Recommendation Model for Social Network  
  Abstract   
 Group recommendation can recommend satisfactory activities to group members in the recommendation system. In the research of group recommendation, the main issue is how to combine the preferences of different group members. Most of the existing group recommendations adopt a single aggregation strategy to aggregate the preferences of different group members, unable to fulfill the needs of diversified group decision-making. At the same time, most of these group recommendation methods rely on intuition or hypothesis to analyze the influence of group members, which lacks convincing theoretical support. To overcome this issue, we propose the Diversified Group Recommendation Model for social network (DGRM). This model considers two aspects of social choice and social influence, models the diversity of groups, and adopts different group recommendation strategies for different groups, which can better meet the diverse needs of users and groups. We propose a group recommendation strategy based on score fusion, which can better meet the diverse needs of users and groups. Firstly, a matrix factorization-based individual rating prediction method and a Bayesian model-based individual rating prediction method are proposed, respectively, to predict the individual ratings based on user-item interactions. Secondly, different strategies for scoring fusion are proposed, and group recommendations are made based on the fused scores for different types of groups. Finally, we verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the key technologies proposed in this paper by conducting experiments, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed methods.   
   
 Dong Li, Zhenshuo Liu, Zhanghui Wang, Jin Liu, Yue Kou, Lingling Zhang   

 PSL-Based Interpretable Generation Model for Recommendation  
  Abstract   
 Nowadays, recommendation systems have been widely used in various aspects such as news, movies, music, videos, academia, and many more. The advent of personalized recommendation systems has significantly enhanced the efficiency of users’ access to information and also improved their overall experience. As an essential component of the recommendation system research field, interpretable recommendations emphasize the need to provide users with recommended results along with the rationale behind them. Unlike traditional recommendation systems, interpretable systems can not only enhance system transparency but also increase user trust and acceptance, the likelihood of users choosing the recommended product, and overall satisfaction. However, most existing interpretable recommendation systems depend on user similarity, item similarity, scoring data, or review a single aspect of the data to produce an interpretation, which makes it challenging to create trustworthy interpretable due to the limited use of these factors and intelligent reasoning. To solve this problem, we propose the Probabilistic Soft Logic (PSL)-based Interpretable Generation Model for Recommendation (called PIGM). Unlike traditional interpretable recommendation models, our PIGM takes into account user similarity, item similarity, and scoring data, employing PSL to model these factors and utilizing intelligent reasoning to generate interpretations. Firstly, based on matrix decomposition to predict the user’s score of the item. Secondly, the data is partitioned into observation dataset, target dataset and fact dataset. Thirdly, predicates are defined according to the data and the required results, and rules are defined according to the defined predicates, fact logic and relevant knowledge generated by recommendation system interpretation. Then, the weights of the rules are learned based on the maximum likelihood estimation. Finally, based on PSL reasoning and according to the defined rules, generate a recommendation list and corresponding interpretation for the user. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed PIGM model on the real dataset.   
   
 Dong Li, Binghao Han, Ming Wan, Yuqian Gong, Yue Kou, Hairong Liao   

 Personal Credit Data Sharing Scheme Based on Blockchain and Access Control  
  Abstract   
 Personal credit plays a vital role in the modern economy and society. However, the traditional centralized credit model suffers from numerous issues, including privacy breaches, data misuse, and unclear data ownership. Moreover, this model lacks an efficient sharing mechanism, resulting in data dispersion and low utilization rates. To solve these problems, this paper proposes a personal credit data security sharing scheme based on multi-chain collaboration. In this scheme, credit data is stored in IPFS, and data summaries and information are uploaded to the master chain to ensure data integrity and consistency. Additionally, access control and key management operations are transferred from the master chain to reduce pressure and enable capacity expansion. Furthermore, to safeguard the security and privacy of data sharing, the paper designs a more efficient access control model called PT-ABAC, based on attribute-based access control (ABAC) and capability-based access control (CapBAC). The verification of static attributes is replaced by granting user permission token, and the zero-knowledge proof algorithm is used to protect the privacy of user attributes. The model realizes the fine-grained access control of data, and effectively improves the efficiency of data access. The analysis shows that the credit data sharing scheme in this paper is characterized by distributed, tamper-proof, traceable, secure and transparent data sharing, and fine-grained access control, which ensures the authenticity and immutability of the credit data, implements strict access control in credit data sharing, and clarifies the ownership and control of the credit data.   
   
 Jie Feng, Xiaoguang Li, Xiaoli Li   

 OR-SPESC: Design of an Advanced Smart Contract Language for Data Ownership  
  Abstract   
 Owing to the open and sharing characteristics, blockchain can be applied for data ownership management in data circulation. The smart contract, as a kernel technique of blockchain, is a program code that can automatically execute the business process of the scene. Smart contracts require programmers with professional coding ability in contract design and implementation. Hence, it is necessary to design an auxiliary tool for non-coding personnel to write smart contracts and manage data ownership as well. To cope with this problem, this paper proposes an advanced smart contract language OR-SPESC for data ownership. OR-SPESC is a contract language similar to natural language including five parts of parties, data assets, deeds, terms, and contract properties. It can select the appropriate function meta-language for a specific scenario to complete the scenario business. Firstly, OR-SPESC makes a formal definition of deed, which describes the ownership between parties and data assets. This paper also proposes three operations on data ownership including creation, destruction, and transfer. Then, taking the trade scenario as an example, the design of OR-SPESC contract rules. Finally, the experiments implement the tracking of OR-SPESC contract conversion and the analysis and verification of the conversion rate (CR) and product rate (PR) of OR-SPESC contract conversion. The research illustrates the effectiveness of OR-SPESC contract design and the efficiency of contract conversion.   
   
 Yuefeng Du, Chang Lin, Tingting Liu, Xiaoguang Li, Wei Wei, Shanshan Gao   

 Backmatter  

 Metadaten   

 Titel  Web and Big Data. APWeb-WAIM 2023 International Workshops    
 herausgegeben von  Xiangyu Song  
  Ruyi Feng  
  Yunliang Chen  
  Jianxin Li  
  Geyong Min  
     
 Copyright-Jahr  2024    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Singapore    
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-981-9729-91-3    
 Print ISBN  978-981-9729-90-6    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-97-2991-3     

 Premium Partner  

 » zur Fachgebietsseite Business IT + Informatik 

 Bildnachweise  Rittal/© Rittal, NTT Data/© NTT Data, Wildix/© Wildix, Ceyoniq Technology GmbH/© Ceyoniq Technology GmbH, arvato Systems GmbH/© arvato Systems GmbH, Ninox Software GmbH/© Ninox Software GmbH, Everyday Software S.L./© Everyday Software S.L., Redgate/© Redgate, CELONIS Labs GmbH, DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH/© DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH, all for one/© all for one, G Data CyberDefense/© G Data CyberDefense   

 Weitere Formate | Podcasts 
  Webinare Technik 
  Webinare Wirtschaft 
  Kongresse 
  Veranstaltungskalender 
  Awards 
  MyNewsletter 
  Fachgebiete | Automobil + Motoren 
  Bauwesen + Immobilien 
  Business IT + Informatik 
  Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 
  Energie + Nachhaltigkeit 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Führung 
  Marketing + Vertrieb 
  Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe 
  Versicherung + Risiko 
  Bücher 
  Zeitschriften 
  Themenseiten | Organisationspsychologie 
  Projektmanagement 
  Marketing 
  Smart Manufacturing 
  Jetzt Einzelzugang starten 
  Zugang für Unternehmen 
  Referenzkunden 
  Sustainability in Automotive 
   MyNewsletter 

  Über uns:     
  
 In eigener Sache    Das Team    Redaktionelles Leitbild    Hilfe    Referenzen      
 Unsere Produkte:     
  
 Einzelzugang    Zugang für Unternehmen    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Verlag - Bücher    KI-gestützte Suche      
 Rechtliche Informationen:     
  
 Impressum    AGB    Datenschutzerklärung    Cookies    Cookies verwalten    Verträge hier kündigen    Zahlungsarten      
 Weiterführende Links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Mediadaten    Corporate Solutions    Whitepaper    Gabler Wirtschaftslexikon    Gabler Banklexikon    Versicherungsmagazin      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3926.0