Vienna | Austria  
  July 30 - August 02, 2024   
   
 Conference    Committee 
  Workshops 
  Accepted Papers 
  Attending ARES & DOD    Schedule/Program 
  Social Events 
  Presenter Information 
  Venue and Location 
  Co-located Conferences    DOD 2024 
  ICS-CSR 2024 
  Archive 

        Conference | Committee 
  Workshops 
  Accepted Papers 
  Attending ARES & DOD | Schedule/Program 
  Social Events 
  Presenter Information 
  Venue and Location 
  Co-located Conferences | DOD 2024 
  ICS-CSR 2024 
  Archive 

 Contact 
  Privacy Policy 
  Submission & Guidelines 
  Imprint 
  Code of Conduct 
   
 Organised by   

 Open Calls & Registration  

 Open on May 03, 2024   
 REGISTRATION  
 Ticket Categories and Prices for ARES and co-located Workshops.   
   
 Register here       
    
 Call   
 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 Call for Papers - Extended Deadline March 13, 2024 (AoE)   
   
 More Information       

 Registration and Fees 01/03   
  
 Registration Details   
    
  Please register here: https://pretix.eu/sba-research...    
  Registration for the conference  
  encompasses access to all ARES sessions and workshops.  
   
  If applicable, registration covers one paper. Additional papers will incur extra charges.  
   
  Attendees will also enjoy coffee breaks and lunch throughout the conference days. All fees are inclusive of VAT.   
   
  Cancellation Policy   
   
  Until July 09, 2024, a 50% cancellation fee will apply.  
  No reimbursements will be provided for cancellations after July 09, 2024.  
  Author or participant substitution is permitted.   
 Early-Bird Regular Registration   
   
 until June 14, 2024   
    
  includes all ARES-, Workshops and EU Symposium sessions and all social events  
    
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Early-Bird Regular   
 € 889,20   

 Regular Registration   
   
 from June 15, 2024   
   
  includes all ARES-, Workshops and EU Symposium sessions and all social events  
    
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Regular   
 € 991,20   

 Regular Registration Extended   
   
 includes – beside one full regular registration – all social events for a plus one. For further details, please contact ares@sba-research.org  .   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Regular Extended   
 € 1.207,20   

 EU Projects Symposium Registration   
   
 until July 14, 2024   
    
  includes all Symposium- and ARES sessions on July 30, 2024, and Welcome Reception  
  no paper included    
 Registration Link     Prices  
 EU Projects Symposium   
 € 304,80   

 EU Projects Symposium Registration – late   
   
 from July 15, 2024   
    
  includes all Symposium- and ARES sessions on July 30, 2024, and Welcome Reception  
  no paper included    
 Registration Link     Prices  
 EU Projects Symposium – late   
 € 402,00   

 Co-Author   
   
 No paper included.  Co-Authors are entitled to a discount on the registration fee. Indication of paper ID (EasyChair) required. 
  Co-Author Registration includes all ARES and EU Projects Symposium sessions and all social events.   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Co-Author   
 € 795,60   

 Additional Paper   
   
 Fees for every additional paper    
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Additional Paper   
 € 289,20   

 Student Registration   
   
 No paper included.  Students registrations are only fully completed after a scanned valid student ID has been sent to | ares@sba-research.org | . 
  At least one author of an accepted paper has to register as author, whether they are student or not. 
  The Student Registration fee includes all ARES conference and workshop sessions, but no social events.   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Student   
 € 304,80   

 ICS-CSR Author   
   
 valid for on August 01, 2024   
  including Conference Dinner  
    
 Registration Link     Prices  
 ICS-CSR Author   
 € 594   

 ICS-CSR Attendee   
   
 valid on August 1, 2024   
   
  includes Conference Dinner. No paper included.   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 ICS-CSR Attendee   
 304,80   

 All Social Events   
   
 includes Welcome Reception, Surprise Evening and Conference Dinner   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 All Social Events   
 € 163,20   

 Welcome Reception   
   
 just needed if not included in other registration fee   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Welcome Reception   
 € 72   

 Surprise Evening - Prater   
   
 just needed if not included in other registration fee   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Surprise Evening - Prater   
 € 19,20   

 Conference Dinner   
   
 just needed if not included in other registration fee   
 Registration Link     Prices  
 Conference Dinner   
 € 72   

 Visa Information 02/03   
  
 International registrants should be particularly aware and careful about visa requirements and should plan travel well in advance.   
   
 VISA REGULATIONS  The visa regulations for Austria can be found here  .  

 LETTER OF INVITATION  For authors of accepted papers we can provide an invitation letter for visas. For a letter of invitation, please send all requests to ares@sba-research.org   with the following Information:  
 name | (as it appears on your passport) and | mailing address 
  your | passport ID | and your | date of birth 
  include your | registration confirmation number 
  the | title of your accepted paper 
  include an | email address | where the letter should be sent to 
  Please note that it can take up to one week to receive the invitation letter.   

 Call for Papers 03/03   
  
 The 19th International Conference on Availability, Reliability and Security  
  December 21 — March 13, 2024   
 ARES   
   
  …highlights the various aspects of dependability – with special focus on the crucial linkage between availability, reliability and security.  
   
  …aims at a full and detailed discussion of the research issues of dependability as an integrative concept that covers amongst others availability, safety, confidentiality, integrity, maintainability and security in the different fields of applications.  
   
  …emphasizes the interplay between foundations and practical issues of dependability in emerging areas such as e-government, m-government, location-based applications, ubiquitous computing, autonomous computing, chances of grid computing etc.  
   
  …is devoted to the critical examination and research challenges of the various aspects of Dependable Computing and the definition of a future road map.  
   
  ARES is ranked as B-conference in CORE  .  
  The acceptance rate of the ARES 2023 conference was 20,8% (full papers only). ARES 2024 will be published by the International Conference Proceedings Series published by ACM (ACM ICPS).  

 IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, CONTACT THE CONFERENCE MANAGEMENT  
 ARES Conference Management  ares@sba-research.org    

 CONFERENCE OFFICERS  
 Steering Committee Chairpersons   
 → Edgar Weippl, SBA Research & University of Vienna, Austria   
 → A Min Tjoa, TU Vienna, Austria   
   
 General Chair   
 → Edgar Weippl, SBA Research & University of Vienna, Austria   
   
 Program Committee Chairs   
 → Haya Schulmann, Goethe-Universität Frankfurt and ATHENE, Germany   
 → Dimitris E. Simos, SBA Research, Austria   
   
 Workshop Chair   
 → Andreas Unterweger, Salzburg University of Applied Sciences, Austria   
   
 EU Symposium Workshop Chair 2024   
 → Florian Skopik, AIT, Austrian Institute of Technology, Austria   
   
 Organization and Local Chair 2024   
 → Bettina Jaber, SBA Research, Austria   
   
 Proceedings Chair 2024   
 → Bettina Jaber, SBA Research, Austria   
   
 Website Chair 2024   
 → Daniela Freitag David, SBA Research, Austria   

 PROGRAM COMMITTEE  
 The success of ARES is fundamentally driven by its dedicated and engaged organizing committees and program committee members.  

 Program Committee Members 2024       
   
 Deadlines  
 Extended Submission Deadline AoE   Mar 13, 2024    
 Author Notification   May 03, 2024    
 Author Registration   May 17, 2024    
 Camera Ready Upload to TAPS (ACM submission system) AoE   Jun 11, 2024    
 Proceedings Version (100% completed in TAPS) AoE   Jun 18, 2024    
 ARES EU Symposium   Jul 30, 2024    
 Conference   Jul 30 — Aug 02, 2024    

 TOPICS OF INTEREST  
 Include, but are not limited to   
  Authorization, Authentication, and Access Control  
  Automated Vulnerability Repair  
  Availability, Confidentiality, Integrity  
  Botnets and Botnet Monitoring  
  Cloud Security  
  Compliance, Certification and Legal aspects related to Security and Privacy  
  Dependability, and Resilience  
  Digital Forensics  
  Human Factors in Security and Privacy  
  Identity Management  
  Incident Response and Prevention  
  Intrusion Detection and Fraud Detection  
  Machine Learning for Security and Privacy  
  Security and Privacy for Machine Learning  
  Mobile Security  
  Network Security  
  Privacy-Enhancing Technologies (PETs)  
  Process based Security Models and Methods  
  Risk analysis  
  Side Channel Attacks  
  Software Security  
  Static and Dynamic Code Analysis for Security and Privacy  
  Security and Privacy for IoT, Cyber-Physical Systems, and Critical Infrastructures  
  Security and Privacy Awareness  
  Security Requirements and Secure Design of Applications  
  Usable Security and Privacy  
  Threats and Attack Modelling  
  Trusted Computing  
  Trust Models and Trust Management  
  Web Application Security and Privacy   

 Submission  
 Authors are invited to submit research and application papers according the following guidelines.  

 More Information       

 Register here!    Join us at ARES 2024 in Vienna, Austria  

 to the top           

  © 2024 SBA Research    

 The 19th International Conference on Availability, Reliability and Security (ARES 2024), will be held July 30 – August 2, 2024 in Vienna, Austria.   
  @ARES_Conference     

 Contact 
  Privacy Policy 
  Submission & Guidelines 
  Imprint 
  Code of Conduct 

 © 2024 SBA Research  Organised by