ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
   
 DE     
 EN      
   
 Bücher       
   
 Zeitschriften       
   
 Themenseiten Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Organisationspsychologie    Projektmanagement    Marketing    Smart Manufacturing      

 Weitere Formate Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Podcasts    Webinare Technik    Webinare Wirtschaft    Kongresse    Veranstaltungskalender    Awards    MyNewsletter      

 Jetzt Einzelzugang starten       
   
 Zugang für Unternehmen       
   
 Referenzkunden       
   
 Sustainability in Automotive       

 Gesamtlebenszyklus wird immer wichtiger  
 In der Digitalkonferenz am 5. Dezember 2024 geht es um die wachsende Bedeutung der Kreislaufwirtschaft in der Automobilindustrie und wie nachhaltige Werkstoffe sowie wiederverwendbare Komponenten dazu beitragen können.  

 Springer Professional     
   
   Suche   Suchbegriffe eingeben       Suchen     
  
 Erweiterte Suche      

  Anmelden      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT BENÖTIGT    
 Bitte aktivieren Sie Java-Script in Ihrem Browser, damit Sie alle Vorteile und Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER WIRD NICHT MEHR UNTERSTÜZT    
 Der Internet Explorer wird als Browser seitens Microsoft nicht mehr unterstützt. Für Ihr optimales Nutzungserlebnis wählen Sie bitte Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome oder Firefox als Browser.   

 nach oben    

 2024 | Buch  

 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
   
 ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation  
 12th EAI International Conference, ArtsIT 2023, São Paulo, Brazil, November 27-29, 2023, Proceedings, Part I  
 herausgegeben von: Anthony L. Brooks   
   
 Verlag: Springer Nature Switzerland    
 Buchreihe : Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering    
 Enthalten in: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Inhaltsverzeichnis    

      Suchen      
 insite    
 SUCHEN    

 Über dieses Buch  
 This book constitutes the refereed post-conference proceedings the 12th EAI International Conference on ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation, ArtsIT 2023 which was held in São Paulo, Brazil, in November 27-29, 2023.  
 The 40 revised full papers and 1 Short paper presented were carefully selected from 103 submissions. The papers are thematically arranged in the following sections:  
 Part I: exploring new frontiers in music therapy; network dance and technology; computational art and the creative process.  
 Part II: alternative realities, immersion experiences, and arts-based research; games; interactive technologies, multimedia, and musical art; human at centre.  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Loggen Sie sich ein, um Ihre Alerts zu aktualisieren und Neue anzulegen.  

 Anzeige   

 Inhaltsverzeichnis  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Exploring New Frontiers in Music Therapy  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Exploring the Theoretical Landscape of BehCreative: Artistic and Therapeutic Possibilities of an Extended Digital Musical Instrument  
  Abstract   
 In the digital age, technology has become ubiquitous in various fields of knowledge, functioning as an extension of the human body – akin to a technological body. Consequently, it acquires ecological validity in our daily lives and offers a path for developing studies rooted in Embodied Cognition. This idea is illustrated by BehCreative, an Extended Digital Musical Instrument (EDMI) introduced and presented in this article. The article delineates the design, mapping and architecture of BehCreative from both musical and cognitive standpoints. Moreover, it explores how these instruments bridge the divide between traditional musical interfaces and immersive technologies, thereby redefining the limits of artistic expression and therapeutic interventions. The article highlights that BehCreative, as a hybrid instrument, holds the potential to facilitate therapeutic recovery and serve as an artistic tool for expressive purposes. Given its hybrid nature, BehCreative presents diverse possibilities for exploring users’ behavioral learning, as evidenced by the results of a mentioned exploratory study. Consequently, it substantiates the hypothesis of being an instrument that warrants examination from an interdisciplinary perspective.   
   
 Elena Partesotti, Gabriela Castellano, Jônatas Manzolli   

 Adapting the Emobook Life Story Book App for Reminiscence Focused Music Therapy in Dementia Care: An Interdisciplinary Participatory Design Approach  
  Abstract   
 Life Story books are frequently employed to facilitate reminiscence interventions, but their use in music therapy remains limited in the scientific literature. There is a paucity of research detailing the design processes involved in this context. In contemporary music therapy, the effective integration of technology is a significant concern. This paper aims to report on the Participatory Design process used to adapt the Emobook Life Story Book App for a Reminiscence Music Therapy Program for people living with dementia. An interdisciplinary team comprising an interaction designer, a software engineer, a music therapist, and a research assistant engaged in co-design meetings. The interdisciplinary and participatory process yielded four ideas and four lines of action, which evolved iteratively as the work meetings progressed. Points raised by the lines of action were addressed, leading to modifications in the Emobook app and adjustments in the intervention program for seamless integration. Collaborative, interdisciplinary efforts are essential in advancing the incorporation of technology into music therapy practice. This study demonstrates the value of a Participatory Design approach in adapting technology for use in Music Therapy.   
   
 Noelia Gerbaudo-Gonzalez, Alejandro Catala, Nelly Condori-Fernandez, Manuel Gandoy-Crego   

 Preliminary Findings from BehCreative: Exploring the Potential of Extended Digital Music Instruments for Music Therapy and Rehabilitation  
  Abstract   
 The usefulness of traditional musical instruments has already been demonstrated in music therapy and rehabilitation. In recent years, virtual reality systems have also been shown to promote good cognitive and motor rehabilitation results. Nevertheless, there are still few studies joining these things. The aim of this study was to demonstrate the application potential of an Extended Digital Musical Instrument (EDMI), BehCreative, in those areas, focusing on its ability to promote engagement, motivation, and confidence among users. For this, Gibson’s concept of affordance to study users’ creative behavior was used. Three healthy subjects participated in this study. Virtual Affordances (VAs) used by users during an exploratory phase and their Motion Development (jerk) were measured, and they answered the Affective Sliders self-assessment questionnaire. The results indicate a positive impact of BehCreative on emotional reactions, physical activities, and creative learning, opening avenues for future research and practical applications in the fields of motor learning and human-computer interaction in music therapy and rehabilitation.   
   
 Elena Partesotti, Gabriela Castellano, Jônatas Manzolli   

 A Systematic Review of the Technology Available for Data Collection and Assessment in Music Therapy  
  Abstract   
 The lack of standardized tools for assessment in music therapy is a reality that has concerned music therapists for years. Considering technology as one of the advances that have most modified our lives in recent years, this study carries out a systematic review to analyze the technology available for data collection and assessment in music therapy. The databases analyzed were PubMed and Scopus, from 2013 to June 2023. Out of 370 records, only 8 records met the inclusion criteria, showing a strong prevalence in publications in 2022. This review suggests that the technology is increasingly present in music therapy sessions and it is also growing the number of studies worried to find more accurate solutions for data collection and assessment in music therapy. Taking advantage of technological resources for this process seems to be a great opportunity, but the research in this context is insufficient for this moment, so there remains too much work to do.   
   
 Beatriz Amorós-Sánchez, David J. Gamella-González, Pablo Cisneros-Álvarez, Vicenta Gisbert-Caudeli   

 Network Dance and Technology  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Sound Body as Embodied Poetic Interaction  
  Abstract   
 The Nucleo de Dança Redes at the State University of Campinas has been developing multimodal artistic research in mixed reality in an interactive, immersive, dialogical, and in nets. In this article we present some research focus of the group referencing two works “De uma Margem a Outra” and “Jardim das Cartas”. Researchers in the areas of dance, music and audio visual have been raising discussions about an “expanded sound body” that stems from the interaction between movement, sound, music, video and technology in a mixed environment. A body that extends in sound, and an embodied sound in movement in an expanded perspective of the body in “presence” with more complex contours.   
 Another point is in the observation and understanding of the event of multimodal improvisation in a mixed environment as a path and an interactive and connective articulation between the communication agent that participate in the net as an expressive path that is shown in the interactive exploration. Based on interactive practices and on the concept of net, we work methodologically towards a “poetic interaction” in the field of complexity. A fertile ground in which improvisation and composition become coordinated paths for the unfolding of a dance which starts from the connectivity and from the interaction between sound, body movement, image and technology.   
   
 Gatti Daniela   

 Immersive Dramaturgy. Aesthetic Dance Experiences Embodied Through Virtual Reality  
  Abstract   
 This study aims to explore the potential connections between dance and extended realities. This interdisciplinary approach is based on the concept of dance mediated by technological intervention. In other words, technology isn’t merely used for illustration; it serves as a pivotal catalyst for physicality and aesthetic outcomes. Within this research, we’re considering both virtual and augmented reality, in addition to the metaverse and imagery generated through 360-degree cameras. Understanding how these systems and tools can enhance technological mediation in dance creation is intriguing. Technological mediation can introduce novel bodily triggers and extraordinary perceptions for both dancers and the audience, aligning with the objectives of the artistic proposal. The experiences with video conferencing during the pandemic played a critical role in shaping what I’ve termed “immersion dramaturgy.” Employing expanded realities has been essential in delving deeper into this form of narrative. The text highlights and deliberates upon the following artistic endeavors: “Itaara” (Hub, Mozilla), “ECOS” (Virtual Reality), and “Em_Corpa” (360-degree video, Augmented Reality).   
   
 Ivani Santana   

 Dance and New Technologies: Different Interdisciplinary Approaches in Teaching and Practice  
  Abstract   
 The present article’s goal is to present reflections on the integration of technologies in the field of dance, whether in a context of performance environments or teaching-learnings ones. It also shares experiences and insights about interdisciplinary projects that involve dance, music, and new technologies. Therefore, the main goal is to showcase the challenges faced and the benefits of this interdisciplinary approach, as well as the opportunities that arise from the intersection of these different fields. Supported by a brief historical context, the potential of technology’s use in relation to dance is explored, both from the perspective of the researching artist and that of the educator. Finally, the article seeks to understand how to expand the accessibility of this interaction between dance, music, and technology in various contexts. The ultimate aim is to bring the research conducted within the university to broader audiences and locations.   
   
 Isadora Alonso Faustino, Daniela Gatti   

 Dance and Technology: Different Readings of the Technologically Mediated Body  
  Abstract   
 This article investigates the relationship established between dance and technology in the contemporary artistic-creative scope, with special focus on the different poetic developments present in the body and dance in virtualized contexts. Such reflections seek to understand and deepen their modes and structures of creation, the different relationships established between movement, body, and technology, as well as their receptivity and interactivity with the public and / or spectator. As a methodology, the article focuses on the production of knowledge from the investigation and reflection on theoretical research developed in the area in conjunction with the practical analysis of works relevant to the proposed discussions. To this end, the research is based on theoretical studies on dance-technology (SANTANA, 2006; AMORIM, 2009) and screendance (ANGELI, 2020 and 2022; CALDAS, 2012), in addition to proposing the analysis of two Brazilian artistic works produced in this creative category and important for the reflections on dance and technology: the screendance Unusual  (2018) and the artistic work Interferences  (2022).   
   
 Diogo Angeli   

 Computational Art and the Creative Process  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Art as an Expanded Field: The Case of the R/Place Social Experiment  
  Abstract   
 In this paper, we will present the social experiment originating from the website Reddit, r/place, and our findings regarding how this experiment has been analyzed and understood, with three interpretations of our studies that could be associated with r/place. On top of that, we will introduce our art research methodology, “art as an expanded field,” in which r/place will be our subject of analysis, with the concept of artification described by scholar Ellen Dissanayake as our theoretical starting point for such an endeavor. It is not in the interest of this work to thoroughly analyze r/place but to present a paradigm for understanding it and possibly further experiments, as well as present the beginnings of our methodology currently developed.   
   
 Marcela Jatene Cavalcante Botelho, Hosana Celeste Oliveira   

 OPHILIA: Cy-Collage Cyberperformance  
  Abstract   
 This communication intends to present a practical case developed within the context of an exploratory project on cyberperformance, titled CyPeT. As part of this project, we surveyed the strategies developed by teachers, creators and performers during periods of confinement and identified the possibilities and challenges that cyberperformance brought to the context of the performing arts. Resulting from a collaborative creative process, the experimental cyberperformance Ophilia  , created by the team involved in this study, aims at learning more about creation in a digital medium through practice. Ophilia  is a work in progress, developed through the implementation of an arts-based research methodology, that allowed the team of researchers/creators to identify creative strategies inherent to cyberperformance while adapting Shakespeare's character Ophelia to a new medium. Above all, during this process, we were able to identify various technological limitations inherent to the platforms provided by educational institutions when applied to the creation of cyberperformances.   
   
 Rosimária Sapucaia, Célia Vieira, Inês Guerra Santos, Ana Carvalho, Juliana Wexel   

 Bridging Computational Art and Climate Change: An Analysis of a Mobile Application for Raising Awareness About Climate Change Through Art  
  Abstract   
 This article focuses on the complex process of translating scientific data, specifically related to climate change, into comprehensible narratives aimed at engaging the non-expert public. Challenging the prevailing assumption that data possesses inherent communicative capacity, we analyze the complicated work involved in converting scientific data into meaningful visualizations and narratives. Furthermore, we investigate how artists have been contributing to transform the abstract aspects of climate change into tangible, emotionally resonant experiences, thereby cultivating novel forms of climate-aware public engagement. We then use this analysis to present and discuss the GaiaSenses Project, an innovative research project converging art, science, and computational technology. Through location-based audiovisual compositions driven by weather data, the project aims to establish a more intimate connection between individuals and the realities of climate change, fostering heightened environmental sensibility. By presenting and analyzing the GaiaSenses Project, this article reflects upon the transformative potential of computational creative systems in raising public awareness about climate change and stimulating climate action.   
   
 Felipe Mammoli Andrade, Artemis Moroni Sanchez Moroni   

 Guitar Improvisation Preparation and Practice: A Digital-Assisted Approach Integrating Set Theory and Mechanical Gesture Exploration  
  Abstract   
 In this paper, we introduce a framework for improvisation in classical and contemporary guitar preparation. Our proposal follows a digitally assisted approach to support guitarists in practicing improvisation and creating coherent musical discourses. By simplifying the complex tasks involved in evolving a mechanical gesture and controlling harmonic development, the framework aims to enhance improvisation in the context of contemporary classical music. The paper addresses the challenges faced by classical guitarists in improvisation and emphasizes the significance of integrating mechanical memory and audition. We argue that guitarists can expand their harmonic palette and enhance their improvisational skills by following our digitally assisted approach that integrates critically Set theory principles and the exploration of mechanical gestures. The paper discusses the conceptual foundations of the framework, including the integration of Set theory and mechanical gesture exploration. It also outlines the contributions of the authors, which include the framework itself, computer modeling for the problem, and the implementation of an open-source tool for interacting with the framework. Our main goal in this work is to provide a valuable resource for guitarists interested in improvisation and to broaden the possibilities for creative expression in the realm of classical contemporary guitar performance. The interface can be tested on https://​infovis.​dev/​viz/​guitarImproviser​    .   
   
 Leon Salcedo, Maria F. Zuniga-Zabala, John A. Guerra-Gomez   

 Dignitas in the Metaverse  
  Abstract   
 In response to increasing calls to address “human dignity” in the Metaverse, the Royal College of Art’s MA Fashion Programme utilised Epic’s “Metahuman Creator” software to create multiple digital identities. Human dignity has its etymological root in the Latin ‘dignitas’, and is translated as worth. For the purpose of this study, its meaning is derived from the Charter of the United Nations ( 1945  ) which defines the fundamental rights of the humacy3n person, their equality, dignity and worth.   
 Epic’s “Metahuman Creator” is a new type of digital human configurator, based on pre-existing scans of real people where only physically plausible adjustments can be made. As it has a vast range of facial features and skin tones the user can design a variety of digital characters. However, its tools representing trans identities and invisible disabilities have limitations. Here we show the experience of two users, one with a hearing disability and the other undergoing gender-affirming therapy.   
 We found that tools for representing their identity fell short of expressing their inherent human dignity. The foundations of the Metaverse are therefore at risk of replicating inaccessibility and excluding persons with disabilities and gender differences.   
 We anticipate our paper to be the starting point for wider participatory research that involves all user groups in the design of platforms, tools and systems. We foresee the findings of our paper fulfilling the UN Charter on Human rights in the digital space through the shaping of policies and advancing existing standards (ISO).   
   
 Savithri Bartlett, Sam Chester, Philip Delamore, Sebastian Roeck, Zowie Broach   

 Using Generative Models to Create a Visual Description of Climate Change  
  Abstract   
 The discrepancy between the rapid dissemination of information and its effective communication underlies the phenomenon of scientific denialism. Given the rapid strides in AI generative models, this project explores the domain of knowledge visualization to portray weather data through a visually captivating representation of Rio de Janeiro’s climate evolution up to the year 2100. The use of prompt engineering over climate models has yielded promising outcomes in image generation, yet challenges remain in ensuring deterministic accuracy in image construction.   
   
 Felipe Santana Dias, Artemis Moroni, Helio Pedrini   

 Backmatter  

 Metadaten   

 Titel  ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation    
 herausgegeben von  Anthony L. Brooks  
     
 Copyright-Jahr  2024    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-3-031-55319-6    
 Print ISBN  978-3-031-55318-9    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-55319-6     

 » zur Fachgebietsseite Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 

 Weitere Formate | Podcasts 
  Webinare Technik 
  Webinare Wirtschaft 
  Kongresse 
  Veranstaltungskalender 
  Awards 
  MyNewsletter 
  Fachgebiete | Automobil + Motoren 
  Bauwesen + Immobilien 
  Business IT + Informatik 
  Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 
  Energie + Nachhaltigkeit 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Führung 
  Marketing + Vertrieb 
  Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe 
  Versicherung + Risiko 
  Bücher 
  Zeitschriften 
  Themenseiten | Organisationspsychologie 
  Projektmanagement 
  Marketing 
  Smart Manufacturing 
  Jetzt Einzelzugang starten 
  Zugang für Unternehmen 
  Referenzkunden 
  Sustainability in Automotive 
   MyNewsletter 

  Über uns:     
  
 In eigener Sache    Das Team    Redaktionelles Leitbild    Hilfe    Referenzen      
 Unsere Produkte:     
  
 Einzelzugang    Zugang für Unternehmen    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Verlag - Bücher    KI-gestützte Suche      
 Rechtliche Informationen:     
  
 Impressum    AGB    Datenschutzerklärung    Cookies    Cookies verwalten    Verträge hier kündigen    Zahlungsarten      
 Weiterführende Links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Mediadaten    Corporate Solutions    Whitepaper    Gabler Wirtschaftslexikon    Gabler Banklexikon    Versicherungsmagazin      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3926.0