ASOR Australian Society for Operations Research   
   
 Skip to content 
  Jump to main navigation and login 
  Nav view search  
 Navigation  

 Search  

 About ASOR | Office Bearers / Representatives 
  Affiliation 
  Membership 
  Social Media 
  Events and Services | ASOR Conferences 
  Seminars 
  Awards and Medals | ASOR Ren Potts Award 
  Rising Star Award 

 ASOR Conferences  
 APORS 2022  
 ASOR is a member of the Asia-Pacific Operations Research Societies (APORS), and the APORS 2022 conference is being held Nov 9-12 in Manila, Philippines. APORS is an abstract-only conference. This means that to attend the conference as a speaker you need to submit an abstract of up to 500 words, and the program committee then invites you to give a presentation (in person or virtual) based on an assessment of your abstract and its relevance to Operations Research.  
 The abstract submission date was recently extended to 17 July 2022. To submit your abstract visit https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=apors2022  , and visit http://apors.org  for more information.  
 ASOR 2022  
 Due to the proximity of APORS 2022 and MODSIM/ASOR 2023, ASOR will be holding a workshop-style conference in late 2022, rather than a conference made up of presentations. More information to come.  
 MODSIM/ASOR 2023  
 ASOR is very pleased to announce that we will once again be holding an annual national conference joint with the Modelling and Simulation Society of Australia and New Zealand (MSSANZ) - this time, at MODSIM 2023 in Darwin  . This is much earlier in the year than usual for MODSIM, but allows us all to be in Darwin at the best possible time of year. The conference organising committee has opened the conference up to early registrations. This is prior to 30 June 2022 so as to assist intending participants to commit 2021-2022 financial year funding if this suits their present financial situation. There are several more months until the full paper or extended abstract submission due dates.  
 Past Conferences  
 ASOR National Conference 2021 - ASOR at MODSIM 2021  
 The MODSIM Conference in 2021 was held at U. Sydney and ASOR was again a partner in the conference. It was our national conference for 2021.  
  IFORS 2021 - South Korea  
 The IFORS 2020 conference has been postponed until August 2021. See the IFORS website  for more information.  
 ASOR is a member of IFORS, through the Asia-Pacific OR Societies (APORS).  
  ASOR National Conference 2019 - ASOR and DORS at MODSIM 2019  
 We are very grateful to MSSANZ for inviting us to once again be part of their major event, MODSIM, in Canberra from 1-6 December 2019. The call for papers has closed. Visit https://mssanz.org.au/modsim2019/index.html  for information and registration.  
 ASOR's plenary speaker and special guest is Jerry Brown  : Gerald G. Brown, Ph.D., is an Emeritus Distinguished Professor of Operations Research at the Naval Postgraduate School, where he has taught and conducted research in optimization and optimization-based decision support since 1973, earning awards for both outstanding teaching and research. His military research has been applied by every uniformed service, in areas ranging from strategic nuclear targeting to capital planning. He has been awarded the Barchi, Mennekin, Rist, and Thomas prizes for military operations research, is credited with guiding investments of more than a trillion dollars, and has earned the INFORMS President and Steinhardt Prizes for lifetime achievements. He has designed and implemented decision support software used by the majority of the Fortune 50, in areas ranging from vehicle routing to supply chain optimization. His research has earned patents and appears in scores of open-literature publications and classified reports, some of which are seminal references. Brown is an elected member of the National Academy of Engineering, a recipient of two US Navy Distinguished Civilian Service Medals, and an INFORMS Fellow.   
   
  ASOR will once again offer a Student Presentation Prize for the ASOR/DORS stream at the conference. Students, please do make sure we know you are in contention, by emailing info@asor.org   before the conference. We are good, but not perfect, at identifying who is and isn't a student based on the conference program. Three aspects with equal weight - presentation style, presentation structure, and presentation scientific/technical content - will form the basis of our selection of prize winner.  
   
  See https://mssanz.org.au/modsim2019/  for more information about the conference, plenaries and events.  
  ASOR National Conference 2018  
 ASOR 2018 / DORS 2018 was the 26th National Conference of the Australian Society of Operations Research. It was held in Melbourne from 4 to 6 December 2018. The ASOR / DORS 2018 conference brought together 260 delegates in optimisation, operations planning, informatics, operations research, defence, simulation and modelling of industrial operations, statistics and big data analytics. The Full Papers (peer reviewed) will be published as a monograph by Springer later in 2019.  
 The dedicated website for the conference is at http://www.confer.nz/asor-dors2018/  .  
   
 ( Above  ) Kyle Rogers from SCLAA speaking as part of the Last Mile Logistics  workshop on Day 3 of the ASOR-DORS 2018 Conference.  
  
  ASOR National Conference 2016  
 The 24th National Conference of the Australian Society for Operations Research was held on 16-17 November 2016 in Canberra, joint with the Defence OR Symposium (DORS). The conference included two types of submissions: Extended Abstracts and Full-Papers. Extended abstracts were published on the conference CD, and full papers were published by Springer in Lecture Notes in Management and Industrial Engineering (LNMIE) under the title Data and Decision Sciences in Action  . Full details are available at the Conference Website  .  
  Past Conferences  
 Past conferences we have hosted and organised:  
 Recent Advances 2016 
  ASOR/MODSIM/DORS 2015 
  ASOR Recent Advances 2015 
  ASOR/MODSIM/DORS 2013 
  IFORS 2011 in Melbourne 
  ASOR National Conference 2009 
  ASOR National Conference 2007 
  ASOR Recent Advances (annually) 

 Contact ASOR: info@asor.org.au