Call for Papers  
   
 Download the Call for Papers / Call for Designs  in PDF format (317KB).  
 Call for Papers ASP-DAC 2025  
 Aims of the Conference:   
  ASP-DAC 2025 is the 30th annual international conference on VLSI design automation in Asia and South Pacific regions, one of the most active regions of design, CAD and fabrication of silicon chips in the world. The conference aims at providing the Asian and South Pacific CAD/DA and Design community with opportunities of presenting recent advances and with forums for future directions in technologies related to design and Electronic Design Automation (EDA). The format of the meeting intends to cultivate and promote an instructive and productive interchange of ideas among EDA researchers/developers and system/circuit/device designers. All scientists, engineers, and students who are interested in theoretical and practical aspects of VLSI design and design automation are welcomed to ASP-DAC. ASP-DAC recognizes excellent contributions with the Best Paper Award and 10-Year Retrospective Most Influential Paper Award. Selected papers will be invited to submit the extended version of their work to a Special Issue of Integration, the VLSI Journal.  
 Areas of Interest:   
  Original papers in, but not limited to, the following areas are invited.  
 1 System-Level Modeling and Design Methodology:   
  1.1. HW/SW co-design, co-simulation and co-verification  
  1.2. System-level design exploration, synthesis, and optimization  
  1.3. System-level formal verification  
  1.4. System-level modeling, simulation and validation  
  1.5. Networks-on-chip and NoC-based system design  
   
 2 Embedded, Cyberphysical (CPS), IoT Systems, and Software:   
  2.1. Many- and multi-core SoC architecture  
  2.2. IP/platform-based SoC design  
  2.3. Dependable architecture  
  2.4. Cyber physical system and Internet of Things  
  2.5. Kernel, middleware, and virtual machine  
  2.6. Compiler and toolchain  
  2.7. Real-time system  
  2.8. Resource allocation for heterogeneous computing platform  
  2.9. Storage software and application  
  2.10. Human-computer interface  
   
 3 Memory Architecture and Near/In Memory Computing:   
  3.1. Storage system and memory architecture  
  3.2. On-chip memory architectures and management: Scratchpads, compiler, controlled memories, etc.  
  3.3. Memory/storage hierarchies and management for emerging memory technologies  
  3.4. Near-memory and in-memory computing  
   
 4 Tools and Design Methods with and for Artificial Intelligence (AI):   
  4.1. Design method for learning on a chip  
  4.2. Deep neural network for EDA  
  4.3. Large language model (LLM) for circuit design and EDA  
  4.4. Tools and design methodologies for edge AI and TinyML  
  4.5. Efficient ML training and inference  
   
 5 Hardware Systems and Architectures for AI:   
  5.1. Hardware, device, architecture, and system-level design for deep neural networks  
  5.2. Hardware acceleration for large language model  
  5.3. Neural network acceleration co-design techniques  
  5.4. Novel reconfigurable architectures, including FPGAs for AI/MLs  
   
 6 Photonic/RF/Analog-Mixed Signal Design:   
  6.1. Analog/mixed-signal/RF synthesis  
  6.2. Analog layout, verification, and simulation techniques  
  6.3. High-frequency electromagnetic simulation of circuit  
  6.4. Mixed-signal design consideration  
  6.5. Communication and computing using photonics  
   
 7 Approximate, Bio-Inspired and Neuromorphic Computing:   
  7.1. Circuit and system techniques for approximate, hyper-dimensional, and stochastic computing  
  7.2. Neuromorphic computing  
  7.3. CAD for approximate and stochastic systems  
  7.4. CAD for bio-inspired and neuromorphic systems  
   
 8 High-Level, Behavioral, and Logic Synthesis and Optimization:   
  8.1. High-level/Behavioral synthesis tool and methodology  
  8.2. Combinational, sequential, and asynchronous logic synthesis  
  8.3. Synthesis for deep neural networks  
  8.4. Technology mapping, resource scheduling, allocation and synthesis  
  8.5. Functional, logic, and timing ECO (engineering change order)  
  8.6. Interaction between logic synthesis and physical design  
   
 9 Physical Design and Timing Analysis:   
  9.1. Floorplanning, partitioning, placement and routing optimization  
  9.2. Interconnect planning and synthesis  
  9.3. Clock network synthesis  
  9.4. Post layout and post-silicon optimization  
  9.5. Package/PCB/3D-IC placement and routing  
  9.6. Extraction, TSV, and package modeling  
  9.7. Deterministic/statistical timing analysis and optimization  
   
 10 Design for Manufacturability/Reliability and Low Power:   
  10.1. Reticle enhancement, lithography-related design and optimization  
  10.2. Resilience under manufacturing variation  
  10.3. Design for manufacturability, yield, and defect tolerance  
  10.4. Reliability, robustness, aging, and soft error analysis  
  10.5. Power modeling, analysis and simulation  
  10.6. Low-power design and optimization at circuit and system levels  
  10.7. Thermal aware design and dynamic thermal management  
  10.8. Energy harvesting and battery management  
  10.9. Signal/Power integrity, EM modeling and analysis  
   
 11 Testing, Validation, Simulation, and Verification:   
  11.1. ATPG, BIST and DFT  
  11.2. System test and 3D IC test, online test and fault tolerance  
  11.3. Memory test and repair  
  11.4. RTL and gate-leveling modeling, simulation, and verification  
  11.5. Circuit-level formal verification  
  11.6. Device/circuit-level simulation tool and methodology  
   
 12 Hardware and Embedded Security:   
  12.1. Hardware-based security  
  12.2. Detection and prevention of hardware trojans  
  12.3. Side-channel attacks, fault attacks and countermeasures  
  12.4. Design and CAD for security  
  12.5. Cyberphysical system security  
  12.6. Nanoelectronic security  
  12.7. Supply chain security and anti-counterfeiting  
  12.8. Security/privacy for LLM/AI/ML  
   
 13 Emerging Devices, Technologies and Applications:   
  13.1. EDA and circuits design for quantum and Ising computing  
  13.2. Nanotechnology, MEMS  
  13.3. Biomedical, biochip, and biodata processing  
  13.4. Edge, fog and cloud computing  
  13.5. Energy-storage/smart-grid/smart-building design and optimization  
  13.6. Automotive system design and optimization  
  13.7. New transistor/device and process technology: spintronic, phase-change, single-electron, 2D materials, etc.  
   
 Authors must submit full-length, double-columned, original papers, with a maximum of 6 pages in PDF format (including the abstract, figures and tables) and are recommended to format their papers based on the ACM template. One page of references is allowed, which does not count towards the 6-page limitation. ASP-DAC does not allow double and/or parallel submissions of similar work to any other conferences, symposia, and journals. The submission must not include information that serves to identify the authors of the manuscript, such as name(s) or affiliation(s) of the author(s), anywhere in the manuscript, abstract, references and bibliographic citations. While research papers with open-source software are highly encouraged where the software will be made publicly available (via GitHub or similar), the authors’ identities need to be anonymized in the submitted paper for the double-blind review process. Issuing the paper as a technical report, posting the paper on a website, or presenting the paper at a workshop that does not publish formally reviewed proceedings, does not disqualify it from appearing in the proceedings. Submissions of pre-print papers, e.g., published on arXiv, are also allowed in ASP-DAC 2025. However, that the authors are expected to follow all reasonable efforts to ensure that the submission is compliant with the double-blind review process. Note that each paper shall be accompanied by at least one different conference registration at the speaker’s registration rate. ACM and IEEE reserve the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from ACM Digital Library and IEEE Xplore) if the paper is not presented at the conference by any author.  
 Submission of Papers:   
  Deadline for Abstract submission: 5 PM AOE (Anywhere on earth) July 5 (Fri), 2024   
  Deadline for PDF uploading: 5 PM AOE (Anywhere on earth) July 12 (Fri), 2024   
  Announcement of accepted manuscript IDs: Sept. 2 (Mon), 2024   
  Notification of acceptance: Sept. 4 (Wed), 2024   Sept. 8 (Sun), 2024    
  Deadline for final version: 5 PM AOE (Anywhere on earth) Nov. 1 (Fri), 2024   
   
 For detailed instructions for submission, please refer to the “Authors’ Guide” at:  
  https://www.aspdac.com/aspdac2025/author   
  Paper submission site:  
  https://tsys.jp/aspdac/cgi/submit.cgi   
   
 ASP-DAC 2025 Chairs:   
  General Chair: Yuichi Nakamura (NEC)  
  Technical Program Chairs: Yu Wang (Tsinghua University)  
  Technical Program Vice Chairs: Takashi Sato (Kyoto University), Tsung-Yi Ho (The Chinese University of Hong Kong)  
   
 Panels, Special Sessions and Tutorials:   
  Suggestions and proposals are welcome and have to be addressed to aspdac2025-ss [at] aspdac.com  for special sessions & panels, aspdac2025-tutorial [at] aspdac.com  for tutorials, no later than September 9 (Mon), 2024.   
   
 Contact:   
  Conference Secretariat: aspdac2025 [at] aspdac.com   
  TPC Secretariat: aspdac2025-tpc [at] aspdac.com   
 Last Updated on: September 5, 2024  

 Conference Secretariat E-mail: aspdac2025 [at] aspdac.com