Skip to content    ALGO 2023   
   
        Home  Home 
  ALGOCLOUD 
  ALGOWIN | (former ALGOSENSORS) 
  ATMOS 
  IPEC 
  ESA 
  WAOA 
  Local Info 
  Registration 
  Schedule 
  Social Program 

 ATMOS  
 2023   

 23rd Symposium on Algorithmic Approaches for Transportation Modeling, Optimization and Systems   
 Scope  
 The ATMOS 2023 symposium will be held in connection with ALGO 2023  in Amsterdam, The Netherlands on September 7-8, 2023.  
 Since 2000, ATMOS  brings together researchers and practitioners who are interested in all aspects of algorithmic methods and models for transport optimization. The symposium provides a forum for the exchange and dissemination of new ideas and techniques. The aim of making transportation better gives rise to very complex and large-scale optimization problems requiring innovative solution techniques and ideas from algorithms, mathematical optimization, theoretical computer science, and operations research.  
 Invited Speaker  
 Christos Zaroliagis  , University of Patras, Greece  
   Title:  Time-Dependent Route Planning: Theory & Practice  
  Abstract:   
  Computing optimal paths in real-world spatio-temporal networks that exhibit a time-dependent arc-cost metric is a core algorithmic task for numerous applications, with route planning in road networks being a prime example. The time-dependent route planning poses several hard challenges both theoretically and in practice. In this talk, some recent theoretical advances in developing time-dependent oracles are presented that exhibit subquadratic preprocessing time and space, and query time sublinear on the network size or the actual Dijkstra rank of the query at hand. In addition, some heavily engineered variants of these oracles are presented that demonstrate an impressive query performance in practice, both in quality (relative error less than 0.3%) and in the query-response time (less than 0.67 msec) even for continental size networks.  
 Schedule  
 Thursday, September 7, 2023 – room L016  
 09:30 – 10:30 (Session 51   ) – Chair: Philine Schiewe   
  09:30 – 09:50 Ekkehard Köhler, Markus Rogge, Robert Scheffler and Martin Strehler. Optimal Bicycle Routes with Few Signal Stops   
  09:50 – 10:10 Irene Heinrich, Olli Herrala, Philine Schiewe and Topias Terho. Using light spanning graphs for passenger assignment in public transport   
  10:10 – 10:30 Ralf Borndörfer, Fabian Danecker and Martin Weiser. Convergence Properties of Newton’s Method for Globally Optimal Free Flight Trajectory Optimization   
 10:30 – 11:00 Coffee Break   
 11:30 – 12:30 ( Session 57   ) – ATMOS Keynote – Chair: Daniele Frigioni [Room Euler]   
  11:30 – 12:30 Christos Zaroliagis. Time-Dependent Route Planning: Theory & Practice   
 12:30 – 14:00 – Lunch   
 14:00 – 15:00 (Session 60) – Chair: Vera Grafe   
  14:00 – 14:20 Irene Heinrich, Philine Schiewe and Constantin Seebach. Non-Pool-Based Line Planning on Graphs of Bounded Treewidth   
  14:20 – 14:40 Berenike Masing, Niels Lindner and Christian Liebchen. Integrating Line Planning for Construction Sites into Periodic Timetabling via Track Choice   
  14:40 – 15:00 Stefan Engels, Tom Peham and Robert Wille. A Symbolic Design Method for ETCS Hybrid Level 3 at Different Degrees of Accuracy   
 15:00 – 15:20 – Coffee Break   
 15:20 – 16:20 (Session 64) – Chair: Matthias Müller-Hannemann   
  15:20 – 15:40 Enrico Bortoletto, Niels Lindner and Berenike Masing. Periodic timetabling with cyclic order constraints   
  15:40 – 16:00 Pedro José Correia Duarte, Marie Schmidt, Dennis Huisman and Lucas P. Veelenturf. Fewer Trains for Better Timetables: the Price of Fixed Line Frequencies in the Passenger-Oriented Timetabling   
  16:00 – 16:20 Vera Grafe and Anita Schöbel. Recoverable Robust Periodic Timetabling   
 16:20 – 16:40 – Coffee break   
 16:40 – 17:40 (Session 67) – Chair: Christos Zaroliagis   
  16:40 – 17:00 Peerawit Suriya, Vorapong Suppakitpaisarn, Supanut Chaidee and Phapaengmueng Sukkasem. Submodularity Property for Facility Locations of Dynamic Flow Networks   
  17:00 – 17:20 Theresa Ziemke, Leon Sering and Kai Nagel. Spillback changes the long-term behavior of dynamic equilibria in fluid queuing networks   
  17:20 – 17:40 Akira Matsubayashi and Yushi Saito. A Faster Algorithm for Recognizing Directed Graphs Invulnerable to Braess’s Paradox   
 17:40 – ATMOS business meeting   
 Friday, September 8, 2023 – room L016  
 09:30 – 10:30 (Session 71) – Chair: Dennis Huisman   
  09:30 – 09:50 Boris Grimm, Ralf Borndörfer and Julian Bushe. Assignment Based Resource Constrained Path Generation for Railway Rolling Stock Optimization   
  09:50 – 10:10 Philip de Bruin, Marjan van den Akker, Han Hoogeveen and Marcel van Kooten Niekerk. Scheduling Electric Buses with Stochastic Driving Times   
  10:10 – 10:30 Fabian Löbel, Ralf Borndörfer and Steffen Weider. Non-linear Charge Functions for Electric Vehicle Scheduling with Dynamic Recharge Rates   
 10:30 – 11:00 – Coffee break   
 11:00 – 12:00 (Session 74) – Chair: Niels Lindner   
  11:00 – 11:20 Aigerim Saken and Stephen Maher. Subproblem separation in logic-based Benders’ decomposition for the vehicle routing problem with local congestion   
  11:20 – 11:40 Bart van Rossum, Rui Chen and Andrea Lodi. Optimizing Fairness Over Time with Homogeneous Workers   
  11:40 – 12:00 Mette Wagenvoort, Martijn van Ee, Paul Bouman and Kerry Malone. Simple policies for capacitated resupply problems   
 12:00 – 12:30 – Closing remarks   
 12:30 – Lunch   
 Important Dates  
 Submission deadline: | June 30, 2023 | July 8, 2023 | (AoE) 
  Notification to authors: July 31, 2023 
  Camera ready submission: August 7, 2023 
  Symposium: September 7-8, 2023 
  ATMOS Best Paper Award  
 Akira Matsubayashi and Yushi Saito received the ATMOS Best Paper Award for the contribution  
  A Faster Algorithm for Recognizing Directed Graphs Invulnerable to Braess’s Paradox.   
 Accepted Papers  
 The proceedings are available here  .  
 Regular papers  
 Vera Grafe and Anita Schöbel | Recoverable Robust Periodic Timetabling 
  Irene Heinrich, Olli Herrala, Philine Schiewe and Topias Terho | Using light spanning graphs for passenger assignment in public transport 
  Philip de Bruin, Marjan van den Akker, Han Hoogeveen and Marcel van Kooten Niekerk | Scheduling Electric Buses with Stochastic Driving Times 
  Ekkehard Köhler, Markus Rogge, Robert Scheffler and Martin Strehler | Optimal Bicycle Routes with Few Signal Stops 
  Akira Matsubayashi and Yushi Saito | A Faster Algorithm for Recognizing Directed Graphs Invulnerable to Braess’s Paradox 
  Pedro José Correia Duarte, Marie Schmidt, Dennis Huisman and Lucas P. Veelenturf | Fewer Trains for Better Timetables: the Price of Fixed Line Frequencies in the Passenger-Oriented Timetabling Problem 
  Stefan Engels, Tom Peham and Robert Wille | A Symbolic Design Method for ETCS Hybrid Level 3 at Different Degrees of Accuracy 
  Berenike Masing, Niels Lindner and Christian Liebchen | Integrating Line Planning for Construction Sites into Periodic Timetabling via Track Choice 
  Aigerim Saken and Stephen Maher | Subproblem separation in logic-based Benders’ decomposition for the vehicle routing problem with local congestion 
  Enrico Bortoletto, Niels Lindner and Berenike Masing | Periodic timetabling with cyclic order constraints 
  Peerawit Suriya, Vorapong Suppakitpaisarn, Supanut Chaidee and Phapaengmueng Sukkasem | Submodularity Property for Facility Locations of Dynamic Flow Networks 
  Boris Grimm, Ralf Borndörfer and Julian Bushe | Assignment Based Resource Constrained Path Generation for Railway Rolling Stock Optimization 
  Theresa Ziemke, Leon Sering and Kai Nagel | Spillback changes the long-term behavior of dynamic equilibria in fluid queuing networks 
  Irene Heinrich, Philine Schiewe and Constantin Seebach | Non-Pool-Based Line Planning on Graphs of Bounded Treewidth 
  Short papers  
 Ralf Borndörfer, Fabian Danecker and Martin Weiser | Convergence Properties of Newton’s Method for Globally Optimal Free Flight Trajectory Optimization 
  Fabian Löbel, Ralf Borndörfer and Steffen Weider | Non-linear Charge Functions for Electric Vehicle Scheduling with Dynamic Recharge Rates 
  Mette Wagenvoort, Martijn van Ee, Paul Bouman and Kerry Malone | Simple policies for capacitated resupply problems 
  Bart van Rossum, Rui Chen and Andrea Lodi | Optimizing Fairness Over Time with Homogeneous Workers 
  Call for papers  
 The symposium welcomes but is not limited to papers addressing the following topics:  
 Congestion Modelling and Reduction 
  Crew and Duty Scheduling 
  Demand Forecasting 
  Delay Management 
  Design of Pricing Systems 
  Electromobility 
  Infrastructure Planning 
  Intelligent Transportation Systems 
  Models for User Behaviour 
  Line Planning 
  Mobile Applications for Transport 
  Mobility-as-a-Service 
  Multi-modal Transport Optimization 
  Routing and Platform Assignment 
  Route Planning in Road and Public Transit Networks 
  Rostering 
  Timetable Generation 
  Tourist Tour Planning 
  Traffic Guidance 
  Vehicle Scheduling 
  The symposium welcomes but is not limited to papers applying and advancing the following techniques: Algorithmic Game Theory, Approximation Algorithms, Combinatorial Optimization, Graph and Network Algorithms, Heuristics and Meta-heuristics, Mathematical Programming, Methods for the Integration of Planning Stages, Online and Real-time Algorithms, Simulation Tools, Stochastic and Robust Optimization.  
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings will be published on the Dagstuhl Open Access Series in Informatics (OASIcs) publication service.  
 Paper submission  
 Authors are invited to submit high-quality manuscripts reporting original unpublished research in the topics related to the symposium. Simultaneous submission to other journals or conferences with published proceedings is not allowed. By submitting a paper the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance, at least one of the authors must register at ALGO/ATMOS 2023, attend the conference on-site, and present the paper.  
   
  Submissions must be in the form of a single PDF file prepared using the LaTeX OASIcs style file ( https://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publishing/series/details/oasics  ) and must be submitted electronically via the EasyChair submission system ( https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=atmos2023  ).  
   
  ATMOS 2023 accepts two types of submissions, both of which will be reviewed with the same quality standards by the Program Committee.  
   
  Regular paper submissions  : A regular paper submission should clearly motivate the importance of the problem being addressed, discuss prior work and its relationship to the paper, explicitly and precisely state its key contributions, and outline the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main results. A regular paper submission should not exceed 12 pages including title page and abstract, but excluding references and an optional appendix. Authors should include all necessary details in their submission so that the Program Committee can judge the correctness, importance and originality of their work. Any material (e.g., proofs or experimental results) omitted (from the main part of 12 pages) due to space limitations can be put into the optional appendix, which will be read at the Program Committee’s discretion. Regular papers will be allotted up to 20 pages in the proceedings.  
   
  Short paper  submissions  : A short paper submission may present preliminary results or work-in-progress on a specific topic. Authors should clearly motivate the importance of the problem being addressed, discuss prior work and its relationship to the paper, explicitly and precisely state the paper’s key contributions, and outline the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. A short paper submission should have at least 4 and at most 6 pages. Authors should provide sufficient details in their submission so that the Program Committee can judge the correctness, importance and originality of their work. Short papers will be allotted up to 6 pages in the proceedings.  
 Program committee  
 Valentina Cacchiani, University of Bologna, Italy 
  David Coudert, INRIA and Université Coté d’Azur, France 
  Gianlorenzo D’Angelo, Gran Sasso Science Institute, Italy 
  Twan Dollevoet, Erasmus University Rotterdam, the Netherlands 
  Daniele Frigioni | , University of L’Aquila, Italy ( | co-chair | ) 
  Stefan Funke, Universität Stuttgart, Germany 
  Marc Goerigk, University of Passau, Germany 
  Dennis Huisman, Erasmus University Rotterdam and Netherlands Railways, the Netherlands 
  Giuseppe F. Italiano, Luiss Guido Carli University of Rome, Italy 
  Spyros Kontogiannis, University of Patras, Greece 
  Jesper Larsen, DTU Copenhagen, Denmark 
  Christian Liebchen, TH Wildau, Germany 
  Rolf van Lieshout, Eindhoven University of Technology, the Netherlands 
  Niels Lindner, Freie Universität Berlin, Germany 
  Henning Meyerhenke, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Germany 
  Matthias Müller-Hannemann, MLU Halle-Wittenberg, Germany 
  Philine Schiewe | , Aalto University, Finland ( | co-chair | ) 
  Sabine Storandt, University of Konstanz, Germany 
  Steering Committee  
 Alberto Marchetti-Spaccamela, Sapienza Università di Roma, Italy 
  Marie Schmidt, Universität Würzburg, Germany 
  Anita Schöbel, RPTU Kaiserslautern, Germany 
  Christos Zaroliagis, University of Patras, Greece (Chair) 

 ALGO 2023   
   
 Imprint   
 Privacy Policy   
   
 Powered by WordPress