Home 
  Call for Papers | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorials and Workshops 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium 
  Special Sessions 
  Submissions 
  Programme | Programme Overview 
  Accepted Papers 
  Keynote Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  AI Innovation Day 
  Green & Responsible AI Day 
  Generative AI Day 
  Organizing Committee | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Attending | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship 
  Call For Papers: Special Issue 
  Gallery 
   
 Select Page     

 The 21st Australasian Data Science and Machine Learning Conference (AUSDM'23)  
 Auckland, New Zealand, 11-13 December 2023    

 Call for Papers  

 The Australasian Data Science and Machine Learning Conference (AusDM)  , formerly known as the Australasian Data Mining Conference, has established itself as the premier Australasian meeting for both practitioners and researchers in data mining. It is devoted to the art and science of intelligent analysis of (usually big) data sets for meaningful (and previously unknown) insights. This conference will enable the sharing and learning of research and progress in the local context and breakthroughs in data mining algorithms and their applications across all industries.   
 Since AusDM’02, the conference has showcased research in data mining, providing a forum for presenting and discussing the latest research and developments. Built on this tradition, AusDM’23 will facilitate the cross-disciplinary exchange of ideas, experience and potential research directions. Speciﬁcally, the conference seeks to showcase: Research Prototypes; Industry Case Studies; Practical Analytics Technology; and Research Student Projects. AusDM’23 will be a meeting place for pushing forward the frontiers of data science and machine learning in academia and industry.   
 AusDM’23 will deliver keynote speeches, invited talks, full paper presentations, abstracts, tutorials, workshops, social events, etc.   

 Publication and Topics   

 We are calling for papers, both research and applications, and from both academia and industry, for publication and presentation at the conference. All papers will go through double-blind, peer–review by a panel of international experts. The AusDM 2023 proceedings will be published by Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) and become available immediately after the conference. Please note that AusDM’23 requires that at least one author for each accepted paper register for the conference and present their work for the paper to be published in the proceeding.    
 AusDM’23 invites contributions addressing current research in data mining and knowledge discovery as well as experiences, novel applications and future challenges.    

 General topics  of interest include, but are not restricted to:   
 Big Data Analytics 
  Biomedical and Health Data Mining 
  Computational Aspects of Data Mining 
  Data Integration, Matching and Linkage 
  Data Mining in Security and Surveillance 
  Data Preparation, Cleaning and Preprocessing 
  Data Stream Mining 
  Deep Learning 
  Machine Learning Safety 
  Evaluation of Results and their Communication 
  AusDM’23 specially invites contributions for the following  special topics  :   
 Ethics and Society: Societal implications of data science and machine learning, fairness, interpretability, transparency, trustworthiness, human-in-the-loop machine learning, climate change and sustainability 
  Generative modelling: multimodal ML, ML for coding, ML for drug discovery / molecular tasks, 
  Interdisciplinary applications of ML/data science: in social sciences, urban planning, medicine, humanities, social good, etc. 

 Keynote Speakers  

 As is tradition for AusDM we have lined up an excellent keynote speaker program. Each speaker is a well-known researcher and/or practitioner in data mining and related disciplines. The keynote program provides an opportunity to hear from some of the world’s leaders on what the technology oﬀers and where it is heading.   

 Submissions  

 We invite three types of submissions for AusDM’23:   
 Research Track:  Academic submissions reporting on new algorithms, novel approaches and research progress, with a paper length of between 8 and 15 pages in Springer CCIS style, as detailed below. 
  Application Track:  Submissions reporting on applications of data mining and machine learning and describing speciﬁc data mining implementations and experiences in the real world. Submissions in this category can be between 6 and 15 pages in Springer CCIS style, as detailed below. 
  Industry Showcase Track:  Submissions from governments and industry on an analytics solution that has raised profits, reduced costs and/or achieved other important policy and/or business outcomes can be made in this track. Submissions to this category should be a 1-page extended abstract. Note that this track is presentation only, without publication in conference proceedings. For publication of your papers, please submit them to the above Application Track. 
  All submissions, except for the Industry Showcase Track, will go through a double-blind review process, i.e. paper submissions must NOT include authors names or affiliations or acknowledgments referring to funding bodies. Self-citing references should also be removed from the submitted papers for the double-blinded reviewing purpose. The information can be added in the accepted final camera-ready submissions.   
 All submissions are required to follow the format specified for papers in the Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) style. Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines  and use the proceeding templates, either in LaTeX  or Word  , for the preparation of their papers. The electronic submission must be in PDF only and made through the AusDM Submission page  . Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all the authors of the paper, must complete and sign a Consent to Publish form, through which the copyright for their paper is transferred to Springer.   
 All submitted papers must not be previously published or accepted for publication anywhere. They must not be submitted to any other conference or journal during the review process of AusDM’23. We would like to draw the authors’ attention to Springer’s Editorial Policies  and Code of Conduct  (available as a PDF here  ).   
 The link to previous AusDM proceedings on SpringerLink is available here  .   
 A selected number of best papers will be invited for possible inclusion, in an expanded and revised form, in the Data Science and Engineering  , Scimago Q1 journal published by Springer.   

 Days until Conference  
  
 Day(s)  
   
 :  

 Hour(s)  
   
 :  

 Minute(s)  
   
 :  

 Second(s)  

 Keydates (AoE)  
 Abstract submission: 18 Aug 23  
  Paper submission: 25 Aug 23  
  Paper notiﬁcation: 24 Sept 23  
  Tutorial/Workshop submission: 26 Sept 23  
  Tutorial/Workshop notiﬁcation: 29 Sept 23  
  Camera-ready: 8 Oct 23  
  Author Registration: 8 Oct 23  

 Related Conference  

 Contact Us   
    
 Email: ausdm2023@googlegroups.com    
 Twitter: https://twitter.com/ausdm23    
 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ausdm23    
 Sigmoid Social: https://sigmoid.social/@ausdm23    

  The University of Auckland  | Accessibility  | Copyright  | Privacy  | Disclaimer