Skip to content    

 The 23rd IEEE International Conference on BioInformatics and BioEngineering  

 Committees 
  Submissions | Camera-Ready Submissions 
  Registration 
  Venue 
   
   Menu    
 Committees 
  Submissions | Camera-Ready Submissions 
  Registration 
  Venue 

 The 23rd IEEE International Conference on Bioinformatics and Bioengineering (BIBE)  (Virtual)   
   
  4 - 6 December 2023   

 CALL FOR PAPERS      

 CONFERENCE SCHEDULE      

 Important Dates  

 Paper Submission: September 5  September 25, 2023  
  Paper Notification: October 10  October 18, 2023 (Final)   
  Camera Ready: October 15  October 30, 2023  

 Welcome to BIBE 2023  

 The series of BIBE Conferences, founded in 2000, is the longest-running IEEE Conference of its kind, inspiring many similar venues. The 23rd annual IEEE International Conference on Bioinformatics and Bioengineering aims at building synergies among the complimentary disciplines of Bioinformatics, Bioengineering and Biomedical. These synergies have delivered advances for understanding a wide range of complex issues and problems in the fields of medicine, bioengineering and biological systems, health environmental science, public healthcare, food, forensics, wearable and assistive devices and more. These fields have improved the human condition by helping us understand living organisms at multiple levels, developing innovative implants and bio-prosthetics, and by improving tools and techniques for the detection, prevention and treatment of diseases. The BIBE series provide a common platform for the cross fertilization of ideas, and for shaping knowledge and scientific achievements by bridging these disciplines into an interactive and engaging forum.  

 Conference Categories  

 BIOINFORMATICS / COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY   
 Biological Databases, Query Languages, | Interoperability, Ontologies and Data Mining 
  Sequence Search, Alignment, and Characterization 
  Protein Structure Prediction 
  Protein-ligand modelling, docking, and screening 
  Drug-drug interaction modelling 
  Molecular Evolution and Phylogeny 
  Systems biology including: Genomics, Transcriptomics, Proteomics, Metabolomics, Metagenomics, Epigenetics, etc. 
  Multi-omics data fusion and analysis and Visualization 
  Biomarkers of Toxicity 
  Computational neuroscience 
  Cell Computing 
  Bio-Imaging 
  Signalling and Computation 

 BIOINFORMATICS / COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY   
 Engineering Models in Bio-Medicine 
  Assisted Intervention Systems 
  Medical Robotics 
  Nano-Medicine 
  Nano-Mechanisms for Molecular Systems 
  Neuro-Computing 
  Biomedical & Biological Sensors 
  Cell & Tissue Engineering 
  Molecular and Cellular Systems 
  Body’s and Cell’s Bio-signatures 
  Neuro-Cognitive Engineering 
  Biomedical Image Processing & Analysis 
  Microarray Technologies 
  Biomedical Data Engineering 
  Biomaterials 
  Bioengineering Applications for people with | disabilities and the elderly 
  Wearable & Implanted devices/sensors 
  Ambient Systems 

 Paper Submission  

 The submissions should contain original, high quality, not submitted or published elsewhere work. Papers should be submitted electronically (through the BIBE web site) in PDF  format and should be conformed to IEEE specifications (single-space, double-column, 10-point font size, up to 8 pages).  
 BIBE receives only full papers (up to 8 pages long). The Review Committee makes the decision of categorization of these papers based on their merit. More specifically, the categories are:  
 Full papers based on their quality after review (8 pages long with regular registration plus one extra page, if needed, with extra cost $100 according to IEEE CS policy). 
   
 Short papers based on their merit after review (5 pages long with regular registration PLUS ONE extra page, if needed, with extra cost $100 according to IEEE CS policy). 

 Full papers and short papers will be published in the same proceedings and will be presented in the sessions in a mixed order.  

 Paper Presentation  

 Each accepted paper should be presented by one of the authors and accompanied by at least one full registration fee payment, to guarantee publication in the proceedings. All accepted papers will be included in the proceedings of BIBE 2023 that will be published by the IEEE Computer Society at IEEE Xplore.   

 Special Issues  

 Extended versions of the best papers of the conference will be invited for publication in a special issue of the International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools (IJAIT) (SCI Indexed).  

 Contact BIBE 2023   

 General Chair   
  Nikolaos Bourbakis  
  Wright State University   
  [email protected]   
 Program Chair   
  Michael Peterson  
  University of Hawaii at Hilo   
  [email protected]   
 Financial & Registration Chair   
  Michail Alexiou  
  Georgia Institute of Technology   
  [email protected]   

 Facebook-f     Twitter     Linkedin       

 Privacy Policy    
   
 Accessibility Statement    
   
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy    
   
 © 2023 IEEE – All rights reserved.    

 Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions   

 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.