Conferences on Business Process Management  
  
 Home  Upcoming BPM Conference 
  BPMA  Registration and BPM Expert Forum 
  Conferences  All Conferences and Awards 
  Organization  Steering Committee 
  Books  Learn about BPM 
  News  Info from the Community 

 Business Process Management Conferences  
 Welcome to the website of the BPM conference series. Since 2003, the International Conference on Business Process Management is the premier conference for researchers and practitioners in the field of Business Process Management. The conference series is managed by a Steering Committee  , chaired by Jan Mendling.  
 As you see below, BPM 2025 will be organized by Adela del Río Ortega, Manuel Resinas in Seville, Spain, while BPM 2026 will be hosted by Arik Senderovich and his team in Toronto, Canada.  
 BPM 2025 in Seville, Spain, August 31 to September 5, 2025  
 We are delighted to invite you to the 23rd edition of the International Conference on Business Process Management (BPM 2025), taking place in the beautiful and historic city of Seville from August 31 to September 5, 2025. This year’s conference is proudly organized by the SCORE lab of the University of Seville.  
 Five years ago, we had the pleasure of hosting a previous edition of this conference, although the event was moved online due to the global pandemic. Now, we are thrilled to welcome you back in person to Seville, a city renowned for its rich cultural heritage, vibrant atmosphere, and stunning architecture. From the iconic Plaza de España to the charming streets of the old town, Seville offers a perfect backdrop for what promises to be an inspiring and enriching event.  
 BPM 2025 continues the tradition of providing the the premier forum for researchers and practitioners in Business Process Management. For over two decades, the BPM conference series has been a driving force in advancing cutting-edge research and practical insights. This prestigious forum brings together leading thinkers, pioneering researchers, and industry leaders for a week of insightful talks, hands-on tutorials, and forward-thinking discussions. The BPM conference series celebrates the diversity and depth of the BPM field, acting as a hub for experts from various disciplines, including Computer Science, Information Systems Engineering, and Management.  
 We look forward to welcoming you to Seville for an unforgettable experience of knowledge exchange, networking, and cultural exploration.  
 More information can be found at https://www.bpm2025seville.org/   
 Adela del Río Ortega, Manuel Resinas  
  (BPM 2025 General Chairs)  
   
 Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 The BPM community is committed to the promotion of diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) in all aspects of our professional activities. We celebrate the diversity in our community and welcome everyone regardless of age, gender identity, race, ethnicity, socioeconomic background, country of origin, religion, sexual orientation, physical ability, education, and work experience. We encourage all participants to consider DEI in their writing, reviews, presentations, and all interactions related to the BPM conference. The BPM community has a tradition of researching and experimenting with real-world applications and, as such, needs to find the balance between research and societal events that shape our lives as a liberal society that supports DEI principles. Therefore, the conference participants should feel free to express themselves on all topics within and beyond our interests as a research community and to do so in a non-aggravating and respectful manner, being considerate to those who are the possible victims of, a.o., violence, war, or political oppression and making use of this special opportunity to gather in an international setting to better understand multiple view points in a safe and inclusive environment.  

 Copyright (c) 2005-2023 by the contributing authors.  
  All material on this website is the property of the contributing authors.  
  Legal Notice  · Privacy Policy  · Privacy Policy Mailing List