Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Visas 
  Venue 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship 
  Keynotes 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Visas 
  Venue 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship 
  Keynotes 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 THANK YOU FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION   
  
 Check out next conference edition  .  

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  About BROADNETS 2023   
 The current roll-out of 5G mobile internet networks continue to drive forward smart services, machine-to-machine communications, and connected transport. The city’s technology industry focus includes the cloud, big data analytics, and mobility – most notably in the field of autonomous transport. With the evolution of 5G over the last few years, the term ‘5G’ means different things to different groups. To the consumer it’s all been about faster public networks and downloads via 5G NSA (non-standalone); for the new use-cases the endeavor was to build upon high speeds and ultra-low latency facility, building machine to machine and private networks; and for the R&D community effort went in to evolving new software defined radio (SDR) algorithms and PHY solutions and applicable use cases. However, the 5G SA (standalone) private networks revolution did not move to deployment as quickly as hoped to open the era of the Internet of Everything. Visible Light Communication (VLC) and Light Fidelity (LiFi) technologies are among the potential candidates that are expected to be utilized in the future 5G networks due to their indoor energy-efficient communications. The scope of this conference is the 5G-enabled digital society. As one of the important infrastructures of the digital economy, some important progresses in key technologies have been made for 5G network. For different digital social scenarios, key technologies, scenarios and practical application systems derived from the combination of 5G, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence technologies. In addition, 5G network and information security for the digital society is also one of the focuses of this conference. It brings together thought leaders from industry, academia and other institutions to exchange information and ideas on advancing the state-of-the-art in wireless communications and networking.  

  Topics   
 We seek novel, innovative, and exciting work in areas including but not limited to:  
 6G communications at the Terahertz band 
  Internet of Things (IoT)-enabled Smart Systems 
  Cloud-to-things systems 
  Edge Computing, Edge Intelligence and Fog Networks 
  Communication-inspired Machine Learning (ML) for 5G/6G 
  AI enabled services in Wireless Networks 
  IoT and Machine – Machine Communications 
  Visible Light and Optical Communications 
  Smart City Smart Grid 
  E-health and Mobile Health 
  Wireless Network Security and Privacy 
  AI applications for 5G/6G 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library: BROADNETS Conference Proceedings  .  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates  
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  11 January 2024  
  Notification deadline   
  26 January 2024  
  Registration Opens   
  29 January 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  4 February 2024  
  Start of Conference   
  16 February 2024  
  End of Conference   
  17 February 2024   
   
 Previous BROADNETS editions  
 2022  – Harbin, People’s Republic of China  
  2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Xi`an, People’s Republic of China  
  2018  – Faro, Portugal  
  2010  – Athens, Greece  
  2009  – Madrid, Spain  
  2008  – London, Great Britain  
  2007  – Raleigh, North Carolina, United States  
  2006  – San Jose, California, United States  
  2005  – Boston, Massachusetts, United States  
  2004  – San Jose, California, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2023 BROADNETS | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent