Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Accepted papers 
  Submission | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Visas 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Accepted papers 
  Submission | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Visas 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI BROADNETS  2022 was held as  a fully-fledged online conference   .   

 EAI BROADNETS 2022 – 13th EAI International Conference on Broadband Communications, Networks, and Systems   
   
 March 12-13, 2023  
  Harbin, People’s Republic of China  
  New conference dates  
  EAI BROADNETS is a top-ranked  
  conference venue for researchers:  
  CORE conference ranking: B   .  
 BROADNETS authors have enjoyed  
  over 6000+   citations   
    
 THANK YOU FOR PARTICIPATING IN BROADNETS 2022!  

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in Broadnets 2022!   
   
 Next edition   

 Call for papers light w/ Springer   
 Call for papers    
   
 Indexing - Submitted for inclusion in:   
   
 Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus,  
  EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, DBLP, and more   
   
 Publication   
   
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 2.602 (2020)]    
   
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems    
   
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications    
   
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series    
   
 Learn more   

 Publishing partner   

 EAI Index   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Paper Submission is now open for the 13th edition of BROADNETS! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of BROADNETS here  .    
 BROADNETS 2022 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  Proceedings   
 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  

  About BROADNETS 2022   
 Compared with 4G, 5G has the characteristics of higher speed, lower latency and wider coverage. The most important breakthrough of 5G is to expand the communication between people to the communication between people and things, and between things. It opens the era of the Internet of Everything. The technical characteristics and application scenarios of 5G make it an important engine for the development of the digital economy. Digital transformation continues to extend from manufacturing to construction, energy, transportation, medical care, smart cities and other fields. New models and formats such as 5G+ autonomous driving, 5G+ smart grid, and 5G+ distance education are emerging. The smooth experience promotes the in-depth use of 5G users in mobile video, social networking and other fields. Short video has become the TOP1 application of 5G. The scope of this conference is the 5G-enabled digital society. As one of the important infrastructures of the digital economy, some important progresses in key technologies have been made for 5G network . For different digital social scenarios, key technologies, scenarios and practical application systems derived from the combination of 5G, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence technologies. In addition, 5G network and information security for the digital society is also one of the focuses of this conference.The conference seeks innovative research works in the following areas, but are not limited to,5G/6G and Use cases of 5G/6G systemSoftware defined networking-enabled system Internet of Things (IoT)-enabled Smart Systems Cloud-to-things system Edge cooperative computing Fog computing Vehicle networks Smart City Smart Grid Digital twin sDistributed systems security Trust Access Control Data privacy and integrity  

  Topics   
 The conference seeks innovative research works in the following areas, but are not limited to:  
 5G/6G and Use cases of 5G/6G systems 
  Software defined networking-enabled system 
  Internet of Things (IoT)-enabled Smart Systems 
  Cloud-to-things system 
  Edge cooperative computing Fog computing 
  Vehicle networks 
  Smart City Smart Grid 
  Digital twin sDistributed systems security 
  Trust Access Control 
  Data privacy and integrity 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library: BROADNETS Conference Proceedings  .  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.   
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 2.602 (2020)] 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) | – indexed in | ESCI, Ei Compendex & Scopus 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications (Open Access) 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates  
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  16 December 2022  
  Notification deadline   
  23 December 2022  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  23 February 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  12 March 2023  
  End of Conference   
  13 March 2023  
   
 Previous BROADNETS editions  
 2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Xi`an, People’s Republic of China  
  2018  – Faro, Portugal  
  2010  – Athens, Greece  
  2009  – Madrid, Spain  
  2008  – London, Great Britain  
  2007  – Raleigh, North Carolina, United States  
  2006  – San Jose, California, United States  
  2005  – Boston, Massachusetts, United States  
  2004  – San Jose, California, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2022 BROADNETS | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent