IEEE.org 
  IEEE CS Standards 
  Career Center 
  About Us 
  Subscribe to Newsletter 
  More | IEEE Standards 
  Career Center 
  About Us 
  Subscribe to Newsletter 
   Sign In 
  0 

   MEMBERSHIP | Overview | For Industry Professionals 
  For Students 
  Launch a New Career 
  Membership FAQ 
  Contact Us 
  Membership Information | Membership FAQs 
  Membership Grades 
  Special Circumstances 
  Discounts & Payments 
  Distinguished Contributor Recognition 
  Grant Programs 
  Communities | Find a Local Chapter 
  Find a Distinguished Visitor 
  About Distinguished Visitors Program 
  Find a Speaker on Early Career Topics 
  Technical Communities 
  Collabratec (Discussion Forum) 
  Current Members | Renew 
  My Profile 
  My Subscriptions 
  My Referrals 
  Computer  Magazine 
  ComputingEdge  Magazine 
  CONFERENCES | Let us help make your event a success.  EXPLORE PLANNING SERVICES 
  Discover Conferences | Events Calendar 
  Calls for Papers 
  Conference Proceedings 
  Conference Highlights 
  Top 2024 Conferences 
  Organize a Conference | Conference Sponsorship Options 
  Conference Planning Services 
  Conference Organizer Resources 
  Virtual Conference Guide 
  Conference Publishing Services | Get a Quote 
  CPS Dashboard 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  CPS Organizer FAQ 
  PUBLICATIONS | Find the latest in advanced computing research.  VISIT THE DIGITAL LIBRARY 
  Discover Publications | Magazines 
  Journals 
  Calls for Papers 
  Open Access 
  ComputingEdge  Magazine 
  Tech News Blog 
  Peer Review Resources | Author Guidelines 
  Reviewer Information 
  Guest Editor Information 
  Editor Information 
  Editor-in-Chief Information 
  Volunteer Opportunities 
  Additional Resources | Podcasts 
  Video Library 
  My Subscriptions 
  Member Benefits 
  Institutional Library Subscriptions 
  Advertising and Sponsorship 
  EDUCATION & CAREER | Research | Magazines 
  Journals 
  Conference Proceedings 
  Video Library 
  ComputingEdge  Magazine 
  Tech News Blog 
  Education & Career | Code of Ethics 
  Educational Webinars 
  Online Education 
  Certifications 
  Podcasts 
  Career Center 
  Industry & Trends | Tech News Blog 
  Industry Webinars & Whitepapers 
  Research Reports 
  Bodies of Knowledge 
  Standards 
  CS for Industry Professionals 
  Additional Resources | Resource Library 
  Newsletters 
  Women in Computing 
  Recruiting 
  Press Room 
  Digital Library Access 
  VOLUNTEER | Get Involved | Organize a Conference 
  Run a Publication 
  Become a Distinguished Speaker 
  Participate in Standards Activities 
  Peer Review Content 
  Volunteer Opportunities 
  Publish | Author Resources 
  Calls for Papers 
  Publish Open Access 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  Leadership Network | Society Leadership 
  Boards & Committees 
  Technical Communities 
  Local Chapters 
  Community Resources | Governance Resources 
  Conference Organizer Resources 
  Conference Publishing Services 
  Editor Information 
  Chapter Resources 
  Elections 
  ABOUT | About the Society | About Us 
  About the Board of Governors 
  Board of Governors Members 
  Grant Programs 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Communities | Boards & Committees 
  Technical Communities 
  Find a Local Chapter 
  Open Volunteer Opportunities 
  Awards & Recognition | Award Recipients 
  Fellows 
  Student Scholarships & Awards 
  Nominate an Election Candidate 
  Nominate a Colleague 
  Partnerships & Society News | Corporate Partnerships 
  Conference Sponsorships & Exhibits 
  Advertising 
  Recruitment 
  Press Room 
  JOIN US 
   MORE | Publications 
  Education & Career 
  Volunteer 
  About 

 Home  / Conferences     

 CLOSED: Call for Papers: IEEE BSN 2023  
 9 - 11 October 2023 | Boston, MA, USA   

 Share this on:           

 Submissions Due: 5 June 2023   
 Important Dates  
 Full Paper (4-pages) Deadline: 5 June 2023 
  Paper Acceptance Notification: 21 July 2023 
  Conference: 9-11 October 2023 
   IEEE-EMBS 19th International Conference on Body Sensor Networks – Sensors and Systems for Digital Health  ( IEEE BSN  ) is the premier conference in the areas of sensors and systems for digital health. Celebrating the 20 years of IEEE BSN, the conference will embrace its new branding for “Sensors and Systems for Digital Health.” Sponsored by the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society (IEEE-EMBS), the conference will be co-located with the IEEE-EMBS Conference on Healthcare Innovation and Point-of-Care Technologies (IEEE HI-POCT) in Boston.  
 IEEE BSN will bring together leaders and experts in academia, industry, healthcare, and non-profit organizations and provide a cross-disciplinary, highly selective, and single-track forum for cutting-edge research related to devices and sensors, hardware and software systems, predictive models, and data analytics in the healthcare/medical domains. Areas of interest include but are not limited to:  
 Novel digital health solutions (i.e., sensors and algorithms) for diagnosis, disease progress tracking, and self-management. 
  Prototyping of novel in-body, on-body, and off-body sensors and systems for digital health, wellness, and sports. 
  Conformable decoders: unintrusive, comfortable, self-powered sensors and systems. 
  Flexible, stretchable, and imperceptible electronics for sensors and systems. 
  Contactless solutions for human sensing. 
  Power-optimization for implantable and wearable sensors and systems. 
  Wearable robotics system for digital healthcare. 
  Signal processing, machine learning, deep learning, and decision-support algorithms. 
  Adaptive, personalized intervention systems by closing the loop between technologies and humans. 
  Security, privacy, and trust in digital health technologies. 
  Inclusiveness, fairness, and equality for under-represented and under-served communities in digital health technologies and studies. 
  Human-centered design for digital healthcare to address real-world stakeholder needs. 
   Special Session – Clinical Abstract  
 New to this year’s conference, we invite the submission of clinical abstracts. Our goal is to bring together technical researchers and clinicians together to identify unmet clinical needs, explore potential technical solutions, and/or demonstrate the translation of novel technologies to clinical care. Abstracts will be non-archival.  
 We seek submissions from clinicians and teams partnering with clinicians on novel uses of digital health technologies. Abstracts could focus on introducing new clinical problems, preliminary successes, and demonstration of technological solutions relevant to the following topics. Teams will have the opportunity to present their work as posters and lightning talks and attend the full conference. These abstracts will focus on applications of digital health technologies in domains such as (but not limited to):  
 Clinical translation and application of digital health technologies in clinical settings or remote health settings. 
  Use of digital health technologies for diagnosis and treatment decision-making. 
  Point-of-care technologies for clinical care in remote and underserved settings. 
  Important  : The authors will have the option to submit the full paper version of their abstract to the journals of their choice. Our editorial team has established partnerships with Circulation: Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes   and Frontiers in Digital Health   to support concurrent or successive publication of the full paper version (instructions will be announced soon).  
  Submission​ ​Details  
 IEEE BSN 2023 will accept the following paper formats:  
 Full papers (4 pages) 
  Demo/Poster abstracts (1 page) 
  SUBMISSION SITE    
 Importance:  IEEE BSN 2023 will accept regular, workshop, demo, and poster papers. The Best Paper Award  and the BSN Service Award  will be presented at the conference. Excellent papers (e.g., Best Paper Award candidates) will be invited to extend their works for rapid review and publication in the IEEE Open Journal of Engineering in Medicine and Biology  ( OJEMB   )  or PLOS Digital Health   . IEEE OJEMB will waive the Article Processing Charges. In addition, Student Travel Awards  will be provided to selected students from worldwide institutions.  

 Recommended by IEEE Computer Society  
     
 AI and Ethics: Bridging The Gap   

 Working with Recruiters: Five Tips for Early Career Professional   

 How System Integration Unlocks New Growth and Profit Potential   

 Beyond Algorithms: Unveiling the Transparent World of Explainable AI   

 AI and LLM: How These Enable Automation for Both Backend and Frontend User Experience   

 Top Things to Watch in Fintech in 2024 & Beyond   

 Job Compensation: What to Know—and Why   

 SustainTech 2024 Start-Up Pitch Competition: Crowning a Winner Addressing Data Storage   

  Sign up for our newsletter.  
 EMAIL ADDRESS  

 IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY  
 About Us 
  Board of Governors 
  Newsletters 
  Press Room 
  IEEE Support Center 
  Contact Us 
  DIGITAL LIBRARY  
 Magazines 
  Journals 
  Conference Proceedings 
  Video Library 
  Librarian Resources 
    
 COMPUTING RESOURCES  
 Career Center 
  Courses & Certifications 
  Webinars 
  Podcasts 
  Tech News 
  Membership 
  COMMUNITY RESOURCES  
 Governance 
  Conference Organizers 
  Authors 
  Chapters 
  Communities 
    
 BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  
 Corporate Partnerships 
  Conference Sponsorships & Exhibits 
  Advertising 
  Recruiting 
  Digital Library Institutional Subscriptions 
   
  POLICIES  
 Privacy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  XML Sitemap 

 ©IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
 A not-for-profit organization, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

    Sign In