Skip to content      

 About 
  Awards 
  Organisation | Officers 
  Officer Roles 
  Past Officers 
  Charter 
  Conference | Current Conference 
  Past Conferences 
  Publication Protocol 
  Action Manuals 
  Downloads 

     Navigation Menu     

     Navigation Menu     
 About 
  Awards 
  Organisation | Officers 
  Officer Roles 
  Past Officers 
  Charter 
  Conference | Current Conference 
  Past Conferences 
  Publication Protocol 
  Action Manuals 
  Downloads 

 SASADA PRIZE  
 From 2019, the Sasada Prize follows the discontinued Sasada Award (awarded from 2007 until 2016), which was instituted in the memory of Prof. Tsuyoshi Sasada (1941-2005), former Professor of Osaka University, co-founder and Fellow of CAADRIA, a prolific researcher and teacher from whose lab over 200 students have graduated, and better known as “Tee” in the community.  
 The Sasada Prize carries no monetary award. From 2019, the annual Sasada Prize will be given to an individual whose sustained record of contributions demonstrates or promises significant impact on the field of computer aided design. In keeping with Tee’s spirit, the award recipient will have contributed to the next generation of researchers and academics, to the wider profession and practice in computer aided design and research, and earned recognition in peer community.  
 The Award will be decided by a selection committee comprising  
 One member from the Osaka Lab (Prof. Atsuko Kaga, Osaka University) One CAADRIA Fellow, who will act as chairman (Prof. Tom Kvan, University of Melbourne) Current CAADRIA president  
 The Sasada Prize will be announced and presented at the CAADRIA conference.  
 → Sasada Prize and Sasada Award Recipients   
 Call for Nominations  
 The Sasada Prize is made annually. Nominations should be submitted to Prof. Thomas Kvan, by contacting [email protected]   . The submissions should include annotated CV with a covering statement as attachments via email. The Prize Committee may solicit nominations at its discretion. The committee will announce the Prize at the annual CAADRIA conference. The committee may choose to defer the Prize in any year for unspecified reasons.  
 The Sasada Award will be announced and presented at the CAADRIA conference. The Award supports the winner to undertake an academic visit at the Osaka Lab and covers some expenses for one week. The Award recipient will be expected to contribute to the academic and research activities at the Osaka Lab in the form of seminars and interaction with research students and staff.  

  YOUNG CAADRIA AWARD  
 Young CAADRIA Awards are funded by CAADRIA, given by a committee jointly by CAADRIA, the Paper Selection Committee, and the Conference Host and will be decided by them after the acceptance of papers. Awards will be applied to conference registration fees and are not transferable (e.g. awardees can not assign them to co-authors). If an awardee does not attend the conference no award will be given.  
 Open to full or part time currently registered students (Ph.D. or Masters or undergraduate) 
  Chosen before conference, winners exempt from paying registration 
  Student applies for award if the paper is selected for inclusion into the conference and is awarded on the basis of the CV and other supporting documents provided. These can include a maximum of 5 additional documents, for example previous publications that demonstrate research excellence, awards, etc. 
  Chosen on merit of abstract, contribution and relevance to CAADRIA and demonstrated depth of research interest 
  Can win the award more than once, chosen on merit of work 
  Criteria: | Clarity of concept 
  Understanding of context 
  Quality of writing 
  Strength of research in CV 
  Applicability to the wider architectural research 
  Typically only one student per university per year. 
  Application materials: your CV, list of publications, your accepted paper and other supporting documents (see point 3 above).  
 → Young CAADRIA Award Recipients   

  BEST PAPER AWARD  
 All papers printed in proceedings and presented at the conference are eligible and automatically taken into consideration. The following criteria will be taken in consideration for the selection of the Best Paper Award:  
 Clarity of writing 
  Good structure and argument 
  Contribution to the field 
  Good conclusion 
  Contribution and relevance to CAADRIA 
  Appropriately illustrated, good use of tables 
  Appropriate references (number of, range, range of sources etc) 
  CAADRIA’s Best Paper Award Committee is organized by CAADRIA’s Exco member  in charge of awards in collaboration with the Paper Selection Committee. The Award Committee is supported by two conference attendees who are appropriately qualified and have a good track record in publication in the field.  
 → Best Paper Award Recipients   
  BEST PRESENTATION AWARD  
 All papers printed in proceedings and presented at the conference are eligible and automatically taken into consideration. The following criteria will be taken in consideration for the selection of the Best Presentation Award:  
 Visual (appropriate media, visually pleasing, good images, not too much text) 
  Oral (intonation, speak to audience, register their reactions) 
  Timing (finishes in time, well paced) 
  Structure (logical buildup, easy to follow, story) 
  Q&A (questions handled well, if any) 
  CAADRIA’s Best Presentation Award Committee is organized by CAADRIA’s Exco member  in charge of awards in collaboration with the Paper Selection Committee. The Award Committee is supported by two conference attendees who are appropriately qualified and have a good track record in publication in the field.  
 → Best Presentation Award Recipients   

 Unless stated otherwise, content © CAADRIA 2024  

 Neve  | Powered by WordPress   

 Unless stated otherwise, content © CAADRIA 2024  

 Neve  | Powered by WordPress