Home 
  About 
  Conference 
  Exhibition 
  Awards 
  Workshops 
  Keynotes 
  PGSC 
  Register 
  Travel 
  Forum 

 18-24   
  March 2023   
 28th International Conference of the Association for Computer-Aided Architectural Design Research in Asia  
   
 Human-Centric  
 In the 21st century, the global immersion in technology has connected the world like never before, and technological impact is reaching even some of the most remote and impoverished areas of the world. As a consequence, the advancement and adoption of new technologies in all aspects of our society have profoundly changed how we design our environment to be healthy, liveable and equitable.  
 Computational design, simulation, analysis, fabrication, and management allow us to evaluate and forecast the performance of habitats with a deeper understanding of contexts.  
 Technology for social good is an agenda to articulate values, behaviours, and attitudes that focus on social impact – placing people at the focal point. In the context of a rapidly changing climate, it is has become evident that we are approaching a moment of no return; a moment in which our fate hangs in the balance. We as a species, and the societies we construct, must take immediate action and work collectively towards a brighter and more sustainable future.  
 CAADRIA2023 calls in particular for contributions addressing the conference theme by discussing the influence of technology on society, economy, environment, and governance pertaining to habitats where people are at the heart of the construction industry. We invite conversations and debate around key questions:  
 How do different computational design approaches contribute to the design, development and policy making of complex societies?  
 To what extent automation, machine intelligence and control of complex systems impact societal development?  
 How does the practical and real-world applications of computational research and technologies advance broader social well-being?  
 The 28th Annual Conference for Computer-Aided Architectural Design Research in Asia (CAADRIA) brings together academics, researchers, and practitioners to contribute to the fields of computational design methods, instruments, and processes to innovate for humans. Contributions focusing on the Asia/Pacific context are be particularly encouraged.  

 Key Dates  

 Exhibition of Projects  
 March 17-30, 2023  

 Pre-Conference Workshops  
 March 18-20, 2023  

 Postgraduation Student Consortium (PGSC)  
 March 20, 2023  

 Conference  
 March 21-23, 2023  

 Post-Conference Tour  
 March 24, 2023  

   CAADRIA 2023 India – 'Human Centric'  
  Hosted by:  
  Faculty of Architecture,  
  CEPT University,  
 Kasturbhai Lalbhai Campus,  
  Opposite Gujarat University,  
  Navrangpura, Ahmedabad 380009 INDIA  
       
 Platinum Sponsors  
     
 Gold Sponsors  
     
 Silver Sponsors  
 Shaporji Pallonji 

 © 2022 CAADRIA - India  
   
 Created by NetLink