Home 
  Conference | Venue 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Committee 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program | Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Social Events 
  Calls | Call For Papers 
  Call for Workshops & Tutorial Proposals 
  Satellite events 
  Registration 
  Local Information | About Rome 
  About Italy 
  Travel Information 
  Contact Us 
   
 Select Page     

 CADE-29  
 29th International Conference on Automated Deduction   
 July 1-4, 2023   
 Co-Located with FSCD 2023    
 Rome, Italy   

 Download Conference Proceedings    

 About   
 The Conference on Automated Deduction  (CADE) is the major international forum for presenting research on all aspects of automated deduction.  
  The conference programme includes invited talks, paper presentations, workshops, tutorials, and system competitions. Furthermore, the Herbrand Award  for Distinguished Contributions to Automated Deduction, the Skolem Award(s)  for influential historical CADE papers, and the Bill McCune  PhD Award, are presented at the conference.  
 The 29th International Conference on Automated Deduction (CADE-29) will take place from July 1 to 5, 2023 in Rome, Italy, with satellite events  
  on July 4 and 5. It will be co-located with FSCD 2023  .  
 Submissions to CADE-29 are divided in two categories: Regular papers (up to 15 pages in LNCS style, excluding references) and short papers (up to 10 pages in LNCS style, excluding references). More information about the submission process can be found in the Call for Papers.   
 The authors of a selection of the best CADE-29 papers will be invited to submit an extended version of their submission after the conference, to be published in a special issue of the Journal of Automated Reasoning.  
 CADE-29 is organized in cooperation with ACM SIGLOG  and implements the ACM policy against harassment.   

 Latest News  
 Technical Program is now | available 
  List of accepted papers is now | available 
  Check the conference satellite events here 
  Call for papers | is now available 
  Call for Workshop & Tutorial Proposals | is now available 

 Best Papers Awards   
 Best paper:   
  “Verified Given Clause Procedures” by Jasmin Blanchette, Qi Qiu and Sophie Tourret   
 Best student paper:   
  “Verification of NP-hardness for Exact Lattice Problems” by Katharina Kreuzer and Tobias Nipkow   
 Honorable mention for best student paper:   
  “Program Synthesis in Saturation” by   
  Petra Hozzová, Laura Kovács, Chase Norman and Andrei Voronkov   

 Download Conference handbook    
 Important Dates  
 Abstract submission deadline – Mon, 27 February 2023 
  Paper submission deadline – Mon, 6 March 2023** 
  Rebuttal phase – 18-20 April 2023 
  Notification – Wed, 3 May 2023 
  Final version submission deadline – Wed, 24 May 2023 

 Co – located Events  
 CADE Conference – | 1-4 (morning), July 2023 
  CADE | Satellite Events | – | 4 (afternoon)-6 July, 2023 
  FSCD | Conference | – 3-6 July 2023 
  FSCD | Satellite Events | – | 1-2 July, 2023 

 Sponsorship Opportunities    

 Venue, City, Country  

 Sapienza University of Rome  
  
 The conference will take place in The Faculty of Civil and Industrial Engineering of the Sapienza University of Rome.  

 Rome  
 Rome, Italy  will be the host city and country for CADE 29. Rome offers many advantages as a location. It is readily accessible -at affordable prices- internationally and directly from all major European air hubs (e.g. London, Frankfurt etc.). Rome is also accessible from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Middle East.  

 Italy  
 Officially the Italian Republic or Republic of Italy, is a country that consists of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and several islands surrounding it. Italy is located in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea, in Southern Europe, it is also considered part of Western Europe   

 Read More    
   
 Read More    
   
 Read More    

 Organiser   

 Sponsors   

 Special Lufthansa Group airlines fares  for flights to Rome (FCO airport).  
 Click here   for more information  

 Contact   
 For organizational matters and enquiries on academic program please contact:    
   
 Daniele Gorla   
 gorla@di.uniroma1.it    
 For enquiries and support on registration, travel and logistics please contact:    
 EasyConferences   
 info@easyconferences.eu    
 Tel: +357 22 591 900   

 All rights reserved |  EasyConferences Ltd.