Skip to main content   
 Back to Top        

 Information for:  
 Current Students 
  Alumni 
  Community 
  Faculty & Staff 
  Military 
  Patients 
    
   Search        

 Resources  

 A-Z Index 
  Degrees & Programs 
  Email 
  Libraries 
  News 
  Calendar 
  Campus Maps 
  Jobs & Careers 
  Campus Shuttles 
  Portals 
  POUNCE 

 Admissions 
  Academics 
  About 
  Student Life 
  Athletics 
  Research 
  Health 
  Giving 

 Augusta University 
  Computer & Cyber Sciences 
  Conferences 
  CANS 2023 
  Call for Papers 

 CANS 2023 - Call for Papers  

 CANS 2023  
 CANS 2023 
  Call For Papers 
  Programs 
  Registration 
  Local Arrangements 
  Committees 
  IWCCE Workshop 
  CCS Home 

  The 22nd International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security (CANS) spans current advances in all aspects of cryptology, data protection, and network and computer security. The session proceedings and recommendations will be published in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series by Springer  .   
 CANS 2023  will take place from October 31st to November 2nd, 2023, in Augusta, Georgia, USA.  
 Submission Deadline:  July 13th, 2023   
 Paper Notification:  August 10, 2023  
 Camera-Ready Deadline:  August 30, 2023  

 Submission Guidelines  

 High quality papers on unpublished research and implementation experiences may be submitted. All papers must be original and not substantially duplicated work that has been published at, or is simultaneously submitted to, a journal or another conference or workshop. All submissions must be written in English and span no more than 20 pages in the Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format (a Springer template can be found in Overleaf), including title, abstract, and bibliography. The introduction should summarize the contributions of the paper at the level understandable by a non-expert reader and explain the context to related work.  
 Submitted papers may contain supplementary material in the form of well-marked appendices of any length. However, the main paper should be intelligible without requiring the reader to consult supplementary material. Submissions must be anonymous  (no author names, affiliations, acknowledgments, or obvious references). The conference will also consider short papers of up to eight pages in the LNCS format, excluding the bibliography, for results that are not yet fully fleshed out or that simply require few pages to describe but still make a significant contribution.  
 All submissions must be processed with LaTeX2e according to the instructions given by Springer. Submitted manuscripts must be typeset in plain Springer LNCS format in particular without changing the font size, margins or line spacing. Submissions not meeting these guidelines may be rejected without consideration of their merits.  
 Papers must be submitted electronically in PDF format via EasyChair.   
 Submit papers   
 Presentation and Publication  
 At least one author of every accepted paper must register and pay the full registration fee (non-student) for the conference by the early registration deadline indicated by the organizers. Papers without a registered author will be removed from the sessions. Authors must present their own paper(s). Session proceedings, including all accepted papers, will be published in LNCS and will be available at the conference.  
  
  Topics  
 Access Control 
  Anonymity & Pseudonymity 
  Applied Cryptography 
  Attacks & Malicious Code 
  Authentication & Identification 
  Biometrics 
  Block & Stream Ciphers 
  Blockchain Security and Privacy 
  Cryptographic Algorithms and Primitives 
  Cryptographic Protocols 
  Cyber Physical Security 
    
 Data and Application Security 
  Denial of Service Protection 
  Data Protection 
  Data and Computation Integrity 
  Embedded System Security 
  Formal Methods for Security 
  Hash Functions 
  Identity Management 
  Key Management 
  Malware Analysis and Detection 
  Network Security 
  Peer-to-Peer 
    
 Privacy-Enhancing Technologies 
  Public Key Cryptography 
  Security & Privacy 
  Security and Privacy for Big Data 
  Security and Privacy in the Cloud 
  Security in Content Delivery 
  Secure Computation 
  Secure Distributed Computing 
  Security in Pervasive Systems 
  Security in Social Networks 
  Sensor Network Security 
  Security in Crowdsourcing 
    
 Security Architectures 
  Security in Grid Computing 
  Security Metrics 
  Security in the Internet of Things 
  Security Models 
  Security in Location Services 
  Security Policies 
  Trust Management 
  Usable Security 
  Virtual Private Networks 
  Wireless and Mobile Security 
  Zero-Knowledge Proofs 

   Augusta University  
 1120 15th Street, Augusta, GA 30912  
 Campus Maps 
  Campus Contacts 

 A-Z Directory 
  Degrees & Programs 
  Employment 
  Accessibility 
  Accreditation 
  Campus Safety 
  Compliance Hotline 
  Human Trafficking Notice 
  Privacy Notices 
  Title IX / Sexual Misconduct 
    
 Apply Now  Give Now    
   
 ©  2024 Augusta University  
   
   Facebook     Twitter     LinkedIn     Youtube     Instagram     

    ©