Scroll Top  Grace Hopper Lane, Suite 3300, Augusta, GA 30901   
 706-721-0491    

 DONATE NOW    

 Primary Menu     Home 
  About | About the Alliance for Fort Eisenhower 
  Our History 
  Message from the Chairman 
  Alliance Board Members 
  Fort Eisenhower Mission 
  CyberPatriot Center of Excellence 
  Greater Augusta Region 
  Economic Impact 
  Partnership | Partnership Levels 
  Resources | Employment Opportunities 
  K-12 Cybersecurity Education Calendar 
  Links to Resources 
  Live Here 
  Work Here 
  Quality of Life 
  Health 
  Learn Here 
  Play Here 
  News 

 International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security  

 Home      News      International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security    

             
 By m3seo   News    October 13, 2023    

 The 22nd International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security (CANS) spans current advances in all aspects of cryptology, data protection, and network and computer security. Hosted by the School of Computer and Cyber Sciences, CANS 2023  will be held on the Riverfront Campus of Augusta University  , Augusta, Georgia, USA.  
 Co-located with CANS 2023 is the International Workshop on the Challenges in Cybersecurity Education  that will take place on October 30, 2023  
 The International Workshop on the Challenges in Cybersecurity Education addresses workforce cybersecurity education needs and challenges from the EU and US perspectives. The workshop features invited speakers who will address cybersecurity education initiatives and existing programs in the EU/US space. The relevant topics encompass the entire spectrum of cybersecurity training and education: K-12, two-year and four-year degree programs, graduate programs, and professional training. Included in the scope of the workshop is the role of Department of Homeland Security/Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency and the National Security Agency in developing the US academic response to cybersecurity education through the Centers of Academic Excellence program.  
 For more information and to register: https://www.augusta.edu/ccs/conferences/cans2023/   

 MR. STAN SHEPHERD   
 Chairman   
 At our core is a best-in-class relationship between the Alliance, Fort Eisenhower, and our region. We are an independent organization with one mission—our efforts center on ensuring the success of the critical missions at Fort Eisenhower, knowing the increased importance of this military installation to our Nation’s security.  

     

 JOIN THE ALLIANCE FOR FORT EISENHOWER    

   Receive our weekly news updates and discover how you can get involved.   

 " *  " indicates required fields  
   
 Name *       
   
 Email *       
   
 Company     
   
 Telephone *       
   
 Message     
   
 Email     
 This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.   

 Δ     

 The mission of the Alliance is to promote, coordinate and advocate for the Fort Eisenhower Cyber District to stimulate investment in cyber growth and capitalize on opportunities for the benefit of all.  

 USEFUL LINKS  
    
 • | ABOUT 
  • | ECONOMIC IMPACT 
  • | PARTNERSHIP 
  • | RESOURCES 

 NEWSLETTER  
    
 Subscribe to our MailChimp newsletter and stay up to date with the Cyber District:  

 © Copyright 2023 Alliance for Fort Eisenhower  | Accessibility Statement