CAV 2023   
 35th International Conference on Computer Aided Verification  

 Menu  
 Skip to content  Home 
  Attending 
  Organisation 
  Keynotes 
  Proceedings 
  Program 
  Workshops | Mentoring 
  Accepted Papers 
  CAV Award 
  Call for Papers 
  Artifact Evaluation 

 CAV Award  
  
 This years CAV Award winners are  
  
 Jakob Rehof | TU Dortmund 
 Thomas Reps | UW-Madison 
 Akash Lal | Microsoft Research 
 Shaz Qadeer | Meta Research 
 Madan Musuvathi | Microsoft Research 
  
  For the introduction of context-bounded analysis and its application to the systematic testing of concurrent programs  
 Nomination  
 Anyone can submit a nomination. The Award Committee can originate a nomination. Anyone, with the exception of members of the Award Committee, is eligible to receive the Award. A nomination must state clearly the contribution(s), explain why the contribution is fundamental or the series of contributions is outstanding, and be accompanied by supporting letters and other evidence of worthiness.  
 Nominations should include a proposed citation (up to 25 words), a succinct (100-250 words) description of the contribution(s), and a detailed statement to justify the nomination. The cited contribution(s) must have been made not more recently than five years ago and not over twenty five years ago. In addition, the contribution(s) should not yet have received recognition via a major award, such as the ACM Turing or Kanellakis Awards. The nominee may have received such an award for other contributions.  
 For previous winners of the award, please see the main CAV award page  . Nominations should be submitted by e-mail to a member of the committee.  
 Important Dates  
 Nomination deadline: March 1, 2023    
 Award Committee  
  
 Parosh Abdulla  (Chair) | Uppsala University 
 Corina Pasareanu | NASA 
 Rupak Majumdar | MPI-SWS 
 Ranjit Jhala | University of California, San Diego 

 Sponsors    

 Platinum sponsors  

 Gold sponsors  

 Silver sponsors  

 Bronze sponsors  

 Institutional support  

 Proudly powered by WordPress  |  Theme: Expound by Konstantin Kovshenin