CCC 2022, July 20–23, Philadelphia  

  Home  Call for papers  Venue  Program  Registration  Travel information    

 Venue  
 CCC'22 will be held July 20–23, 2022 at the University of Pennsylvania  . Venue: Wu and Chen Auditorium, Levine Hall 3330 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA.   

   Program  
 A detailed program  is now available. All the events are going to be held at the Wu and Chen Auditorium.  
 Pre-recorded videos of talks are available via this link  .  
   
  Registration  
 Please use this link to register for the conference  . The registration fees are listed below. They include the opening reception, coffee breaks, and light breakfast.  
   
  The early registration deadline is June 26.   

 Registration Fees (USD) 
 Early (until June 26) | Late (June 27 or later) 
 Student | $220 | $275 
 Non-student | $320 | $375 

  Privacy policy  
 The registration information is used by the conference organizers to facilitate communication of registration confirmation and conference details, and for planning and running the event. Name, email address, status, and affiliation are shared with the executive committee of the Computational Complexity Foundation (CCF). Name and email address are used to determine the electorate for the CCF Board elections and for generating the ballots. Status and affiliation are used for statistics about conference attendance. Individual records are kept for no more than four years. Statistical data are kept indefinitely.   
  Travel information  
 Hotel Information  
 July is peak travel season in Philadelphia, and hotel accommodation may be difficult to find. For the convenience of the conference attendees, we have arranged for a block of rooms at The Study  at a special rate of $192.00 + taxes. In return, the hotel expects that a significant fraction of the rooms will be booked. We encourage participants to book accommodations at The Study  so that we can avoid the associated financial penalty.  
   
  The block covers the nights of July 20, 21, 22, and 23rd. The special rate is only for a limited number of rooms.  To avail of this rate, call the hotel at (215) 387-1400 and ask for the rate for "Computational Complexity Conference". You may also use this link for booking the hotel  at the group rate (valid until July 5).   
 Travel Allowances  
 In order to defray the costs of attending the conference, U.S. students may apply for travel allowances. Please see the application form  for more details, and submit your application by the stated deadline for full consideration.   
 Visa  
 A visa to the US may be needed for attending the conference. This website  has the exact rules. If a visa is needed, please get in touch with your local US consulate as soon as possible; the whole process may take several months. If you need an invitation letter, please email the local arrangements chair  with the subject line "Visa request: CCC 2022".   
 Arriving in Philadelphia, PA  
 By air:  Philadelphia International Airport  has direct flights from most major cities in the US as well as direct flights to several places in Europe. Another option is to fly into Newark Liberty International Airport  and then take an Amtrak train  to Philadelphia.  
 By rail:  Amtrak  has regular train services from New York, Baltimore and Washington D.C. to Philadelphia.  
 By bus:  Many bus services to Philadelphia from New York, Washington DC among others.  
 By car:  Those who are driving to Philadelphia can get parking at one of the Penn public parking garages  (though the public parking spots tend to fill up early in the morning). The rate is $17 per day. The closest parking garage (to the conference venue) is the one at 34th street and Chestnut. If that is full, another viable option is the garage on 38th street and Walnut.  
   
  Join Mailing Lists  
 If you would like to receive announcements about future activities and events in complexity, you can subscribe to these mailing lists: Join CCF announcement list | - This list is maintained by the President and Secretary of CCF. Mailing list members remain on the list until they request to be removed or their email address no longer works. The mailing list receives no more than a handful of messages per year, which are all announcements regarding CCC or CCF. 
    
  Code of Conduct  
 The open exchange of ideas and the freedom of thought and expression are central to the aims and goals of CCC. These require an environment that recognizes the inherent worth of every person and group, that fosters dignity, understanding, and mutual respect, and that embraces diversity. The CCC'22 organizers are committed to providing an environment that is free of discrimination and harassment, and expect all participants to honor that commitment.  
 CCC 2022 is a participant in the SafeTOC  initiative. The SafeTOC volunteers for CCC 2022 are:  
 Natalie Collina 
  Tom Gur 
  Mary Wootters 

  Statement on Russian-affiliated Papers in the CCC Program  
 The CCF board extensively discussed the issue of allowing papers from scientists affiliated with Russia in the CCC program. Allowing them was not an easy decision, but it is one we feel is aligned with CCF's principles. We condemn the Russian Federation's war on Ukraine in the strongest possible terms. Our inclusion of some papers with Russian-affiliated authors is in no way to be construed as an endorsement of the Russian government or its actions.   
 Local Organizers  
 Anindya De | (Chair), University of Pennsylvania 
    
  Questions?  
 Please email the local arrangements team  .   
   
 Updated Sep 26, 2022  

 Organized by:   

 In cooperation with: