CCC 2023, July 17–20, Warwick, UK  

  Home  Call for papers  Venue  Program  Registration  Travel information    

 Venue  
 CCC'23 will be held from July 17–20, 2023 in Warwick, UK. The conference will happen in the Zeeman Building (Mathematics Institute) on the Central Campus  of the University of Warwick. The university of Warwick is located in the outskirts of Coventry  , UK—in particular, it is not actually in the nearby town of Warwick  ! The central campus is also easily accessible from Kenilworth  (15 mins by bus) and Leamington Spa  (30 mins by bus), and members of the university often live in one of these towns. Larger cities such as Birmingham and London can be reached by train  in about 30 and 75 minutes, respectively. Major universities near Warwick include the University of Birmingham and Oxford University.   
  
   Program  
 CCC'23 features a program of 36 talks, including 3 invited talks spread over four days. There will be no tutorial day. A detailed program  will be made available.  
   
  Registration  
 Registration is now open at this link  . The early registration deadline is June 16  , and the late registration deadline is July 10  . The registration fees are: Regular attendees:  £240 (early), £360 (late). Students:  £150 (early), £225 (late).   
  
 Privacy policy  
 The registration information is used by the conference organizers to facilitate communication of registration confirmation and conference details, and for planning and running the event. Name, email address, status, and affiliation are shared with the executive committee of the Computational Complexity Foundation (CCF). Name and email address are used to determine the electorate for the CCF Board elections and for generating the ballots. Status and affiliation are used for statistics about conference attendance. Individual records are kept for no more than four years. Statistical data are kept indefinitely.   
  Travel information  
 Hotel Information  
 If you prefer to stay on campus, usually there are rooms available at Radcliffe  , Scarman  , or Arden (all managed by Warwick Conferences  ), which are conveniently located within a 5-min walk to the department. Other options are Coventry, Kenilworth and Leamington Spa. Coventry and Leamington have excellent train connections to London, Oxford, and Birmingham, and offer a variety of cafes and restaurants. Kenilworth is a quieter and older town with fewer restaurants and cafes, but offers a faster commute to Warwick. Check for airbnbs  and hotels  in these areas. For more information, please see Accommodation and local restaurants  .   
 Travel Allowances  
 Students may apply for travel allowances. Please see the application form  for more details, and submit your application by the stated deadline for full consideration.   
 Visa  
 Some attendees may need a visa to enter the United Kingdom and participate in the conference. See the UK government visa site  to check whether a visa is required and how to obtain one. If a visa is needed (likely to be a standard visitor visa  ), please get in touch with your local consulate as soon as possible; the process could take up to a couple of months. Please get in touch with the local arrangements committee  if you need a letter to obtain your visa.  
   
 Arriving in Warwick, UK  
 Birmingham International Airport (BHX)  has direct flights from most major cities in Europe. BHX has convenient train connections to Coventry and Leamington Spa, and the trip takes around 20 minutes. For long-distance flights, the more common option is to fly into London Heathrow Airport (LHR)  and then take a National Express coach (bus)  or a train  to Coventry. London Gatwick Airport (LGW)  also has convenient train connections to Coventry.  
 Reaching the University of Warwick:  For local transportation, take the Bus 11  to travel from Kenilworth and Leamington Spa to the University. The buses U1 and U2  also run from Leamington Spa to the University. Buses 11  and 12X  can be used to travel between the university and Coventry railway station and Bus/Coach Station ( Pool Meadow Bus Station  ). For more information, please see Getting to the campus  .  
   
  Join Mailing Lists  
 If you would like to receive announcements about future activities and events in complexity, you can subscribe to these mailing lists: Join CCF announcement list | - This list is maintained by the President and Secretary of CCF. Mailing list members remain on the list until they request to be removed or their email address no longer works. The mailing list receives no more than a handful of messages per year, which are all announcements regarding CCC or CCF. 
    
  Code of Conduct  
 The open exchange of ideas and the freedom of thought and expression are central to the aims and goals of CCC. These require an environment that recognizes the inherent worth of every person and group, that fosters dignity, understanding, and mutual respect, and that embraces diversity. The CCC'23 organizers are committed to providing an environment that is free of discrimination and harassment, and expect all participants to honor that commitment.  
 CCC 2023 is a participant in the SafeTOC  initiative. The SafeTOC volunteers for CCC 2023 are:  
 Mary Scott 
  Namrata 
  Tom Gur 
  Mahdi Cheraghchi 
  Ian Mertz 

  Local Organizers  
 Artur Czumaj | , University of Warwick 
  Tom Gur | (Chair), University of Warwick 
  Sathyawageeswar Subramanian | , University of Warwick 
    
  Questions?  
 Please email the local arrangements team  .   
   
 Updated Jul 14, 2023