Cooperative Design, Visualization, and Engineering | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
   
 DE     
 EN      
   
 Bücher       
   
 Zeitschriften       
   
 Themenseiten Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Organisationspsychologie    Projektmanagement    Marketing    Smart Manufacturing      

 Weitere Formate Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Podcasts    Webinare Technik    Webinare Wirtschaft    Kongresse    Veranstaltungskalender    Awards    MyNewsletter      

 Jetzt Einzelzugang starten       
   
 Zugang für Unternehmen       
   
 Referenzkunden       
   
 Sustainability in Automotive       

 Gesamtlebenszyklus wird immer wichtiger  
 In der Digitalkonferenz am 5. Dezember 2024 geht es um die wachsende Bedeutung der Kreislaufwirtschaft in der Automobilindustrie und wie nachhaltige Werkstoffe sowie wiederverwendbare Komponenten dazu beitragen können.  

 Springer Professional     
   
   Suche   Suchbegriffe eingeben       Suchen     
  
 Erweiterte Suche      

  Anmelden      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT BENÖTIGT    
 Bitte aktivieren Sie Java-Script in Ihrem Browser, damit Sie alle Vorteile und Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER WIRD NICHT MEHR UNTERSTÜZT    
 Der Internet Explorer wird als Browser seitens Microsoft nicht mehr unterstützt. Für Ihr optimales Nutzungserlebnis wählen Sie bitte Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome oder Firefox als Browser.   

 nach oben    

 2023 | Buch  

 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
   
 Cooperative Design, Visualization, and Engineering  
 20th International Conference on Cooperative Design, Visualization and Engineering, CDVE 2023, Mallorca, Spain, October 1–4, 2023, Proceedings  
 herausgegeben von: Yuhua Luo   
   
 Verlag: Springer Nature Switzerland    
 Buchreihe : Lecture Notes in Computer Science    
 Enthalten in: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Inhaltsverzeichnis    

      Suchen      
 insite    
 SUCHEN    

 Über dieses Buch  
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 20th International Conference on Cooperative Design, Visualization, and Engineering, CDVE 2023, held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, in October 2023.  
  The 20 full papers and 6 short papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 62 submissions. The papers cover a wide application spectrum including architecture, engineering and construction (AEC), apace craft building, heavy industry, robotics, tourism, education, community building, medical supply industry, commerce.  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Loggen Sie sich ein, um Ihre Alerts zu aktualisieren und Neue anzulegen.  

 Anzeige   

 Inhaltsverzeichnis  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Proposal and Evaluation of Collaborative Event-Triggered Algorithms in Ultra-Dense Wireless Sensor Network  
  Abstract   
 Wireless sensor networks and monitoring of environmental parameters such as humidity, temperature, rainfall, and soil salinity, among others, play a crucial role in precision agriculture. Power consumption can be reduced while maintaining accuracy by using collaborative and event-triggered algorithms. In this fact, reducing the energy used by the network is possible. This paper aims to propose a set of algorithms to improve the Quality of Information and the efficiency of the data collection process in a collaborative wireless sensor network while reducing the measuring frequency. In this way, the system will only be activated when necessary, creating an alarm system that will notify the farmer of a problem. Four algorithms are compared through simulations using a cluster of 16 nodes in 41 iterations that involve the detection of events in four scenarios. The option of including broadcast or multicast in the collaborative algorithm is evaluated. The study shows that the event-driven collaborative algorithm performs equal to or better than event-driven algorithms in all tested scenarios. In Scenario 3, a collaborative-based streaming algorithm has only a 1.45% error compared to 3.20% for multicast and 5.44% for the event-driven algorithm.   
   
 Sandra Viciano-Tudela, Paula Navarro-Garcia, Lorena Parra, Sandra Sendra, Jaime Lloret   

 A Cooperative Protocol for Wireless Energy Networks  
  Abstract   
 The recent revival of Tesla’s original idea of transferring power without the use of wires has led to the conception of a wireless energy network as a new networking paradigm. Starting from the bases established in a previous article, this paper proposes a protocol to regulate the interaction between energy users and energy providers. Specifically, in that earlier publication, two categories of energy providers were introduced, namely a primary source and multiple secondary sources. The proposed protocol promotes cooperation between primary and secondary sources to save as much energy as possible in the process of supplying energy to users.   
   
 Juan Lladó, Sebastià Galmés   

 Dynamic Secure Mesh for Collaborative Nodes of IoT Devices  
  Abstract   
 The ESP-NOW  protocol on ESP32 MCUs with MicroPython firmware can create a system of smart IoT nodes based on dynamic secure mesh networks. Collaboration between static and mobile nodes is achieved through connectionless communication. A layered IoT architecture helps model, design, and implement the system. The mesh is secured by node authentication mechanism. Brokerless publish/subscribe message passing is used for message exchange. A mesh-to-cloud setup using UART communication between two nodes is proposed. The dynamic mesh network together with dynamic scripting can create an environment for smart IoT AI-enabled systems that is reliable, efficient, maintainable, and cost-effective.   
   
 Sylvia Encheva, Sharil Tumin   

 Art in the Machine: Value Misalignment and AI “Art”  
  Abstract   
 Why have online artist communities largely rejected AI image generators when they have embraced other technologies? We focus on cooperative design and community values to first frame these communities as digital counterculture akin to transformative fandom. Then, we use this framework to explore the online art community’s core principles in order to surface four key values (accessibility, distributed mentoring, gift economy, and authenticity), and illustrate their fundamental disconnect with the values espoused by advocates of current AI image generators. Finally, we conclude with suggestions for human and value-centered design of these technologies in collaborative creative visual communities to prevent similar unintended consequences.   
   
 Alyse Marie Allred, Cecilia Aragon   

 Exploring the Usability of the LCH Color Model for Web Designers  
  Abstract   
 Although the LCH color models have been around for many years, it has just recently been included in web specifications and is currently being implemented by browser vendors. Several voices argue that the LCH color model for web will drastically change how web designers work with colors and lead to improved results. This study explores the usability of the LCH model in context of web design and how the LCH model could affect accessibility. Two specific use cases are addressed, the selection of color harmonies and adherence to color contrast requirements. The results indicate that the LCH model is a worse choice than HSL when the model is used incorrectly to select color harmonies using textbook RYB color theory. Although LCH in some situations simplifies work with color contrasts compared to HSL it seems unlikely to drastically change how designers work with contrast. Several potential challenges with LCH from a pragmatic design usability perspective are discussed.   
   
 Frode Eika Sandnes   

 Modeling and Visualization of Complex Systems with the Use of GraphTool  
  Abstract   
 This paper proposes a model of a complex design system in the form of a system of graphs with attributed and labeled not only nodes and edges but also entire graphs. The primary task of the graph system is to collect data from information provided by the context and organize this data according to the relationships between them, including adding metadata represented by layers with graph labels that designate the appropriate graphs for layers. At the layer level, we can define relationships between layers as relationships between nodes of graphs belonging to different layers. The proposed model has been implemented in GraphTool which is designed to support modeling and visualization of this graph system type using computer tools for graph transformation. The approach presented in this paper will be illustrated by an example that, concerns human resources management in a large software company and is an example of a description of human cooperation.   
   
 Iwona Świderska, Ewa Grabska, Wojciech Palacz   

 Pruning CapsNet for Hand Gesture Recognition with sEMG Signal Based on Two-Dimensional Transformation  
  Abstract   
 The sEMG signal-based recognition is broadly used in the field of human-computer interaction. To improve the signal classification accuracy, this paper proposes a two-dimensional transformation pruning capsule network (TDPCAPS) to recognize different hand gestures. To apply deep learning methods to signal classification, a two-dimensional transformation method is proposed, which converts feature vectors into two-dimensional feature data. Moreover, using the capsule network to explore the characteristics of the sEMG signal, as this model overcomes the defect that the convolution neural network fails to capture the correlation among features. However, the capsule network requires a lot of computing resources, so this paper adopts a pruning mechanism to reduce the number of coupling coefficients and speed up the calculating process. In the experiments of electrode displacement and several subjects, the recognition accuracy of TDPCAPS reaches 84.92% and 80.31%, respectively. Meanwhile, the classification time for a window is reduced by 11.39%. The experimental results show that the proposed method can ensure recognition accuracy and improve computational efficiency at the same time.   
   
 Zheng Wang, Sheng Wei, Hangyao Tu, Yanwei Zhao   

 Tool for Game Plot Line Visualization for Designers, Testers and Players  
  Abstract   
 This paper presents a tool for automatic and interactive visualization of game plots, which can be used to check whether the designers’ work meets the constraints of the world, to help testers control played game story paths. The referential designers’ game plots can be imported from any flowchart diagrams as an XML file and the actual gameplay variant is generated on the fly and applied to the original design based on detected common diagram points.   
   
 Leszek Nowak, Iwona Grabska-Gradzińska, Wojciech Palacz, Ewa Grabska, Maria Guzik   

 A BIM-Based XR Solution for Cooperative Infrastructure Design  
  Abstract   
 In recent years, efforts have been made to improve productivity in Architecture, Engineering, and Construction (AEC) through Building Information Modeling (BIM), which involves sharing 3D models across the entire project. In civil engineering projects, which involve various stakeholders, remote meetings have been employed to reduce travel time and costs. However, conventional remote meetings using flat displays have faced challenges in terms of participant presence, understanding the three-dimensional shape of objects under discussion, tracking model changes, and grasping the evolution of the model during construction. Therefore, this research aimed to develop a remote meeting system for civil engineering design discussions using BIM and Extended Reality (XR) to support remote participants. The system consists of MR remote meetings, design change tracking, collaborative 3D model editing functionality, and 4D simulation for construction planning. A prototype system was developed, and a comparative evaluation was conducted between the proposed method and the conventional method.   
   
 Nobuyoshi Yabuki, Atsuhiro Yamamoto, Tomohiro Fukuda   

 Novice Behavior Analysis in Business Training by Using Tobii Eye Tracking Technology  
  Abstract   
 Advanced technology exists in various business sectors. It is important to identify fundamental skills that are required in each business. This research aims to understand the situation or obstacles confronted by a novice staff individual while they perform required business tasks. This can provide an initial understanding of newly employed staff’s behavior and tailor meaningful training for them. Each employee performs required job tasks based on their previous background knowledge and experiences. To succeed in new job tasks, a proposed training guideline can assist novices get started and cooperate successfully with others throughout the new business environment. With the use of Tobii Eye Tracking Technology, the researcher can gather a novice’s behavior through eye tracking hardware—Tobii Glasses 3. This method discloses hidden thinking and level of task performance. Tobii Pro Lab is a software for doing analysis with 4 features: 1) gaze plots; 2) heat maps; 3) times of interest; 4) areas of interest to achieve the goal of providing information in training new employees.   
   
 Sutipong Sutipitakwong, Pornsuree Jamsri   

 A Multilevel Industrial Internet Value Co-creation System Structure and Mechanism  
  Abstract   
 Industrial Internet is a new form of industrial organization that accelerates the reshaping and transformation of the industrial chain, making the structure of the industrial value chain increasingly complex. Under this context, traditional organizational theory and value theory are insufficient to support a comprehensive and systematic industry analysis. This paper integrates ecological theory and value co-creation theory to propose a multilevel and dynamic evolutionary value co-creation system architecture for Industrial Internet. It analyzes the key elements, value creation motivation and activities at different levels and provides decision methods and suggestions for government, Industrial Internet leaders and participants to make industrial policies.   
   
 Siwei Yang, Shuangxi Huang, Yunjian Qiu, Xing Luo, Xi He   

 Cooperative Development of a Technical, Entrepreneurial Mindset in Manufacturing  
  Abstract   
 This study focuses on the importance of developing technical and entrepreneurial capabilities to support the digital transformations in manufacturing, known as Industry 4.0 and Industry 5.0. Digital transformation creates new business opportunities through product and service development that demand new skills and capabilities from the workforce, such as analytical ability, problem-solving, ideation and innovation. However, these skills are not usually found in the manufacturing operators but are more closely associated with entrepreneurs.   
 The study proposes a cooperative learning approach to address this challenge that combines domain-specific technical skills (such as monitoring manufacturing data, programming, data analysis, and automation) with entrepreneurial skills. The approach aims to upgrade digital and entrepreneurial skills by co-designing learning programmes with industry stakeholders. Insights gained can be used to develop workforce capabilities and promote digital transformation.   
 The proposed concept involves collaboration between stakeholders in digitised manufacturing to build workforce capabilities. The goal is to generate a shared understanding of skill-building and learning programmes and to create a new foundation for decision-making.   
 This study highlights the need to combine core technical and contextual entrepreneurial skills to support industrial digitalisation and prepare the manufacturing workforce for new challenges. By adopting a cooperative learning approach, stakeholders can develop learning activities that enhance the workforce’s digital capabilities, creating a more agile and responsive manufacturing industry.   
   
 Rene Bennyson, Lasse Christiansen, Esben S. Laursen   

 A Comparative Study on Manipulator Development in Multi-robotic Systems  
  Abstract   
 Robotic assembly of modular blocks has a great interest in multi-robotic studies in many disciplines. The existing studies primarily focus on context-specific tasks, especially in the self-assembly of robots, from an engineering perspective. However, considering a modular composition's entire design and fabrication process regarding mereological relationships is significant for the module's reuse in different pattern formations by mobile multi-robots. This study defines mobile robot swarms’ adaptability to the assembly-disassembly-reassembly (ADR) process to any-time change of the 3D pattern being assembled. Hence, the robot's manipulator needs to be compatible with picking up, carrying, attaching, and detaching the modules in the ADR process. This study questions the effects of the ADR process on manipulator development in multi-robotic systems. It aims to customize and develop manipulator systems beyond the existing gripper for multi-robot systems. Accordingly, it introduces a new conceptual understanding of manipulators’ taxonomy as friction-based and active and passive magnetic field-based end-effectors for the ADR process. Active indicates the use of electromagnets, whereas passive refers to using metal parts in the manipulator’s body. A physical experiment is conducted based on the above-stated taxonomies whose manipulators are printed in the Creality Ender3 and mounted to a mobile robot with a differential drive. The process is observed to discuss the introduced magnetic end-effectors, the system’s adaptability needs, and the pros and cons compared to the conventional gripper.   
   
 Özlem Çavuş, İnanç Şencan, Ozan Balcı   

 Evaluation System and Efficient Improvement of Reverse Logistics for Shared Bicycle  
  Abstract   
 With the rise in popularity of shared bicycles, a growing number of defective shared bicycles are constantly abandoned indiscriminately and leads to a relatively serious impact on the city traffic and the environment. As such, the establishment of a recycling system for faulty bicycles becomes imperative, with the key challenges lying in selecting an appropriate recovery method and reducing recycling costs. This study focuses on the reverse logistics of shared bicycle recycling and employs the Analytic Network Process (ANP) to develop an evaluation system and address the associated evaluation indicators. Building upon this foundation, an optimization model for minimizing reverse recovery costs is proposed, and the minimum recovery cost is calculated using the LINGO software. Then a more complete recycling model and evaluation system are established. The effectiveness and practicality of the model and evaluation system are demonstrated through illustrative examples.   
   
 Chengchong Gao, Yunxia Wang, Ying Dong, Hongxi Yuan, Zhiliang Wang   

 Skeleton-Based Fall Detection Using Computer Vision  
  Abstract   
 Falling is one of the biggest public health issues that can cause many serious long-term repercussions for patients and their families. In this paper, we propose an appropriate model for fall detection using graph convolutional networks. Recently, most problems related to human action recognition, including fall detection, can be handled by applying the spatio-temporal graph convolutional model using 2D or 3D skeletal data. We take advantage of the transfer learning technique from the NTU RGB + D consisting of 60 daily actions to extract features for fall detection tasks efficiently. Besides, to highlight critical frames in the original sequence, we suggest using a temporal attention module consisting of two parts: (1) an average global pooling, and (2) two fully connected layers. We conduct the test on two datasets, leading to a 3.12% increase in the TST dataset and a 2.67% improvement in the FallFree dataset. Notably, concerning the FallFree dataset, the model’s accuracy is up to 100%.   
   
 Can Thi Hoa Mai, Duong Thi Phuong Dung, Pham Le Anh Duc, Phan Duy Hung   

 Deep Regression Learning for Collaborative Electronically Assisted Astronomy  
  Abstract   
 Observing deep sky is a fascinating activity, and the democratization of automated telescopes for the general public makes the practice of Electronically Assisted Astronomy even more accessible. In this paper, we show how Deep Regression Learning can be useful for supporting collaboration between astronomers to obtain better images.   
   
 Olivier Parisot   

 A Deeping Learning Based Framework and System for Effective Land Use Mapping  
  Abstract   
 This paper proposes and implements a novel framework that uses deep learning to classify and visualise satellite land images. The proposed framework uses deep learning to accurately detect features in satellite images, automating the extraction of useful information from large datasets. It involves building and training a deep learning module using various algorithms and settings to improve geographic data processing. Overall, this paper contributes to the field of spatial image processing and highlights the potential benefits of deep learning in land-use mapping and related applications. The implementation of this technology can increase agricultural productivity, improve natural disaster management, and protect the environment.   
   
 Xiaojin Liao, Xiaodi Huang, Weidong Huang   

 Video and Audio Linkage in Recommender System  
  Abstract   
 Among the enormous volume of data available, the recommender system assists users in locating useful information that meets their needs. Video and audio recordings are complex media and linking datasets that satisfy defined requirements is becoming an increasingly significant, but challenging endeavor. As part of this paper, we propose a data linkage approach for matching audio recordings to related music videos. A cooperative method was introduced utilizing the Elasticsearch search engine primarily for preprocessing. Data features were further aggregated using text data matching scores, date and time features, popularity scores, and data completeness scores. We automated the machine learning process using PyCaret, which gave us more time for analysis and less time for coding. Experiments demonstrate that this method can generate a ranking of significant features and performance tracking that improves the efficacy of data linking.   
   
 Le Dinh Huynh, Phan Quang Huy, Phan Duy Hung, Vu Thu Diep   

 Visual Design with Representation of Patterns Using Composition Graphs  
  Abstract   
 This paper concerns the computer-aided process of designing architectural objects in the form of 3D primitive configurations following the general-to-detail principle. Design objects are represented by labeled specific graphs called composition graphs (CP-graphs) with nodes that have bonds to which edges are attached. The problem of grouping 3D design primitives in patterns with the possibility of their multiple uses is considered. This paper aims to show how to create equivalents of patterns at the level of CP-graphs and what possibilities this type of graph structure gives.   
   
 Ewa Grabska, Agnieszka Mars   

 Group-Based Collaborative Environments for Coastal Areas Monitoring  
  Abstract   
 Monitoring natural environments has become increasingly important, leading to research focused on improving their performance. This paper introduces a system for communication among nodes in an environment. Specifically, we propose a novel approach called group-based collaborative environments for coastal area monitoring. This approach utilizes a hierarchical network architecture, organizing nodes into groups. Multiple environments within a coastal area are monitored using group-based wireless sensor networks (WSNs). We have developed a mathematical model to estimate the energy consumption of this network configuration. Simulation results demonstrate energy savings of approximately 45% can be achieved using this approach.   
   
 Sandra Sendra, Alberto Ivars-Palomares, Miguel Zaragoza-Esquerdo, Jaime Lloret   

 Turning Human into 2D Virtual Character Using Real-Time Motion Capture  
  Abstract   
 As technologies are advancing, people are also more interested in virtual reality experiences where not only virtual characters are intriguing but also how they are created and used. This paper proposes a way to apply motion capture using computer vision-based techniques to generate a 2D virtual character that can simulate human performance in real-time. Our proposed method is divided into two key phases in order to achieve a fully functional result: (1) the first phase consists of collecting virtual character data, and (2) the second phase constructs systems to detect and track the human upper body movements. In order to give the virtual character the capability to imitate human actions, which mainly includes the upper body motion-tracking system. The experiment demonstrates that the system is able to capture human upper body and facial expression which naturally simulate realistic 2D virtual characters in real-time. Ultimately, this technique provides a simpler, cheaper, and more efficient way of creating virtual humans in a digital environment, as well as proposes the potential applications of virtual humans in a variety of applications, such as identity security, the entertainment industry, education, and other areas that are related to human interaction with computers.   
   
 Ky Trung Nguyen, Linh Xuan Vu, Thi Thanh Quynh Nguyen   

 Partnerships as a Means to Improve the Conditions for Achieving Sustainability in SMEs  
  Abstract   
 Environmental sustainability is a global challenge that requires urgent action. Companies, including small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), play a crucial role in achieving a sustainable future. However, SMEs often face challenges due to limited resources making it difficult to initiate sustainability efforts independently. One way to overcome these challenges is through partnerships. However, only limited knowledge exists on establishing partnerships in practice to improve the conditions for achieving sustainability. Hence, this article highlights the significance of establishing a partnership to improve sustainability conditions in an SME. The topic is investigated through a single case study at a Danish SME. The case study shows several practical aspects to consider when setting up a partnership to improve the conditions for achieving sustainability in an SME. E.g., an attractive value proposition for the chosen stakeholder(s) and a real opportunity to gain insight into sustainability factors. The results of this study are limited and should only be regarded as preliminary.   
   
 Esben Skov Laursen, Christina Koch Pedersen, René Bennyson   

 SmartOTP Solution for Small and Medium-Sized Businesses  
  Abstract   
 With the rise of Web 2.0 and Web 3.0, personal information and identity have become a primary part of our lives, along with it, the security of said information. Most of the websites allow us to have our own user account to represent ourselves online. But with hacking and identity theft having no sign of decreasing, it is getting harder to trust those user accounts. As a result, identity authentication solutions have become a focus of attention for some time. One of the more focused solutions is One-Time Password (OTP). There are currently many commercial OTP solutions from many identity providers such as Amazon Web Service, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud that are complete and flexible to be applied to almost any use case. However, some businesses may require a simple and scalable solution that can quickly adapt to their needs. The paper presents such a solution for small and medium sized businesses. The paper describes the architecture and technologies applied to the solution to be able to achieve that goal. The approaches and results of the paper are completely applicable to businesses of any size.   
   
 Le Viet Thang, Phan Duy Hung   

 Championing Electromobility with Co-engineered Services Based on Artificial Intelligence and Interdisciplinarity  
  Abstract   
 While artificial intelligence is nowadays routinely and seamlessly part of our everyday life, a large potential of its impact is yet emerging on fundamental economic, environmental, and societal challenges such as developing alternative modes of driving, especially in urban areas. This article discusses a Luxembourgish Testing and Experimentation Facility specifically devoted to the expansion of electromobility, as part of the Digital Europe CitCom.ai project. The underlying approach combines cross-disciplinary expertise (in energy management, sustainability assessment, advanced computing, and secure communications) with powerful and trustworthy artificial intelligence for the collaborative design, implementation, and assessment of a range of innovative services answering the needs of Smart Cities and Communities for the benefit of citizens.   
   
 Thomas Tamisier, German Castignani, Laurence Johannsen   

 Exploring the Potential of Smart Streetlighting for Energy Efficiency and Cost Reduction on a Greener Campus  
  Abstract   
 This paper presents the methods and preliminary results of a project investigating smart streetlighting, the Smart Street Lighting System (SSLS). The project came about because of a practical problem: reducing the electricity consumption, and, consequently, electricity costs, of a university in northern Thailand. We show simple and inexpensive ways to both monitor and reduce the power consumption of street lighting on a university campus. A cloud-based real-time database has been employed to support the administrative staff. The database is being used to manage and control streetlamps centrally. The data are displayed as an easy-to-use dashboard highlighting warnings and the general status of the streetlamps. Moreover, a smartphone app can control streetlamps locally, if necessary. The results show that during a period of five months power consumption of smart streetlamps could be reduced by about 55% compared to time-controlled streetlamps.   
   
 Yoseung Kim, Michael Brückner   

 The New Paradigm of Work from Home: An Exploratory Study in Thailand  
  Abstract   
 The primary aim of this study is to investigate the challenges faced by employees in Thailand while working from home. It is a purely quantitative research endeavor, providing initial findings from a comprehensive study on work-from-home arrangements in the country. The study’s sample size included 818 participants, with an equal representation of participants from each of the four regions: Northeastern, Northern, Central, and Southern. Single-cluster sampling was utilized as the sampling technique. The study’s results revealed the most significant challenges experienced by Thai employees while working from home. These challenges include a lack of interaction with co-workers (56.5%), internet connection problems (51.3%), noise disturbances at home (49.5%), coping with hot weather (45.2%), and facing distractions leading to missed deadlines (40.1%). The work-from-home setup, shedding light on crucial factors affecting productivity and well-being during this mode of work.   
   
 Eugenia Arazo Boa, Michael Brückner   

 Backmatter  

 Metadaten   

 Titel  Cooperative Design, Visualization, and Engineering    
 herausgegeben von  Yuhua Luo  
     
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-3-031-43815-8    
 Print ISBN  978-3-031-43814-1    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-43815-8     

 » zur Fachgebietsseite Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 

 Weitere Formate | Podcasts 
  Webinare Technik 
  Webinare Wirtschaft 
  Kongresse 
  Veranstaltungskalender 
  Awards 
  MyNewsletter 
  Fachgebiete | Automobil + Motoren 
  Bauwesen + Immobilien 
  Business IT + Informatik 
  Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 
  Energie + Nachhaltigkeit 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Führung 
  Marketing + Vertrieb 
  Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe 
  Versicherung + Risiko 
  Bücher 
  Zeitschriften 
  Themenseiten | Organisationspsychologie 
  Projektmanagement 
  Marketing 
  Smart Manufacturing 
  Jetzt Einzelzugang starten 
  Zugang für Unternehmen 
  Referenzkunden 
  Sustainability in Automotive 
   MyNewsletter 

  Über uns:     
  
 In eigener Sache    Das Team    Redaktionelles Leitbild    Hilfe    Referenzen      
 Unsere Produkte:     
  
 Einzelzugang    Zugang für Unternehmen    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Verlag - Bücher    KI-gestützte Suche      
 Rechtliche Informationen:     
  
 Impressum    AGB    Datenschutzerklärung    Cookies    Cookies verwalten    Verträge hier kündigen    Zahlungsarten      
 Weiterführende Links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Mediadaten    Corporate Solutions    Whitepaper    Gabler Wirtschaftslexikon    Gabler Banklexikon    Versicherungsmagazin      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3926.0