Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 CHIRA 2023 will be held in conjunction with WEBIST 2023    and icSPORTS 2023    .   
  Registration to CHIRA allows free access to the WEBIST and icSPORTS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The purpose of the International Conference on Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications (CHIRA) is to bring together professionals, academics and students who are interested in the advancement of research and practical applications of interaction design & human-computer interaction. Four parallel tracks will be held, covering different aspects of Computer-Human Interaction, including Human Factors and Information Systems, Interactive Devices, Interaction Design and Adaptive and Intelligent Systems.  
 Papers describing original work on advanced methods, prototypes, systems, tools and techniques as well as general survey papers indicating future directions are encouraged. Accepted papers will be presented at the conference by one of the authors and published in the Proceedings of CHIRA, which will be placed on at least one Digital Library and sent for indexation by the major international indexes.  
    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Human Factors for Interactive Systems, Research, and Applications   
  
  2  .  Interactive Devices   
  
  3  .  Interaction Design   
  
  4  .  Adaptive and Intelligent Systems   

  Conference Chair    
 Pietro Cipresso  ,  Department of Psychology, University of Turin, Italy   

 PROGRAM CHAIR    
 Hugo Plácido da Silva  ,  IT- Instituto de Telecomunicações, Portugal   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Andrea Gaggioli  ,  Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Italy   
  Wendy E. Mackay  ,  Inria, Paris-Saclay, and the Université Paris-Saclay, France   
  Antonio Camurri  ,  Università degli Studi di Genova, Italy   

 Special Sessions   
 E3: Enhancing the Esports Experience - E3   
  Chairs:  Sven Charleer and Laura Herrewijn  

 Publications:     
  The proceedings will be published by  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC