Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
 IEEE CIBCB and BBTC  
    
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Home 
  CIBCB 2024 
  Registration CIBCB 2024 
  BBTC members 
  Contact 

 20th IEEE Conference on Computational Intelligence in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology  
 29-31 August, 2023 – Eindhoven, The Netherlands  

 Important dates   

 Tutorial proposals  
 February 10, 2023   

 Special  
  sessions  
 January 13, 2023   

 Paper submission  
 March 31, 2023   
 EXTENDED  
  April 14, 2023   

 Short paper submission  
 July 2, 2023   

 Paper acceptance  
 June 2, 2023   

 Final submission  
 June 30, 2023   

 Call for papers  📣  

 Register to IEEE CIBCB 2023    

 Program of the conference  📅 (updated Aug 29)  

 Conference Proceedings  📑 (updated Aug 28)  

 Short Papers  📑  

 Social events information  🍻  

 Information for exhibitors and supporters   🗣  

 Keynote speakers   
    Regina Barzilay  – Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology   
  
  Machine learning advances in molecular modeling for understanding biological processes  
   In the last five years, we have seen significant advancements in machine learning algorithms for molecular modeling. These models effectively learn expressive representations enabling us to predict molecular properties, characterize their interactions, and de-novo generate candidates with desired profile. In addition, these models provide powerful new means to study biological systems. In this talk, I will introduce algorithms for learning molecular representations in the context of docking and generation, and discuss their applications to immunology and metabolomics.  
 Short Bio:  
   Regina Barzilay is a School of Engineering Distinguished Professor for AI and Health in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and a member of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She is an AI faculty lead for Jameel Clinic, an MIT center for Machine Learning in Health. Her research interests are in applications of deep learning to chemistry and oncology. She is a recipient of various awards including the NSF Career Award, the MIT Technology Review TR-35 Award, Microsoft Faculty Fellowship and several Best Paper Awards at NAACL and ACL. In 2017, she received a MacArthur fellowship, an ACL fellowship and an AAAI fellowship. In 2021, she was awarded the AAAI Squirrel AI Award for Artificial Intelligence for the Benefit of Humanity, the AACC Wallace H. Coulter Lectureship Award, and the UNESCO/Netexplo Award. In 2022, Regina was elected into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She received her PhD in Computer Science from Columbia University, and spent a year as a postdoc at Cornell University. Prof. Barzilay received her undergraduate degree from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel.  

    Pietro Liò  – Department of Computer Science and Technology, University of Cambridge   
  
  Actionable and responsible AI in medicine  
   In this talk I will focus on how to build a digital patient twin using graph and hypergraph representation learning and considering physiological (cardiovascular), clinical (inflammation) and molecular variables (multi omics and genetics). I will discuss methodologies that help keeping the clinicians in the loop to avoid excessive automatisation using logic and explainer frameworks.  
 Short Bio:  
   Pietro Liò received the PhD degree in complex systems and non linear dynamics from the School of Informatics, dept of Engineering, University of Firenze (Italy) and the PhD degree in theoretical genetics from the University of Pavia (Italy). He is currently a professor of computational biology with the Department of Computer Science and Technology, University of Cambridge and a member of the Artificial Intelligence Group. He is also a member of the Cambridge Centre for AI in medicine, ELLIS (European Laboratory for Learning and Intelligent Systems), Academia Europaea, Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Association. His research interests include graph representation learning, AI and Medicine, Systems Biology.  
  Website: https://www.cst.cam.ac.uk/people/pl219  ; https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~pl219   

    Yoeri Van de Burgt  – Eindhoven University of Technology   
  
  Organic neuromorphic electronics for sensory coding and biohybrid systems  
   Neuromorphic engineering takes inspiration from the efficiency of the brain and focusses on how to utilise its functionality in hardware. However, delivering an efficient technology that is capable of embedding artificial neural networks in hardware remains a significant challenge. Organic electronic materials have shown potential to overcome some of these challenges and at the same time can operate at the interface with biology. This offers promising solutions for the manipulation and the processing of biological signals, with applications ranging from bioinformatics to brain-computer- interfaces and smart robotics.  
  This talk describes state-of-the-art organic neuromorphic devices and provides an overview of the current challenges in the field and attempts to address them. I demonstrate two device concepts based on novel organic mixed-ionic electronic materials and show how we can use these devices in trainable biosensors and smart autonomous robotics.  
  Next to that, organic electronic materials have the potential to operate at the interface with biology. This can pave the way for novel architectures with bio-inspired features, offering promising solutions for the manipulation and the processing of biological signals and potential applications ranging from brain-computer-interfaces to bioinformatics and neurotransmitter-mediated adaptive sensing. I will highlight our recent efforts for such hybrid biological memory devices.  
 Short Bio:  
   Yoeri is associate professor at Eindhoven University of Technology, leading the Neuromorphic Engineering group within the Mechanical Engineering department and as part of the Institute for Complex Molecular Systems (ICMS) and Eindhoven A.I. Systems Institute (EAISI). He has been a visiting professor at the University of Cambridge in 2017 and at Georgia Tech in 2022. Prior to his position in Eindhoven, he was a postdoctoral fellow at Stanford University at the department of Materials Science and Engineering. Yoeri has won various awards including the MIT Innovator Under 35 Europe 2019, Rising Star by the journal Advanced Materials in 2020, and was a finalist for the Dream Chemistry Award 2019 and the New Scientist Talent Award in 2018. He has been awarded with the ERC Starting Grant in 2018 and is co-PI in the NWO Gravitation project IPM (2022). In 2019 he was elected member of the Eindhoven Young Academy, which he chaired from 2021 to 2022.  

 Tutorials   
 We are glad to announce that the following tutorials have been accepted for CIBCB 2023:  
 Interpretable AI with mixed data-sets in pyFUME 
  User-Friendly Rapid Analysis of Sequencing Data using Basestack, Mytax, and AGAVE 

 Details about the tutorials 🧾    

 Organizing committee  

 General chair   

 Marco S. Nobile (Ca’ Foscari University, Italy; Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  

 Technical chairs   

 Daniela Besozzi (University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy)  
  Paolo Cazzaniga (University of Bergamo, Italy)  
  Gonzalo Ruz (Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez, Chile)  

 Program chair   

 Richard Allmendinger (University of Manchester, United Kingdom)  

 Finance chair   

 Steve Corns (Missouri University Columbia, USA)  

 Proceedings chair   

 Sheridan Houghten (Brock University St. Catharines, Canada)  

 EasyChair chair   

 Tayo Obafemi-Ajayi (Missouri State University, USA)    

 Publicity chairs   

 Sansanee Auephanwiriyakul (Chiang Mai University, Thailand)  
  Chiara Gallese (LIUC – University of Castellanza, Italy)  
  Mohsen Abbaspour (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  
  James Hughes (Saint Francis Xavier University, Canada)  
  Renan C. Moioli (Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil)  

 Tutorial chair   

 Poster chair   

 Special session chair   

 Short papers chair   

 Simone Spolaor (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  

 Daniele Papetti (University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy)  

 Joseph Brown (Thompson Rivers University, Canada)  

 Shaghayegh Sadeghi (University of Windsor, Canada)    

 Web chair   

 Virtual chair   

 Local arrangements chair   

 Andrea Tangherloni (Bocconi University, Italy)  

 Andrea Tangherloni (Bocconi University, Italy)  

 Francesca Grisoni (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  
  Caro Fuchs (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  
  Laura Genga (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  

 Topics of interest  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  

 Computational Intelligence in Computational Biology   
 Computational epidemiology 
  Surrogate modeling and representation 
  Systems and Synthetic Biology 
  Structure prediction and protein folding 
  Modelling, simulation, and optimization of biological systems 
  Epigenomics 

 Computational Intelligence in Bioinformatics   
 scRNAseq analysis 
  Evolution, phylogeny 
  Comparative genomics 
  Gene expression array analysis 
  Metabolic pathway analysis 
  Sequence alignment 

 Computational Intelligence in Biomedical Engineering, Bioprocessing, and Healthcare Informatics   
 Drug discovery 
  Legal aspects of CI in medicine 
  Ethics, fairness, biases 
  Explainability/Interpretability/Understandability 
  Sustainability 
  Personalized medicine 
  Medical imaging and pattern recognition 
  Biomedical data modelling/data mining/model parametrization 
  Parallel/high performance computing 
  Biomarker discovery and development 
  Health data acquisition/analysis/mining 
  Healthcare information systems/knowledge representation/reasoning 

 Accepted Special Sessions  

 Applied AI Ethics in the biomedical field  
  
  Aim  
   In the biomedical field, a large number of sensitive personal data is constantly being processed and the decisions made by AI systems have a substantial impact on patients’ lives. It is important to explore the implications of research in the field of Computational Intelligence in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology and their use in real-life cases. AI systems may, in fact, have a significant impact on multiple stakeholders: researchers, producers, healthcare professionals, patients, and society as a whole, from an ethical, legal, and sociological point of view.  
  Recent research suggests that multiple individuals, especially marginalized groups, are negatively affected by biases and incorrect use of those systems. Furthermore, in the context of the legislative novelties aiming at regulating AI systems worldwide, the whole AI life cycle generates the need for regulatory and ethical compliance to remove biases and address potential risks. AI Auditing, Value Sensitive Design, and Applied Ethics are becoming a necessity rather than a choice.  
  However, the research in these fields has not reached an agreement on how to perform a comprehensive ethical assessment of the whole AI life-cycle, from the data collection to the post-marketing phases. Different fairness metrics, debiasing techniques, and auditing frameworks have been presented over the years.  
 This Special Session aims to gather scholars investigating new directions and ideas in the field of Applied AI Ethics, particularly in the biomedical field  .  
 Scope   
  This Special Session welcomes papers regarding any ethical issue (including interpretability, fairness, and accountability) arising from AI systems; in particular, we are interested in techniques applied in the context of the biological or medical domain.  
 Examples include but are not limited to:  
 Explainable/Interpretable AI systems for medical decision support 
  Right of explanation and Trustworthy AI in the biomedical fieldù 
  Biases in AI systems and debiasing techniques 
  Fair methods for data preprocessing 
  Fairness metrics in the context of biomedicine 
  Unbiased data augmentation and privacy-preserving generative models 
  Anonymization and pseudonymization of biobanks 
  How personalized medicine through AI systems can contribute to 
  mitigating discrimination and inequalities in healthcare 
  The use of synthetic data to protect personal data 
  Legal and ethical issues of data collection, data cleaning, feature/variable selection, and other phases of the development 
  Ethical framework for medical AI systems 
  Ownership of patients’ data and conditions for reuse 
  Social consequences of a biased AI model 
  AI regulation proposal and AI models in biomedical research 
  Legal and ethical issues concerning the use of smart robots for surgery 
  Ethical issues of open-source medical AI systems 
  Comparative perspectives on the above issues in different areas (papers | exploring the legal system of under-represented countries are very welcome) 
   
  Chairs  :  
 Chiara Gallese | (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands) 
  Elena Falletti | (Carlo Cattaneo University LIUC, Italy) 
  Luca Manzoni | (University of Trieste, Italy) 
  Elisaveta Gromova | (South Ural State University, Russia) 
  Abeer Dyoub | (University of L’Aquila, Italy) 
  E-mail  : c.g.gallese.nobile@tue.nl   

 Computational and statistical methods for the integrative analysis of biomedical datasets  
  
  Aim  
   The constant innovation of novel measurement technologies has granted the availability of large datasets  describing, with increasing accuracy, complex biological phenomena. These datasets call for the development of computationally scalable algorithms and statistical models that can provide accurate clinical and biological insights in a timely manner.  
  In the last few years, omic sciences have witnessed the development of multiple technological advances that integrate spatiotemporal information in the data-collecting process. These novel measurements are characterized by extraordinary resolution resulting, for instance, in highly detailed images or high-frequency time series. For example, spatial transcriptomics  is a recent class of groundbreaking technologies that allows the measurement of the activity of thousands of genes in a tissue sample and maps where the activity occurs in space. The additional spatial information brought by these protocols grants for the discovery of genes that show spatial patterns of expression variation across the analyzed tissues. Similarly, modern mass spectrometry  techniques provide protein abundance measures and their corresponding time-of-flight for thousands of pixels in a biopsy. This precision enables the detection of small cell subpopulations based on their different protein profiles, even within regions that are indistinguishable at the microscopic level by pathologists.  
  It is clear that integrating additional external information, such as spatiotemporal  features  deriving from the experiment, constitutes an essential task for omic sciences and is a highly relevant asset when analyzing biological data. Therefore, advanced statistical models and efficient bioinformatic algorithms that integrate external sources of information in the analysis are fundamental.  
 This special session seeks to bring together the different perspectives of researchers operating in heterogenous, albeit interrelated, fields. Thus, the session aims to foster and present new ideas to develop more effective approaches that tackle large and complex biological datasets by considering computational, algorithmic, and methodological solutions to open problems.  
 Scope   
  This special session welcomes any contribution describing new approaches and tools that enable designers to effectively harness large amounts of data to analyse complex real-world situations for supporting the decisions of professional medical experts. Examples of possible contributions include, but are not limited to, computational algorithm, unsupervised and supervised AI methods, and statistical methodologies for spatiotemporal dataset, such as:  
 Mass spectrometry data 
  Spatial omics 
  Microbiome data 
  Multi-omics Integration 
  Some examples of methodologies of interest are:  
 Fuzzy inference system 
  Statistical methods for inference on imaging data 
  Uncertainty quantification methods 
  MCMC and Variational Bayes methods for massive data 
  Design AI-empowered tools 
  Cooperative learning 
   
  Chairs  :  
 Giulia Capitoli | (University of Milan – Bicocca, Italy) 
  Francesco Denti | (Catholic University of the Sacred Heart – Milan, Italy) 
  Andrea Sottosanti | (University of Padova, Italy) 
  E-mail  : giulia.capitoli@unimib.it   

 Instructions for authors  
 Submissions are closed  . The use of artificial intelligence (AI)–generated text in an article shall be disclosed in the acknowledgments section of the paper. The sections of the paper that use AI-generated text shall have a citation to the AI system used to generate the text.  

 Regular papers   
 Prospective authors are invited to submit papers of no more than eight (8) pages in IEEE conference format including results, figures, and references. Papers must be in pdf form and written in English. Detailed instructions and templates for preparing your manuscripts can be found on the IEEE website  . Each paper will be peer-reviewed. Submission implies the willingness of at least one author to register and present the paper at the conference. Each full registration covers a maximum of two papers. An accepted paper will be published in the proceedings only if the final version is accompanied by a full (non-student) registration for at least one of the authors. Extra papers submitted by one registered author beyond the maximum of two papers per registration will incur a charge of €150 per paper. Papers that are more than 8 pages in length will incur an extra length page charge of €100/page. No papers greater than 10 pages in length will be accepted.  
 Please follow the Final Submission Instructions  to submit our Camera-Ready paper.   

 Short papers and posters (will be included on the conference website but not IEEExplore)  
 Short papers may present preliminary findings from work in progress, and industry perspectives on issues relevant to CIBCB 2023. Short papers should present and discuss a clear and focused central idea, incorporate discussion of relevant research or context, and provide references, as necessary. Short papers must adhere to the IEEE conference template  and have a length of no more than two (2) pages. Papers must be in PDF and written in English. Short papers will be desk reviewed by the CIBCB 2023 organizational committee. Submission implies the willingness of at least one of the authors to register and present the paper at the conference. Short papers can be presented as a poster  or as a short talk  session (5 minutes).  
 Please note that TU/e students  can present a poster  during the poster session for a strongly discounted price  ( € 25  ). The discounted registration fee gives access to the welcome drink  but does not grant access to the rest of the conference.  

 Download the sample short paper.   

 Posters instructions  
 The poster session will be held on the 29th of August from 7.00 pm to 7.45 pm on the ground floor of TU/e’s Atlas building. 
  You will be assigned a vertical panel for your poster (find the panel with your PID). 
  The usable space of each poster panel is 0.90×2.20m, so a poster in A0 format fits. 
  Please note that the orientation of the poster must be vertical. 
  The poster must be hung using a special velcro tape that we will provide to you. 
  During the lunch break (12.40 – 2.00 pm) and the coffee breaks (10.20 – 11.00 am, 3.00 – 3.40 pm) a staff member will be present to provide the Velcro and help you hang your poster. 

 Special issue  

 Selected regular papers, after a substantial extension  , will be considered for publication in special issue of BMC Bioinformatics  . These invited papers will undergo the normal review process  of the journal. The selection will be done after the conference by the conference committee  and the authors will be informed if their papers are being considered for the special issue.  

 Registration fees  

 Early bird (EURO)  
  By June 30 | Late and on-site registration (EURO)  
  After June 30 
 IEEE member | € 500 | € 650 
 IEEE student member | € 250 | € 350 
 Non member | € 600 | € 750 
 Student non member | € 350 | € 450 
 Life member | € 250 | € 350 
 Discounted price for poster + welcome drink (only TU/e students) | TU/e students  can present a poster  for a discounted price ( € 25  ). The discounted fee only gives access to the poster session  and the welcome drink  afterwards. 

 Register to IEEE CIBCB 2023 now   .  

 Travel allowances and grants  

 Travel allowance sponsored by the Centre for Living Technologies  
   The CLT has sponsored two travel allowances for two PhD students (one for EU and one for extra-EU students). The deadline was June 30, 2023.  

 Travel grants sponsored by the CLT ✈    
 Travel grants sponsored by the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society   
 The IEEE Computational Intelligence Society (CIS) is pleased to offer three types of Travel grants  to the IEEE CIS members who are interested to present their papers in-person  at IEEE CIBCB 2023:  
 IEEE CIS Conference Travel Grant for Students | : This program offers a limited number of grants to assist IEEE-CIS Student Members to present papers at IEEE CIS conferences 
  IEEE CIS Conference Travel Grant for Researchers from Developing Countries | : This program offers a limited number of travel grants to assist IEEE-CIS Members of any grade higher than Student to present papers at IEEE CIS conferences. 
  IEEE CIS “Industry Early Career” Travel Grant | : This program offers a limited number of travel grants to assist IEEE-CIS Members | working in industry | , who are | within 2 years of their graduation | , to present papers at IEEE CIS conferences 
  The grant will be in the form of digital reimbursement  of a fixed amount after the in-person participation in the conference as a registered attendee  . The approved amount will be typically USD 500 for intra-continental  (within Europe) participants, and USD 1000 for inter-continental  (outside Europe) participants.    
 For full instructions on how to apply and the application submission link, please visit IEEE CIS Conference Participation and Travel Grants page: https://cis.ieee.org/activities/membership-activities/travel-grants  .     
   For any queries regarding the grants, please contact the CIS travel grants subcommittee chair Dr. Hemant Singh ( h.singh@adfa.edu.au  ).   
 The applications can be submitted after the paper decision notifications have been sent, up to the deadline of 30 June 2023  . The outcomes will be communicated by approximately late July  .  
 How to become an IEEE CIS member?  
 Become an IEEE member – full details at | https://www.ieee.org/membership-catalog/productdetail/showProductDetailPage.html?product=MEMIEEE500 
  Become an IEEE CIS member – full details at | https://www.ieee.org/membership-catalog/productdetail/showProductDetailPage.html?product=MEMCIS011 

 Conference venue and accommodations  

 Conference venue and accommodation information  are available on the following page.  

 Venue and accommodations📍    

 Privacy policy  

 Privacy Statement   

 Privacy policy 🔏    

 Contacts  

 Marco S. Nobile  ( marco.nobile@unive.it  )  

 Follow @cibcb2023  on Twitter  

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  Terms and Conditions 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top