19th International Conference on Network and Service Management   
  Niagara Falls, Canada, // 30 October - 2 November 2023   
  Network and Service Management in the Era of Generative AI and Digital Twins    

  Home 
  Committees 
  Call for Papers 
  Authors 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Keynotes 
  Panel 
  Workshops 
  Locality 
  About 

 Niagara Falls  
 By night 
  Niagara Falls  
 City View 
  Niagara Falls  
 City View 
  Niagara Falls  
 Falls View 
  Niagara Falls  
 Falls View 

 Welcome to CNSM 2023  
 It is our great pleasure to welcome you to the 2023 edition of CNSM, the International Conference on Network and Service Management. CNSM is the annual Fall event of the network management community, co-sponsored by its technical committees, namely the IFIP working group 6.6 on Network and Distributed Systems Management and the IEEE Communications Society Committee on Network Operations and Management.  
 This year we are celebrating the 19th edition of this event and its 14th since the merger in 2010 of what used to be a forum of co-located workshops, a.k.a. Management Week, into a highly selective single‐track conference. Niagara Falls was then home to this merger, and back we are 13 years later, steps away from the majestic Horseshoe Falls.  
 CNSM 2023 program builds on the timely and overarching topics of AI and digitalization under the theme of network and service management in the Era of Generative AI and Digital Twins. The 3-day main program features a total of 8 plenary technical paper presentation sessions, a line-up of 5 compelling keynotes from academia and industry, a panel discussion among experts in the field, as well as posters and demonstrations. A mini conference and the 3rd International Workshop on Analytics for Service and Application Management precede the main conference program for focused and scoped technical discussions.  
 CNSM 2023 would have not been possible without the tireless efforts of the organizing and technical committees and the contribution of the authors and the reviewers. We are most grateful to them and to our patrons, sponsors and supporters. We hope that you will enjoy CNSM 2023 technical and social programs in Niagara Falls.  
 IFIP-supported Best Paper Award  
 Characterization of Microservice Response Time in Kubernetes: A Mixture Density Network Approach   
  Lorenzo Manca (University of Bologna), Davide Borsatti (University of Bologna); Filippo Poltronieri and Mattia Zaccarini (University of Ferrara); Domenico Scotece, Gianluca Davoli and Luca Foschini (University of Bologna); Genady Ya. Grabarnik (St. John's University); Larisa Shwartz (IBM Research); Cesare Stefanelli and Mauro Tortonesi (University of Ferrara); Walter Cerroni (University of Bologna)  
 Best Student Paper Award  
 CML-IDS: Enhancing Intrusion Detection in SDN through Collaborative Machine Learning   
  Pegah Golchin (Technische Universität Darmstadt, Germany); Chengbo Zhou (Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany); Pratyush Agnihotri (Technische Universität Darmstadt, Germany); Mehrdad Hajizadeh (Technical University of Chemnitz, Germany); Ralf Kundel (Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany); Ralf Steinmetz (Technische Universität Darmstadt, Germany)  
 IFIP-supported Student Travel Grant  
 Lucas Torrealba   
  NIC Chile Research Labs, University of Chile, Chile  
  
 TPC Co-Chairs   
  Noura Limam, University of Waterloo, Canada  
  Majid Ghaderi, University of Calgary, Canada  
  Remi Badonnel, TELECOM Nancy - University of Lorraine, France  
 General Co-Chairs   
  Raouf Boutaba, University of Waterloo, Canada  
  Prosper Chemouil, CNAM, France  

 IMPORTANT DATES  
 Paper Registration:  
 16 July 2023  Paper Submission:  
 16 July 2023  Notification of Acceptance:  
 31 August 2023  Camera Ready Due:  
 11 September 2023  Conference Dates :  
 30 October - 2 November 2023    
 CNSM Tweets  
 Tweets by cnsmconf    

 TECHNICAL CO-SPONSORS    

 PATRONS    

 GOLD      

 SILVER      
   
 SILVER      
   
 SILVER      

 BRONZE      

 ORGANISERS    

 University of Waterloo, Canada      

 © CNSM 2023