Skip to main content    
    Open Access Publications from the University of California   
  Search eScholarship     
 Refine Search   All of eScholarship   This Journal     

 Proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the Cognitive Science Society  
    UC Merced  Submit    
 Manage Submissions     

 Menu  Journal Home 
  Volumes  Main Menu  Volume 46, 2024 
  Volume 45, 2023 
  Volume 44, 2022 
  Volume 43, 2021 
  Volume 42, 2020 
  Volume 41, 2019 
  Volume 40, 2018 
  Volume 39, 2017 
  Volume 38, 2016 
  Volume 37, 2015 
  Volume 36, 2014 
  Volume 35, 2013 
  Volume 34, 2012 
  Volume 33, 2011 
  Volume 32, 2010 
  Volume 31, 2009 
  Volume 30, 2008 
  Volume 29, 2007 
  Volume 28, 2006 
  Volume 27, 2005 
  Volume 26, 2004 
  Volume 25, 2003 
  Volume 24, 2002 
  Volume 23, 2001 
  Volume 22, 2000 
  Volume 21, 1999 
  Volume 20, 1998 
  Volume 19, 1997 
  Volume 18, 1996 
  Volume 17, 1995 
  Volume 16, 1994 
  Volume 15, 1993 
  Volume 14, 1992 
  Volume 13, 1991 
  Volume 12, 1990 
  Volume 11, 1989 
  Volume 10, 1988 
  Volume 9, 1987 
  Volume 8, 1986 
  Volume 7, 1985 
  Volume 6, 1984 
  Volume 5, 1983 
  Volume 4, 1982 
  Volume 3, 1981 
  About  Main Menu  About Us 
  Contact us 
  Policies 

 eScholarship 
  UC Merced 
  Proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the Cognitive Science Society 
   
 About  
  
 The annual meeting of the Cognitive Science Society is aimed at basic and applied cognitive science research. The conference hosts the latest theories and data from the world's best cognitive science researchers. Each year, in addition to submitted papers, researchers are invited to highlight some aspect of cognitive science.  
   
 More    

 Share   Email  Facebook    

 Volume 46, 2024  
  Volume 46, 2024 
  Volume 45, 2023 
  Volume 44, 2022 
  Volume 43, 2021 
  Volume 42, 2020 
  Volume 41, 2019 
  Volume 40, 2018 
  Volume 39, 2017 
  Volume 38, 2016 
  Volume 37, 2015 
  Volume 36, 2014 
  Volume 35, 2013 
  Volume 34, 2012 
  Volume 33, 2011 
  Volume 32, 2010 
  Volume 31, 2009 
  Volume 30, 2008 
  Volume 29, 2007 
  Volume 28, 2006 
  Volume 27, 2005 
  Volume 26, 2004 
  Volume 25, 2003 
  Volume 24, 2002 
  Volume 23, 2001 
  Volume 22, 2000 
  Volume 21, 1999 
  Volume 20, 1998 
  Volume 19, 1997 
  Volume 18, 1996 
  Volume 17, 1995 
  Volume 16, 1994 
  Volume 15, 1993 
  Volume 14, 1992 
  Volume 13, 1991 
  Volume 12, 1990 
  Volume 11, 1989 
  Volume 10, 1988 
  Volume 9, 1987 
  Volume 8, 1986 
  Volume 7, 1985 
  Volume 6, 1984 
  Volume 5, 1983 
  Volume 4, 1982 
  Volume 3, 1981 

 Workshops  
 Improving Concepts in Cognitive Science   
   
 Dubova, Marina | ; 
  Barrett, Lisa Feldman | ; 
  Goldstone, Robert | ; 
  Musslick, Sebastian | ; 
  Poldrack, Russell 
    
 Please, see the workshop's website here: https://sites.google.com/view/cogconcepts The goal of this workshop is to initiate an interdisciplinary conversation about reconceptualizing cognitive science disciplines. This workshop will bring together researchers proposing new conceptualizations in their disciplines, cognitive scientists investigating the mechanisms of concept learning and the role of concepts in human cognition, researchers building infrastructures to study and improve cognitive concepts, and philosophers analyzing scientific conceptualizations. The workshop will include activities which will prompt the audience to think about the conceptual foundations of their respective areas, and about ways to improve these foundations. These activities are designed to maximize audience participation and include panel discussions, as well as mind-matching sessions. One of the outcomes of the workshop is identifying the diversity of approaches for improving cognitive science concepts that could be relevant to both discipline-wide and more specific efforts.  

 Compositionality in minds, brains and machines: a unifying goal that cuts across cognitive sciences   
   
 Pomiechowska, Barbara | ; 
  Dudley, Rachel | ; 
  Wong, Lionel | ; 
  Sablé-Meyer, Mathias 
    
 Compositionality, or the ability to build complex representations from discrete elements, is an essential ingredient of human intelligence. Compositionality enables people to think productively, learn fast from limited experience, and generalize knowledge to new contexts without re-learning from scratch. It is also essential in information processing systems to efficiently represent structured data and has seen application in compression and symbolic Artificial Intelligence (AI). Historically, the notion of compositionality played a central role in linguistic theory and philosophy of mind. More recently, it is attracting a surge of interest throughout the domains of cognitive science. Compositional processes are leveraged for elucidating the nature of mental representations in cognition (Dehaene et al., 2022), understanding the functional organisation of the brain (Agrawal et al., 2019), or building Artificial Intelligence systems that are robust to changes in the environment (Hupkes et al., 2020).  

 In-context learning in natural and artificial intelligence   
   
 Jagadish, Akshay Kumar | ; 
  Dasgupta, Ishita | ; 
  Pesnot Lerousseau, Jacques | ; 
  Binz, Marcel 
    
 In-context learning refers to the ability of a neural network to learn from information presented in its context. While traditional learning in neural networks requires adjusting network weights for every new task, in-context learning operates purely by updating internal activations without needing any updates to network weights. The emergence of this ability in large language models has led to a paradigm shift in machine learning and has forced researchers to reconceptualize how they think about learning in neural networks. Looking beyond language models, we can find in-context learning in many computational models relevant to cognitive science, including those that emerge from meta-learning.  

 Using Psychometrics to Improve Cognitive Models--and Theory   
   
 Tan, Alvin Wei Ming | ; 
  Kachergis, George | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. 
    
 The field of psychometrics has undergone substantial evolution over the past several decades, both in terms of advances in methodology and improved software and hardware for deploying new methods. Despite these strides, many of these developments have not been integrated into the broader field of psychology, as highlighted by Embretson (2005) and Borsboom (2006). Understanding and incorporating these psychometric advances is crucial to enable cognitive scientists to address growing concerns about validity and reliability, as well as to develop robust theoretical frameworks for understanding cognition.  

 COGGRAPH: Building bridges between cognitive science and computer graphics   
   
 Chandra, Kartik | ; 
  Harrington, Anne H K | ; 
  Collins, Katherine M | ; 
  Kymn, Christopher | ; 
  Mukherjee, Kushin | ; 
  Anderson, Sean P | ; 
  Verma, Arnav | ; 
  Fan, Judith E. 
    
 In recent years, the field of computer graphics has achieved its longstanding dream of photorealism: modern graphics algorithms produce images that are indistinguishable from reality. Much like art at the advent of photography, then, computer graphics is now turning its gaze to the beholder: researchers are increasingly looking to cognitive science to engineer new modes of visual expression. Recent work has sought to apply insights from cognitive science to a variety of traditional graphics topics: from taking a perceptual approach to perspective, to studying the theory of mind behind animation, to applying theories of abstraction learning to build tools for geometry processing. At the same time, a wave of recent work in cognitive science has addressed fundamental questions about visual expression: for example, how humans understand and create sketches, shapes, and symbols. The field has also benefited greatly from tools and methods from computer graphics: differentiable rendering, physics simulation, and game engines have become indispensable in modeling human perception and intuitive physics. Recognizing this growing interdisciplinary exchange of ideas, we are proposing a workshop to begin building formal bridges between the cognitive science and computer graphics communities.  

 Career Paths beyond the Tenure Track for Cognitive Scientists   
   
 Shafto, Carissa L | ; 
  Simmering, Vanessa 
    
 Cognitive science research has far-reaching implications, but many graduate students are trained solely for tenure-track faculty positions. Academic training develops a wide range of skills in behavioral research, literature reviewing, data analysis, scientific publishing, grant writing, teaching, and student mentorship. These skills have direct application in many other careers, but training within academia typically neglects to address how these skills translate to other work environments and career paths. As growth in the number of doctoral trainees continues to outpace permanent academic positions (Kolata, 2016; Larson et al., 2013; Lederman, 2016), more doctoral recipients have been seeking employment beyond faculty positions and academia (National Science Board, 2018). Those who are interested in exploring alternative career paths may not know where to turn for guidance. Our goal in this professional development workshop is to offer such guidance and an opportunity to network with scholars in similar situations.  

 Rapprochement, not Detente: How Cognitive Science and Industry can get back to getting along, and make each other better along the way   
   
 Landy, David | ; 
  Glushko, Robert 
    
 We have a simple thesis: the relationship between academic and industry-based cognitive science is broken, but can be fixed. Over the last few decades, there has been a huge increase in the representation of cognitive science in industry. Beyond just machine learning, businesses are increasingly interested in human behavior and cognitive processes. Large proportions of our Ph.D. students, post-docs, and even faculty choose to go through a largely one-way door to corporate jobs in data science, behavioral experimentation, machine learning, user experience, and elsewhere. Currently, people who choose industry careers often lose their social and intellectual networks and their ability to return to tenure-track positions. Valuable insights from industry about memory, decision-making, learning, emotion, distributed cognition, and much more never return to the academic community. We believe that deep, theory driven, theory building work is being done in industry settings‚Äìand that the rift between communities makes all our work less effective  

 Symposia  
 Towards a movement science of communication   
   
 Kadavà, ≈†àrka | ; 
  Pearson, Lara | ; 
  Trujillo, James | ; 
  Pouw, Wim 
    
 To communicate is to move. There is no way around that. If we pick up comprehensive handbooks or introductory texts in movement science (Hong and Bartlett (2008)) we see that there is very rich knowledge and tractable mathematical models about different aspects of movements. Yet, we find no chapter on communicative movements. While the field of speech motor control is a developed area on its own (Parrell and Lammert (2019)), there is no movement science of communication proper, which would include whole-body-, hand-gestural-, signed-, and inter-bodily actions.  

 The Fundamental Flexibility of Abstract Words   
   
 RƒÖczaszek-Leonardi, Joanna | ; 
  Borghi, Anna | ; 
  Chater, Nick | ; 
  Christiansen, Morten H. | ; 
  Fini, Chiara | ; 
  Gentner, Dedre | ; 
  Gervasi, Angelo Mattia | ; 
  King, Daniel C | ; 
  Mannella, Francesco | ; 
  Mazzuca, Claudia | ; 
  Tummolini, Luca | ; 
  Zubek, Julian 
    
 In this Symposium we link different perspectives and traditions of research on language and concepts in the cognitive sciences to better understand the process of abstraction from the social-interactive standpoint. In contrast to the usual benefits of abstraction ‚Äì such as the ability to categorize and generalize ‚Äì we underscore the possibility of abstract concepts and words to remain underspecified, ‚Äúopen to the context, the suggestions of others‚Äù (Borghi, 2023) or to processes of real-time negotiations (Christiansen & Chater, 2022). This is enabled by their largely non-perceptual rela-tional character (Gentner, 2005) and by the fact that they arise in cognitive systems continually embedded and active in their environments (Cisek 1999; Mannella & Tummolini 2023).  

 Advances in the Study of Event Cognition   
   
 Lee, Sarah Hye-yeon | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna | ; 
  Zacks, Jeffrey M. | ; 
  Baldwin, Dare | ; 
  Wittenberg, Eva 
    
 Events are a fundamental part of human experience. Research on event cognition is rapidly developing and is revealing central aspects of how humans perceive, conceptualize, communicate about, and remember events. This symposium offers an interdisciplinary look at recent advances in the study of event cognition. The symposium brings together cognitive scientists from across continents, who are experts on the subject. The symposium contributors come from a variety of backgrounds and disciplines in developmental psychology, cognitive psychology, neuro-computational psychology, and linguistics. They combine a variety of innovative and integrative approaches and methodologies and study diverse populations across the lifespan and across languages. The overall goal of this symposium is to foster an interdisciplinary conversation on different aspects of event cognition.  

 What Should I Do Now? Goal-Centric Outlooks on Learning, Exploration, and Communication   
   
 Colas, Cédric | ; 
  Chu, Junyi | ; 
  Molinaro, Gaia | ; 
  Hawkins, Robert 
    
 Goals are a central pillar of everyday mental activity. From finding your way home to solving a puzzle and ordering food delivery, much of human action and cognition is goal-directed. Perhaps unsurprisingly, theories of goals are a central focus in the psychology of motivation (Elliott & Dweck, 1988), in social and personality psychology (Fishbach & Ferguson, 2007), as well as research aimed at understanding factors contributing to task achievement in educational and industrial settings (Ames & Ames, 1984; Locke & Latham, 2002). In this symposium, we highlight recent work emphasizing a goal-centric outlook on learning, exploration, and communication.  

 Who is responsible for collective action?   
   
 Lewry, Casey | ; 
  Lombrozo, Tania | ; 
  Wing, Shannon | ; 
  Levine, Sydney | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Wong, Lionel | ; 
  Bonicalzi, Sofia | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
    
 Reducing inequality, mitigating climate change, and responding to public health crises are large-scale goals that require the cooperation and coordination of many individuals. These goals cannot be achieved by one individual alone, and contributing is not always beneficial to each individual. And yet, individuals must contribute in order to make a difference. How do we hold individuals and groups responsible for collective action?  

 Computational Social Cognition: Approaches and challenges   
   
 Guennouni, Ismail | ; 
  Barnby, Joseph M | ; 
  Jara-Ettinger, Julian | ; 
  Saxe, Rebecca | ; 
  Speekenbrink, Maarten 
    
 Predicting the actions and reactions of others is crucial to suc- cessful social interaction. When deciding whether to bluff in a game of poker, we consider the chances that the other players will fold or continue to play and unmask our bluff. When deciding whether to tell our boss that their plans are likely to have adverse effects, we consider a range of reac- tions, from being grateful for our honesty to being dismissed out of spite. Such predictions are highly uncertain and com- plex, not least because the other's (re)actions usually result from them making equally complex and uncertain inferences about us. Nevertheless, we are often remarkably successful ‚Äì although sometimes utterly wrong ‚Äì in our social inferences. How do we explain these successes and failures?  

 Is Deep Learning the Answer for Understanding Human Cognitive Dynamics?   
   
 Spencer, John | ; 
  Lake, Brenden | ; 
  Grieben, Raul | ; 
  Schöner, Gregor | ; 
  Toneva, Mariya | ; 
  Kuperberg, Gina 
    
 Deep Learning is a neural network approach where a network of multiple layers is trained to process complex data. Applications for deep learning include recognizing complex patterns in pictures, text, and sounds to, in some cases, produce insights into how human process information. Deep learning has garnered widescale interest, fostered by advances in, for instance, natural language processing and the release of innovative tools like Chat GPT. But does deep learning have implications for theory in the cognitive sciences; that is, is deep learning the answer for understanding human cognitive dynamics?  

 From Fungi to Thought: Exploring Cognition in Mushroom Foraging   
   
 Papa, Aliki | ; 
  Bender, Andrea | ; 
  Colombo, Matteo | ; 
  Sawada, Akiko | ; 
  Abel, Roman | ; 
  Kaaronen, Roope 
    
 Tracing the evolutionary milestones of our species has been the focus of much exciting research. Yet, we are still unable to ‚Äòlocate' the divergence point of our cognitive evolution, which has made us so unique in the animal kingdom (Tomasello & Rakoczy, 2003). We have identified a gap in our understanding, and that is the absence of a systematic exploration into the symbiotic relationship between Homo sapiens and fungi. This highly interdisciplinary symposium aims to address this oversight, emphasizing the important ‚Äì yet underappreciated ‚Äì role of fungi in cognitive contexts and challenge traditional views of cognition.  

 Higher cognition in large language models   
   
 Ichien, Nicholas | ; 
  Bhatia, Sudeep | ; 
  Ivanova, Anna | ; 
  Webb, Taylor | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom | ; 
  Binz, Marcel 
    
 Large language models (LLMs) like OpenAI's GPT-4 (OpenAI et al., 2023), or Google's PaLM (Chowdhery et al., 2022) generate text responses to user-generated text prompts. In contrast to work that evaluates the extent to which model-generated text coheres with linguistic rules (i.e., formal competence) (Chomsky et al., 2023; Piantadosi, 2023), the present symposium discusses the work of cognitive scientists aimed at assessing the extent and manner in which LLMs show effective understanding, reasoning and decision making, capacities associated with human higher cognition (i.e., functional competence) (Binz & Schulz, 2023; Mahowald et al., 2023; Webb et al., 2023). Given both their expertise and their interest in clarifying the nature of human thinking, cognitive scientists are in a unique position both to carefully evaluate LLMs' capacity for thought (Bhatia, 2023; Han et al., 2024; Mitchell, 2023) and to benefit from them as methodological and theoretical tools. This symposium will thus be of interest not only to cognitive scientists concerned with machine intelligence, but also to those looking to incorporate advances in artificial intelligence with their study of human intelligence.  

 Dynamics of memory search   
   
 Kumar, Abhilasha | ; 
  Siew, Cynthia S.Q. | ; 
  Todd, Peter M. | ; 
  Kenett, Yoed 
    
 Humans engage in a wide variety of search behaviors during their lifetime. These search behaviors may be external such as foraging for food in the wild, or searching for mates, or internal, such as searching for concepts in memory. Decades of work on search processes among humans has suggested that these two types of search behaviors share common characteristics and physiological mechanisms. Despite this progress, understanding the dynamics of internal search is an ongoing challenge in the field.  

 How does the sensory-motor brain integrate and give rise to cognition and learning?   
   
 Schöner, Gregor | ; 
  Trifonova, Iliyana | ; 
  Spencer, John | ; 
  Piñango, Maria M | ; 
  Shaw, Jason A. | ; 
  Stern, Michael C. | ; 
  Buss, Aaron | ; 
  Samuelson, Larissa K | ; 
  Borst, Jelmer 
    
 The brain evolved as a sensory-motor machine that drives behavior while being linked to the world through sensors. Human cognition abstracts from these sensory-motor roots but retains intimate ties. The brain's structure reflects this history. How do neural processes at different distances from the sensory and motor surfaces integrate to achieve meaningful and grounded cognition? This is a challenge given the time-continuous and graded nature of sensory-motor processing, which enables continuous online updating. It is also a major challenge to understanding development and autonomous learning, in which the coupling across functional boundaries evolves under the influence of online activation patterns.  

 Getting Funding to do Cognitive Science and Education Research   
   
 Solomon, Gregg | ; 
  Tuller, Dr. Betty | ; 
  Lim, Dr. Soo-Siang | ; 
  Faust, Dr. Lara | ; 
  Guerriero, Sonia | ; 
  Matrai, Dr. Janka 
    
 In this session, representatives from IES, NSF, UNESCO, and ERC will discuss intellectual, sociological, and practical issues that arise in doing research in Cognitive Science, Education, and at their intersection. Some of these issues are due generally to the multidisciplinary nature of the work, but others are specific to education. The mobilization of research knowledge and human capital for translation to practice and policy remains a significant challenge that each of these agencies seeks to address. The speakers will highlight relevant initiatives and point to similarities and differences in the grant review processes between programs, providing tips for successful grant writing along the way. They will discuss where their programs are placed in relation to one another in the funding landscape and along the continuum from the most basic to the most applied research ‚Äì and the extent that such a distinction is meaningful. They will also contrast their funding emphases and the implications those emphases have for the kinds of projects that can be engaged.  

 Abstracts  
 What MEG can tell us about predictive processing during language comprehension   
   
 Azizpour, Sahel | ; 
  Westner, Britta U. | ; 
  Guclu, Umut | ; 
  Geerligs, Linda 
    
 To facilitate language comprehension, the brain uses contextual information and prior knowledge to predict future content. Recent breakthroughs allow us to study pre-word onset prediction during naturalistic narrative listening by mapping contextual word embeddings from Large Language Models onto ECoG data. Long-range prediction encoding has been observed in fMRI data, where including multiple upcoming word embeddings enhances the model's fit to brain data. This study examines if similar predictive information is detectable in MEG data, which offers higher temporal resolution than fMRI but lower signal-to-noise ratio than ECoG. We found that pre-onset predictive signatures are present in MEG, even in data of limited length (1 hour) and in single participants. Unlike in fMRI, adding future embeddings does not improve encoding. These findings offer a novel avenue for studying predictive processing using MEG signals and call for further investigation to explain the differences observed between fMRI and MEG approaches.  

 Know your body by heart: a taVNS study on body¬†awareness   
   
 Scuderi, Angelica | ; 
  De Martino, Maria Luisa | ; 
  Leemhuis, Erik | ; 
  Pazzaglia, Mariella 
    
 Non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation has proven effective in modulating parasympathetic autonomic nervous system activity and various cognitive functions. This study investigated the effects of transauricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) on body ownership and interoception in healthy subjects using a within-subjects experimental design (active taVNS/sham). The rubber hand illusion (RHI) and the Heartbeat Counting Task (HCT) were employed. Cardiac activity was recorded throughout the procedure to measure physiological indices of heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV). Ownership for the fake hand was observed in both active and sham stimulation, as indicated by drift and scores on illusion-relevant items (Q1-Q3). HR and HRV showed no variations between synchronous/asynchronous RHI or between stimulation conditions. Active taVNS resulted in decreased interoceptive meta-awareness. Individuals with lower interoceptive abilities exhibited heightened susceptibility to RHI during active taVNS, possibly due to perturbation of interoceptive signals and increased reliance on exteroceptive signals in constructing body representation.  

 The effect of encoding context on false memory formation in a picture-based category associates procedure   
   
 Küsmü≈ü, ƒ∞rem | ; 
  Blazhenkova, Olesya 
    
 This study investigated the effect of encoding context on the formation of false memories, using Category Associates Procedure with pictorial stimuli. In the literature, distinctiveness is suggested to decrease false memories; however, the mechanisms of this effect are still of debate. Participants studied objects from several categories, each category list either presented on congruent or incongruent backgrounds. Later, they performed a recognition test for three item types: studied, critical lure and unrelated items. We expected that incongruent condition should require more distinctive encoding, which may lead to decreased false recognition of critical lures compared to congruent condition. The results revealed a false memory effect consistent with existing literature; however, there was no difference between congruent and incongruent conditions in terms of false memory rates. The results were discussed in the light of encoding-based and retrieval-based theories. Additionally, visual imagery measures and reported strategies were also considered.  

 Towards an integration of verbal and formal theories of risky choices   
   
 Lob, Aaron Benjamin | ; 
  Fischer, Olivia | ; 
  Frey, Renato 
    
 Which are the psychological mechanisms shaping people's risky choices? While the behavioral sciences have produced many theories to address this question, attempts to integrate their different assumptions are sparse: Verbal theories may explain real life decisions with high face validity but lack precisely testable predictions. Conversely, formal theories allow for clear mathematical predictions but often focus on artificial lab tasks. We aim to bridge this gap and harness each approach's respective advantages. To this end, we created a taxonomy of the most important psychological mechanisms involved in risk taking spanning different aspects of cognition, including attentional, affective, motivational, and psycho-social mechanisms proposed in the literature. As such, this taxonomy is the basis for an integrative process model quantifying the psychological mechanisms involved in decisions under risk and uncertainty, and may help researchers to identify similarities and discrepancies between different theories of choice.  

 Partial Verb Learning via Observational Contexts   
   
 Schoener, Nina | ; 
  Suanda, Sumarga H. 
    
 Children learn nouns more readily than verbs in early development. Research on candidate explanations for this noun advantage has suggested that, while noun meanings can be easily gleaned from their observational contexts, verb meanings require access to their syntactic constructions, which remain inaccessible until later in development (Gentner, 2006; McDonough et al., 2011; Piccin & Waxman, 2007). This study asks whether previous demonstrations of tenuous verb learning from their observational contexts are partly due to the assessment method. In an adapted version of the Human Simulation Paradigm (HSP; Gillette et al., 1999), we assessed verb learning using multiple tasks. When verb learning was assessed via a free-response task, learning was minimal, replicating the challenge of learning precise verb meanings via observational contexts. The findings from both a categorization and semantic similarity task, however, suggest that learners do acquire partial knowledge of both action and mental verbs via their observational contexts.  

 Network-wise transcranial alternating current stimulation with phase lags   
   
 Min, Byoung-Kyong 
    
 Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) is an efficient neuromodulation technique to enhance cognitive function in a non-invasive manner. Using electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging, it was investigated whether a tACS with different phase lags between central executive and default mode networks modulated cognitive performance in perception, working memory, and inhibitory control. It was found that phase-lag-dependent tACS mediated improvement in task performance, neurodynamically reflected in task-relevant cortical and subcortical activation as well as prefrontal-based top-down functional connectivity. Our observations provide neurophysiological correlates of network-wise tACS-phase-dependent neuromodulation and a feasible non-invasive approach to effectively modulate fundamental cognitive functions.  

 Individual Creativity Versus Team Setting: Where Do the Most Creative Ideas Flourish?   
   
 Ebrahimi, Zhino | ; 
  Lachmann, Thomas | ; 
  Jaarsveld, Saskia | ; 
  Bergström, Kirstin 
    
 This study compares creativity test performance in Individual versus Team settings, addressing a gap in research that mostly focuses on individual outcomes. A total of 120 individuals participated in two sessions. The first session involved cognitive assessments, including the Advanced Progressive Matrices (APM), the Creative Reasoning Test (CRT), and the Test for Creative Thinking‚ÄìDrawing Production (TCT-DP), as well as mood and personality questionnaires. In the second session, participants were assigned to either an Individual or a Team condition (N=3 each), based on and controlling for APM scores. The same assessments, except for the personality questionnaire, were conducted in this second session. In the Team condition, members were encouraged to collaborate in solving the tasks. We tested whether the conditions have a differential effect on the second session performances, particularly on divergent and convergent thinking scores in CRT, and/or on TCT-DP scores and/or on APM scores.  

 Temporal Dynamics of Semantic and Form preactivation in Lexical Selection: An EEG Study   
   
 Angulo Chavira, Armando Quetzalcóatl | ; 
  Castellón-Flores, Alejandra Mitzi | ; 
  Carrasco-Ortíz, Elia Haydee | ; 
  Arias-Trejo, Natalia 
    
 The theory of language prediction posits a competitive preactivation of semantic (meaning) and form (sound/grapheme) information, aiding in the selection of the most likely lexical candidate. Hypothetically, multiple semantic and form cohorts are preactivated before the actual lexical candidate is activated. This study explores this by examining young adults reading constrained sentences (discretely), with simultaneous electroencephalographic recording. Representational similarity analysis was conducted to assess word-specific, semantic-related, and form-related pair of sentences (focusing on the word preceding the expected word). To examine the temporality, cluster permutation and divergence point analyses were performed. The results indicated a semantic coactivation effect occurring before the phonological one and the recovery of the specific words. However, despite the phonological information being recovered before the word specific information, there were no significant differences in temporality. These findings indicate a semantic coactivation process for meaning selection during prediction, with form coactivation dependent on the expected word's selection.  

 Effects of culture relatedness on bilingual emotional responses to words: Insights from word norms and event-related potentials (ERPs)   
   
 Lu, Yanxi | ; 
  Cain, Kate | ; 
  Yao, Bo | ; 
  Citron, Francesca M M 
    
 This study introduces culture relatedness of words as a novel variable and explores its impact on emotional responses of English-Mandarin bilinguals living in the UK, where their second language (L2) is dominant. First, we conducted a norming study to identify emotive words related to participants' native (e.g., bamboo) and residential (e.g., scones) cultures. We then used event-related potentials (ERPs) to examine whether culture relatedness affects emotional responses to words presented in L1 and L2. We were particularly interested in investigating whether the well-established emotional distance from L2 may be due to cultural distance, and whether concepts related to one's native culture in L2 may enhance affective responses. Initial evidence from ongoing data analyses seems to suggest an interaction of culture relatedness and emotional valance on affective responses. This research offers new insights into the interplay of language, culture, and emotion in bilingual contexts, examining how cultural salience modulates emotional responses.  

 Not stages, but variability ranges? Cognitive variability bridging complexity science and 'Piaget's new theory'   
   
 ten Den, Marije B. | ; 
  De Jonge-Hoekstra, Lisette | ; 
  van Dijk, Marijn | ; 
  Burman, Jeremy Trevelyan | ; 
  Cox, Ralf F.A. 
    
 Cognitive development has been hypothesised to be stagelike between the ages of 5-8 years (e.g., Piaget). Yet, cognition varies from moment to moment, in every task, for every child. Studies have demonstrated that cognitive variability is non-trivial, non-random, and meaningful, but attempts for systematic and large-scale longitudinal measurements of cognitive variability have scarcely been undertaken. This project's goal is to create a more detailed empirical record and dynamical account of intra-individual variability in cognitive development of children. We aim to do this with a 3-year longitudinal and multimodal data collection starting at 5 years of age. Half-yearly measurements will be complemented with periods of daily measurements. Our ultimate aim is to build a variability corpus in which we can study variability patterns and developmental transitions, and to connect our findings to ‚ÄúPiaget's new theory‚Äù. Our poster will present our methodology and findings from a pilot study.  

 Simulating Infants' Attachment: Behavioral Patterns of Caregiver Proximity Seeking and Environment Exploration Using Reinforcement Learning Models.   
   
 Zhou, Xi Jia | ; 
  Doyle, Chris | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. | ; 
  Haber, Nick 
    
 Attachment is crucial for infants' cognitive development and social relationships. Traditional attachment research has been qualitative, lacking a model to explain how infants' attachment styles develop from experience and how these are influenced by personal traits and environmental factors. We propose such a model, predicting how infants balance interaction with caregivers against exploring their surroundings. Our study is based in a grid-world environment containing an infant and caregiver agent. We vary the infant's temperamental factors (e.g., ability to regulate emotions and preferences for social vs. environmental reward), and caregiver behavior (whether positive or negative interactions are more likely). We find that different equilibria result that qualitatively correspond to different attachment styles. Our findings suggest that the characteristic exploratory behavior of each attachment style in real infants may arise from interactions of infant temperament and caregiver behaviors.  

 Challenges for a computational explanation of flexible linguistic inference   
   
 Woensdregt, Marieke | ; 
  Blokpoel, Mark | ; 
  van Rooij, Iris | ; 
  Martin, Andrea E 
    
 We identify theoretical challenges for developing a computational explanation of flexible linguistic inference. Specifically, the human ability to interpret a novel linguistic expression (like ‚Äúmask-shaming‚Äù), where inferring plausible meanings requires integrating relevant background knowledge (e.g., COVID-19 pandemic). We lay out (i) the core properties of the phenomenon that together make up our construal of the explanandum, (ii) explanatory desiderata to help make sure a theory explains the explanandum, and (iii) cognitive constraints to ensure a theory can be plausibly realised by human cognition and the brain. By doing so, we lay bare the ‚Äòforce field' that theories of this explanandum have to navigate, and we give examples of tensions that arise between different components of this force field. This is an important step in theory-development because it allows researchers who aim to solve one part of the puzzle of flexible linguistic inference to keep in clear view the other parts.  

 Listener Knowledge Structures Commonsense Explanation   
   
 Machino, Yuka | ; 
  Shprints, Ron | ; 
  Siegel, Max | ; 
  Wong, Lionel | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
    
 We tailor the explanations we give depending on the person asking for them ‚Äì you would explain why an event happened differently depending on which of the contributing causes the listener already knows. While significant prior work focuses on how causal structure in the world influences explanation, we focus on how explanation production is modulated by listener belief. We propose a computational model framing explanation as rational communication about causal events, using a recursive theory-of-mind and language production framework to choose amongst possible explanatory utterances that minimize the divergence between speaker and listener belief about a why an event happened. We evaluate our model using some partial observer stimuli, which manipulate the listener's stated prior knowledge about an event, and find that our model well-predicts human judgements about which of several contributing causes is the best explanation for a speaker to provide by modeling their communicative value to the listener.  

 Illusory Contour Clarity does not guide visual search but Surface Representations do   
   
 Zupan, Zorana | ; 
  Gvozdenovic, Dr Vasilije 
    
 This study investigated the impact of illusory contour clarity and surface representations on visual search for Kanizsa figures. Experiment 1 manipulated illusory contour clarity through inducer size, while Experiment 2 manipulated clarity by varying the number of arcs in the inducer pacman. Both experiments compared Kanizsa figures with non-illusory figures under the same manipulation conditions. The findings from both experiments suggested that illusory contour clarity did not significantly influence Kanizsa figure search performance, but rather suggested a Kanizsa advantage over non-illusory figures, underscoring the importance of surface representations. Experiment 3 explored the effects of surface alterations on Kanizsa figures and smoothed counterparts, and confirmed that surface alterations had discernible effects on visual search for Kanizsa illusory contours. The results indicated that visual search for Kanizsa illusory contours remained robust, unaffected by variations in illusory contour clarity, thereby emphasizing the role of surface representations in guiding visual search processes.  

 Adolescent Metacognitive Ability Predicts Spontaneous Task Strategy Adjustment   
   
 Chidley, Kali | ; 
  Dux, Paul | ; 
  Fox, Amaya | ; 
  Macmahon, Stephanie | ; 
  Carroll, Annemaree | ; 
  Matthews, Natasha 
    
 Adolescence is a critical period for developing higher-order processes, such as the ability to selectively switch attention in response to changes (cognitive flexibility) and employing strategies for regulating attention (metacognitive skill). We adapted a measure of cognitive flexibility, the cued task-switching paradigm, by allowing participants to control their preparation time. Adjusting preparation time according to the demands of the upcoming trial requires metacognitive awareness of task demands and cognitive processing limits. Therefore, we propose that this strategy of preparation adjustment captures metacognitive skill. In a large-scale study (N = 141) with adolescents aged 11-15 years, results indicate that participants spontaneously adopted a preparation adjustment strategy. Increased self-paced preparation time was associated with decreased cognitive flexibility costs and was positively related to questionnaire measures of metacognitive skill. Overall, these findings suggest that individual differences in metacognitive skill impact the extent to which adolescents spontaneously adopt a strategy to improve cognitive flexibility.  

 Agreement marking can benefit child learners   
   
 Tal, Shira | ; 
  Smith, Kenny | ; 
  Culbertson, Jennifer 
    
 Agreement, a systematic formal mapping between linguistic elements, adds redundant complexity to languages (e.g., in ‚Äòshe writes' the -s adds no information), and yet is crosslinguistically prevalent. A prominent hypothesis argues that the ubiquity of agreement may be due to a functional advantage it confers for child learners. Here, we test this using an artificial language learning experiment with 56 English-speaking children (mean age 5;11). We investigate whether agreement can facilitate learning of noun classes (e.g., ‚Äòmasculine'/'feminine'). In one condition, agreement appeared as a redundant cue to noun classes, whereas in the other condition there was no agreement. Following exposure, we tested children on noun classification for both nouns they were trained on and novel nouns. Results reveal that children classified nouns equally well in both conditions. However, novel nouns were classified better in the agreement condition compared to the no-agreement condition, suggesting agreement can facilitate generalization for child learners.  

 ERP insights into self-relevance with second-person pronouns during auditory story processing   
   
 Repp, Magdalena | ; 
  Schumacher, Petra B. | ; 
  Brilmayer, Ingmar 
    
 The study aims to determine if the positive ERP effect associated with self-relevance extends from first to second person pronouns and whether it is independent of the pronoun's referent. Two EEG experiments were conducted with 72 participants listening to two distinct audiobooks, "Tschick" and "Auferstehung der Toten" (AdT). The chosen novels differ in narrative structure, allowing for a comparison of the ERP response of 2sg pronouns that potentially refer to the listener with personal pronouns that do not. The narrative design of "Tschick" directed all 2nd person pronouns to characters in the story, while in "AdT" the listener was the most likely referent. The results reveal a significant positive ERP effect for second person pronouns in "AdT" compared to "Tschick," supporting the hypothesis that the self-relevance effect generalizes to second person pronouns. The findings suggest that this positivity in ERP reflects attentional processes enhancing the cortex's sensitivity to self-other distinctions.  

 The role of anxiety in learning under uncertainty in social and non-social contexts   
   
 Topel, Selin | ; 
  Ma, Ili | ; 
  van Steenbergen, Henk | ; 
  van Duijvenvoorde, Anna C. K. | ; 
  de Bruijn, Ellen 
    
 Navigating social situations is complex due to others' hidden intentions and evolving strategies, requiring learning from past experiences. Anxiety complicates adaptation to uncertainty, especially in non-social settings. However, research on the anxiety's impact on learning within social uncertainty remains scarce. In a preregistered study (N = 190), we investigated whether individuals with higher trait anxiety struggled to adjust learning rates in a social context with stable or volatile outcomes utilizing various learning models (e.g., additive, multiplicative, betrayal). Participants engaged in a modified trust game with stable and volatile players, alongside a non-social task with slot machines. Participants showed higher learning rates in social than non-social contexts, with notably elevated social learning rates in individuals with heightened fear of negative evaluation (FNE)‚Äîa crucial trait linked to anxiety, especially social anxiety. This suggests individuals with increased FNE might be more sensitive to learning under social uncertainty.  

 Crowdsourcing Multiverse Analyses to Examine the Robustness of Research Findings   
   
 Heyman, Tom | ; 
  Pronizius, Ekaterina | ; 
  Buchanan, Erin M. 
    
 Researchers typically have a fair amount of freedom when it comes to data processing and analysis selection. In many instances, there isn't one correct way to, for example, deal with outliers, which gives rise to a multitude of reasonable analysis pathways, each with its own outcome. Computational advances provide researchers with a unique opportunity to view the impact of such researcher degrees of freedom on the results from a study. Multiverse analyses involve the computational analysis of all these potential pathways, which can demonstrate the robustness of a particular phenomenon, or the lack thereof. However, even though multiverse analyses are less susceptible to biases compared to the typical single-pathway approach, it is still possible to selectively add or omit pathways. To address this, we propose a more principled approach to conducting multiverse analyses, and illustrate how it can be applied using the Semantic Priming Across Many Languages project.  

 A Question of Beliefs. Metacognitive Judgments about Fake News Detection   
   
 Cremille, Nora | ; 
  Mattes, Björn | ; 
  Pieschl, Stephanie 
    
 Undetected fake news can influence opinions and behaviors. Therefore, it is crucial to understand under which conditions people can detect fake news, and how aware they are of their detection performance. Building upon a study on phishing emails (Canfield et al., 2019), we investigated metacognition for both fake and legitimate news, along with related individual and task factors. In a single-factor within-subjects design, 175 participants read 19 sampled legitimate and 19 automatically generated fake news in random order. They were tasked with detecting fake news and providing metacognitive confidence judgments. Overall, participants displayed overconfidence with 68% correct detection and 73% confidence. However, they showed better calibration and resolution for fake news compared to legitimate news. Notably, there was a tendency for participants to misjudge legitimate news at high confidence levels. Prior knowledge positively impacted performance, whereas agreement with fake and disagreement with legitimate news resulted in performance falling below random.  

 Kinematic modulations of iconicity in child-directed communication in Italian Sign Language   
   
 Slonimska, Anita | ; 
  di Renzo, Alessio | ; 
  Kanakanti, Mounika | ; 
  Campisi, Emanuela | ; 
  Ozyurek, Asli 
    
 Linguistic strategies humans use for communication are designed to meet the informational needs of their addressees. Speakers not only adapt their speech but also increase the rate of iconic gestures to enhance the clarity of a message for children. Although sign languages allow signers to take advantage of iconicity far more than what is possible in speech, little is known about whether signers use iconicity as a strategy in child-directed communication. In the present study, we used automatic video pose estimation to analyze descriptions aimed at a child (12yo) vs. an adult produced by 7 deaf adult signers of Italian Sign Language. Overall, signers used iconic constructions more than lexical signs and with comparable frequency in descriptions for both age groups. However, iconic constructions were longer in duration for children. Thus, the present study presents the first evidence that, unlike speakers, signers do not modulate quantitative but only qualitative aspects of iconicity for children.  

 Prior Knowledge Adaptation Through Item-Removal in Adaptive Learning Increases Short- and Long-Term Learning Benefits   
   
 Krambeer, Malte | ; 
  van der Velde, Maarten | ; 
  van Rijn, Hedderik 
    
 In personalized-schedule learning, previous research has shown the benefit of initial attempted retrieval of study-items on short-term retention and later test performance. As a way of prior-knowledge identification, initial attempted retrieval may help to optimize learning and long-term performance further, through the removal (or ‚Äòdrop') of items from the learning set that are answered correctly on the first attempt. This study sought to support this hypothesis through a real-world, within-subjects experiment, comparing vocabulary test performance of Dutch middle school students after the use of a drop- and non-drop adaptive learning algorithm. The results show that short- and long-term item retention was higher for material studied using the drop-algorithm, while dropping items did not lead to worse retention compared to items that were kept upon initial correct responses. This suggests that initially-known items are correctly identified as ‚Äòmastered', and that their removal from the learning material allows students to focus their efforts on unknown items, leading to increased learning gains.  

 Access to inner language enhances memory for events   
   
 Connell, Louise | ; 
  Banks, Briony 
    
 We investigated whether inner language enhances memory for events in a naturalistic, non-verbal task where participants constructed simple models from memory after watching an instructional video. Across three experiments, we used linguistic suppression to manipulate access to language and tested its effect on overall memory performance. Results showed that access to inner language consistently affected event memory: when inner language was disrupted at encoding, participants were poorer at recalling the models and remembered fewer events. Critically, the effect of linguistic suppression on memory performance was greater than a control secondary task that did not affect access to language (i.e., poorer performance was not solely due to dual-task effects). These findings support the proposal that inner language enhances event memory via a mechanism of linguistic bootstrapping, which in turn extends theories of event memory and adds to a growing body of evidence that inner language is a highly valuable cognitive tool.  

 Evaluating the comprehension of fractions in 6th to 10th grade using a graduated number line test   
   
 Cauté, Maxime | ; 
  Potier-Watkins, Cassandra | ; 
  He, Chenxi | ; 
  Dehaene, Stanislas 
    
 How can we know whether a child really understands a fraction and how they understand it? We argue that number-to-line tasks are a great probe, as children need to think about magnitude and have many opportunities for error. We tested 26,000 pupils from 6th to 10th grades and analyzed their errors. In 6th grade, 80% of the responses were wrong; 45% were still so in 10th grade. We observed seven error patterns. In particular, younger and lower-performing children mostly confused fractions with decimals; older and higher-performing children rather placed the inverse of the target fraction. All grades also confused the roles of the numerator and the denominator. We propose that children use two strategies: they either convert the target fraction into a decimal or partition the line into units to count. We discuss theoretical (strategy choice vs. strategy execution) and pedagogical (identify and remediate misunderstandings) implications.  

 COVID-19 Disruptions in Learning of Critical Mathematics Content   
   
 Booth, Julie L. | ; 
  Tobin, Renée M | ; 
  Barbieri, Christina 
    
 Having better knowledge of fractions is causally related to the ability to learn algebra, so what happens when teaching and learning about fractions is disrupted, as was the case during the COVID-19 pandemic? In this study, we examine how educational disruption caused by a pandemic differentially impacted students' fraction learning relative to students who were learning other mathematics content during that time. This study provides results from a cross-sequential project examining various facets of mathematics knowledge for students in 4th-10th grades over three years (2021, 2022, 2023; N=903 students). We investigate differences in fractions and algebra knowledge based on students' grade levels across cohorts to determine if there are particular periods at which students' learning was differentially affected by the disruption. Individual differences in students' self-regulation, self-efficacy, and personality will also be explored as potential buffers.  

 Tuning in to a novel language is easier without orthography   
   
 Chladkova, Katerina | ; 
  Podlipský, Václav Jonáš | ; 
  Jarůšková, Lucie | ; 
  Šimáčková, Šárka | ; 
  Nudga, Natalia 
    
 Tuning into a novel language is a particularly difficult task for many adults. While the rhythmic and melodic patterns, i.e. prosody, bootstrap language acquisition in infancy, they are considerably challenging to learn in adulthood. Is it because of an age-related decline of the language-learning ability or because of unfavourable learning conditions? We investigated whether adults can auditorily sensitise to the prosody of a novel language, and whether such sensitisation is affected by concurrent presentation of alphabetic transcription. After 5 minutes of exposure to MƒÅori, Czech listeners could reliably recognize this language in a post-test using low-pass filtered clips of MƒÅori and Malay recorded by new speakers. Recognition accuracy was lower for participants exposed to the novel-language speech along with deep-orthography transcriptions or shallow orthography with unfamiliar characters. Adults can thus attune to novel-language prosody, but orthography hampers this ability. This has implications for language acquisition theories and learning practice.  

 Infants' evaluation of expected information gain in a gaze-contingent paradigm   
   
 Varga, Bàlint | ; 
  Pomiechowska, Barbara | ; 
  Kovacs, Agnes 
    
 Research on infants' observational behavior has predominantly focused on retrospective information gain, leaving the role of prospective evaluation of information gain unclear. We examined 12-month-olds' use of information sources in an eye-tracking study, where participants could use their gaze to 'shake' two out of three boxes to locate a hidden character through auditory cues. Across two pre-registered experiments, we manipulated the probability distributions for character locations to assess forward-looking exploratory strategies. Findings from Experiment 1 with a uniform distribution suggest that while infants learned task contingencies, their choices did not align with maximizing expected information gain, leaning instead towards confirmatory hypothesis testing. Experiment 2 employs a non-uniform probability distribution for character locations to rule out alternative explanations of Experiment 1. In this setup, one box pair provides more information gain, while the other provides confirmatory evidence. Data collection is in progress, results will be presented at the conference.  

 Object concepts in the brain: A representational similarity analysis of features and categories   
   
 Antal, Caitlyn | ; 
  de Almeida, Roberto G. | ; 
  Steele, Christopher | ; 
  Johns, Brendan 
    
 How are features and categories of objects represented in the brain? While numerous studies have identified category-specific regions for different categories of objects, the nature of the representation for individual objects remains elusive. We investigated this question by employing representational similarity analysis (Kriegskorte et al., 2006) to identify different types of object information reflected in fMRI activation patterns. Relying on Clarke et al's (2014) object naming data, we conducted a searchlight mapping analysis to assess whether the object dissimilarity predicted by various theoretical models of object categories and features corresponded to the dissimilarity defined by fMRI activity patterns. The object feature models we contrasted were based on three different sets of feature norms: (a) norming data we obtained from a dataset of 78,000 features produced by 100 participants for a set of 264 pictures (Antal et al., 2024), (b) the CLSB word feature norms (Devereux et al., 2014), and (c) McRae et al's (2005) word feature norms. Results will address the contribution of feature information to the representation of different object categories.  

 Mental Sampling in Preferential Choice: Specifying the Sampling Algorithm   
   
 Spicer, Jake | ; 
  Li, Yun-Xiao | ; 
  Castillo, Lucas | ; 
  Falben, Johanna | ; 
  Qian, Cheng Stella | ; 
  Zhu, Jian-Qiao | ; 
  Chater, Nick | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 Recent decision making theories have explained behaviour using mental sampling mechanisms where people imagine possible outcomes to guide their choices. Simultaneously, work in other domains has found evidence of particular mental sampling patterns, such as autocorrelations between samples and moderation by prior assumptions, which current decision making theories do not generally consider. Here, we seek to unify this work, developing a new sampling model of preferential choice incorporating these findings in other domains. Our model, based on the Autocorrelated Bayesian Sampler, predicts choice, reaction time, confidence and valuation from a common underlying process. We find a strong correspondence between our model's predictions and empirical choice data, though performance remains below leading explanations for such tasks. Our model does however cover a broader set of response types than existing theories, suggesting the advantages of considering of a wider range of behaviours than are commonly examined in current decision making studies.  

 The trajectory of the functional excitation-inhibition balance in an autistic and allistic developmental sample   
   
 Plueckebaum, Hannah | ; 
  Meyer, Lars | ; 
  Beck, Ann-Kathrin | ; 
  Lachmann, Thomas | ; 
  Menn, Katharina H. 
    
 Imbalances between the brain's excitatory (E) and inhibitory (I) systems can lead to structural and functional cortical deviances which have been associated with various developmental conditions including autism. However, the developmental trajectory of such EI imbalances across childhood and adolescence as well as its relationship to autism traits is not well understood yet. In this study, we determined a functional measure of the EI balance from resting-state electroencephalogram recordings of 92 autistic and 100 allistic children (6-17 years of age) and related it to behavioral assessments of autism traits and language ability. Our results revealed differential EI trajectories for the autistic compared to the allistic children. Moreover, the EI trajectories related to individual language ability in which elevated excitability in late childhood and early adolescence was linked to decreased listening comprehension. Our findings therefore show that the developmental trajectory of EI balance shares variance with autism trait development.  

 Development of Hindi Pragmatic Language Skills in Indian Children   
   
 Fatima, Afreen | ; 
  Babu, Nandita 
    
 The use of language within context is pragmatics. Since, there is no tool to assess Hindi pragmatics among Indian children, the present research aimed to develop a task to asses the same. In phase one, naturalistic observation, expert interviews, and text analysis of Hindi storybooks were conducted to understand the use of pragmatics. In phase two, Hindi Pragmatic language story narration (HPSN) and Hindi Pragmatic language video tasks (HPVT 1.0 and 2.0) were constructed to assess pragmatics. These were refined to develop Kids pragmatics Hindi videos (KPHV), used in phase three to investigate age and gender differences, further relationship with theory of mind was also examined. Children became significantly better in pragmatics with age. A significant relationship between pragmatics and theory of mind was also found. No significant effect of gender on pragmatics was observed. The findings of the study are useful for development of rehabilitation programs for children with Social Pragmatic Disorder (SPD). Keywords: Linguistics; Psychology; Development; Language development; Theory of Mind; Field studies; Statistics.  

 Feelings and Actions in Threatening Virtual Reality Environments   
   
 Kornemann, Lukas | ; 
  Serratos Hernandez, Ulises Daniel | ; 
  Brochard, Jules | ; 
  Bach, Dominik R. 
    
 Virtual Reality (VR) can offer insights into realistic human defensive behavior. In the present work, we sought to elucidate the interplay between feelings and actions in VR-simulated threatening scenarios. Participants (n = 30) encountered various animal threats in VR during a fruit collection task. We retrospectively assessed participants' feelings after each episode on several dimensions, namely valence, arousal, potency, surprise, and anxiety. As predictor variables, we included scenario characteristics, behavioral responses, and personality traits. Our results indicate that the primary determinants for subjective feelings except potency were ultimate survival, the availability of self-defense weapons, and the animals' behavior (attack or not). No strong determinants for potency could be found. Notably, participants' behavioral responses did not independently influence feelings reported later. These findings highlight VR's potential in expanding our understanding of subjective feelings in threatening situations. Our research suggests that behavior and feelings in defensive situations might not be closely linked.  

 Attraction and repulsion effects of expectation on the perception of acceleration.   
   
 Simpson, Nick | ; 
  Mazor, Matan | ; 
  Rittershofer, Kirsten | ; 
  Ward, Emma K. | ; 
  Press, Clare 
    
 According to Bayesian accounts, perception is the consequence of integrating sensory input with prior expectations, resulting in biased percepts attracted towards our expectations. Contrary to this logic, Phan et al. show that downward motion is perceived as less accelerating than upward motion: a repulsion from the expectation that downward-moving objects should accelerate. This is one of a small number of reported effects where perception is repulsed from expectation. The question then arises, what conditions result in repulsive effects, and why? Here we manipulated the expected acceleration profiles for context and object identity along the horizontal axis, asking whether we see repulsion effects similar to those observed by Phan et al. We find repulsion when expectations are related to the context in which a ball moves, but attraction when an association is made between the ball's colour and the acceleration profile. We discuss possible reasons and implications for the contradictory results.  

 Modeling the development of intuitive mechanics   
   
 Li, Tianyi | ; 
  Jing, Mengguo | ; 
  Makhani, Zakir | ; 
  Oved, Iris | ; 
  Krishnaswamy, Nikhil | ; 
  Pustejovsky, James | ; 
  Hartshorne, Joshua K 
    
 It takes children considerable learning and development to accurately predict whether an object is safely balanced or will fall -- something that happens if its center of mass is not supported from below. In the meantime, children go through a characteristic set of mistaken beliefs. Here we use an adapted version of the classical balance task to evaluate whether different models go through the same stages. Preliminary results show that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) do learn the task but do not necessarily go through the same stages. We are also testing several simulation-based accounts. We anticipate completing this work in time for the conference. The findings will help clarify the space of possible accounts of children's acquisition of intuitions about gravity and balance.  

 Disfluency in Speech and Gestures: Windows into Metacognitive Processes   
   
 Yilmaz, Begum | ; 
  Kaya, Emel Nur | ; 
  Karaka≈ü, Sultan | ; 
  Furman, Reyhan | ; 
  Göksun, Tilbe | ; 
  Eskenazi, Terry 
    
 Speech disfluency refers to the errors, pauses, or repetitions in speech production. Co-speech gestures are known to help resolve disfluency, suggesting a metacognitive involvement. Here we ask whether (1) disfluencies and gestures act as metacognitive cues in speech, and (2) they have different functions in conversational vs. non-conversational settings. Fifty participants responded to trivia questions, and rated their confidence in their answers (i.e. metacognitive judgement), either with a visible or a non-visible listener. They audibly elaborated on their answers during which we measured the frequency and type of disfluencies and co-speech gestures. We predict confidence ratings to change as a function of the rate of disfluency and the gestures produced by the participants. We also expect the rate of disfluencies and gestures change depending on the conversational setting. Our findings will contribute to understanding the multimodal nature of language and the role of metacognition in speech and gesture production.  

 Trust Resilience in Pedagogical Agents: Will Anthropomorphism Help Against Trust Decline?   
   
 Hapsari, Fransisca | ; 
  Stemler, Ronja Isabella | ; 
  Pieschl, Stephanie 
    
 Trust is an important factor in interaction with automated agents. This study tracks users' trust calibration to automated agents in a vocabulary learning task. We hypothesize that trust declines as agent reliability declines and that anthropomorphism should buffer against this decline. Replicating de Visser et al. (2016), 60 participants guessed the meaning of 96 foreign words in a 4x4x2 mixed experiment. In each trial, they guessed alone, then got an agent's recommendation and gave trust judgments, and made a final decision. Four pedagogical agents varying in anthropomorphism (within-subject: human, robot, smart speaker, computer) recommended answers with decreasing reliability (within-subject: 100%, 67.5%, 50%, 0%). Furthermore, participants either did or did not watch an introductory video about the agents (between-subject). Behavioral and judgment data were analysed via mixed-effects models and ANOVAs. Two-way interaction shows that trust declined differently in various agents, but there is little evidence supporting trust resilience in any agent.  

 Bayesian-like Decision-Making Behavior in Visual Search   
   
 Manavalan, Mathi | ; 
  Lee, Vanessa G | ; 
  Vilares, Iris 
    
 Extensive research from both sensorimotor and perceptual domains has shown that people make decisions by combining prior and current information according to their relative uncertainties, following Bayesian statistics predictions. However, less is known about visual search, a task that requires people to determine the presence/absence of a search target (T) amongst distractors (Ls). Here, we examined decision-making behavior in a visual search task which manipulated the target prevalence rate (prior: 25% or 50%) and the portion of the display that was visible (sensory information: 0%, 30%, or 60%). Participants' (N=56) decision-making behavior qualitatively reflected Bayesian predictions, relying more on the information that was less uncertain. When no items were visible, participants were highly accurate in making present/absent decisions based on the prevalence rate learned through feedback. But when provided sensory information, participants' decision-making was more strongly influenced by visibility. Thus, reliance on sensory information may dominate priors in visual search.  

 Comparative study of abstract representations in humans and non-human primates   
   
 Morfoisse, Théo | ; 
  Pajot, Maxence | ; 
  Papale, Paolo | ; 
  Roelfsema, Pieter | ; 
  Zhan, Minye | ; 
  Dehaene, Stanislas 
    
 The ability to manipulate and recognize abstract representations seems to be a fundamental aspect of human nature, existing since the dawn of our species and transcending cultural barriers. In contrast, non-human primates exhibit very limited proficiency in recognizing abstract representations. This research delves into this human singularity for visual abstraction, through neuroimaging experiments conducted in both humans and non-human primates. Stimuli presenting the same concept (e.g. a house or a face) but varying in abstraction levels (photos, drawings, symbols, and words) were initially presented to a monkey, while intracranial recording of his brain were obtained (16 Utah arrays distributed in V1, V4 and IT). Preliminary results indicate that monkey display early signs of abstraction, particularly for evolutionarily ancient categories such as faces. MEG and fMRI recordings of human subjects are also currently underway, striving to unveil the neuronal mechanisms that set our species apart in the domain of visual abstraction.  

 Concept Learning as Coarse-to-Fine Probabilistic Program Induction   
   
 Bowers, Maddy L | ; 
  Lew, Alexander | ; 
  Qi, Wenhao | ; 
  Rule, Joshua S | ; 
  Mansinghka, Vikash | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Solar-Lezama, Armando 
    
 Program induction is an appealing model for human concept learning, but faces scaling challenges in searching the massive space of programs. We propose a computational model capturing two key aspects of human concept learning ‚Äì our ability to judge how promising a vague, partial hypothesis is, and our ability to gradually refine these vague explanations of observations to precise ones. We represent hypotheses as probabilistic programs with randomness in place of unresolved programmatic structure. To model the evaluation of partial hypotheses, we implement a novel algorithm for efficiently computing the likelihood that a probabilistic program produces the observations. With this, we guide a search process whereby high-entropy, coarse programs are iteratively refined to introduce deterministic structure. Preliminary synthesis results on list manipulation and formal grammar learning tasks show improvements in sample efficiency when leveraging likelihood guidance, and a preliminary human study explores how model intermediate hypotheses compare to those of participants.  

 Differential Metacognitive Activation in Intuitive versus Reflective Thinking in Classroom Assessment Test   
   
 Yamazaki, Tomohito | ; 
  Imai, Mutsumi 
    
 This study investigates metacognitive awareness among students, focusing particularly on 'subjective confidence' as a predictor of potential conceptual change. In our study, 132 eighth graders completed a basic number knowledge test and evaluated their confidence level for each answer. Our analysis revealed that metacognitive accuracy‚Äîthe alignment of confidence levels with actual performance‚Äîwas significantly related to academic achievement scores in the 'Two-Numbers Comparison' task (e.g., choosing the correct inequality such as '1/2 > 1/3' or '1/2 < 1/3'), but not in the 'Number Approximations' task (e.g., choosing the closest result to '21/10 + 60/31' from options such as 2, 4, 41, or 81). Additionally, we observed distinct behavioral patterns in response times: the 'Two-Numbers Comparison' task elicited rapid responses, whereas the 'Number Approximations' task resulted in slower, more reflective responses. In conclusion, our results indicate that metacognitive processes are more actively engaged during intuitive thinking compared to reflective thinking.  

 How repetition interferes with access to visual working memory items : An EEG study   
   
 Narvaria, Abhishek Singh | ; 
  Banerjee, Dr. Arpan | ; 
  Roy, Dipanjan 
    
 In Visual working memory (VWM), the top-down goal selectively maintains and recalls items, while, bottom-up attention induced by perceptually similar items prioritizes recalling these VWM items. In this study, we focussed on whether repeated items have facilitated access in VWM and can also act as task-irrelevant interference hindering recalling task-relevant not-repeated items. In this VWM-based EEG study, human participants (n = 25) responded to a probe for an item's presence or absence in a memory array containing repeated and not-repeated items. Significantly slower response times and poor accuracy were observed for probe matching for not-repeated items. Also, Event-related spectral perturbation analysis showed an increase in mid-frontal theta (4-7Hz) and parietal alpha power (8-12 Hz) demonstrating that default prioritized repeated items interfere with recalling items corresponding to the not-repeated probe matching. This study shows how default prioritized repeated items; a relational property of stimuli can interfere with recalling task-relevant VWM items.  

 Interaction Between Mathematical Affect and Feedback During Mathematical Computation: A Computer Mouse-tracking Task   
   
 Kate, Shruti | ; 
  Goldblatt, Peri | ; 
  Asaro, Katie | ; 
  Borriello, Giulia | ; 
  Roche, Jennifer 
    
 Math affect (i.e., attitudes/beliefs about math) and feedback are predictors of mathematical performance. How these factors jointly influence cognition during mathematical problem-solving is less understood. A computer mouse-tracking task was used to assess math affect and computation ability of 78 undergraduate volunteers, before and after feedback (none; positive; negative). Positive affect toward math significantly predicted better accuracy on mathematical computations, but performance improved noticeably after positive feedback. This led to the question of whether or not feedback and affective components of math impact decision-making. Post-baseline, participants' ability to calculate the mathematical problems sped up significantly ‚Äî evidence of a practice effect. Individuals with more negative attitudes toward math exhibited more indecision in their responses when they received feedback, whereas participants with more positive attitudes toward computation reduced their indecision after feedback. This suggests that feedback interacts with math affect in important ways, impacting in-the-moment cognitive processing during mathematical calculation.  

 Newborns' neural tracking of infant-directed and adult-directed speech in native and foreign language   
   
 Dvořáková, Martina | ; 
  Chladkova, Katerina | ; 
  Urbanec, Josef | ; 
  Kremláček, Jan 
    
 At birth, the human brain is tuned to spoken language in general and to some extent also to native language in particular. In behavioral studies, infants also prefer to listen to infant-directed speech (IDS) to adults-directed speech (ADS), apparently most robustly in their native language. Recent studies demonstrated that this preference has correlates at the neural level as well. We test whether newborns show differential neural tracking of native over foreign, rhythmically different, language. We assess neural tracking of native and non-native speech in Czech-exposed newborns. Newborns' were played a children's story in two rhythmically different languages, Czech (lacking acoustic cues to word-level stress) and Russian (acoustically salient word-level stress), in IDS or ADS, while their EEG was recorded. We predicted stronger neural tracking of the native Czech, evident in larger inter-trial phase coherence (ITC), and total power. Preliminary data (n = 27 out of planned 60) suggest this language-specific effect is most prominent in the theta band corresponding to the syllable rate. We will further test whether this native-language effect would be more prominent in ADS or IDS. Data collection is underway and the results will be presented & discussed at the conference.  

 Social learning functions as an exploration tool in correlated environments   
   
 Witt, Alexandra | ; 
  Toyokawa, Wataru | ; 
  Lala, Kevin N | ; 
  Gaissmaier, Wolfgang | ; 
  Wu, Charley M 
    
 Humans can learn from observing diverse others, even when they know little about their exact preferences, skills, or goals. Yet, while our remarkable social learning abilities have been a popular research topic, prior work has generally been limited to tasks in which observer and demonstrator share the same value function. To address this discrepancy, we use the socially correlated bandit task, where participants explore positively correlated, rather than identical, environments in groups. We extend existing work using this paradigm by comparing behaviour across individual and social rounds within participants. We replicate findings that humans are able to use correlated social information effectively, with behaviour being best described by a model noisily integrates social information. In comparing individual and social search behaviour, we find that social learning partially replaces directed exploration. In conclusion, we find that humans use social information flexibly, employing it as an exploration tool, despite our differences.  

 Study of compositionality and syntactic movement in the human brain using 7T fMRI   
   
 Dighiero--Brecht, Thomas | ; 
  Pallier, Christophe | ; 
  Friedmann, Naama | ; 
  Rizzi, Luigi | ; 
  Dehaene, Stanislas 
    
 Linguists propose the existence of linguistic trees and define the merge operation to construct complex sentences from simpler elements. Previous neuroimaging studies, primarily utilizing 3T scanners, have identified an extensive fronto-temporal network involved in forming linguistic structures and executing merge operations. Intracranial recordings in these areas reveal a more distributed picture, with adjacent regions undertaking diverse linguistic tasks. We designed a 7T fMRI visual task to investigate the neural coding of syntactic operations. In healthy French-speaking participants, we initially identified the language network using a localizer. Subsequently, we employed short 3-word stimuli, presented briefly (200ms), to explore the response profiles within the language network. These stimuli included control conditions, affirmative statements, and interrogative sentences, all matched for letter and character count. Preliminary results indicate that 200ms is sufficient to differentiate between sentences and non-sentences, and suggest a finely-tuned specialization for syntactic operations within language network subregions.  

 Unveiling the Path to Phonological Anticipation: Insights from Infants' Eye Movements   
   
 Castellón-Flores, Alejandra Mitzi | ; 
  Angulo-Chavira, Armando Q | ; 
  Arias-Trejo, Natalia 
    
 Unveiling the Path to Phonological Anticipation: Insights from Infants' Eye Movements Phonological anticipation, predicting upcoming words based on phonological cues, is crucial in language processing (Brunellière et al., 2018; Ito et al., 2018). While infants show predictive abilities in language domains, mechanisms and developmental trajectories in native Spanish-speaking populations are less explored. This study investigates phonological anticipation in Mexican Spanish-speaking infants using eye-tracking. It examines if infants of different ages can anticipate phonologically related words in semantically restrictive sentences. Auditory sentences with restrictive contexts were presented, and visual stimuli included phonologically related and unrelated competitors. Participants were 18, 24, and 30-month-old infants. Results show 18- and 24-month-olds didn't anticipate based on semantics alone, requiring auditory presentation. However, 30-month-olds demonstrated phonological anticipation, signaling developmental changes. Understanding this trajectory is vital for comprehending language processing. This study contributes insights into the emergence and maturation of phonological anticipation, impacting language acquisition theories.  

 A Computational Framework to Account for Attention in Multi-attribute Decisions   
   
 Hadian Rasanan, Amir Hosein | ; 
  Gluth, Sebastian | ; 
  Rieskamp, Jörg 
    
 The impact of visual attention on choice processes has been established over the last decades. Several studies are consistent with the view that visual attention increases the subjective value of the attended option. However, a few computational models have been proposed to investigate how attention and subjective values interact in multi-attribute choices. Moreover, these models disagree in terms of whether value is modulated by attention additively or multiplicatively. The additive theory states that the boost up subjective value depends only on gaze duration, and gaze on an option magnifies the subjective value at a constant rate. On the other hand, the multiplicative theory assumes that the magnitude of the attention-driven boost is value-dependent, and gazing at a high-value option yields a more significant boost in subjective value. Although there is a long debate on these two theories, recent studies have shown that both additive and multiplicative interactions between subjective value and gaze time may be essential for explaining empirical data and have suggested hybrid theories. For multi-attribute decisions, however, extant attentional models only consider the multiplicative interaction. This work introduces a new computational framework to account for attention in multi-attribute decisions. Our model assumes a hybrid attentional mechanism for the interaction between subjective values and gaze duration. We have tested the model on four datasets from various domains (e.g., clothing/brand, food/nutrition, food bundle, and money risk tasks). The results from the nested model comparison show that the proposed hybrid model works better than the other computational models.  

 Testing the effects of distinct code-switching types on cognitive control   
   
 Kaan, Edith | ; 
  Medina, Rodrigo Mello | ; 
  Diaz, Guadalupe Maria | ; 
  Sane, Kirthana | ; 
  Chandler, Savannah | ; 
  Neitz, Matt | ; 
  Kuntz, Claire | ; 
  Valdés Kroff, Jorge | ; 
  Kheder, Souad 
    
 Code-switching, that is, the alternation between different languages in a single utterance, provides a unique window into language control mechanisms. Prior studies suggest that bilinguals upregulate their cognitive control when reading sentences that start in one language and end in another (e.g., Adler et al. 2020; Bosma & Pablos, 2020). The current project investigates whether more common types of code-switches and different modalities engage cognitive control differently. We had early Spanish-English bilinguals listen to (Experiments 1, 2, 4), or read (Experiment 3) sentences that were in Spanish only, or included dense or insertional switches to English. After each sentence participants responded to a Flanker trial. In contrast to prior findings, we either found no effect (Exp. 1), or a larger Flanker conflict effect after a switch vs. a unilingual sentence (Exp. 2 - 4). We therefore have no evidence that processing common types of code-switches upregulates cognitive control.  

 Estimating human color-concept associations from multimodal language models   
   
 Mukherjee, Kushin | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy | ; 
  Schloss, Karen 
    
 People's color-concept associations influence many processes underlying visual cognition from object recognition to information visualization interpretation. Thus, a key goal in cognitive science is developing efficient methods for estimating color-concept association distributions over color space to model these processes. Here, we investigated the ability of GPT-4, a multimodal large language model, to estimate human-like color-concept associations. We collected human association ratings between 70 concepts spanning abstractness and 71 colors spanning perceptual color space and compared these ratings to analogous ratings from GPT-4, when it was given concepts as words and colors as hexadecimal codes. GPT-4 ratings were correlated with human ratings, comparably to state-of-the-art image-based methods. Variation in human-GPT rating correlations across concepts was predicted by concept abstractness, but this effect was superseded by specificity (peakiness; inverse entropy) of color-concept association distributions. Our results highlight the viability of using model-generated color-concept association ratings to better understand human color semantics.  

 Investigating contextual effects in referential communication   
   
 Greidanus Romaneli, Miriam | ; 
  Sinneker, Jesper | ; 
  Ba≈°nàkovà, Jana | ; 
  Galantucci, Bruno | ; 
  Toni, Ivan 
    
 The ability to flexibly interpret signals in context is at the core of human communication, as even the most conventionalized linguistic signals are necessarily ambiguous and subject to inter-individual variability. We introduce a novel communication game (the Pizzini game) requiring pairs of participants to exchange linguistic signals that are successfully interpreted by using contextual information freshly generated by each pair. By allowing this common ground between once-strangers to be developed interactively in the lab, we are able to characterize the pair-specific contextual information available to participants when inferring intended meanings. We present preliminary data testing the predictions that (1) interactants align on an abstracted conceptual representation of a set of stimuli during the context-building portion of the task and (2) that the characteristics of this pair-specific conceptual representation predict the dynamics of how participants later resolve context-specific references to the same stimuli.  

 Modulation of rhythmic brain circuitry alters the pattern of experience-based decision processing   
   
 Ghaderi, sadegh | ; 
  Hemami, Mohammad | ; 
  Amani Rad, Jamal | ; 
  khosrowabadi, Reza 
    
 Understanding and modulating cognitive aspects of decision-making and reinforcement learning are crucial for addressing neuropsychiatric problems like substance use disorders (SUD). We developed a non-invasive stimulation method to modulate theta phase synchronization between the medial prefrontal cortex and right lateral prefrontal cortex. Our EEG-informed modulation led to bidirectional changes in learning-based decision-making, including error-related components and brain signatures. In fact, by combining HD-tACS with mathematical modeling, we revealed that in-phase/antiphase HD-tACS over the mPFC and rPFC significantly altered (synchronized/desynchronized) theta phase coupling between these regions, influencing decision accuracy (improved/impaired), and neurocomputational parameters of learning-based decision-making. Additionally, this modulation rescued/disrupted the causal link between brain error monitoring and cognitive control systems in healthy/SUD participants, and reshaped punishment-guided decision and learning components. We concluded theta rhythms in the mPFC and mPFC-rPFC coupling play a unifying causal role in regulating choice, learning, and behavioral adaptation in both healthy and patient populations.  

 Lexical diversity in human- and LLM-generated text   
   
 Kendro, Kelly | ; 
  Maloney, Jeffrey | ; 
  Jarvis, Scott 
    
 Despite the widespread adoption of public-facing large language models (LLMs) over the past several months, we still know little about the complexities of machine-generated language in comparison to human-generated language. To better understand how lexical complexity differs between human- and LLM-produced texts, we elicited responses from four commercially-available LLMs (ChatGPT 3.5, ChatGPT 4.0, Claude, and Bard), and compared them to writing from humans from different backgrounds (i.e., L1 and L2 English users) and education levels. We also investigated whether the LLMs demonstrated consistent style across targeted prompts, as compared to the human participants. Through an analysis of six dimensions of lexical diversity (volume, abundance, variety-repetition, evenness, disparity, dispersion), preliminary results suggest that LLM-generated text differs from human-generated with regards to lexical diversity, and texts created by LLMs demonstrate less variation than human-written text. We will discuss the implications of these differences for future research and education in applied linguistics.  

 Relationship between emotional linkages and perceived emotion during a joint task   
   
 Murata, Aiko | ; 
  Kumano, Shiro 
    
 Emotional physiological responses are altered not only by external events, but also by the emotions of the people in front of us. While these interpersonal emotional linkages are considered an important aspect of empathy, it is unclear how they relate to cognitive empathy, that is, how we perceive others' emotions. We investigated the relationship between emotional linkage and emotional cognition in an experiment in which two participants estimate each other's emotions while their heart rates were measured during a thrilling joint task using a block game. We also collected data from the two observers because, in reality, in addition to understanding the emotions of the interacting partner, it is sometimes necessary to understand the emotions of a non-interacting person from a third-person perspective. The results suggest that, for game players, their own heart rate is related to perceived partner emotion, and for observers, the degree of heart rate synchrony between observers is related to perceived player emotion. Capturing emotional cognition in a joint task requires consideration of both individual emotion and interpersonal emotional linkages.  

 Associations between gustatory imageries and vowel length in Japanese food names   
   
 Kambara, Toshimune | ; 
  Yoshio, Mizuki | ; 
  Okada, Nodoka | ; 
  Kawano, Rea | ; 
  Kondo, Norika | ; 
  Tamakawa, Sho 
    
 This study examined how vowel length in words affects the gustatory imageries (i.e., sweetness, saltiness, bitterness, sourness, and spiciness). We presented pseudowords with long and short vowels to native Japanese speakers using different modalities and instructions. The stimuli were presented visually (Studies 1, 3, and 4) or auditorily (Study 2). In addition, half of participants in Study 3 were instructed to subvocalize the stimuli and the other half were instructed not to subvocalize. Words with long vowels were associated with sweetness when presented in katakana characters (Studies 1 and 3). Words with short vowels were associated with saltiness and bitterness when presented in katakana characters (Study 3). Our findings revealed a role of vowel length in taste-sound correspondences in Japanese. It advances the understanding of how people obtain information about the taste expectations from word forms.  

 Aesthetic and affective effects of consonant alliteration and meter in Japanese poems   
   
 Yoshio, Mizuki | ; 
  Kambara, Toshimune 
    
 This study investigated the effects of consonant alliteration and meter on valence, arousal, and aesthetic evaluations. In Study 1, native Japanese speakers evaluated valence, arousal, beauty, and understandability of classical Japanese poems after listening to both alliterated and non-alliterated versions. The alliterated poems were rated as slightly calmer than the non-alliterated ones, although the difference was not statistically significant. In Study 2, native Japanese speakers listened to poems that consisted of pseudowords. The poems used as stimuli were systematically made in terms of alliteration and meter. The metered poems were perceived as more preferable, calmer, and more beautiful than the non-metered ones, regardless of the presence or absence of alliteration. Additionally, the alliterated and metered poems were perceived as more exciting than non-alliterated and metered poems. These results suggest that metered poems make people feel beautiful and comfortable. It might be applicable to clinical treatment.  

 CognitiveConflict_0131   
   
 Ciarrocchi, Nicolò | ; 
  Zivi, Pierpaolo 
    
 The use of controlled processes to resolve cognitive conflict can have various effects on performance in memory tasks. There are two hypotheses in this regard. On one hand, the use of controlled processes required to resolve cognitive conflict may impair a deep stimulus encoding, and consequently its recall. Otherwise, it would favour the encoding and subsequent memory of the stimuli involved in it. The objective of the study is both to investigate conflict effects (i.e., stimulus and response level conflict) on memory performance and the role of encoding level in modulating that effect using different paradigms (e.g., the flanker, and task switching paradigm). The preliminary results show that conflict effects seem to be independent by the level of stimulus processing. Therefore, task-switching paradigm seems to nullify both stimulus and response-level conflict effects on memory performance. Otherwise, Flanker paradigm seems to be useful to highlight conflict effects on memory.  

 Data-Driven Analysis of Physical and Mental Rotation Strategies   
   
 Wetzel, Stefanie | ; 
  Bertel, Sven 
    
 Studying physical rotation (i.e., rotation tasks during which figures can be physically rotated, such as through gestures) can offer insights also into problem solving processes at work during mental rotation. We present a novel method for behavioral pattern analysis which we applied to data from 2,999 physical rotation tasks gathered in-class from 50 secondary school students. The method uses normalized, resampled, time-dependent data on angular offsets between figures over time and agglomerative, correlation-based clustering. Each cluster represents a distinct behavioral pattern and its respective prototype a problem solving strategy. Results indicate that multiple strategies were employed: The dominant strategy matches the classical model of mental rotation, in which angular offsets between figures are decreased over time. For the secondary strategy, angular offsets were actually increased. A subsequent analysis shows that the secondary strategy was more frequently used for symmetric figures, possibly indicating problems with correctly matching segments across figures.  

 Shared syntax in bilinguals: Does code-switching affect the strength of cross-language structural priming?   
   
 Khoe, Yung Han | ; 
  Kootstra, Gerrit Jan | ; 
  Kaan, Edith | ; 
  Schoonen, Rob | ; 
  Frank, Stefan 
    
 Results from both cross-language priming and code-switching studies suggest that syntax is shared between languages in a bilingual's language system. However, it is not clear how these bilingual language phenomena interact. We tested whether, under an implicit learning account, code-switching in the prime increases syntax sharing, leading to stronger cross-language priming. We conducted four simulated Spanish to English structural priming experiments using the Bilingual Dual-path model. The primes either had an English (code-switched) determiner and noun or noun only, at the beginning or end of the sentence, or were entirely in Spanish. Mixed effects analyses only revealed a significant positive interaction between code-switch condition and priming, indicating stronger priming, with a code-switched English noun phrase at the very beginning of the sentence, but non-significant interactions otherwise. These results provide further support for the idea that code-switching and cross-language structural priming can be interpreted as evidence for shared syntactic representations bilinguals.  

 On the nature of recency after rare event in decisions from experience   
   
 Yang, Yujia | ; 
  Thoma, Anna Isabel | ; 
  Hertwig, Ralph | ; 
  Wulff, Dirk U 
    
 How does experiencing a rare event, like a car accident or a lottery win, influence decision-makers consecutive decisions? Studying these so-called recency effects holds a long tradition in research on experience-based decision-making. Previous work suggests opposite behavioral patterns after experiencing a positive rare event: People have been found to be more likely to either repeat their choice (positive recency) or to avoid it (negative recency). The effect is thought to persevere for multiple choices and decrease over time. In this study, we provide new insights into recency effects by analyzing people's repeated choices from an extensive database‚Äîconsisting of 3 million choices by 8,000 participants across 12 different decision-from-experience paradigms collected from 139 studies. We provide a conceptual framework clarifying patterns of positive and negative recency, including how the direction and magnitude of impact change over time.  

 Three perspectives on decisions under risk and uncertainty: A comparative analysis of potential discrepancies and their explanations   
   
 Fischer, Olivia | ; 
  Lob, Aaron Benjamin | ; 
  Frey, Renato 
    
 Understanding and predicting the relevant risky choices of modern life is a key goal of the behavioral sciences and cognitive decision research specifically. However, do researchers study those choices that people actually face in their lives, or choices that at least capture the same cognitive processes? To address these open questions, we compare 214 risky choices from three perspectives (research, layperson, life outcomes) and use semantic embeddings extracted from a LLM to assess the similarity of choices between perspectives. Furthermore, by means of a Bayesian mixed effects model we examine the potential overlaps and gaps between the three perspectives regarding which cognitive mechanisms may be at play when people make the various choices. Our research informs theories of risk taking by revealing discrepancies of behavioral research with real-life choices, both regarding the choices that are considered timely as well as the cognitive underpinnings that influence these choices.  

 The Effect of Set Size on Long-Term-Memory Retrieval Times in Cued Recall   
   
 Haridi, Susanne | ; 
  Thalmann, Mirko | ; 
  Schulz, Eric 
    
 Cognitive search processes are generally affected by the number of available items. We investigated if this also applies to long-term memory retrieval. Specifically, we explored the effect of set size on retrieval times of cued memories from long-term memory. Participants learned lists of word pairs that varied in the number and the semantic similarity of the pairs. An increase in set size resulted in slower retrieval times, indicating the influence of set size on memory retrieval efficiency. However, participants were faster in retrieving more semantically similar word pairs. These findings are consistent with a search-based model of retrieval, illustrating its sensitivity to the number of memory candidates, while highlighting the role of the quality of the cue in optimizing search performance. Furthermore, we established the validity of using similarity values based on Word2Vec embeddings by showing a high correlation with human similarity ratings and similar model results.  

 Restless Sleep, Uncertain Minds: Learning and Inhibitory Control Under Partial Sleep Deprivation.   
   
 Calderan, Margherita | ; 
  Visalli, Antonino | ; 
  Sellaro, Roberta | ; 
  Cellini, Nicola 
    
 This study assesses how partially sleep-deprived individuals learn regularities in a predictable yet uncertain environment and evaluates the impact of their expectations on inhibitory control performance. Participants were randomly assigned to undergo either an 8-hour (well-rested, WR, n=36) or a 4-hour (sleep-restriction, SR, n=32) sleep period before performing a Go/No-Go task in which we systematically varied the proportions of Go and No-Go trials (20%-80%, 80%-20%, 50%-50%). Preliminary results showed faster reaction times with increasing "Go" probability for both groups. The WR group showed a growing Go-Probability effect over time, unlike the SR group, suggesting potential differences in the underlying learning styles (e.g., meta- learning). As for accuracy, commission errors were more frequent as the probability of ‚ÄúGo‚Äù increased, irrespective of the group. To delve further into the effects of sleep deprivation on learning, a Bayesian model for individual learning under uncertainty will be implemented.  

 Lexicons encode differently what people do differently. Computational studies of the pragmatic motivations of lexical typology.   
   
 Beekhuizen, Barend 
    
 Languages differ in what meanings their lexical items encode: The meaning covered by English 'blue' is famously split into 'sinij' (darkblue) and 'goluboj' (lightblue) in Russian. Recent years have seen novel interest in functional explanations of such variation, pointing to a correlation between greater communicative need of a lexical field and a finer-grained lexical inventory. Here, I develop the position that rather than the mere difference in ‚Äúneed‚Äù to mention lexical field, it is the field's discourse-pragmatic diversity that predicts whether languages ‚Äúlump‚Äù or ‚Äúsplit‚Äù more. I will demonstrate this with computational techniques and a typologically diverse corpus of spontaneous spoken data from 51 languages (DoReCo), first for the field of verbs of visual perception ('see'-'look'), then on a lexicon-wide level. There are implications: our notions of what a comparable concept is in lexical semantics, what lexical knowledge entails, and the dimensions along which languages differ require re-examining.  

 Investigation of The Generation Effect on Memory and Metamemory Through Semantic and Perceptual Cues   
   
 Yavuz, Fatih | ; 
  Besken, Miri 
    
 The generation effect, demonstrating improved memory performance through self-generating information, was explored in this study. Participants engaged in semantic and perceptual generation tasks, where semantic tasks involved meaning-related associations, and perceptual tasks focused on surface characteristics. While previous studies separately examined these tasks, our project directly compared their impact. Experiment 1 revealed higher recognition performance for semantic generation over perceptual generation, with no significant difference in recognition across perceptual and semantic reading conditions. Experiment 2 incorporated judgments-of-learning (JOL) and no-JOL groups, demonstrating that participants accurately predicted and performed better on memory tasks involving generation and semantic manipulations. Additionally, JOL-group participants outperformed the no-JOL group, suggesting that predicting one's memory performance enhances actual memory performance. Experiment 3 aimed to see the effects of the match between encoding and retrieval. The results showed that the JOL group outperformed the no-JOL group, and this effect was observable through semantically meaningful testing.  

 Naturalistic Transmission of Causal Knowledge between Machines and Humans   
   
 Colas, Cédric | ; 
  Mills, Tracey | ; 
  Prystawski, Ben | ; 
  Tessler, Michael Henry | ; 
  Goodman, Noah | ; 
  Andreas, Jacob | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
    
 Human ecological success stems from our ability to absorb and build upon cultural knowledge, a process we aim to model computationally by integrating individual and cultural learning from language ‚Äî one of the main vehicles of cultural transmission (e.g. instructions, explanations, stories). In simple video games, our model infers game rules from both interaction data (individual learning) and partial causal models extracted from game descriptions (cultural learning). Given exhaustive descriptions (either hand-written or generated by a model given access to oracle data), models leveraging the two learning sources induce more accurate game rules from limited data than both the individual- and cultural-only controls. Interestingly, descriptions from human game players do not consistently yield better rule induction. We hypothesize that players may preferentially communicate information that will be essential to the others' future decision-making and we aim to investigate cultural transmission by integrating individual and cultural learning with both causal understanding and decision-making.  

 The contribution of low-level action detection and high-order action recognition on the sensorimotor beta rhythm suppression   
   
 Georgiev, Christian Marianov | ; 
  Mongold, Scott | ; 
  Bourguignon, Mathieu 
    
 A suppression of the cortical beta rhythm is a ubiquitous neural correlate of action observation. However, it remains unclear to which extent low-level action detection and higher-order recognition of actions' kinematics and goals contribute to beta suppression. Here, 24 participants, equipped with EEG, watched videos of kinematically natural goal-intact (Normal), kinematically unnatural goal-intact (How), and kinematically natural goal-violating (What) actions. We investigated the beta suppression at the time of action onset and at the time of action recognition. Across conditions, the beta rhythm was suppressed at action onset above both hemispheres, and no further change in the already suppressed beta rhythm was observed at the time of action recognition. Furthermore, beta suppression did not differ between Normal, How, and What videos. In conclusion, beta suppression is an ubiquitous characteristic of action observation but does not seem to be sensitive to the higher-order characteristics of observed action.  

 Evidence from eye-tracking on the processing of quotation marks in German   
   
 Raue, Natascha | ; 
  Haertl, Holden | ; 
  Cortés Rodríguez, Alvaro 
    
 Quotational constructions as in 'This phenomenon is called ‚Äúmoonbow‚Äù' involve predicates like call and are used to introduce a lexicalized word, i.e. ‚Äúmoonbow‚Äù, to the addressee. The name of a lexicalized concept is mentioned which is why we refer to this type of sentential construction as a name-mentioning construction (NMC). Although there is substantial philosophical research on the notion of quotation, empirical evidence is sparse. In our empirical investigation, we use eye-tracking data to look into the nature of the processing of quotation marks in NMCs. The results of Linear Mixed Models indicate that there is no statistically significant difference for early eye-tracking measures, but a significant effect for the expression in the target Interest Area Dwell Time. Words enclosed in quotation marks are processed longer than target words without quotes. We argue that our findings suggest the involvement of higher cognitive processes in the processing of quotes.  

 The relationship between non-verbal alignment and cooperativeness in a game theory-based TV show   
   
 Karkowska, Klaudia | ; 
  Namednikava, Darya | ; 
  Placi≈Ñski, Marek | ; 
  Pleyer, Michael | ; 
  Matzinger, Theresa 
    
 Throughout evolutionary history, and in everyday lives, it has been a crucial task to identify good and reliable cooperation partners. A good way of assessing potential partners' quality and willingness is to engage in conversation with them. We investigated if non-verbal behaviours during such conversations can be reliable indicators of interactants' cooperativeness ‚Äì in contrast to the semantic content of utterances that can be easily faked. Specifically, we predicted that interactants who align in their use of non-verbal behaviours would also act more cooperatively in other tasks beyond the conversation. To test this, we analyzed gestures in the British TV game show Golden Balls, where contestants discussed and faced a game-theoretic decision to split or steal a monetary prize. Results suggest that individuals choosing to split indeed align their non-verbal behaviours more than those choosing to steal. This implies that subtle movements can serve as reliable indicators of trustworthy cooperation partners.  

 Main author   
   
 Flores, Jorge A | ; 
  Amaro-Fuenzalida, J I | ; 
  Fioravante, Isabella 
    
 Background: Research on adults with ADHD has recently identified, in addition to cognitive-executive difficulties, significant impairments in emotion regulation. Objective: This study aimed to assess the efficiency of emotion regulation in adults with ADHD using three strategies: observe, reappraise, and suppress. Method: Adults with ADHD (n = 68) and without ADHD (n = 69) were exposed to neutral or negative IAPS image sets and reported their emotions while employing these strategies. Results: The ADHD group displayed significant emotion dysregulation, depressive symptoms, and anxiety compared to the non-ADHD group. Suppression of negative emotions was shown to be the mechanism by which the ADHD group achieved greater suppression efficiency, although both suppression and reappraisal were equally utilized as regulatory strategies. Conclusion: These results highlight the efficiency of suppression in controlling negative emotions in the ADHD population, while also suggesting potential for effective training in reappraisal.  

 Kinetic elements in genuflexion correlate with the degree of power relations in societal strata: The CONTROL IS UP metaphor in medieval miniatures   
   
 Ibarretxe Antuñano, Iraide | ; 
  Ariño Bizarro, Andrea | ; 
  Oliver, David Moret | ; 
  Moret-Oliver, María Teresa | ; 
  Tomàs Faci, Guillermo 
    
 The CONTROL IS UP metaphor is an embodied cognitive mechanism that helps western speakers reason about power relations in terms of vertical spatial organization, This paper explores its multimodal elaboration in visual manifestations of pyramidal structured arrangements and kinetic practices such as genuflexion in medieval miniatures in order to (i) demonstrate the role of multimodal representations of metaphors in reasoning, (ii) unveil power relationships between different societal strata. 34 miniatures (12th ct. Liber feudorum maior) were analised with the ‚Äúmultimodal genuflexion test‚Äù to describe and measure (CAD-software) distances between kinetic elements (facial/manual gestures, postures). Results indicate that (i) power relations are not just vertically represented (kneeling & bowing), physical distance between characters and position of hands are crucial, (ii) there is a significant positive correlation [U = 61,119; p = 0.003] between the power figure and the degree of ‚Äúbody bending‚Äù (bowing, kneeling) and hand distance.  

 Language influences how Spanish speakers from different cultural backgrounds think, talk, and gesture about causality   
   
 Ariño Bizarro, Andrea | ; 
  Ibarretxe Antuñano, Iraide 
    
 Causality is a shared general experience, but languages differ in the way they encode it. This research explores the possible correlation between society type, language and causal attribution in the way Spanish speakers think and judge causality. 202 native speakers of European and American Spanish participated in three different studies: (i) an adaptation of Singelis' (1994) psychological questionnaire for social in(ter)dependency; (ii) a non-verbal categorisation task for the attribution of causal responsibility; and (iii) a multimodal description task for causal events. Data were elicited with a set of 58 causal videoclips from the CAL project (NSF,BCS-1535846). Results show that all Spanish speakers, regardless of their Western (Spain) or Eastern (Latin America) backgrounds, categorise and linguistically describe causality based on the degree of the action's intentionality. A strong correlation between language and causal categorisation was found, supporting the idea that language is a determining factor in the causal attribution.  

 Motivated Information Search   
   
 Hominis, Ohan | ; 
  Ruggeri, Azzurra 
    
 This study explores the influence of social contexts on the efficiency of information search in children (6-14 years), adolescents (15-17 years), and adults. Participants are placed on a team for a competition. When the championship trophy goes missing, the participant's team has either won or lost. Participants are then tasked with playing a 20-Questions game to try to find the trophy. Beyond the developmental trajectory in their ability to select the most informative questions, we found, as hypothesized, that all participants actively biased their search strategies: the efficiency of their questions was contingent upon whether it was in their best interest to find the culprit. In particular, they were more likely to select the most efficient question when they were winning and were more motivated to identify the target. Overall, our findings suggest that social contexts play a strong role in modulating the efficiency of information search across age groups.  

 Violations of Moral Standards versus Emotional Reactions: How is Outrage Generated?   
   
 Jessop, Amelia Day | ; 
  Kim, Hyoseok | ; 
  Sloman, Steven 
    
 Outrage has often been interpreted as a shorthand for ‚Äúmoral outrage,‚Äù anger upon a moral standard being violated (Batson et al., 2007). We ask whether a violation of a moral standard is necessary for producing outrage or whether other variables can also produce it. By presenting participants with a series of potentially outrage-inducing scenarios and measuring their emotional responses, we seek to identify the predictors of outrage. We find that anger and disgust are the strongest predictors of level of outrage compared to sense of threat, level of surprise, level of uncomfortableness, severity of the moral violation, and how much one values the moral being violated. Mediation analyses suggest that moral violations do not mediate the effects of anger and disgust on outrage. However, anger and disgust do mediate the effect of moral violations on outrage. Our findings suggest that moral violations elicit anger and disgust, which in turn produce feelings of outrage.  

 Abstracted Gaussian Prototypes for One-Shot Concept Learning   
   
 Zou, Chelsea | ; 
  Kurtz, Kenneth 
    
 While humans have the remarkable ability to learn concepts from few examples, machine learning algorithms oftentimes require complex architectures that struggle to learn from minimal data. We introduce a simple computational framework for one-shot learning to encode higher-level representations of visual concepts using Gaussian Mixture Models (GMMs). Distinct topological subparts of concepts are represented as inferred Gaussian components, which can generate abstracted subparts to build robust prototypes for each concept. Our framework addresses both one-shot classification tasks through a similarity metric inspired by Tverksy's (1977) contrast model, as well as one-shot generative tasks through a novel pipeline employing variational autoencoders (VAEs) to generate new class variants. Our approach yields impressive classification accuracy while also performing a breadth of conceptual tasks that most approaches do not even attempt. Results from human judges reveal that our generative pipeline produces novel classes of visual concepts broadly indistinguishable from those made by humans.  

 Preliminary insights into the effects of ChatGPT on children's creativity   
   
 Armitage, Kristy L | ; 
  Crimston, Jessica | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 Creative thinking is associated with improved academic performance, social proficiency, problem-solving skills, and emotional wellbeing in children. Here, we explore the potential of ChatGPT, a language model developed by OpenAI, as an avenue for fostering creativity in children through prompting new ideas and ways of thinking. Six- to 11-year-old children's (N=140) performance on the Alternative Uses Test (AUT) was measured before and after completing one of three possible activities: (i) hearing single-word AI-generated uses for three objects, (ii) hearing sentence-long AI-generated uses for the three objects, or (iii) drawing a picture containing the three objects. Blind coding of children's own AUT responses (for different objects) before and after these activities suggested that children showed greater improvements in creativity in the two AI conditions (M=.55, SE=.14) than in the drawing condition (M=.04, SE=.15), F=4.17, p=.018. Our results provide initial support for ChatGPT as a useful tool for promoting children's creative thinking.  

 Income Inequality and Status Seeking: A Study Using Large-Scale Human Mobility Data   
   
 Ye, Yuqi | ; 
  Walasek, Lukasz | ; 
  Brown, Gordon 
    
 Utilizing a large-scale human mobility dataset, this study explores the influence of income inequality on status-seeking behaviour. Existing research suggests that income disparity, typically measured using the Gini coefficient, leads to increased status enhancement tendencies. Our study advocates the use of alternative multi-parameter metrics that capture inequality concentrated within specific income distribution segments. The findings of this analysis, based on foot traffic information from approximately 24,000 clothing stores, suggest that income inequality at both the lower and top ends of the income distribution promotes people's status-seeking behaviour, with lower-concentrated inequality exhibiting a larger effect. Furthermore, our data reveal a negative correlation between visits to ‚Äúhigh-status‚Äù brands and an important element of social capital ‚Äì civic engagement, indicating community participation could potentially counterbalance the need for status enhancement through consumption. Thus, this research provides a nuanced lens on the complex dynamics between income inequality, status-seeking behaviour, and social capital.  

 The time boundary of sensorimotor integration between graspable object nouns and adjectives: behavioural evidence.   
   
 Garofalo, Gioacchino | ; 
  Riggio, Lucia | ; 
  Bianchini, Francesco | ; 
  Gherri, Elena 
    
 The study investigated the temporal dynamics of the sensorimotor integration between the noun and the adjective. Forty-two participants categorized an object noun as natural or artifact performing a precision or a power reach-to-grasp response. Responses were compatible or incompatible with the grip typically used to manipulate the object denoted by the noun presented on the screen for 250ms. After three different SOAs (0ms, 200ms, or 500ms) an adjective replaced the noun (250ms). The adjective could indicate a positive (e.g., round) or a negative (e.g., sharp) object property. Reaction times revealed that the SOAs modulated the grasp-compatibility effect (incompatible‚Äìcompatible conditions). At 0ms of SOA, a standard compatibility effect emerged with positive adjectives, while negative adjectives reversed the effect. No modulatory effects were detected at 200 and 500ms. The present results provide first evidence about the temporal dynamics of sensorimotor integration process between these two classes of words.  

 Numbers in context: Cardinals, ordinals, and nominals   
   
 Woodin, Greg | ; 
  Winter, Bodo 
    
 Numbers are not only used for quantification (cardinals), but also for sequencing (ordinals), and identifying entities (nominals). For example, the sentence ‚ÄúPlayer number 23 took 2nd place by scoring 3 goals‚Äù features nominal, ordinal, and cardinal uses of numbers, in that order. Claims about the relative prevalence of these uses (Wiese, 2004, Niederer 2005) have never been tested. We present the first large-scale analysis of 3,600 numbers in context, showing that cardinal uses are dominant (83.4%), followed by ordinals (11.8%), and then nominals (4.8%). Round numbers, which are associated with approximation, dominate for cardinals (76.4%) but not ordinals (31.1%) or nominals (23.3%). The prevalence of round numbers increases with magnitude only for the cardinals. We discuss implications for the logarithmic scaling of the mental number line (Dehaene & Mehler, 1992), the approximate number system (e.g., Rinaldi & Marelli, 2020), and children's acquisition of number concepts (e.g., Colomé & Noël, 2012).  

 Deep learning and the rules and statistics debate in cognitive science, applied to a simple case   
   
 Valle-Lisboa, Juan C 
    
 Artificial Neural Networks can be used to build a general theory of intelligent systems, connecting the computational, algorithmic and implementational levels. I analyze the generalization of learning in simple but challenging problems as a way to build the theory. I report simulations of learning and generalizing sameness, using Simple Recurrent Networks (SRN), Long-Short Term Memories (LSTM) and Transformers. We show that even when minimal requirements to implement sameness in SRNs are met, and a SRN network that can compute sameness theoretically exists, we failed to obtain it by training with backpropagation using all the possible input pairs. LSTMs come close to learn sameness, but the best networks require an inordinate amount of examples and the enrichment of the sample with positive examples. The same happens with Transformers. A similar task applied to ChatGPT revealed related problems. We discuss what this implies for Cognitive and Neural Sciences.  

 Inner reading voice styles and eye movements during audio-assisted reading   
   
 Liang, Yefei | ; 
  Arima, Takumi | ; 
  Morita, Aiko 
    
 Studies have shown that readers who do not always experience an inner reading voice (less-IRV readers) move their eyes more freely and do more efficient silent reading than those who always experience IRV (full-IRV readers). This conclusion suggests that less-IRV readers may not be suited for studying with vocalization. In this study, forty students were assigned to full- and less-IRV reading groups. The main task in the experiment was to read short stories and answer comprehension tests. The reading materials comprised 12 stories, the same as those used by Morita and Takahashi (2019). Participants read them with audio assistance and answered three comprehension tests after reading each story. While reading the stories, the readers' eye movements were recorded. The results of the eye-movement index showed no difference in eye movement patterns (fixation, fixation time, saccade size, regression) and comprehension between the two kinds of readers. We found no relationship between inner reading voice styles and eye movements in audio-assisted reading.  

 How to measure observational implicit learning of complex sequences: a novel paradigm involving rapid visual presentation and serial reaction time task   
   
 D'Angiò, Monia | ; 
  Chiarella, Salvatore Gaetano | ; 
  Simione, Luca | ; 
  Saracini, Chiara | ; 
  Raffone, Antonino | ; 
  Di Pace, Enrico 
    
 Observational learning has been studied using the serial reaction time task (SRTT) reporting inconsistent findings on its nature. When present, observational learning appears to be due to explicit learning, even for complex second-order sequences (SOC). In contrast, statistical learning has been studied using the rapid serial visual presentation (RSVP) reporting implicit observational learning of simple sequences. We combined elements of the SRTT and RSVP to investigate whether observational learning of SOC can occur. Two groups were exposed to either a repeated or a random sequence in RSVP. A completion and a recognition tasks were performed as a measure of explicit learning, and an SRTT as a measure of implicit learning. Although results showed no difference between groups in the SRTT, the early learning index predicted the recovery from interference exclusively in the experimental group, which also showed a greater awareness of the repetitiveness of the sequence.  

 Modelling History-Dependent Evidence Accumulation across Species   
   
 Urai, Anne | ; 
  Gunes, Zeynep Gunes | ; 
  Fernandez, Kianté | ; 
  Fengler, Alexander 
    
 Mice are increasingly used to study the neural circuitlevel basis of behavior, often with the ultimate goal to extrapolate these insights to humans. To generalize insights about neural functioning between species, it is crucial to first ensure correspondence in behavioral and cognitive strategy. Here, we analyzed decision-making behavior in both humans and mice, and identified the same cognitive strategy of history-dependent evidence accumulation. Specifically, individual differences in choice repetition were explained by a history dependent bias in the rate of evidence accumulation ‚Äì rather than its starting point. Evidence integration over multiple temporal scales thus reflects a fundamental aspect of decision-making, conserved across mammalian species. These findings set the stage for linking the computations of decision-making to neural dynamics at the single-cell and population levels.  

 Process Modelling for Digit Span Tasks: Attention, Working Memory, and Executive Functioning in Cancer Survivors   
   
 Potthoff, Ruben | ; 
  Schagen, Sanne | ; 
  Agelink van Rentergem, Joost 
    
 A considerable number of non-central nervous system (non-CNS) cancer survivors face long-term cognitive impairments after successful treatment, which affects various domains of cognition. Two tests used to measure working memory and attention are the digit span forward and digit span backwards, which were computerized to assess cognitive deficits in cancer survivors. We aim to investigate which cognitive processes are impaired in cancer survivors, by separating the various processes measured in the digit span tests. To this end, we formulate a hierarchical Bayesian cognitive process model which uses raw input data from the digit span and identifies metrics of working memory capacity, attentional control, and executive control. We compare these outcomes between non-CNS cancer survivors and healthy controls, to better localize which processes are affected by cancer and its treatment. Formal modeling allows for the extraction of more precise information in describing the cognitive deficits faced by patients.  

 Decoding Sequential Information: the Language of Thought for Human Cognitive Processing of Temporal Structure   
   
 Tabbane, Elyes 
    
 Sequential information is encoded through various systems, among which, chunking, rule recognition and nested tree structures. However, the computational and neural mechanisms connecting these systems remain largely unknown. Dehaene et al. (2022) propose that humans possess internal languages governed by symbolic rules, coined Language of Thought (LoT). Based on this assumption we developed the Language of Thought (LoT) algorithm, which processes sequences and produces descriptions as minimal programs. In an online experiment, participants reproduced spatial sequences. Structured sequences, defined by temporal regularities, were notably better reproduced than controls for temporal structure. Participants demonstrated the ability to compress structured sequences in working memory. Response times and performance suggested chunking around a repetition rule. Further analysis, suggested hierarchical organization of those chunks, following a syntactic rule - recursive repetition. LoT-complexity, equal to minimal description length (MDL) of the sequence in our LoT, outperformed other information theory models, aligning best with the data.  

 Characterizing Age-Related Change in Learning the Value of Cognitive Effort   
   
 Phaneuf, Camille V | ; 
  Jacques, Isabelle M | ; 
  Insel, Catherine | ; 
  Insel, Catherine | ; 
  Otto, A. Ross | ; 
  Somerville, Leah | ; 
  Somerville, Leah 
    
 To behave efficiently, individuals must decide when to exert cognitive effort by weighing its benefits and costs. While adults often make such economical choices, less is known about how these decisions develop. Here, we tested whether children and adolescents (N=150, 10-20 years) also learn about the value of cognitive effort during a task-switching experiment manipulating the reward benefits (higher vs. lower incentives) and difficulty costs (easy vs. hard conditions) of engaging cognitive effort. Mixed-effects modeling analyses examining the influences of age, learning over time, and the reward and difficulty manipulations on task-switching performance revealed that accuracy improved significantly more rapidly for higher than lower incentives with increasing age, especially during the beginning and middle of learning. Meanwhile, accuracy improved marginally more rapidly for the easy than hard condition with increasing age. Together, these results suggest that reward and difficulty information distinctly guide cognitive effort across time and age.  

 Representation in Large Language Models   
   
 Yetman, Cameron C 
    
 Cognitive scientists attribute representations to complex systems in order to explain their behavior. The shocking facility with which Large Language Models (LLMs) perform difficult linguistic and non-linguistic tasks has generated an increasing amount of speculation concerning what sorts of internal representations might underlie this behavior (whether personal, sub-personal, and of which kinds) and what properties such representations might have (for instance, whether they are grounded). This paper aims to elaborate and defend a conservative explanatory methodology, based on analyses of particular LLM behaviors, according to which attribution of sub-personal representations is key to explaining model performance which is robust, systematic, and flexible, especially in zero-shot settings, and that behavioral benchmarking alone is insufficient to resolve questions about representation due to the mutual underdetermination of performance and competence. The resulting view should help frame future explanations of LLM behavior, and provide an empirically grounded alternative to mere a priori speculation.  

 Capturing Asymmetric Bias in Probability Judgements   
   
 Tee, Aidan | ; 
  Sundh, Joakim | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam | ; 
  Chater, Nick 
    
 Individuals make biased and variable probability judgements. Recent models such as the Bayesian Sampler (Zhu, et al., 2020), Probability Theory Plus Noise (Costello & Watts, 2014), and the Quantum Sequential Sampler (Huang et al., 2023) capture a wide range of effects by assuming people are biased towards indifference (i.e., 0.5). However, in some experiments participants instead showed asymmetric bias, defined as a pull toward non-0.5 values. We investigated asymmetric bias in 5 experiments, where participants judged the probabilities of dice rolls. While participants' judgements were independent of whether they were in a high or low probability environment or the number of alternative options displayed, participants showed a bias toward low (<0.5) estimates. Furthermore, participants showed the highest variability for judgements below 0.5. This latter effect can be captured by an asymmetric prior in the Bayesian Sampler, but not by the biasing mechanisms in the other models.  

 Recovering individual mental representations of facial affect using Variational Auto-Encoder Guided Markov Chain Monte Carlo with People   
   
 Yan, Haijiang | ; 
  Chater, Nick | ; 
  Tsvetkov, Christian | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 People's mental representations of complex stimuli, such as images of facial affect, are difficult to elicit. To address this challenge, methods such as Markov Chain Monte Carlo with People (MCMCP), integrate human agents into computer-based sampling algorithms. However, such methods suffer from slow convergence, making them impractical for recovering the representations of individuals. Here, we extended MCMCP by introducing an adapted Variational Auto-Encoder (VAE) with domain knowledge as an auxiliary agent, guiding the sampling process away from less useful experimental trials. To test this approach, we ran a new experiment comparing such a VAE-guided MCMCP against baseline MCMCP in terms of convergence speed and quality of recovering human representations of facial affect. Preliminary results demonstrated that most guided chains converged on an individual's facial affect representation within a single experimental session, faster than the baseline methods, and results showed the extent of individual differences in facial affect representations. Thus, VAE-guided MCMCP provides a promising framework for interfacing machine intelligence with psychological experiments to enhance our understanding of human cognition.  

 Tuning the speed-accuracy trade-off in optimal decision policies during development   
   
 Majidifard, Zeinab | ; 
  Amani Rad, Jamal 
    
 As children age, the ability to make decisions about perceptual information improves in terms of both speed and accuracy. However, understanding the delicate changes within both the decision-making process and the ability to optimize the trade-off between speed and accuracy with age remains a challenge. This study employed the diffusion decision model to investigate age-related developments in perceptual decision-making. Additionally, the impact of practice and end-of-block feedback on achieving optimal decision-making was investigated. We gathered behavioral data from 299 children aged 6 to 12 and 50 adults while they performed a motion discrimination task. Adults and older children had narrower decision criteria, higher drift rates, and shorter non-decision times compared to younger children. Furthermore, individuals tended to approach the optimal policy as they aged, and for both children and adults, practicing and receiving detailed feedback could speed up the attainment of the optimal policy.  

 Characteristic of persistently active neurons in the human Medial Temporal Lobe during Working Memory maintenance   
   
 Castro, Ruben Alexandre 
    
 Working memory (WM) is an essential component of cognition, believed to be involved in several cognitive processes. Persistent neural activity (PNA) during WM maintenance has been widely reported. In this study we tested whether stimulus-selectivity constited a predictor of increased PNA during WM maintenance. We performed single-cell recordings on medial temporal lobe (MTL) neurons and measured PNA during encoding and maintenance. We identified image-selective neurons, based on the observed firing rate (FR) elicited by exposure to different images. We compared the FR of such neurons during encoding and maintenance when the maintaining the prefered image in WM with the FR for maintenance of a non-preferred image. We observed PNA for both conditions, and measured a higher FR during maintenance of the preferred image. In alignment with the existing literature, the results of our analysis suggest that stimulus-selectivity is a potential predictor of PNA during WM maintenance.  

 Is magnetoreception experience-dependent in humans?   
   
 Kƒ±sa, Yaƒümur Deniz | ; 
  Stengelin, Roman | ; 
  Maurits, Luke | ; 
  Haun, Daniel Benjamin Moritz 
    
 Some humans, like other animals, may sense magnetic fields: Gurindji people from Australia can locate a hidden magnet solely based on magnetoreception, but an American control group cannot (Meakins, 2022). Why can only some humans use magnetoreception? One possibility is that human magnetoreception is experience-dependent: the fundamental capability may be universal, but the Gurindji learn to use it reliably because, unlike Americans, their language and culture promotes paying constant attention to cardinal directions and thinking about space using a geocentric cognitive map, which sensing the Earth's magnetic field would help with. If so, we might expect other cultures using geocentric thinking, such as the Hai//om people from Namibia, to have also learned to use magnetoreception. We tested this and found that, unlike Gurindji, Hai//om people could not locate a hidden magnet at above chance levels, suggesting that learning to think geocentrically may not be sufficient to acquire magnetoreception.  

 Who, Where, and When: A Cross-Cultural Analysis of Situational Changes in Comics   
   
 Klomberg, Bien | ; 
  Hacƒ±musaoƒülu, Irmak | ; 
  Cohn, Neil 
    
 Understanding visual narratives requires readers to track dimensions of time, spatial location, and characters across a sequence. Previous work found cross-cultural differences for situational changes across adjacent panels, but few works have examined situational dimensions across extended sequences. We therefore investigated situational ‚Äúruns‚Äù ‚Äì uninterrupted sequences of the situational dimensions (time, space, characters) ‚Äì in a corpus of 300+ annotated comics from the United States, Europe, and Asia. We compared runs' proportion and average lengths and found that across books, semantic information changed frequently and run length correlated with proportion. Yet, cross-cultural patterns arose, with American and European comics using more continuous runs than Asian comics. American and European comics used more and longer temporal and character continuity, while Asian comics used more spatial continuity. These findings raise questions about comprehenders' processing strategies for visual narratives across cultures and how general frameworks of visual narrative comprehension account for variations in situational (dis)continuity.  

 Investigating social grounding of abstract words   
   
 Goriachun, Daria | ; 
  Strijkers, Kristof | ; 
  Gala, Nuria | ; 
  Ziegler, Johannes C. 
    
 The semantic representation of abstract words is a topic of discussion within the embodied cognition framework. Existing theories propose the involvement of emotional, linguistic, and social experiences in abstract word representation. Focusing on ‚Äòsocialness' ‚Äî a variable with limited empirical evidence ‚Äî our study explores whether abstract words are associated with richer social experiences. Two semantic categorization tasks (explicit and implicit) with socialness priming and a lexical decision task with socialness priming were conducted to examine the effect of socialness on abstract words recognition. Additionally, we run similar experiments with affective priming to examine the effect of valence on abstract words recognition. Our results indicate that only valence facilitates the recognition of abstract words and only in the explicit task. Conclusively, we find no evidence supporting a non-strategic effect of socialness and valence on abstract words recognition, thus challenging existing theories on the grounding of abstract words in social information and emotion.  

 The Wason selection task in the long-run: Evaluating the truthfulness of universal and probabilistic statements through evidence search   
   
 Armaos, Konstantinos | ; 
  Hoffrage, Ulrich 
    
 To investigate, in an ecological way, how people evaluate the truthfulness of universal and probabilistic statements we introduce a modified version of the Wason Selection Task. Participants see four decks of cards (instead of four cards), and are asked to turn as many cards as they deem necessary to judge if a given statement is true or false, both for the observed sample (deductive task) and for an imaginary reference population (inductive task). Participants encounter universal (‚ÄúAll P are Q‚Äù) or probabilistic statements (‚Äúmore/less than x% of P are Q‚Äù; between-subjects) with abstract, realistic neutral, and realistic polarizing statements (within-subjects). Half of the participants receive an endowment for each turn, correct (incorrect) deductive judgments are rewarded (penalized), and turning a card incurs a cost (other half: fixed participation fee). We report results from two online experiments, thereby also contrasting prescriptive models of evidence search with actual behaviors.  

 Large Language Models and Human Discourse Processing   
   
 Sagi, Eyal 
    
 Recent advances in generative language models, such as ChatGPT, have demonstrated an uncanny ability to produce texts that appear to be comparable to those produced by humans. Several key empirical results related to human processing of language, such as analogical reasoning, have been replicated using these models. Nevertheless, there are some important differences between the language generated by these models and language produced by humans. In this paper, I examine how LLMs performs on two pronoun disambiguation tasks reported on by Rhode, Levy, and Kehler (2011) and Sagi and Rips (2014). While LLMs performed reasonably in these tasks, their responses demonstrate stronger language-based biases while the influence of world knowledge, such as causal relationships, was lessened. Because LLMs replicate language produced by humans, these results can help shed light on which aspects of language use are directly encoded in language and which require additional reasoning faculties beyond language processing.  

 Best brain conditions for winning an esports competition: Electroencephalography amplitude in the frontal and parietal cortices associated with esports competition results   
   
 Minami, Sorato | ; 
  Watanabe, Ken | ; 
  Saijo, Naoki | ; 
  Kashino, Makio 
    
 Success in competitive matches hinges on psychological and mental preparations, such as strategic decision and emotional control. Although relevant cognitive functions and corresponding neural activity have been reported in a simple short-term laboratory task, the contribution of neural activity to the outcome of a more complex and prolonged match-format task has not been examined. Therefore, we focused on esports players engaged in a fighting video game (FVG). We examined the association between electroencephalography results in the pre-round of FVGs and consequences of the rounds. The results showed that parietal beta and frontal alpha/gamma activities are associated with winning and losing, respectively, depending on the match's situation. Furthermore, parietal beta activity exhibited approximately 80% accuracy in win-loss predictions using machine learning. Our findings suggest that the performance of skilled video game players is influenced by psychological and mental preparations with fluctuations in neural oscillations.  

 Associative learning explains human sensitivity to statistical and network structures in auditory sequences   
   
 Benjamin, Lucas | ; 
  Sablé-Meyer, Mathias | ; 
  Fló, Ana | ; 
  Al Roumi, Fosca | ; 
  Dehaene-Lambertz, Ghislaine 
    
 Networks are a useful mathematical tool for capturing the complexity of the world. Using behavioral measures, we showed that human adults were sensitive to the high-level network structure underlying auditory sequences (such as communities) even when presented with incomplete information. Their performance was best explained by a mathematical model following associative learning principles and based on the integration of the transition probabilities between adjacent and non-adjacent elements with memory decay. In a follow up MEG study, we explored the neural correlates of this hypothesis. First, the comparison of the brain responses to tone transitions adhering or not to the community structure revealed an early difference, suggesting an automatic encoding of sequence structure. Second, time-resolved decoding allowed determining the duration and overlap of the representation of each tone. The decoding performance exhibited exponential decay, resulting in a significant overlap between the representations of successive tones, enabling associative learning through Hebbian rule.  

 The Dynamics of Creative Thinking: Teacher Behavior and Student Novelty in Science Education   
   
 van Dijk, Marijn 
    
 Engaging in science lessons requires creative thinking skills. These skills are expressed in the verbalized ideas of students during these activities. The objective of this study was to analyze how momentary teacher behavior is associated with the level of novelty of scientific reasoning in teacher-student interactions. Participants were 14 teachers together with a small teaching group of 4-7 year old students (around 64 students in total). One lesson per teacher was recorded prior to a professional intervention. We categorized the verbalizations of both teachers and students in real-time, assessing level of novelty for all student statements and categorizing teacher utterances as divergent, convergent, or neutral. Preliminary analyses showed that interaction patterns are specific for each teacher and class. Generally, students tended to express lower levels of novelty following teachers' convergent statements. However, teachers' divergent statements did not lead to higher levels of student novelty.  

 The Power of Linguistic Similarity for Unlocking Cooperation - Evidence from Syntax and Pitch Experiments   
   
 Matzinger, Theresa | ; 
  Böhm, Irene 
    
 How can we judge if conversation partners will be good cooperation partners in other tasks? A recent proposal is that low-level linguistic similarity such as subconsciously matching others' language use may be a signal of cooperativeness. To elucidate the mechanisms behind this relationship, we conducted two experiments, in which we found that conversation partners that matched the participants' syntax and pitch were perceived as more cooperative and were chosen more often as cooperation partners. Our findings further suggest that the sheer act of adapting to someone's linguistic production was not as crucial for choosing cooperation partners, even if it involved an initial cognitive investment. Rather, the decisive factor was sharing someone's linguistic preferences and thereby indicating group membership. This may have important implications for understanding cooperation partner choice and for understanding the (co-)evolution of language and cooperation, which both are traits that are particularly prominent in humans.  

 Mapping Mental Representations With Free Associations and the associatoR R Package   
   
 Aeschbach, Samuel | ; 
  Mata, Rui | ; 
  Wulff, Dirk U 
    
 What do people think about climate change or artificial intelligence? How do people understand communication on risk and uncertainty? Answers to such questions are important for psychological research and policymakers. One powerful but under-explored way to answer such questions exists in using free associations. We present a guide on collecting, processing, mapping, and comparing people's free association responses using the 'associatoR' R package. We showcase this approach using a free association data set generated by GPT-4-Turbo that reveals its understanding of the concept of 'intelligence'. We discuss design choices and concrete analysis decisions, including steps to uncover the structure and topics of mental representations using different natural language processing approaches, such as the network analysis of the co-occurrences of responses or text embeddings from large language models. We believe that free associations present a powerful approach to revealing how people and artificial intelligence represent key social and technological issues.  

 The effects of mindfulness meditation on peripersonal space   
   
 De Pastina, Riccardo | ; 
  Chiarella, Salvatore Gaetano | ; 
  Raffone, Antonino | ; 
  Simione, Luca 
    
 Peripersonal space (PPS) is the multisensory representation of the near-body space. Several factors modulate PPS size and the sharpness of the boundary separating PPS and the far extrapersonal space, suggesting that PPS may be involved in the subjective experience and in the self-other representation. Such representations seem to be shaped by mindfulness meditation (MM); however, evidence on the effects of MM on PPS is limited. To test the hypothesis that MM modulates both PPS size and the sharpness of PPS boundary, we enrolled 26 non-meditators, who performed an audio-tactile task before and after a 15-minute guided focused attention meditation (FAM). Despite no changes of PPS size, after FAM we found a significantly reduced sharpness of PPS boundary, as if it dissolved. We suggest that the reduced separation between the self and the environment, reported by meditators in some phenomenological studies, may relate to the altered PPS sharpness.  

 The Role of Hand Gestures on Emotional Intensity and Phenomenological Ratings of Autobiographical Narratives   
   
 akkan, ibrahim | ; 
  Aydin, Cagla | ; 
  Gulgoz, Sami | ; 
  Göksun, Tilbe 
    
 Gesturing helps cognitive load (Kita et al., 2017) and access to details in autobiographical memories (Aydin et al., 2023). We examined gestures' roles in narrating emotional autobiographical events in first (L1) and second language (L2), expecting (1) gesture use to increase phenomenological ratings (reliving, visual imagery, auditory imagery, and importance) of the events and emotional intensity in both languages and (2) the effect to be more prominent in L2 than L1, where cognitive load increases. Twenty-nine participants (Mage=21.24) narrated positive and negative events in L1-Turkish and L2-English. No difference between L1 and L2 was found in phenomenological and emotional intensity ratings controlling for English proficiency and current mood. Representational gestures predicted imagery for negative events in L1, and non-representational gestures predicted emotional intensity and reliving for negative events in L2. Representational gestures' recollecting and non-representational gestures' fluency-resolving functions might have increased phenomenological ratings, particularly for negative events.  

 Individually-optimal causal structure judgments in a descriptive Bayesian model   
   
 Powell, Derek 
    
 Causal inference plays a crucial role in humans' success in navigating the world. Fortunately then, numerous studies suggest that people are highly adept at making these inferences. Examining judgments of causal structure across numerous studies, Griffiths and Tenenbaum (2005) found that people's average judgments tracked the predictions of an optimal Bayesian model of the task. However, Tauber et al. (2017) show that aggregate behavior may appear optimal even when few individuals exhibit optimal patterns of responses. Here, I applied hierarchical Bayesian cognitive modeling approaches to a new study of causal structure judgments (N = 80) to examine the optimality of causal structure judgments at the individual level. Expanding the findings of Griffiths and Tenenbaum (2005), I found that the majority of participants' causal structure judgments were well-explained by an optimal Bayesian model (avg. r = .86). These findings suggest that human cognitive capacities are truly well-attuned to the causal inference task.  

 The development of mental simulation as a strategy for solving problems with multiple alternatives   
   
 Tecwyn, Emma C | ; 
  Nyhout, Angela 
    
 As adults, we readily work through alternative possibilities and their potential consequences in our minds before acting. This capacity for mental simulation enables us to internally explore alternatives without incurring costs of acting in reality. Young children are highly exploratory in the real world, but little is known about their ability to engage in internal exploration via mental simulation. This preregistered study (1) examines developmental changes in the use of mental simulation when solving problems with multiple options, and (2) investigates the influence of resource availability on the tendency to simulate. Adults (N=30) and 4-to 7-year-olds (target N=120; data collection ongoing) completed computer-based puzzles where they chose where to drop balls into a vertical maze to hit a goal. Accuracy and latency to act were measured as indices of mental simulation. Our findings will contribute to understanding children's problem-solving, and could lead to a new conceptualization of their exploratory behaviour.  

 Generic Language as a Vehicle for Socially-Contingent Generalizations   
   
 Curiel, Alejandro | ; 
  Watson, Danisha | ; 
  Valerio-Lambert, Virginia | ; 
  Miranda, Justin | ; 
  Celaya, Jocelyn | ; 
  Hinton, Sabria | ; 
  Ritchie, Katherine | ; 
  Vasil, Ny 
    
 Generalizations in thought and language are powerful tools to share information agents need to predict and control their environments. However, some generalizations are restricted to ‚Äúsociocultural bubbles‚Äù (e.g. ‚Äúwomen have trouble getting tenure in math‚Äù). How do we communicate such patterns? We examined how 4-7-year-olds (N=110) and adults (N=159) respond to context cues signaling that the speaker uses a generic generalization to convey a broad vs. contextually-restricted regularity. Adults endorsed generics flexibly, tracking context cues (p<.001), but younger children struggled, over-attributing socially contingent properties to the group beyond the ‚Äúbubble‚Äù, on par with context-general regularities. This reveals a troubling discrepancy between children and adults' interpretations of generics, opening doors for miscommunication. When adults highlight problematic patterns with the hope of promoting social change, children may perceive their assertions as claims about group's broad, unalterable attributes. We discuss strategies to mitigate this in educational and family communication settings.  

 Impact of nameability, presentation configuration, and placement structure on object location memory   
   
 Brodwolf, Flurina L. | ; 
  Meier, Beat 
    
 We investigated the impact of nameability, presentation configuration, and placement structure on object location memory. In Experiment 1, participants memorized photos of nameable and unnameable objects presented at one of four screen locations, either one or four objects at a time. After a filled retention interval, they were presented again centrally, and participants indicated the position where they were previously located. Results revealed a substantial memory advantage for nameable objects. Presentation configuration had no effect. In Experiment 2, we replicated these findings and additionally investigated the role of placement structure by presenting objects either in the corners or on the left/right/top/bottom position of the screen. Memory was better for horizontal/vertical placement, but only for nameable objects. Thus, nameable objects profit from semantic encoding, which can be further improved by simple orientation cues. Notably, with an average accuracy of 50%, location memory was not as "massive" as suggested in previous studies.  

 Curiosity act as a rational learning opportunity signal: information source credibility predicts curiosity and trivia fact learning   
   
 Holm, Linus | ; 
  Schrater, Paul | ; 
  Thiel, Felix 
    
 Curiosity has been suggested to reflect a drive for learning and to constitute a learning opportunity signal. If rational, curiosity should incorporate the reliability of the information source: more credible sources should instill more curiosity and learning. We tested these hypotheses in a lab experiment (n = 23) and online replication (n = 64), where we randomly assigned 100 zoology trivia questions and answers to one of three different sources claimed to be .99, .90 and .75 valid, respectively. Participants rated their curiosity for each source-indicated answer, read the answers, rated their credibility, and then took a retest on the questions. We found that indicated source credibility significantly affected curiosity ratings yielding an average of .56z,.22z and -.78z, respectively. Similarly, response update (learning) increased with 87% (exp 1) and 67% (exp 2) per z-score rated credibility (both p < 10^-18). Manipulated source credibility thus influenced both curiosity and learning.  

 Multimodality on screen: Multimodal spatial directions enhance children's spatial performance on virtual visual-spatial maps   
   
 Orakçƒ±, Elif | ; 
  Karadoller, Dilay Z. 
    
 In the context of online education, the impact of a speaker's gestures on children's spatial performance during learning still needs more exploration. Previous work found that spatial directions presented with gestures enhance children's performance on physical visuospatial arrays (Austin & Sweller, 2014). Here, we investigate whether spatial directions with or without gestures relate differently to 5-year-old monolingual Turkish children's spatial performance on a computerized map task. Children engaged in a task on a tablet that required them to recall the route directions presented in the videos either multimodally (speech-gestures combined) or in speech alone. Responses were coded for the target information in the route descriptions for actions (running), locations (school), and spatial directions (behind). Results only revealed better performance for encoding spatial directions presented multimodally (p=.013). Summarizing, the results emphasize the importance of multimodal input in enhancing children's spatial performance and highlight gestures' role in virtual visual-spatial learning environments.  

 The role of friendship in dynamic group coordination   
   
 Li, Qianliang | ; 
  Kompatsiari, Kyveli | ; 
  Dabranau, Aliaksandr | ; 
  Konvalinka, Ivana 
    
 To fully grasp the underlying behavioral and neural processes of social cognition, it has been argued that interactive experimental paradigms and multi-person neuroimaging are needed. However, few studies have examined group interactions, beyond the dyad, as well as how higher-level social properties map onto coordination dynamics. Here, we investigated the role of friendship in group social coordination, by mapping student social networks, and recruiting groups of participants by manipulating their friendship strength. Participants were tasked with pressing their own individual pressure measuring (force) device to reach a designated target force together in groups of three (two friends, one non-friend), with or without live visual feedback, whilst three-person EEG hyperscanning was employed. Preliminary behavioral results indicate that lack of friendship with the other two participants results in greater force production relative to the other participants. We plan to explore the relationship between the social, behavioral, and neural dynamics.  

 Item-level Difficulty Predictors in the Acquisition of Past Tense in Dutch   
   
 Zimianiti, Eleni | ; 
  Ye, Lilian | ; 
  Hofman, Abe | ; 
  Kievit, Rogier A | ; 
  Rowland, Caroline F | ; 
  Donnelly, Seamus 
    
 How children acquire the rules governing past tense production has been for many years a test bed case for nativist-constructivist debates about the nature of innate knowledge and its role in language acquisition. However, previous studies have tested the acquisition of past tense via corpus analysis, in which errors are rare, or elicitation tasks, in which tested items are few, resulting in limited between-item variability. To address these weaknesses, we analysed data from a uniquely large and longitudinal dataset containing 694 verbs, collected via an educational online platform. We examined whether form-frequency, phonological neighbourhood density (PND), and telicity predict the verb-level difficulty of past tense forms in Dutch. Our sample consists of Dutch-speaking children aged 8-12 years old, the age at which children are still making past tense over-regularisation errors. Analyses are ongoing but preliminary results suggest a role for all three factors and an interaction between frequency and PND.  

 Virtually anything can happen: investigating short-term memory in capuchin monkeys using virtual environments   
   
 Miscov, Andreea Miruna | ; 
  McEwen, Emma | ; 
  Seed, Amanda 
    
 Computerised technology is an increasingly popular tool for cognitive testing with non-human animals and has numerous benefits, such as tighter control over stimuli presentation and recording responses. Recently, virtual environment (VE) software has been successfully implemented in cognitive research with non-human primates. In VEs, novel stimuli can be presented in innovative ways allowing us to study phenomena in novel ways unrestricted by real-world space. We present evidence from capuchin monkeys (Sapajus apella) in a delayed-response task within a VE presented on a touchscreen. We compared capuchins' short-term memory performance between a VE task and an equivalent physical task. Preliminary data shows an effect of delay on accuracy in the VE, as in the physical task. We show that VE are a feasible method for studying cognition with capuchin monkeys, offering an engaging way to study primate cognition in without the physical constraints that are often present when designing apparatuses.  

 Visual alignment promotes rapid learning of functional relations   
   
 Zhang, Yujia | ; 
  Opfer, John 
    
 Learning a function from input-output pairs often follows exemplar or rule learning. Speed of exemplar learning and generality of rule learning were suggested to be promoted by visually aligning familiar and unfamiliar input-output exemplars. To test this, undergraduates (n=47) were randomly assigned to Full-, Partial- and No-Alignment groups. On each trial, students estimated fractions on number lines, and functions used to generate estimates were examined on 9 trial blocks. On pretest, estimates were (incorrectly) a linear function of denominators alone (Full 50%; Partial 50%; No 40%); on post-test, estimates were (correctly) a linear function of the whole fraction (88%; 44%; 47%). Virtually all change in the Full group occurred after training just two exemplars (75%). Also, regression to the denominator-only function differed across groups (0%; 38%; 33%). Finally, Full-Alignment group generalized to untrained problems more broadly than other groups. Findings demonstrated efficiency of visual alignment in function learning.  

 Future Self-Identification is Influenced by the Vividness, Similarity, and Positivity of a Future Self Construct   
   
 Feldborg, Michella | ; 
  Sui, Jie 
    
 Identifying strongly with a salient future self increases future-oriented behaviour. Self-report measures can detect variations in future self-identification within and between individuals on the dimensions of vividness, similarity, and positivity. We adapted the Self Association Task (SAT) to detect preconscious perceptual processing biases towards future self-related information. Participants were instructed to imagine different versions of their future selves, constructed using one of the three dimensions mentioned above. These imaginations were followed by the implicit SAT and explicit self-report measures of future self-identification. The similar and positive future self-imaginations led to increased subjective future self-identification. While a classic self-prioritisation effect was prominent throughout, similarity constructs of the future self also elicited processing biases on accuracy but not response time. As suggested by philosophical theories on self-continuity, the construct of a future self can influence future self-identification and direct future-oriented cognitions and behaviours.  

 What makes a novel spatial metaphor of time?   
   
 Akbuga, Emir | ; 
  Göksun, Tilbe 
    
 Metaphor comprehension studies have investigated how we process metaphors by pitting conventional metaphors against novel ones. Although these studies have yielded much data on how we comprehend metaphors, no research has examined how we process novel spatial metaphors of time. We constructed a stimuli pool of 80 spatial metaphors of time, 40 were conventional time metaphors, whereas the other 40 were novel spatial metaphors of time evenly distributed among Moving-Ego or Moving-Time perspectives and Path or Manner metaphorical motion in the main verb. Ratings by 40 participants showed that the novel metaphors had more possible interpretations, were more ambiguous, difficult to interpret, less apt, and less conventional. A pilot study with 10 participants showed that these properties of metaphors were linked to metaphor interpretation and temporal gesture production in various ways. This study will continue to investigate how we process and represent novel spatial metaphors of time with more participants.  

 Iconic Gestures – a Double-Edged Sword for Creative Imagery   
   
 Hyusein, Gyulten | ; 
  Gürer, Dila | ; 
  Yalçƒ±n, Melek Ōyküm | ; 
  Göksun, Tilbe 
    
 Hand gestures have been shown to enhance overall verbal divergent and convergent creative thinking, especially for people with high imagery. In the present study, we tested whether gestures can also boost creative imagery, or creative visual imagination, as both creativity and gestures might rely on visuospatial skills. Participants first generated ideas regarding a simple unfinished figure and then completed the figure with their favorite idea. Spontaneous and encouraged gesture frequencies during idea generation and verbal descriptions of the idea before drawing it were calculated. We found that iconic gestures produced when generating ideas could lead to more vivid and original creative imagery. However, gesturing during idea description could result in reduced transformativeness (i.e., reduced modification and flexibility when drawing). These findings suggest that iconic gestures can be beneficial for visual creative imagery when generating ideas. However, once we settle on a particular idea, gesturing about it might hinder creative flexibility.  

 Bias in Belief Updating: Combining the Bayesian Sampler with Heuristics   
   
 Lin, Yitong | ; 
  Zhu, Jian-Qiao | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 People systematically deviate from the rational Bayesian updating of beliefs, as notably evidenced by conservatism and base-rate neglect. The primary cognitive models that explain these biases include simple heuristics (Woike et al., 2023, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cogpsych.2023.101564) and stochastic sampling approximations of the Bayesian solution, like the Bayesian Sampler (Zhu et al., 2020, https://doi.org/10.1037/rev0000190). However, neither type of explanation appears entirely complete, as the data fall between the two; only about half of participants' responses align with heuristics. Could these results be explained by a new class of models that blend heuristics with Bayesian models? We test both simple mixtures of heuristics and the Bayesian Sampler, as well as a hybrid model in which heuristics are used to set a prior that improves estimates based on stochastic samples. Our analysis indicates that neither heuristics nor the Bayesian Sampler alone are sufficient to explain the data.  

 Self-other dynamics in spontaneous interpersonal synchronization.   
   
 Kompatsiari, Kyveli | ; 
  Zimmermann, Marius | ; 
  Dabranau, Aliaksandr | ; 
  Li, Qianliang | ; 
  Konvalinka, Ivana 
    
 Self-other integration plays a vital role in efficient synchronization with other humans. Previous research has shown that in simple rhythmic joint action tasks (e.g., tapping), self-other integration can be described using mathematical models of coupled oscillators, representing within- and between-person action-perception links. The present study focuses on investigating self-other behavioral and inter-brain dynamics (dual-EEG) when synchronization is either the goal of the task itself or rather an emergent phenomenon in complex continuous interactions. More specifically, participants produce improvised movements in a ‚Äòmirror-game' paradigm while being explicitly asked to synchronize with the partner (synchronized condition) or produce independent movements with visual feedback of each other (spontaneous condition). Mathematical models of coupled oscillators will be used to reveal emergent dynamics of self-other integration on behavioral and neural level. Moreover, we hypothesize that stronger interpersonal synchronization in the spontaneous condition will lead to stronger sensorimotor alpha and beta desynchronization and higher inter-brain synchronization.  

 Latent Structure of Intuitive Physics   
   
 Li, Wei | ; 
  Hartshorne, Joshua K 
    
 Humans are born with an intuitive representation of the physics world. How accurate is intuitive physics? Researchers from education focus on the failures, students' errors and misconceptions while cognitive psychologists argue humans anticipate and manipulate physical environments in ways betraying veridical knowledge of classical mechanics. One solution is to hypothesize there are distinct systems of ‚Äúcognitive physics‚Äù with different limitations and deployment in the tasks favored by the two literatures. The goal of current study is to gather evidence from psychometric studies by estimating how many distinct factors explain performance on intuitive physics assessments. We build an augmented concept inventory including several previously-validated concept inventories, around 120 items. The pilot study indicated that participants recruited online from Prolific displayed expected accuracy on the tasks. We are now collecting around 1,000 participants and applying multidimensional item response theory (MIRT) analyzes to identify the latent structure.  

 Interactions between autistic adults offer a new perspective on social gaze   
   
 Spaniol, Malin | ; 
  Wehrle, Simon | ; 
  Vogeley, Kai | ; 
  Grice, Martine 
    
 Face-to-face communication is highly complex, with information being transmitted via multiple channels simultaneously. Social gaze can regulate conversation, express emotions, and signal interest or disinterest, and eye contact, or a lack thereof, is a powerful visual cue that influences the dynamics of communication. While previous research has shed light on gaze in autism in general, there remains a lack of 1) evidence on interactions in dialogue between autistic adults (rather than mixed dialogues) and 2) investigations on the influence of gaze on conversational dynamics and interpersonal rapport. We have developed a novel setup with mobile dual eye-tracking glasses that allows for the automatic detection of mutual eye contact. Our exploratory analyses of conversations in homogeneous autistic dyads provide new insights into autistic gaze dynamics and their interrelation with rapport, ultimately helping to advance the current understanding of cognitive diversity and of the fundamental elements of social interaction.  

 The Pretesting Effect: Exploring the Impact of Feedback and Final Test Timing   
   
 Mera, Yeray | ; 
  Dianova, Nataliya | ; 
  Marin, Eugenia 
    
 The pretesting effect suggests that attempting and failing to guess unknown information can improve memory compared to errorless study. A key question is when it is the best moment to give feedback after testing. In this study, we explored two factors: (1) the timing of feedback after unsuccessful pretest, provided immediately or after 24 (Experiment 1) and 48 hours (Experiment 2); and (2) the timing of the final test after feedback, immediately or after 24 hours (Experiment 1). We assessed their impact on recall accuracy, comparing with an errorless (read-only) learning condition. Results showed superior accuracy for pretesting than read-only condition; for immediate feedback than delayed; and for immediate test than delayed. Furthermore, although smaller, there was still pretesting effect after 24 and 48 hours of feedback delay. This flexibility in timing could be particularly useful in educational settings where logistical constraints may force a delay in feedback or test.  

 Humanizing Language Models: Exploring behavioral and brain data as language model inputs   
   
 Hussain, Zak | ; 
  Mata, Rui | ; 
  Newell, Ben | ; 
  Wulff, Dirk U 
    
 Language models have traditionally been trained on massive digitized text corpora. However, alternative data sources exist that may increase the representational alignment between language models and human knowledge. We contribute to the assessment of the role of data sources on language model representations. Specifically, we present work aimed at understanding differences in the content of language representations ('embeddings') trained from text, behavioral data (e.g., free associations), and brain data (e.g., fMRI). Using a method from neuroscience known as 'representational similarity analysis', we show that embeddings derived from behavioral and brain data encode different information than their text-derived cousins. Furthermore, using an interpretability method that we term, 'representational content analysis,' we find that, in particular, behavioral embeddings better encode dimensions relating to dominance, valence, and arousal, which are likely critical for the representational alignment of language models.  

 Who is you? Delayed processing following (formal) second person pronouns in an emotional narrative   
   
 den Hartog, Maria | ; 
  Schoenmakers, Gert-Jan Thomas | ; 
  Hogeweg, Lotte | ; 
  de Hoop, Helen 
    
 Texts about fictional characters are often written in a third person singular (3SG) perspective. In a self-paced reading study, Child et al. (2018) found that emotional information is processed more easily when the narrative uses second person singular (2SG) rather than 3SG. In the current study, we explore how 2SG and 3SG are processed in Dutch. Because Dutch is a language with a formal-informal distinction in 2SG, we also contrast formal 2SG-V (e.g., u, 'you') to informal 2SG-T (e.g., jij, 'you') forms. We find a main effect of perspective on target processing, with 2SG read faster than 3SG. In contrast, spillover regions (three words following the target) are read slower following 2SG than 3SG, and spillover regions were read slower following 2SG-V than following 2SG-T. This means that processing emotional narratives through a 2SG perspectives induces a processing cost compared to 3SG perspectives, and this increases with formal 2SG.  

 Children's visual attention when planning informative multimodal descriptions of object locations   
   
 Karadoller, Dilay Z. | ; 
  Ozyurek, Asli | ; 
  Ünal, Ercenur 
    
 Children frequently use under-informative expressions (e.g., Side) while describing Left-Right relations between objects but use gestures to disambiguate the relative locations of objects (Karadöller et al., 2022). Here we ask how children collect visual information about the spatial relations they express when planning such descriptions. Twenty Turkish-speaking 8-year-olds saw displays with four pictures of the same two objects in various spatial configurations. Target pictures described to a confederate depicted left-right relations (e.g., lemon left to box). Descriptions were coded whether they were informative in speech, informative with gesture, or under-informative. Children had more target fixations when planning (1) informative than under-informative descriptions (β=0.515, SE=0.131, p<0.001); (2) descriptions that are informative with gesture than informative in speech (β=-0.827, SE=0.171, p<0.001). Results extend previous literature showing that visual attention changes as a function of informativeness and the modality (Ünal et al., 2022) of the description for 8-year-old children.  

 Differences in the gesture kinematics of blind, blindfolded, and sighted speakers   
   
 Mamus, Ezgi | ; 
  Kanakanti, Mounika | ; 
  Ōzyürek, Asli 
    
 The role of gestures in cognition extends beyond communication as people gesture not only when they speak but also think. This also holds for individuals who are blind from birth. However, studies showed that blind speakers produce fewer spontaneous gestures than sighted speakers when describing events. The present study aims to go beyond quantitative measures and gain insight into gesture kinematics. We compared the duration, size, and speed of path gestures (showing the trajectory of a movement) used by 20 blind, 21 blindfolded, and 21 sighted Turkish speakers when describing spatial events. Blind speakers took more time to produce larger gestures than sighted speakers, but the speed of gestures did not differ. The gestures of blindfolded speakers did not differ from those of blind and sighted speakers in any of the measures. These suggest a lifetime of blindness influences the kinematics of gesture production beyond a temporary lack of vision.  

 Exploring the flexibility of perspective reasoning: Evidence from pronoun resolution   
   
 Simovic, Tiana V. | ; 
  Chambers, Craig 
    
 Work in psycholinguistics continues to demonstrate new ways in which perspective-taking guides language processing. E.g., recent work shows that, in sentences like “Sophie [told Amanda that]/[asked Amanda if] she likes learning new languages”, readers use perspective reasoning to judge the ambiguous pronoun as near-categorically referring to the subject antecedent in TELL (because Sophie possesses the relevant knowledge) and the object antecedent in ASK (Amanda’s knowledge). Although these patterns demonstrate a robust perspective effect, could they instead arise from shallow lexical cues provided by TELL/ASK? Experiment 1 rules out lexical-cue explanations by showing that preceding context sentences can compel readers to actually reverse the “default” antecedent judgements otherwise found for TELL/ASK sentences. Experiment 2 further explores the pragmatic basis of perspective-taking in stand-alone sentences by simply varying character properties, e.g., “Max asked his [son/tutor] Gerald if he understood the assignment correctly”, where Gerald’s role shifts who likely holds the relevant knowledge.  

 The rise and fall of social hierarchical systems: a cognitive and information theoretical model   
   
 Dias Martins, Maurício de Jesus | ; 
  Palminteri, Stefano 
    
 This paper explores the cognitive processes underlying how and why trust in informational sources fluctuates. If information from experts and mainstream media is broadly more accurate than peer networks', why do we sometimes lose trust in experts? Counterintuitively, we often prefer information from authoritative sources, even if they become distrusted. We built a computational model of these dynamics. It includes a decision process sensitive to information processing costs and a learning process driven by prediction error minimization. We hypothesized that human information-processing biases could explain why experts are preferred as default sources of information and why their legitimacy is less resilient than peer networks' when both provide inaccurate information. We ran simulations over a wide range of parameters and found that the processing advantages of following experts can be outweighed by overreacting to their mistakes. This effect is higher when the environment is unstable and the epistemic authorities are biased.  

 The influence of agency and affordances on visual anticipation: Insights from the representational momentum paradigm   
   
 Ouattara Oulé, Pierre-Adams | ; 
  Le Besnerais, Alexis | ; 
  Prigent, Elise | ; 
  Grynszpan, Ouriel 
    
 The sense of agency (SoA) refers to the experience of controlling one's actions and their effects, while representational momentum (RM) denotes a bias in the perceived trajectory of a moving object induced by one's anticipation of movement. Research in cognitive science suggests that control over action modulates anticipative mechanisms. In the present study, we question the influence of SoA on RM. Participants viewed two dots, one of which moved horizontally on the screen. Its movement was either triggered by the computer or by participants. In the former case, participants either could freely choose or were commanded on which dot to trigger. Additionally, given the role of affordances in motor control and movement perception, we tested the effect of adding a tunnel through which the dot could pass. The results showed that agency and affordances influenced movement anticipation with no interaction between the two. Freedom of choice yielded no difference.  

 Inferring Musical Structure - A Hybrid Approach Combining Probabilistic Models and Reinforcement Learning   
   
 Finkensiep, Christoph 
    
 How do humans infer the structural interpretations of a piece of music from its basic elements? Since recursive elaboration is an important structural principle in several musical traditions, generative probabilistic models are a useful tool for characterizing musical interpretation as a probabilistic inference problem. However, due to the high degree of ambiguity and combinatorial complexity of even short excerpts of music, exact inference (e.g. finding the "best" structural interpretation of a piece) is usually not feasible. The present work proposes a hybrid approach to this problem. An explicit and interpretable probabilistic top-down model is complemented with a heuristic parser that reverses the generative process in a greedy fashion and adapts to feedback from the top-down model via deep reinforcement learning. The combination of these two models bridges the gap between explicit but slow top-down knowledge and immediate musical intuitions on various levels of musicianship.  

 Optimal mental representation of social networks explains biases in social learning and perception   
   
 Dong, Yulin | ; 
  Wang, Xiyuan | ; 
  Jiang, Yaomin | ; 
  Zhang, Muhan | ; 
  Zhu, Lusha 
    
 Humans are often involved in complex social relationships, where they exhibit biased behavior when they process information from neighbors (e.g., irrational DeGroot learning) and cognitive biases on perceiving social network structures (e.g., egocentric biases, network centrality, etc.). But little is known about the cognitive reason behind. Here we purpose a unified computational framework (reduced representation model, RRM) to deal with the problems, which assumes people represent an optimal reduced network based on the trade-off of utility and cognitive cost for the representation, and make rational inference on it, where DeGroot-like behavior emerges. We did simulations to show RRM can provide an underlying explanation for DeGroot model and human perceptual biases, and tested model predictions in previous dataset (n=209), lab experiment (n=248) and field data. Our work provides an optimal way to depict social network representation when considering human cognitive limitations, and may help understand widespread human biases in social environments.  

 Different Forms of Creativity Are Rooted in Distinctive Evolutionarily-Ancient Foraging Strategies   
   
 Malaie, Soran | ; 
  Spivey, Michael | ; 
  Marghetis, Tyler 
    
 Some have speculated that higher-order cognitive functions repurpose mechanisms that evolved for perception and action. Expanding on these ideas, we explored whether creativity builds on our ability to strategically navigate through space ('Creativity as Strategic Foraging'). We establish a connection between different types of creative thinking—divergent and convergent—and corresponding spatial search strategies. Participants completed tests of both divergent and convergent creativity. Before each creativity trial, they searched a city map for which we manipulated the search pattern: half the participants searched for multiple dispersed locations, the rest converged repeatedly on a single location. Participants who engaged in divergent spatial search exhibited superior divergent thinking but poorer convergent thinking, while the opposite held true for participants who repeatedly converged on a single location. These findings highlight a targeted association between spatial foraging and creativity, contributing to a deeper understanding of the underpinnings and mechanisms of high-level cognitive processes.  

 Differences in Learning Novel and Partially Known Concepts: Exploring Children's Self-Regulated Choices   
   
 Goldstein, Julieta | ; 
  Gattei, Carolina A | ; 
  Calero, Cecilia 
    
 Self-regulated learning may be crucial for goal setting, progress monitoring, and adaptive problem-solving. The ability to find and recognize relevant and reliable information has become increasingly valuable. Therefore, to understand self-regulated learning processes, we interviewed 138 9-11-year-olds to analyze their information-seeking behaviors when learning either novel or partially known concepts by themselves. Children's responses were categorized into two groups: Human-Sources Learners and Platform Learners. Results revealed an overall preference for Platforms (73.23%). Interestingly, when learning novel concepts, the proportion favoring Human-Sources increased significantly (34.56% versus 18.80%). Most of the children mentioned changing their strategy when stuck during the learning process (79.93%), with Platform Learners showing higher adaptability (89.34%) than Human-Sources learners (54.17%). These findings deepen our understanding of children's decision-making regarding learning, aiding teachers in guiding their learning processes more efficiently, valuable not only in educational settings, but also in their personal and professional lives.  

 Goal bias in using spatial language to describe changing quantities   
   
 Macuch Silva, Vinicius | ; 
  Lorson, Alexandra | ; 
  Woodin, Greg | ; 
  Winter, Bodo 
    
 Numbers and space are associated in the mind, and in language. We investigate 6,400 instances of verbs indicating vertical movement (e.g., rise, fall, decline) or size-based changes (e.g., contract, grow, extend) in four corpora, showing that 60% of all uses occur in quantitative contexts (e.g., ‚Äòprices rose'). For concrete spatial language, it has been found that movement goals are more likely encoded than sources (e.g., Lakusta & Landau 2005, Stefanowitsch, 2018). We demonstrate that this asymmetry carries over to spatial-numerical language, which more often encodes goals (e.g., ‚Äòrevenue went up to 48 million') than sources (e.g., ‚Äòshare prices rose from $7.13'). In line with their path-related meaning, vertical verbs showed a much higher propensity to encode endpoints (20%) than size-based verbs (10%), a large effect (Cohen's d = 2.0). These results show that the goal bias attested for spatial language carries over to abstract conceptual domains.  

 Unraveling Overreaction in Expectations: Leveraging Cognitive Sampling Algorithms in Price Prediction Tasks   
   
 Zhou, Yuqi | ; 
  Zhu, Jian-Qiao | ; 
  Spicer, Jake | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 When making financial forecasts, individuals often overreact to recent information, as consistently observed in both laboratory studies with na√Øve participants and professional consensus real-world forecasting. Current models attribute this overreaction to either an overestimation of recent information or memory constraints favoring more accessible information. An alternative explanation suggests individuals accurately integrate all available information into their mental posterior probability distribution for forecasting, but are unable to directly access this distribution, leading to dependence on approximation methods such as sampling. Local sampling algorithms have received recent support in other forecasting contexts and may introduce overreaction as a consequence of a starting point bias. By reanalyzing existing data from a price prediction task with a random walk price series, we observe increasing variability in predicted values and forecast errors as the horizon expands. Employing this heightened variability and overreaction, we differentiate between competing explanations for the observed forecasting behavior.  

 Remembering better: A bridge between paired-associate learning and higher-order cognition   
   
 Sherman, Keith L | ; 
  Kurtz, Kenneth 
    
 Paired-associate learning is a classic paradigm addressing a most fundamental memory task: recalling examples of arbitrary associations between elements. One lesson is that semantics matters to this otherwise episodic task in that elaborative rehearsal connecting the words facilitates cued-recall. We ask whether two forms of semantic elaboration, inspired by higher-order cognition, can produce even better performance. Control groups performed ordinary elaborative study tasks (integrated imagery and compare/contrast) within a traditional paired-associate learning task. Experimental groups either: (1) completed a conceptual combination task requiring them to invent a novel concept aptly captured by the noun-noun pair; or (2) invoked relational cognition skills by predicating a propositional statement wherein the two concepts each fulfilled roles in a semantic relationship. Across three experiments relational predication showed a sizable advantage in cued-recall relative to controls; and additional evidence revealed a less robust benefit of conceptual combination. Implications for theory and application are discussed  

 Impact of dancers' music-induced emotions on their body movements   
   
 Natsume, Yukina | ; 
  Murata, Aiko | ; 
  Honda, Kazuaki | ; 
  Saijo, Naoki 
    
 Dancers vividly express joy, grief, and other emotions through their body movements, which reflect the deliberate expression of certain emotions and also the unintentional emotions. Research has shown that the speed of performers' movements varies according to the emotions deliberately expressed. However, no study has examined the non-deliberate emotions. Therefore, this study examined dancers' unintentionally exposed emotions through their movements. Seventeen semi-professional dancers performed a neutral choreography to three music types‚Äîjoy-inducing music, sadness-inducing music, and a metronome‚Äîand their performances were compared. Changes in the dancers' body movements were measured using a motion-capture system. Results showed that body movements were generally faster and more dynamic with emotion-inducing music compared to the metronome. While the speed of pelvic movements was more when they danced to joy-inducing music, arm movement was more apparent for sadness-inducing music. These findings help understand the unintentional emotion-expression dynamics in dance.  

 Mandarin-Speaking Children's Acquisition of Resultative Verb Compounds: Compositionality and Eventuality   
   
 Ji, Yue | ; 
  Liu, Xiaotao 
    
 Mandarin Resultative Verb Compounds (RVCs, e.g., bo-kai ‚Äúpeel-open‚Äù) consist of two verbal components. The second component (V2) denotes a resultant state associated with the action denoted by the first component (V1) (Tham, 2015). RVCs emerge in child speech by age 2 and become productive at age 3 (Deng, 2010). However, comprehension difficulties persist until age 6 (e.g., Chen, 2016). Given the puzzling gap between early production and delayed comprehension, we conducted an event description and a sentence comprehension experiment to investigate children's knowledge of the compositional nature and resultative meaning of RVCs. In both experiments, we highlighted the contrast between realized and unrealized resultant state in the visual stimuli. 4- and 5-year-olds were sensitive to the result component of RVCs and differentiated RVCs from mono-morphemic V1s. Our findings demonstrate Mandarin-speaking children's ability to map appropriate verb forms onto unfolding events and provide evidence in favor of continuity in language development.  

 Children's multimodal coordination during collaborative problem solving   
   
 De Jonge-Hoekstra, Lisette | ; 
  Pouw, Wim | ; 
  van der Steen, Steffie | ; 
  Cox, Ralf F.A. | ; 
  Dixon, James 
    
 When children solve cognitive problems together, they coordinate their speech, hand movements and head movements. Previous studies with adults have shown that such multimodal coordination is related to better collaboration. We do not know whether this is true for children, however. In this study, dyads of children (6-10 years) discussed and solved balance scale problems together. To investigate children's multimodal coordination, we measured their speech, hand movements and head movements throughout their bouts of discussion, and applied multidimensional Recurrence Quantification Analysis (MdRQA) on these timeseries. We coded the type of collaboration the children engaged in during these bouts of discussion. We measured performance regarding predicting to which side the balance scale would tilt. We will analyse how children's multimodal coordination is related to the type of collaboration and to their performance on the balance scale problems. Our results will show how successful collaboration between children emerges from their multimodal coordination.  

 Does child-directed speech facilitate language development in all domains? A study space analysis of the existing evidence.   
   
 Kempe, Vera | ; 
  Ota, Mitsuhiko | ; 
  Schaeffler, Sonja 
    
 For the claim that child-directed speech (CDS) aids language development to be generalisable, superior learning from CDS compared to adult-directed speech (ADS) must be demonstrated across multiple input domains and learning outcomes. To determine availability of relevant evidence we performed a study space analysis of the research literature on CDS: 942 peer-reviewed studies were coded with respect to CDS features, learning outcomes and whether they included a comparison between CDS and ADS. The results showed that only 290 (16.2%) studies compared outcomes between CDS and ADS, almost half of which focussed on the ability to discriminate between the two registers. Only 20 studies showed learning benefits from CDS for some morphosyntactic and lexico-semantic features and none for pragmatic and extra-linguistic features. Thus, CDS-ADS comparison studies are very unevenly distributed across input features and outcome measures. Until these research gaps are filled claims that CDS facilitates language development should be moderated.  

 Cross-modal serial dependence between visual and auditory stimuli in numerical estimation task   
   
 Hashimoto, Takuma | ; 
  Morimoto, Yukihiro | ; 
  Makioka, Shogo 
    
 Serial dependence is a phenomenon in which perception of the current stimulus is influenced by that of past stimulus. Previous studies have shown that serial dependence does not occur between modalities, however, it has only been validated with limited types of tasks. We examined the cross-modal serial dependence in numerical estimation task. Participants were asked to estimate the number of flashes presented sequentially for visual stimuli and the number of white noises presented sequentially for auditory stimuli. We observed significant serial dependence from visual to auditory, but not in the reverse direction. The reason we observed serial dependence between modalities may be due to the high-order processing required to perform the numerical estimation task. We need to further investigate the nature of the visual stimuli (sequential or simultaneous) as well as their temporal properties to determine why only serial dependence from visual to auditory was observed in this experiment.  

 Impact of cognitive abilities on reading and writing skills of a dyslexic Chinese-English bilingual child   
   
 Wong, Catherine Shee-hei | ; 
  Hao-yan, Dr Emily Ge 
    
 This paper discusses a case study of a 10-year-old Chinese-English bilingual boy, who has developmental dyslexia. The boy exhibits a discrepancy in his reading and writing abilities in both languages, which is believed to be due to the distinct orthographic characteristics and cognitive requirements of the two languages. The study investigated the reasons for his literacy skills profile from both orthographic and cognitive perspectives by evaluating the boy's working memory, literacy skills, receptive vocabulary, and cognitive abilities in both languages. Preliminary findings revealed that while the child's cognitive profile was consistent across both languages, his reading and writing accuracy in Chinese was lower compared to TD Chinese-English bilinguals, with greater difficulties in Chinese writing. This case study reinforces the cognitive account theory, suggesting that the varying cognitive demands needed for literacy skill development can result in differences in these skills, particularly regarding accuracy, in bilingual children (Sambai et al., 2022).  

 Age-related Differences in Autobiographical Memory: A Trajectory of Changes   
   
 Köken, Deniz Nur | ; 
  Gülpınar Çiftkaya, Şule | ; 
  ƒ∞mrek, Merve Sena 
    
 Age-related differences in autobiographical memory recall studies focused on the differences between young and elderly adults. Episodic details and phenomenological experiences in young and middle-aged adults were less studied. To obtain a trajectory, it is important to depict the changes in episodic and phenomenological details in middle-aged adults. The present study aimed to fill this gap by comparing young (ages 18 - 30 in Study 1, 20 - 30 in Study 2) and middle-aged (ages 30 - 60 in Study 1, 40 - 50 in Study 2) adults on early and recent memories. We collected data from 303 participants and asked questions about their phenomenological experiences. We coded episodic details based on the episodic richness scheme (Levine et al., 2002). We found that younger adults recollected more detailed memories than middle-aged adults. Also, young adults recollected events that were more important to their identity. Findings are discussed regarding retrieval/encoding-related advantages and their change across the lifespan.  

 The effect of working memory demands on the neural correlates of prospective memory   
   
 Beck, Ann-Kathrin | ; 
  Czernochowski, Daniela | ; 
  Lachmann, Thomas | ; 
  Hering, Alexandra 
    
 The role of working memory (WM) in maintaining, monitoring, and executing intended actions in prospective memory (PM) is debated in recent neuropsychological literature. In this study, WM load is manipulated twofold: in an ongoing n-back task (2-back vs. 3-back) and by the stimulus complexity of the cues (high vs. low). Event-related brain potentials (ERPs) in 57 young adults were used to examine the neural correlates of strategic monitoring, maintaining intentions, and detecting PM cues. We observed faster and more accurate responses when the ongoing task is a 2-back and the complexity of the cues is low. The ERP results showed that increased activation during strategic monitoring and maintenance of the intention as the n in the n-back load was increased. In contrast, manipulation of stimulus complexity affected ERPs related to cue detection. In sum, these findings demonstrate, that different types of WM load manipulations affect distinct stages of PM.  

 Using additional data types to identify the unidentifiable components of cognition during decision-making   
   
 Nunez, Michael D | ; 
  Schubert, Anna-Lena | ; 
  Frischkorn, Gidon T. | ; 
  Oberauer, Klaus 
    
 Drift-Diffusion Models (DDMs) are a widely-used class of models that assume an accumulation of evidence during a quick decision. These models are often used as measurement models to assess individual differences in cognitive processes, such as an individual's evidence accumulation rate and response caution. An additional underlying assumption of these models is that there is internal noise in the evidence accumulation process. However, fitting DDMs to experimental choice-response time data alone cannot yield estimates of an individual's evidence accumulation rate, caution, and internal noise at the same time. This is due to an intrinsic joint-unidentifiability of these parameters when fitting DDMs to behavioral data. We introduce methods of estimating these parameters at the same time with additional data types. The methods to estimate model parameters rely on Bayesian inference and simulation-based Bayesian inference. We show why these methods are useful without making strong assumptions.  

 Linguistic Framing in Large Language Models   
   
 Flusberg, Stephen | ; 
  Holmes, Kevin J. 
    
 Large Language Models (LLMs) have captured the world's attention for their surprisingly sophisticated linguistic abilities, but what they might reveal about human cognition remains unclear. Meanwhile, members of the public routinely share ‚Äúprompt engineering‚Äù tips for eliciting ‚Äúbetter‚Äù responses from LLMs such as OpenAI's ChatGPT. These efforts parallel research on linguistic framing, which shows that subtle linguistic cues shape people's attitudes and decision-making in a variety of contexts. In this study, we tested whether state-of-the-art LLMs would exhibit similar framing effects as human participants. We adapted a range of linguistic framing stimuli for use with LLMs based on a recently developed taxonomy of framing effects (e.g., lexical, figurative, and grammatical framing). Results revealed that some but not all framing effects replicated with LLMs. These findings have practical applications for interacting with AI systems and inform our understanding of the cognitive mechanisms that underlie the effects of framing.  

 The Role of Surprise in Memory: Assessing the Impact of Levels of Surprise on Children's Episodic Memory   
   
 Macias, Carla | ; 
  Persaud, Kimele 
    
 Expectations play a critical role in children's learning. Prior studies suggest that children selectively focus on and better remember details of expectation-violating events (Stahl & Feigenson, 2017; 2019). Yet, it remains unclear whether this enhanced memory persists across varying degrees (e.g., somewhat vs. very surprising) and types of expectation violations (core-knowledge vs. schema-based violations). Adapting a surprise storybook paradigm from Foster and Keane (2019), we measure children's (5-8 years; N=20) surprise and recognition memory for six stories that span different expectation-related domains and contain outcomes that are expectation-congruent, somewhat expectation-violating, or completely violating. While preliminary data revealed no significant difference in recognition accuracy by level of surprise, a trend towards better memory for violations of well-entrenched versus schema-based expectations was observed. This preliminary work points to potential differences in how varying types of expectations influence memory in young children and has important implications for learning.  

 Did you say Beer, Deer, or Gear? Exploring the McGurk effect using word stimuli   
   
 Getz, Laura 
    
 The McGurk effect is a demonstration of the multimodal nature of speech perception; listening to /b/ while watching visual mouth movements for /g/ is expected to result in a ‚Äúfusion‚Äù perception of /d/. A majority of studies on the effect use isolated syllables, whereas our goal was to enhance ecological validity by examining word stimuli. We varied task (forced-choice vs. open-ended) and stimuli (words vs. non-words) between participants. In the word condition, all three stimuli formed words (e.g., beer/deer/gear), and in the non-word condition, the B, D, or G stimulus was a word while the other two were nonwords (e.g., besk/desk/gesk). Fusion responses were much lower than in previous studies, but importantly, participants showed the most fusion responses when the D stimulus was a word and B and G were non-words. These results challenge assumptions about the underlying mechanisms of the McGurk effect, arguing against a purely perceptual illusion.  

 How Language Use Reflects Emotion Regulation: Evidence from Spanish   
   
 Holmes, Kevin J. | ; 
  Kassin, Lena | ; 
  Buchillon-Almeida, Daniela | ; 
  Canseco-Gonzalez, Enriqueta 
    
 Cognitively reappraising a stressful situation‚Äîreinterpreting it to lessen its emotional impact‚Äîis effective for regulating negative emotions. When reappraising, English speakers engage in linguistic distancing, spontaneously using words that are more abstract or impersonal. Previous work showed that this pattern generalizes to Spanish but was equivocal as to whether Spanish-specific markers of psychological distance (e.g., ‚Äúestar‚Äù‚Äî‚Äúto be‚Äù for temporary states) are signatures of successful emotion regulation for Spanish speakers. Here we revisited this possibility. Spanish-English bilinguals in majority Spanish-speaking countries (N = 138) transcribed their thoughts in each of their languages while responding naturally to negative images or reappraising them. Reappraisal increased the use of distance markers common to both languages as well as the use of ‚Äúestar,‚Äù which was associated with reduced negative affect when reappraising. Our findings suggest that people distance their language in both cross-linguistically shared and language-specific ways when regulating their emotions.  

 Revisiting the Role of Observational Contexts for Learning Hard Nouns   
   
 Boskovic, Kosta | ; 
  Suanda, Sumarga H. 
    
 Children learn words that name objects (‚Äúball‚Äù) and those that name abstract concepts (‚Äústory‚Äù). One view of learning is that different inputs matter for different words (Snedeker & Gleitman, 2004). That is, many argue that although the observational contexts in which words occur are sufficient for learning object names, they are not for learning abstract ‚Äúhard words‚Äù (Gleitman et al., 2005). This study revisited the contributions of observational contexts to learning one type of hard word: nouns denoting non-basic level object categories (‚Äúhard nouns‚Äù like ‚Äúfriend‚Äù; Kako, 2005). In a new artificial learning paradigm, we reveal that although observational contexts were insufficient for full hard noun learning, they afforded learners partial knowledge that allowed them to succeed in some learning tasks. These data highlight how observational contexts may lay the foundation for learning hard nouns, and underscore how definitions of learning impact our understanding of how the input shapes it.  

 A longitudinal study on the production of filled pauses among bilingual and monolingual children   
   
 Arslan, Burcu | ; 
  Göksun, Tilbe | ; 
  Aktan Erciyes, Aslƒ± 
    
 Filled pauses (e.g., um) help speakers to maintain a conversational floor with their listener(s). Considered an advanced form of disfluency; they emerge when children obtain some language competency. Bilinguals might frequently produce filled pauses as they are sensitive to communication. This longitudinal study examined Turkish-English bilingual (N=50) and Turkish monolingual (N=48) children's production of filled pauses in L1-Turkish and L2-English narratives. Children in three age groups were recruited in Time1 (5-,7- and 9-year-olds) and Time2 (6-,8- and 10-year-olds) and were asked to narrate a story from a picture book. Results showed that controlling for L1-Turkish proficiency scores, the filled pause frequency in L1-Turkish narratives increased from Time1 to Time2, both for bilinguals and monolinguals for all age groups. We obtained the same findings for bilingual children's English narratives, controlling for English proficiency. We suggest that filled pauses might stem from metacognitive processes, which become more prominent with age.  

 Recovering cognitive events from trial-level pupil time courses   
   
 Krause, Joshua | ; 
  Borst, Jelmer | ; 
  van Rij, Jacolien 
    
 Pupil dilation is assumed to be a slow and indirect reflection of latent cognitive events. Deconvolution approaches promise a more precise study of these events, assuming that they all trigger a delayed pupil response. However, conventional deconvolution approaches neglect the possibility that between-event timings and the shape of the pupil responses differ between subjects, trials, and cognitive events. Accounting for this variability however is crucial to 1) achieve precise recovery of latent events and 2) to investigate how trial-level predictors influence cognitive processes. We present a new method that performs trial-level deconvolution by combining generalized additive mixed models with Hidden semi-Markov models. We tested this method on synthetic data and subsequently applied it to data from a lexical decision experiment (N=24) and recovered six processing events. Investigating the trial-level durations of the recovered events revealed that early visual and late decision-related processing were influenced differently by frequency and word-type.  

 Task Diversity and Human Decision-Making: A Taxonomic View   
   
 Ibs, Inga | ; 
  Ott, Claire | ; 
  Rothkopf, Constantin | ; 
  Jäkel, Frank 
    
 Problem-solving and sequential decision-making research have a long-standing tradition of utilizing various tasks in experiments to gain insights into different aspects of human behavior. Choosing the right task for investigating these aspects is crucial since human solution approaches depend on features and dynamics of tasks. For a complete theory of sequential decision-making, we must consider this relationship between behavior and task features. We developed a taxonomy and identified nine structural task features that allow us to describe the relationship between tasks and the behavior in the tasks. We categorize sequential decision-making tasks and show how their features link to the demands on solution approaches that leverage their structure. We argue that this taxonomic view on tasks can guide research processes as it can help select the right task for a research question at hand and can be used to relate the results of behavioral studies to each other.  

 Communication and learning pressures result in clustered lexicons   
   
 Keogh, Aislinn | ; 
  Culbertson, Jennifer | ; 
  Kirby, Simon 
    
 Cross-linguistically, lexicons tend to be more phonetically clustered than required by their phonotactics; that is, words are less distinct than they could be. We use an agent-based exemplar model to investigate how this property arises over generations of language transmission under different functional pressures from learning and communication. We find that, in isolation, learnability pressures rapidly give rise to maximally clustered lexicons. When communicative pressures are also at play, clustering increases in line with a producer-side pressure to maximise similarity between words, but the rate of change is modulated by a listener-side preference for dispersion of word forms: a speaker who is trying to be understood considers what the listener is likely to understand before choosing a word to send. Overall, this work sheds light on how organisational properties of the lexicon may arise as a result of an ongoing trade-off between pressures from language learning, production and comprehension.  

 Size and community structure affect abstract graph learning   
   
 Kapogianis, Theodoros | ; 
  Bornstein, Aaron | ; 
  Chrastil, Elizabeth 
    
 Cognitive graphs represent relationships of learned associations between items or concepts, such as social relationships within a friend group or a network of streets. It is unknown what properties of graphs affect the ability of individuals to mentally represent and navigate these structures. Primary candidates are 1. the number of states (nodes) within a graph, 2. the number of connections among states (edges), and 3. community structure. We independently manipulate these factors to examine how they affect both the ability to identify paths between nodes and the efficiency of paths chosen in abstract graphs (associative networks) of object pictures with no overt spatial properties. Consistent with our hypotheses that changes in graph size, edge number, and community structure impact learning, we observed that these factors affected accuracy and efficiency in reaching targets. The findings demonstrate the influence of graph structure on learning, with implications for both spatial and non-spatial graphs.  

 Using psychophysical methods to investigate the role of sound in speed perception   
   
 Prpic, Valter | ; 
  Gherri, Elena | ; 
  Lugli, Luisa 
    
 Electric vehicles (EVs) are quickly replacing internal combustion cars, which will soon become obsolete. Nonetheless, how drivers' perception and cognition deal with certain features of EVs remains largely unknown. In this study we focus on the role of in-car sound, specifically the artificial engine sounds, on drivers' speed perception and control. Previous studies indicate that removing or reducing engine sound leads drivers to underestimate speed and, consequently, to drive faster. Furthermore, evidence suggests that specific sound frequencies could play a role in this process, highlighting the importance of in-car sound features. We consider benefits and limitations of different research paradigms used in the field (mostly video based technique and driving simulation) and we propose an experimental protocol to systematically investigate the phenomenon. Finally, we suggest that the wider use of psychophysical methods on video recordings would benefit the research in the field and overcome some limitations of simulation studies.  

 Spatial category learning: the influence of noise and familiarity on individuals   
   
 Heath, David | ; 
  Huette, Stephanie 
    
 Second language learners must often learn categories which may not map well with those of their first language. Prepositions often differ between languages, for example, German uses different words for vertically ‚Äúon‚Äù and horizontally ‚Äúon‚Äù which would be novel to an English-speaker. Additionally, learners must contend with varying degrees of noise in the learning environment. A spatial continuum of images was created depicting prepositions such as ‚Äúabove‚Äù and ‚Äúbelow‚Äù (familiar) or horizontal ‚Äúon‚Äù and vertical ‚Äúon‚Äù (novel). We used an artificial preposition learning task in adult English-speakers to explore both the influence of familiarity (familiar or novel) and the degree of statistical regularity in the learning material (noisy or consistent labeling of continuum steps) on learning outcomes. Our results suggest that learners are sensitive to statistics and familiarity and revealed individual differences in the sensitivity to these statistics, suggesting differences in efficiency of learning novel prepositions.  

 Quantifying Culture: an Information-Theoretic Measure of how Memes Flow Through Minds   
   
 Cashman, Matthew | ; 
  Blasi, Damian E 
    
 Cultural evolution is changing humanity much faster than genetic evolution, but at present we lack a way to empirically ground models of cultural evolution in a quantitative, content-agnostic way analogous to counting alleles in models of genetic evolution. A way to measure what information ends up in which minds would permit quantitative models of the many different processes that govern the flow of memes through minds. We offer a method for estimating the amount of information retained based on previous exposure to a cultural artifact. Entropy estimates that are generated based on a test set from e.g. Harry Potter will differ between a treatment group (Readers, people who have read Harry Potter), and a control group (Non-Readers). This difference is an expression, in bits, of how much information from the book stored in Readers' minds and therefore capable of influencing behavior.  

 A Deeping Learning Modeling for the Development of Emotion judgement in Autistic Children   
   
 Cai, Hui-Xin | ; 
  Chen, TSE MING | ; 
  FENG, HUA | ; 
  Peng, Shu-Ling | ; 
  Huang, Po-Sheng | ; 
  Wang, Ying-Chien | ; 
  Hu, Jon-Fan 
    
 In general, it is still unclear, to what extent, that autistic children would develop the ability to recognize facial expression by age and which basic emotion expressions are consistently difficult to learn. Moreover, what crucial processing and mechanisms would play a key role for the autistic behavior patterns in early social interaction. To answer these questions, a deep learning model is constructed to simulate the eye movement records during judging emotion expression of typical developed and autistic children. The simulation results are: 1. for older autistic models, if the gaze fixations for eyes and mouth of positive emotion is longer, it would lead to greater recognition performance; 2. in contrast, for younger autistic models, it takes longer training sessions to correctly recognize most of negative emotions as too much inferences of internal information occurred while establishing reliable prototypes of facial figures in differentiating the angry, sad, and disgusting expressions.  

 Visual working memory, attentional sustainability and shifting in digital versus non-digital environment: the role of perceptual feedback   
   
 Anufrieva, Anastasia 
    
 The digital environment has a significant impact on our everyday lives, but there is a lack of studies on how it affects cognitive processes like attention and working memory (WM). This study aims to compare attention and WM in digital and non-digital environments. In Experiment 1, we compared attention and working memory under paper and computer-based environment tasks. The findings showed that under non-digital condition attentional sustainability and visual working memory were better. In Experiment 2, we examined attentional shifting and sustainability at different levels of digital saturation (the presence of perceptual feedback on a website). Attentional sustainability was better in a saturated condition, but attentional shifting was not affected. Thus, the real environment is suggested to be superior due to lower saturation and higher motor-visual coherence. Digital saturation, along with the ACD idea, can guide attention. These results have applications for enhancing the user experience with interfaces.  

 Understanding exact large number is possible in Amazonian languages   
   
 Da Silva Sinha, Vera | ; 
  Kamaiura Sabino, Wary | ; 
  Göbel, Silke M. | ; 
  Majid, Asifa 
    
 There is debate regarding the role of number words in numerical cognition, especially for understanding exact large numbers. Studies of languages with number words for only small numbers suggest those languages do not provide symbolic scaffolding for exact large numerical cognition. This study investigates numerical cognition in speakers of the Amazonian language Awet√Ω which has twenty number words. In experimental tasks with numbers/objects up to 20, Awet√Ω participants demonstrated high accuracy in counting, verbal number comprehension, verbal and non-verbal one-to-one matching, and exact subtraction. Awet√Ω speakers also performed with high accuracy on approximate non-symbolic number comparison with more than 20 items, i.e. beyond their number word range. Awet√Ω participants performed as well as Portuguese speaking control participants across tasks. These findings demonstrate that knowledge and use of a system of twenty numeral words is sufficient for understanding exact numerical equivalence, at least up to 20, and basic arithmetic proficiency.  

 Can epistemic vigilance explain the underuse of social information? Evidence that a competitive incentive favoured dishonest advice and reduced the influence of social information.   
   
 Watson, Robin | ; 
  Morgan, Thomas J. H. 
    
 Cultural evolutionary theory has shown that social learning is adaptive across a broad range of conditions. However, humans frequently under-utilise beneficial social information in experimental settings ‚Äì a phenomenon termed egocentric discounting. We tested the hypothesis that influence is affected by expected reliability using a two-player online task in which both participants answered the same questions in series. After a first attempt, player 2 saw either advice from player 1 or their actual answer (spying). In addition, we manipulated the payoff structure of the task such that it had either a cooperative, competitive, or neutral incentive. As predicted, advice was least honest and social information overall had the least influence in the competitive condition. Player 2 also chose to spy rather than receive advice when offered the choice. Unexpectedly and regardless of the payoff structure, advice was more influential when player 2 could choose information but spying was more influential otherwise.  

 Dynamics of spontaneous thoughts and its link to the attentional profile   
   
 Kérébel, Adrien | ; 
  Sackur, Jerome 
    
 Attention-Deficit / Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is known to be associated with racing thoughts. Christoff et al. (2016) posit that the main determinant of the dynamics of spontaneous thoughts is the presence of constraints on cognition, be it automatic or deliberate. In the present project, we operationalized the unfolding of spontaneous thoughts with a word generation paradigm (Andrews-Hanna et al., 2021; Benedek et al., 2012; Jung, 1910): participants had to generate series of 10-30 words aloud, following a metronome. We set out to contrast two levels of constraint on associations (strong and weak) to test their impact on the dynamics of thoughts, and to relate it to sub-clinical ADHD-like symptomatology. Using reaction times and semantic metrics, we show that the participants who scored higher on an ADHD diagnostic questionnaire produced words that were less related, but only in the "weak constraint" condition - akin to free thoughts.  

 Modeling Cognitive Strategies in Teaching: Integrating Theory of Mind and Heuristics   
   
 Harootonian, Sevan Khoy | ; 
  Niv, Yael | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom | ; 
  Ho, Mark K 
    
 Teaching plays a crucial role in human learning, from formal educational environments to mentorship scenarios, yet its cognitive underpinnings remain underexplored. We focus on the distinction between teaching by reasoning using Theory of Mind (i.e., explicitly inferring what a learner knows) and teaching using heuristics (i.e., relying on a simple rule). We use a graph-navigation task where a learner agent with limited knowledge attempts to navigate through the most rewarding trajectory, with guidance from a human teacher. Our findings reveal that teachers utilize a blend of learner-specific strategies and general heuristics. We model learner-specific strategies using Bayesian Theory of Mind (Baker, Saxe, & Tenenbaum, 2009) and demonstrate that the most effective teachers incorporate this strategy. Intriguingly, we show that teaching strategies can be altered without explicit feedback. This suggests that subtle changes in the environment may significantly alter teaching approaches, highlighting the importance of understanding the cognitive processes behind teaching.  

 Using eye fixations in probabilistic categorization to predict declarative retrieval on relevant exemplar features   
   
 Montesinos, Martín | ; 
  Olguí, Antonia | ; 
  soto, vicente | ; 
  Chaigneau, Sergio E. | ; 
  Marchant, Nicolas 
    
 Probabilistic categorization (PC) has been used mostly to distinguish between memory systems (declarative vs. procedural). Most literature on PC has relied on the Weather Prediction Task. However, this task doesn't provide the flexibility in assigning probabilities to exemplar features that is often required in more ecological settings. Recently, Marchant and Chaigneau (2021) developed a PC task that allows flexible classification probabilities by computing p(category|feature). In this study, we implemented Marchant and Chaigneau's PC task under two feedback conditions (i.e., 70% and 90%) counterbalanced by three features' relevance conditions. In the transfer phase, subjects rated exemplars' category membership. During learning, we implemented eye-tracking to capture the number of fixations to each exemplar's features. Our work in progress shows that fixations on relevant features predict transfer responses, suggesting that people show declarative knowledge of critical features according to their relevance. Interestingly, declarative retrieval varies with the reliability of feedback.  

 Relationship Between Spatial and Number Development: Spatial Location Knowledge but not Mental Rotation relates to Numerical Skills of Preschoolers   
   
 Yalçıner, Hüseyin | ; 
  Karadoller, Dilay Z. 
    
 Space helps us understand abstract math concepts (Winter et al., 2015). Mental rotation is often studied for its predictive role in math development (Casey et al., 2015; Geer et al., 2019). The association between spatial location knowledge and math development remains overlooked despite the significance of left-right body space encoding in numbers (SNARC effect, Dehaene et al., 1993). This ongoing study investigates the link between preschoolers' mental rotation skills, spatial location knowledge, and various mathematical abilities (symbolic, non-symbolic, counting). Preliminary analyses (N= 20; Mage= 4;6) using R showed a significant relationship between spatial location knowledge and symbolic math (r= .43; p= .05) and counting skills (r= .51; p= .02), while no such association is found between mental rotation skills and mathematical abilities (all ps> .05). These findings demonstrate a strong link between spatial location knowledge, but not mental rotation, and development of preschoolers' mathematical skills. Keywords: space; number; preschoolers  

 Development of metacognitive monitoring during consecutive contingent decisions.   
   
 Goldwater, Micah 
    
 Metacognitive monitoring of uncertainty is critical for the development of self-regulated learning because recognition of uncertainty triggers information-seeking or a strategy change. Uncertainty monitoring is assessed with the calibration of explicit self-reports of certainty with objective levels of certainty. Typically, this is done with cognitive tasks where each trial is independent from the last, such as with perceptual judgments of noisy images. However, uncertainty monitoring is perhaps most important when there are multiple consecutive decisions to be made that are contingent on each other, such as problems requiring multiple steps to solve. Reasoners have to reflect on each step and consider if they are getting closer or further from a solution. In the current experiment, both children aged 5-10 and adults calibrated their initial certainty judgments similarly, showing sensitivity to differing initial levels of certainty. However, only adults updated their judgments as they progressed through consecutive decision steps.  

 Navigability: a common orientation for the cognitive in cognitive science   
   
 Hiott, Andrea 
    
 What are we saying when we say a body is cognitive? In various turns, we might be saying (or taken to be saying) that it is conscious, that it has mind, or that it is intelligent. But consciousness does not imply mind, and cognition may not imply consciousness. Still, this ambiguity is an unnecessary confusion that pervades scientific, philosophical, and everyday language. This paper proposes that we clarify this as follows: An embodied act can be assessed as cognitive if its activity can be modelled as a trajectory towards a goal, if this trajectory takes place in some state space (i.e., geographical, linguistic) that can also be modelled, and if, within this modelling, an affordance vector can be established from the agent to goal that does not depend upon another body for its relevance (i.e. a hammer would not have this vector because it acquires its directedness from another body).  

 Does the process of explaining affect one's beliefs?   
   
 Handley-Miner, Isaac | ; 
  Young, Liane 
    
 In an era in which people are bombarded by claims, often from unreliable sources (e.g., generative AI, click-bait headlines), understanding what leads people to believe such claims is imperative. Building on work demonstrating the role of explanation in learning, we test how the process of explaining a claim affects people's beliefs in it (3 studies; N=476, 17,580 observations). In Study 1, participants read 30 scientific news headlines. For each, participants either: generated an explanation for the reported phenomenon, wrote down any thoughts they had about it, or retyped it word-for-word. Participants rated the likelihood that the headline was true. In Study 2, participants also provided baseline ratings one week before the manipulation. Study 3 added a control condition where participants simply read the headline. Across studies, participants believed claims of fact were more likely to be true after trying to explain them compared to any control condition.  

 "Apples and Oranges" - Evaluating Reaction Time measures as a paradigm to contrast expert vs. novice performance in complex, dynamic task environments.   
   
 Lutsevich, Alexander 
    
 Previous research has effectively employed the fast-paced action puzzle video-game Tetris for understanding the acquisition of extreme expertise in complex, dynamic environments. A common approach when contrasting expert to novice performance has been the dissection of their interactions with the environment into disjoint sub-tasks ‚Äì such as Reaction Time (RT), measured by the input latency to new events on screen. The crucial, underlying assumption to this paradigm is task consistency at all levels of expertise. Using data collected from participants of the Tetris World Championship 2019 and from novices in our lab, we show that this assumption does not hold. While for novices the RT task type remains the same across all conditions, for experts - depending on environmental parameters - the nature of the RT task undergoes a shift and under specific conditions does not represent a RT task anymore. Thus, expert vs. novice sub-task comparison may not be a valid paradigm.  

 A better alpha - Incorporating spectral parameterization to improve measurement of listening effort   
   
 Woods, Sarah J | ; 
  Silcox, Jack W | ; 
  Payne, Brennan R 
    
 Understanding and quantifying listening effort (LE) is important to a better understanding of speech perception in acoustically challenging environments. EEG alpha power has shown promise as a measure of LE, but relationships between acoustic challenge and alpha have been inconsistent in prior work. We test whether these mixed findings are attributed to differences in alpha power measurement across studies. We compared traditional bandwidth measurement of alpha power to an algorithmic spectral parameterization (SP) approach which separates alpha from background changes in broadband aperiodic activity. Whereas the traditional approach yielded no significant difference in alpha between speech in quiet versus in background noise, the SP approach, which accounts for flattening of the broadband slope in noise, yielded a significant increase in alpha power to speech in noise. These results highlight the importance of accounting for aperiodic brain activity when considering oscillatory EEG markers of cognitive demand in speech perception.  

 Examining the Psychological Significance of the Jumps in the Decision Process through Test-Retest Reliability Analysis   
   
 Ebrahimi Mehr, Mehdi | ; 
  Amani Rad, Jamal 
    
 In decision-making, the Levy flights model (LFM), an extension of the diffusion decision model, adopts a heavy-tailed distribution with the pivotal 'alpha' parameter controlling the shape of the tail. This study critically examines the theoretical foundations of alpha, emphasizing that its test-retest reliability is essential to classify it as a cognitive style measure. Our analysis confirms the alpha parameter's test-retest reliability across various occasions and tasks, supporting its role as a trait-like characteristic. The study also explores LFM parameter interrelations, despite low correlation among the other parameters (so representing distinct aspects of data), there is a pattern of moderate correlation between alpha and non-decision time. Investigating the practice effect, our analyses indicate a consistent decrease in non-decision time, threshold, and often alpha across sessions, alongside the drift-rate increase. We also employ Bayesflow for parameter estimation, evaluating its precision with different trial counts. These findings provide valuable guidelines for future LFM research.  

 Towards a Metacognitive Reinforcement Learning Approach for Planning in Adaptive Learning Systems   
   
 Marquez, Laura 
    
 Learners face metacognitive challenges in planning efficient allocation of limited study time and cognitive resources. Our work draws cognitive science research showing how humans use reinforcement learning to adaptively develop metareasoning heuristics that balance deliberation and exploitation in learning sequence planning. We model this framework computationally by formulating adaptive content sequencing as a Markov Decision Process with meta-level states, actions, and rewards. A neural meta-policy module governs deliberation on building new personalized learning plans versus the reuse of prior recommendations through simulated user interactions. Testing using 100 simulated agents exhibiting the evolution of knowledge, interests, and consumption patterns provided longitudinal data on meta-policy responsiveness to dynamic learning requirements. Analyzing trends over time and trigger-reaction lags quantified opportunities for improving deliberation latency and relevance. The simulated experiments demonstrate promising progress in computationally modeling the metacognitive capacity for resource-rational planning by strategically balancing plan quality and computational effort in education content recommendation.  

 Simulating Opinion Dynamics with Networks of LLM-based Agents   
   
 Chuang, Yun-Shiuan | ; 
  Goyal, Agam | ; 
  Harlalka, Nikunj | ; 
  Suresh, Siddharth | ; 
  Hawkins, Robert | ; 
  Yang, Sijia | ; 
  Shah, Dhavan | ; 
  Hu, Junjie | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy T 
    
 Accurately simulating human opinion dynamics is crucial for understanding a variety of societal phenomena, including polarization and the spread of misinformation. However, the agent-based models (ABMs) commonly used for such simulations often over-simplify human behavior. We propose a new approach to simulating opinion dynamics based on populations of Large Language Models (LLMs). Our findings reveal a strong inherent bias in LLM agents towards producing accurate information, leading simulated agents to consensus in line with scientific reality. This bias limits their utility for understanding resistance to consensus views on issues like climate change. After inducing confirmation bias through prompt engineering, however, we observed opinion fragmentation in line with existing agent-based modeling and opinion dynamics research. These insights highlight the promise and limitations of LLM agents in this domain and suggest a path forward: refining LLMs with real-world discourse to better simulate the evolution of human beliefs.  

 Investigating autobiographical memory through the lens of self-incongruent shameful memories.   
   
 Wicher, Alicja M. | ; 
  Axmacher, Nikolai 
    
 Autobiographical memory arises from an integration of memories with the self-model, which means that the recall of one's past needs to be congruent with one's self-model. Memories invoking self-incongruent emotions pose a particular challenge for maintaining a stable and positive self-image, which makes them a good target for research into processes of self-memory integration. Expanding on our previous research, we developed an fMRI paradigm that uses subject-specific recalls of shameful episodes from the past, compared with neural and fearful episodes as control conditions, in order to identify the neural correlates of self-incongruent episodes. To this end, we employ multivariate methods (representational similarity analysis) to compare neural activation patterns of natural images associated with the autobiographical episodes. We expect higher similarity for items associated with the incongruent (shameful) episode in areas previously connected with self-related processes.  

 Chinese Character Network Structure Affects Processing of Single Chinese Characters   
   
 Siew, Cynthia S.Q. 
    
 Mandarin Chinese has a logographic writing system consisting of characters (e.g., Êúã and Âèã) that are monosyllabic morphemes often combined to form words (i.e., ÊúãÂèã, ‚Äúfriend‚Äù). The vast majority of Chinese words consists of two monosyllabic characters. This research describes the construction and properties of the Chinese character network and demonstrates how its network structure has implications for the lexical processing of Chinese characters through an analysis of Chinese megastudy data. Capitalizing on a database of over 25,000 double-character Chinese words, a network representation was created to represent how single characters are combined to form double-character Chinese words. Network measures such as degree and closeness centrality were retrieved from the network representation and included as predictors in a regression model to predict visual lexical decision performance of single Chinese characters. Network measures contributed additional variance beyond traditional variables such as number of strokes and character frequency.  

 Children use positive prescriptive information when asked to predict random samples   
   
 Kominsky, Jonathan F. | ; 
  Knobe, Joshua | ; 
  Bonawitz, Elizabeth 
    
 Previous work has found that when adults are asked for "the first thing that comes to mind", they will provide something that falls between the descriptive average and the prescriptive ideal. In two experiments, we tested whether children would also be influenced by prescriptive information in their first-to-mind judgments, but also when they were asked to predict a randomly sampled item. In Experiment 1, providing information about whether being longer or shorter made a fictional tool better or worse led children to provide judgments that were biased toward the prescriptively 'best' tool, regardless of what they were asked for, while adults ignored prescriptive information when asked for a random sample. Experiment 2 replicated this result but further showed that the effect was specifically driven by information about which objects were prescriptively good, and did not also arise when the only salient information was about which objects were prescriptively bad.  

 Processing of scene intrinsics in the ventral visual stream for object recognition   
   
 Kapoor, Shreya | ; 
  Egger, Bernhard 
    
 A hallmark of human vision is the ability to rapidly recognize objects in a complex naturalistic scene. However, the exact mechanisms behind the computational invariance of object recognition remain unknown. In this study, we investigate object constancy by estimating how the ventral visual stream processes shading, shadows, textures, and specularities. To accomplish this, we use object meshes from the Objaverse dataset to create distinct multiclass classification tasks. For every task, we render a dataset by excluding exactly one of the previously stated features at a time. Subsequently, we train a ResNet50 model on each dataset. The trained model is evaluated on Brain-Score; deviations in these metrics indicate the importance of a brain region in achieving invariance to a specific feature. A reduced score for a removed feature in a particular region implies its crucial role in processing that feature since the model classifies objects based on remaining scene intrinsics.  

 L2 speakers use of discourse strategies in a Maze Task   
   
 Abraham, Carine 
    
 Sentence completion studies have shown that L1 English readers use verbal aspect (VA) as a cue to disambiguate pronouns in the context of sentences with transfer of possession verbs. Specifically, in the context of a sentence like ‚ÄúMary gave/was giving a book to Bill‚Äù, a subsequent pronoun is more likely to refer to the source referent (‚ÄúMary‚Äù) when the aspect is imperfective (‚Äúwas giving‚Äù) than when it is perfective (‚Äúgave‚Äù). L2 studies have shown mixed results on whether L2 speakers, living within an L2 country or outside, can utilise VA as a discourse cue. The current study tested L2 English speakers using an online Maze task, where a pronoun (‚ÄúHe‚Äù or ‚ÄúShe‚Äù) referring to either the source or goal referent had to be chosen at the critical point in the sentence. The results showed that both L1 speakers and L2 speakers, regardless of location, used VA as a disambiguation cue.  

 "I hear you! But conversing together is a bit different...!": Interactional dynamics in children with cochlear implants   
   
 Mazzocconi, Chiara | ; 
  Hidalgo, Céline | ; 
  Hallart, Charlie | ; 
  Lancia, Leonardo | ; 
  Bertrand, Roxane | ; 
  Roman, Stéphane | ; 
  Schön, Daniele 
    
 Even when early implanted, children with cochlear implants show heterogeneous language skills and often struggle with pragmatic communication aspects. Research aimed at elucidating specific weaknesses at the interactional level has yielded inconsistent findings. We analyse dyadic interactions involving nine hearing-impaired children and fourteen normal-hearing children engaging with an adult during a referential (treasure-hunting) task, periodically alternated with role-reversal sub-tasks (e.g., child-led referential-tasks, child-storytelling). Our investigation employs a multi-level analysis approach, encompassing acoustic features (F0, intensity, speech duration, speech rate), turn-taking dynamics (duration, gaps, overlaps), laughter responsiveness and pragmatic functions, convergence of these features, dialogue acts, contingency, and task success. We compare interactional patterns across groups and conditions. The adoption of a multi-level characterization is grounded in the hypothesis that alignment at "lower levels" serves a functional role and concurrently offers insights into alignment at a conceptual level, thereby facilitating mutual understanding and conversational success, giving insights on underpinning neuro-psychological processes.  

 Systemic structure of kinship is shaped by evolutionary processes   
   
 Hallam, Maisy | ; 
  Jordan, Fiona | ; 
  Kirby, Simon | ; 
  Smith, Kenny 
    
 Kinship terminology varies cross-linguistically, but there are constraints on which kin may be categorised together. One proposed constraint on kinship diversity is internal co-selection: an evolutionary process where terminological changes in one generation of the kinship paradigm co-occur with parallel changes in other generations, increasing system-wide predictive structure. We compared kinship systems from 544 natural languages to simulated baselines and found higher-than-chance mutual information (MI) between generations of kin, suggesting a selective pressure for internal co-selection. We then tested experimentally whether this systematicity increases learnability. Participants were taught artificial kinship systems with either maximum or minimum MI between generations. We predicted the high-MI system would be easier to learn, but participants showed little evidence of learning in either condition. A follow-up experiment tested whether predictive structure facilitates generalisation rather than learning. Although other strategies are common, we found that participants often maximise predictive structure when generalising terms to new kin.  

 Spatial Demonstratives and Perspective Taking in Japanese and English   
   
 Gudde, Harmen | ; 
  Coventry, Kenny R 
    
 Spatial demonstratives exist in all languages, but currently there is much debate regarding the parameters that affect their use both between and within languages. In this work, we explore ‚Äòperspective taking' as a means of accounting for variation in demonstrative use both between and within languages. Analysing primary and secondary data, we test the effects of egocentric distance and addressee position on demonstrative production in speakers of two languages with two purportedly different demonstrative systems: English and Japanese. Based on individual differences between speakers, we propose a framework unifying different theoretical accounts of demonstrative systems in which demonstratives require a spatial reference frame to be chosen prior to the application of a range of routines to select the appropriate term in a given context.  

 Exploring the Dynamics of Dyadic Communication and Performance in Acting Training   
   
 Sun, Jingyan | ; 
  Okada, Takeshi 
    
 This study delves into the dynamics of dyadic communication within a predefined acting scenario by analyzing how the utterance and behavior of paired participants change over time and influence each other. Assigned specific roles and objectives within this preset context, participants focus on and verbalize each other's actions. Prior research, which compared verbal characteristics between professional actors and novices, underlines the importance of shifting focus from self to partner in attaining naturalistic performances, referring to authentic communication in an acting setting. The present study incorporates pose estimation into the video analysis of acting training, assessing behavioral dynamics in a natural state. By extracting the correlations in movement changes of the paired participants during role-playing, the dynamic process of interaction in a specific context is traced, elucidating how natural performances develop through intensive mutual attention and interaction. Additionally, examining concurrent changes in utterance provides insights into the reasons behind behavioral changes. Overall, this research not only sheds light on the nuances of performing arts training but also makes a contribution to the broader understanding of action patterns and communication dynamics within specific social roles and interactions.  

 Aspects of semantic change and how they interact with lexical acquisition   
   
 Baumann, Andreas | ; 
  Scheicher, Andreas | ; 
  Böhm, Irene | ; 
  Hartmann, Stefan 
    
 Words that are learned early were shown to be semantically more stable, and vice versa (Cassani et al. 2021, Cognitive Science). Semantic change, however, has multiple aspects. In this diachronic corpus study, we examine the relationship between the age of acquisition (AoA) of words and a set of different measures of semantic change: change in a word's polysemy; overall semantic displacement; and average extent of semantic fluctuation. All measures are based on diachronically layered sense distributions (Hu et al. 2019, ACL) derived from the Corpus of Historical American English. AoA is taken from Kuperman et al. (2012, Behav. Res. Meth.). Taking interactions with frequency into account, we show that semantic displacement and fluctuation are positively associated with AoA as expected. Early acquisition is associated with an increase in polysemy. This hints at the relevance of semantic (metaphorical) extension in the early acquisition of the lexicon.  

 Attentional sustainability of organizer users under fast and slow appearing notifications   
   
 Sklemenova, Valeriya | ; 
  Anufrieva, Anastasia 
    
 Notifications convey important information, but they can also act as distractions, leading to resumption errors. Previous research has primarily focused on two types of notifications: pop-up notifications that appear quickly (1 second) and transparency reduction notifications that appear slowly (2 seconds). Pop-up notifications in an environment with perceptual feedback tend to result in the highest number of errors, while transparency reduction notifications may go unnoticed in an environment without feedback. To bridge this gap, the third variant of notification speed (1.5 seconds) was introduced in this study. The aim was to strike a balance between the noticeability of notification and minimizing the negative impact of attention redirection. Participants were instructed to perform the Modified Bourdon Test and close notifications. The findings revealed that the third variant, combining the features of pop-up and transparency reduction notifications, led to a decrease in resumption errors while still effectively capturing users' attention.  

 Prestimulus Periodic and Aperiodic Neural Activity Shapes McGurk Perception   
   
 Singh, Vinsea A V | ; 
  Kumar, Vinodh G. | ; 
  Banerjee, Dr. Arpan | ; 
  Roy, Dr. Dipanjan 
    
 Studies have reported that prestimulus brain oscillations guide perceptual experiences during AV speech perception. However, 'what' features in such oscillations drive perception remains unknown. In this EEG study (n=18), we investigated how prestimulus periodic oscillations and aperiodic components influence the perception of the McGurk illusion on a trial-by-trial basis. Using logistic mixed-effect models, we determined the topology of spectral markers that predict the brain response to illusory perception. We found lower levels of alpha (8-12 Hz) and beta (15-30 Hz) band oscillations over parieto-occipital sensors, lower aperiodic offset values over parietal-temporal sensors, and a lower global effect of exponent over the scalp that predicted the response to McGurk illusion. We conclude that the predominant source of variations in the prestimulus oscillatory state is manifested by aperiodic background activity and that variations in these oscillations and aperiodic activity, account for inter-trial and inter-individual variability in perception of the McGurk illusion.  

 Studying with optimized multiple-choice distractors equates recall-based studying   
   
 Braam, Myrthe | ; 
  Wilschut, Thomas Jan | ; 
  van der Velde, Maarten | ; 
  van Rijn, Hedderik 
    
 While students typically prefer multiple-choice learning, open-answer questions have frequently been found to be more effective, attributed to their role in promoting recall as opposed to recognition. Here, we examine increasing the effectiveness of multiple-choice testing as a learning tool, by using foils (incorrect answer options) that are similar in meaning and word form to the correct answer. Participants studied French-Dutch vocabulary in three learning conditions: one with unrelated foils, another with open questions, and a third using multiple choice questions with related foils. The related foils were either semantically or orthographically similar to the correct answer. The results showed no significant difference between the open questions and the related foils condition, indicating comparable effectiveness. Replicating earlier studies, the unrelated foils condition yielded significantly poorer learning outcomes. Overall, these results suggest that multiple-choice testing can be a viable alternative to open answer testing when utilizing related foils.  

 Shared perceptual decisions exhibit an animacy bias   
   
 Geiselmann, Rebecca | ; 
  Deroy, Ophelia | ; 
  Harris, Lasana 
    
 This study investigates social context's effect on human perceptual decision-making in animacy recognition, a crucial skill for identifying potential social interaction partners. Visual cues, particularly goal-directed and synchronized motion, are essential in animacy inference. We hypothesize a bias (evidenced by response frequency, response time, and confidence levels) toward perceiving motion as animate when in the presence of others. Participants assess animations featuring two moving disks engaging in interactions characterized by varying degrees of synchronized and goal-directed motion. These assessments are conducted individually and alongside another participant performing the same task. During each animation, participants indicate via button press whether they perceive the disks as being alive. Subsequently, they rate their confidence in their response using a 1-5 Likert Scale. By employing Bayesian and Drift Diffusion Models, we aim to uncover how the presence of others impacts animacy perception, thereby shedding light on the role of social factors in perceptual decision-making.  

 Teaching Functions with Gaussian Process Regression   
   
 Malaviya, Maya | ; 
  Ho, Mark K 
    
 Humans are remarkably adaptive instructors who can adjust advice on complex tasks based on a learner's current knowledge and goals. However, paradigms in cognitive psychology generally examine pedagogy in constrained and discrete tasks, like categorization or feature learning. We examine teaching in continuous domains, where there are theoretically infinite hypotheses, and model how teachers can formulate a computationally tractable Bayesian inference using Gaussian process regression. Taking inspiration from function learning tasks, we investigated how one teaches visual underlying functions by giving pedagogically-informed point examples. Preliminary evidence suggests teachers are sensitive to learners' priors about continuous functions. For instance, when learners expect a diverse range of function types (linear, quadratic, periodic, etc.) then teachers tend to select examples that help distinguish between those types. Conversely, teachers relaxed this constraint if learners had not seen multiple function types. Our results provide insight into mechanisms of pedagogical guidance in complex, continuous task domains.  

 Cross-Cultural Insights into Body Part Naming   
   
 Tjuka, Annika 
    
 Human bodies follow similar designs. Yet, languages differ in how they divide the body into parts to name them (Brown 1976; Enfield et al. 2006; Majid et al. 2015; Huisman et al. 2021). In this study, we investigate the similarities and differences in naming two separate body parts with the same word, i.e., colexifications. Using a computational approach, we analyze networks of body part vocabularies across 1,028 languages. The analyses focus on the influence of perceptual features that lead to variations in body part colexification networks and on a comparison of network structures in different semantic domains. Results reveal that adjacent body parts are frequently colexified, while variations in vocabularies are influenced by perceptual features like shape and function. Compared to semantic domains like emotion and color, body part colexification networks show less variation across language families. This research presents the first large-scale comparison of body part vocabularies and provides important insights into the variability of a universal human domain.  

 How Does Information Sampling Affect Moral Judgments?   
   
 Cesarini, Deborah | ; 
  Terry, Jade 
    
 Social identity and situational information guide how people morally judge others. A journalist is judged differently than a doctor if they expose private information, which may also depend on whether the reason was to prevent a public health crisis vs. for monetary gain. What is less known, is how people decide how much and what type of information (identity vs. situation) is more relevant for them to make a moral judgment. To investigate this, participants received limited information about a case with a potential moral violation. Then, they could get new pieces of information about the case (varying in importance as normed in our pre-study) incrementally, or stop collecting information and instead judge the violation. This study elucidates how people accumulate and use evidence to judge others. Our findings can reveal underlying biases in decision-making and be used to inform legal and criminal proceedings, news coverage strategies, and others.  

 Computational Principles of Caregiving   
   
 Kleiman-Weiner, Max 
    
 I formalize the problem of care in the mathematical language of sequential decision-making. Drawing upon insights from developmental psychology, robotics, and computational cognitive modeling, I conceptualize care as a dynamic interplay between the caregiver ('one-caring') and the care recipient ('cared-for'). Caring actions maximize the utility of the cared-for at a future point when they are required to act autonomously. Since this quantity cannot be directly optimized, the focus is on enabling increasing levels of autonomy through environmental shaping, risk reduction, and safe exploration. I distinguish caregiving from helping and teaching by care's focus on exploration and autonomy that increase capacity over time. In the context of elderly care, the emphasis shifts towards preserving rather than enhancing capacity. Finally, I consider the role of caregiving in the development of moral values and the possibility of artificially intelligent agents that might someday care for us.  

 An Experimental-Semiotic Approach to the Emergence of Metaphor and Polysemy in Interaction   
   
 Pleyer, Michael | ; 
  Namednikava, Darya | ; 
  Karkowska, Klaudia | ; 
  Kuleshova, Svetlana | ; 
  Placi≈Ñski, Marek | ; 
  Wacewicz, Slawomir 
    
 Polysemy is pervasive in modern language and represents one key factor that allows for the unlimited expressive potential of human language. One important process of historical meaning extension is that of metaphor (Anderson 2017). Recently, the paradigm of Experimental Semiotics has been proposed as a novel methodology to investigate semantic change (Bowerman & Smith 2022). In experimental semiotics, participants have to converge on a novel signalling system in the absence of a shared language. Here we adopt this approach to experimentally investigate the role of metaphor in meaning extensions. Specifically, we will present results of a study in which participants have to communicate about a novel meaning space in a referential communication game. Importantly, participants will only be able to use symbols for which they have previously established symbol-meaning mappings in a prior game. The results show to which degree participants make use of metaphor in in this task.  

 Why are they saying this? The perceived motives behind online posting and their psychological consequences   
   
 Pucci, Viola | ; 
  Perfors, Andrew | ; 
  Kashima, Yoshihisa 
    
 People have different intentions when sharing information online. However, are others able to interpret these motives and form accurate impressions of the poster? To investigate this, we put participants (N = 307) in imaginary opinion-based ingroup and outgroup online forums. In each, people were presented with different types of statements and asked for their impressions of the poster as well as of their own ingroup and outgroup. Negative impressions and intentions were more commonly linked to posters thought to be outgroup members, even when they exhibited similar behaviours to posters thought to be members of the ingroup. Notably, most types of contact increased people's liking of the ingroup and disliking of the outgroup. That said, a perceived effort to engage in genuine discussion over group matters by perceived outgroup posters appeared to shift outgroup impressions to be more positive. This highlights the potential benefit of deliberation in mitigating intergroup animosity.  

 Investigating the Influence of Disfluencies and Gestures in Assessing Others' Knowledge: A Feelings of Another's Knowing (FOAK) Study   
   
 Avcƒ±, Can | ; 
  Eskenazi, Terry | ; 
  Göksun, Tilbe 
    
 People rely on communicative cues when assessing others' knowledge levels about a topic. Speech fluency has been shown to inform these assessments (Brennan & Williams, 1995), however little is known whether co-speech gestures also impact how we judge others' level of expertise. To address this, we showed 42 participants (Mage=21.05) short videos of speakers in four conditions (fluent or disfluent speech with gestures, fluent or disfluent speech without gestures). Participants then provided FOAK (feelings of another's knowing) judgements of the speaker. A mixed effects regression analysis, with conditions as fixed and trial and subjects as random effects, revealed that fluent speech elicited higher FOAK ratings than disfluent speech, p<.01. Surprisingly gestures did not affect FOAK ratings. This is a first study to suggest, fluency can be a more prominent cue than gestures when assessing others' knowledge levels.  

 Neural Activities in Intentional Motor Switching after Coordinating Bodily Motions in Pairs   
   
 Fujiwara, Masayuki | ; 
  Shibata, Kosei | ; 
  Hashimoto, Takashi | ; 
  Wagatsuma, Hiroaki 
    
 Human communication, known to occur between two individuals using various modalities, has attracted significant interest, particularly in the context of neural dynamics' studies. Embodied communication, especially in cooperative or competitive situations, has been a focal point of these studies. However, the neural activity during this process is not well understood from the viewpoint of motor intention in communication. It is crucial to note that intentional motor switching occurs following motor coordination within a pair. In this study, we conducted a simultaneous recording of EEG, motion, and gaze of two players engaged in our newly devised coordination game involving bodily motions. We observed significant differences in time-frequency power during cooperative and competitive situations in intentional motor switching. This finding suggests that the EEG power differences in local brain regions and in the alpha and high-frequency bands are effectively related to the process of intentional motor switching.  

 Unlocking the Brain's Clock: the effects of transauricular vagus nerve stimulation on time processing.   
   
 De Martino, Maria Luisa | ; 
  Leemhuis, Erik | ; 
  Scuderi, Angelica | ; 
  Pazzaglia, Mariella 
    
 It has been highlighted that non-invasive stimulation of the auricular branch of the vagus nerve (taVNS) have a neuromodulatory effects on several cognitive functions. In-fact, tha vagal system is central for the organism's homeostatic regulation and it has widespread connections with various cortical and subcortical areas. Hence, our focus on studying the impact of this technique on a multifaceted cognitive process essential in human experience, time perception. Healthy subjects underwent explicit (duration discrimination) and implicit (prediction) temporal tasks during two distinct experimental sessions of stimulation with taVNS: a sham condition (offline stimulator) and an active stimulation condition. Participants' cardiac activity (Heart rate variability) was monitored throughout the experiment. Preliminary results show improved performance during the active stimulation condition, particularly for predictive temporal tasks. TaVNS may enhance brain activity in areas crucial for implicit timing (e.g. upper temporal cortex, lower parietal cortex) and supporting the adjustment process of temporal prediction errors.  

 The role of transauricular vagus nerve stimulation in balancing autonomic systems during cognitive tasks   
   
 Leemhuis, Erik | ; 
  De Martino, Maria Luisa | ; 
  Scuderi, Angelica | ; 
  Pazzaglia, Mariella 
    
 Transauricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) is increasingly spreading both in research and clinical practice; however, literature often presents non-uniform results in various cognitive domains. We propose a procedure based on the use of taVNS to investigate its effect on executive functions, also considering the modulation of the homeostatic balance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic systems. 40 (22F) volunteers participated in two separate sessions (stimulation/sham). After baseline measurements (heart rate variability) and a preliminary stimulation phase, they performed Stroop and go/no go tasks. Throughout the procedure, cardiac activity was recorded to obtain HRV parameters in different experimental conditions. Although performance differences were not identified in the tasks, the modulation of HRV parameters during the tasks indicates how taVNS can influence the balance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic systems during the execution of cognitive tasks. This effect is likely attributed to the taVNS acting on vagal tone, supporting the parasympathetic component.  

 The Impact of COVID infection on Cognition in 6-12 Year Old Children   
   
 Cheke, Lucy G | ; 
  Yeung, Sabine | ; 
  Zhang, Seraphina | ; 
  Weisblatt, Emma JL | ; 
  Bozic, Mirjana | ; 
  Hemsley, Zoe | ; 
  Guo, Panyuan 
    
 Long COVID is defined as the persistence of COVID-19 symptoms for more than 12 weeks following infection (NICE, 2022). This condition is estimated to affect nearly 2 million people in the UK (ONS, 2023). Long COVID patients experience symptoms affecting multiple organ systems (Davis et al., 2023; Raveendran et al., 2021) including the CNS, and Cognitive symptoms (Davis et al., 2021; Guo et al., 2022a) and deficits (Guo et al., 2022b; Hampshire et al., 2021) have been demonstrated in adult sufferers. Despite the condition occurring in 13% of children who contract COVID-19 (NICE, 2022) there is little research on the cognitive impacts of Long COVID in pediatric samples. This study explores memory (item- and associative) and language (semantic and syntactic) across 80 6-12 year olds with and without history of covid infection, relating these to parent-reported cognitive symptoms including brain fog and short-term memory problems.  

 Feature-based generalisation in sound pattern learning depends on phonetic motivation   
   
 Martin, Alexander | ; 
  White, James 
    
 It has been claimed that language learners are better at acquiring phonetically motivated phonological patterns compared to unmotivated patterns; this hypothesis is known as substantively biased phonological learning. We test this hypothesis by exposing French-speaking participants (n=120) to either a vowel harmony pattern (phonetically motivated) or a vowel disharmony pattern (comparable formal complexity but phonetically unmotivated) in an artificial language. Participants were trained with noun roots and a single suffix, but at test were required to add multiple suffixes to roots, including a novel suffix with a vowel unobserved during training. Although participants performed equally well when adding a single suffix, only those in the harmony condition generalized when adding two suffixes (including the held-out suffix). This work expands on previous research by showing feature-based generalization of harmony, but not disharmony, to novel affixes held out from training. It provides strong evidence for the substantively biased phonological learning account.  

 Implicit Bias in Language Models -- A Narrative Literature Review with Systematic Elements   
   
 Kiy, Kevin | ; 
  Lynott, Dermot | ; 
  O'Donoghue, Diarmuid 
    
 Implicit biases are a common source of prejudicial decision-making in society. While the use of language models might be intended to eliminate human bias and prevent harmful prejudice, they are trained on human-generated linguistic data and thus inherit human-like biased attitudes. We conducted a narrative review of implicit attitudes in linguistic models, drawing on literature from artificial intelligence, social psychology, and cognitive science. Drawn from experimental data, our findings suggest an important link between statistical patterns in language and the implicit biases displayed by people. While several efforts have been made to capture the levels of bias in language models, there is no contribution yet that focuses on the causal nature of the relationship between language and implicit bias in language models. This literature review highlights the state of the art in this growing field, identifies gaps in the literature, and showcases challenges for further research in the future.  

 How does culture affect immersion during narrative reading?   
   
 Wong, Ms. Tsz Chin | ; 
  Citron, Francesca M M 
    
 Proficient speakers of a second language (L2) show similar processing of affective content as native speakers, but reduced magnitude, later latency, and a less differentiated emotional neural response (e.g., Hsu et al., 2015). Because language and culture are intertwined, this study examined whether cultural relevance of short stories affects immersion during reading, independent of language proficiency. Hong Kong (HK) and Mainland Chinese (MLC) readers were exposed to identical short stories featuring events and traditions related to either culture. Their level of attention, transportation and emotional engagement after each story was measured using the Story World Absorption Scale (Kuijpers et al., 2014). Preliminary results show that HK participants were significantly more immersed in HK cultural stories than in MLC stories, especially when they described modern events. Instead, MLC participants showed no difference in immersion. The results will be discussed considering historical common origins and modern stark distinction between the two cultures.  

 Conflict drives information seeking: how prediction error influences updating of beliefs   
   
 Thiel, Felix | ; 
  Holm, Linus 
    
 Stochastic events in our daily environments, such as a missed bus or forgotten keys, require adaptive understanding for efficient exploitation of the environment. In this study we tested how humans acquire and use such understanding if the either the type or probability of events change. We asked 281 participants to predict the location of an animated fly, which hid from the observers. Over the first 10 trials we induced a strong prior model of the task environment and subsequently introduced stochastic changes and new content to manipulate the rate of model violations. Prediction errors derived from a specific world model drove information seeking actions, leading to new explanations and associated probability estimates. Current world model constrained possible updates, often only leading to partial investigation and suboptimal strategies, especially when behavior had positive utility. Additionally, evidence for accurate understanding but failure to identify and exploit ideal behavior was a characteristic result.  

 The neural basis of Event Segmentation Theory during naturalistic perception: stable neural activity patterns throughout the cortex   
   
 Oetringer, Djamari | ; 
  Gozukara, Dora | ; 
  Guclu, Umut | ; 
  Geerligs, Linda 
    
 Our senses receive a continuous stream of complex information. According to Event Segmentation Theory (EST), we parse this information into meaningful events, allowing us to extract relevant information, remember it, and act upon it. Previous research has related these events to so-called ‚Äòneural states': temporally and regionally specific stable patterns of brain activity, which tend to coincide with events in the stimulus. Here we show that these neural states additionally align with stable features in a movie stimulus that are relevant to a specific brain region. This supports the idea that many brain areas across the cortex apply event segmentation in a hierarchical manner. Using intracranial measurements, we further investigate whether neural states are present at a much smaller timescale and how their characteristics correspond to EST. Our findings provide support for the idea that neural states could underlie the cognitive skill of event segmentation.  

 People Need About Five Seconds to be Random: Autocorrelated Sampling Algorithms Can Explain Why   
   
 Castillo, Lucas | ; 
  Leon Villagra, Pablo | ; 
  Falben, Johanna | ; 
  Chater, Nick | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 Random generation studies have shown that people struggle to be unpredictable ‚Äì they slowly and effortfully produce autocorrelated sequences instead. However, true random processes (such as radioactive decay) are also not instantaneous. In this project we explore how long it takes people in a random generation task to be random. We do so in two experiments asking people to draw samples from naturalistic domains (lifespans and heights), manipulating either the rate of generation or the requirement to be random (within participants). Irrespective of pace or instructions, we find that people can produce a random sample every four to five seconds. Additionally, the time a person needs to produce random samples is consistent across conditions, but varies widely between people. Following previous literature, we model random generation performance as an autocorrelated sampling algorithm, giving a process level account of how people do these tasks and why they need time to be random.  

 Mood and social influence: the role of metacognitive ability   
   
 Karbuz, Cem | ; 
  Eskenazi, Terry 
    
 Others not only influence our behavior, but also our metacognitive evaluations of those behavior (i.e. decision confidence), even when feedback is random and uninformative. Here we ask if metacognitive ability to monitor reliability of one's decisions predicts social susceptibility. We also ask if mood (anxiety and depression) further modulates this effect. We gave 46 healthy participants a perceptual task and presented them with random social feedback (positive, negative, neutral). Participants rated their confidence in their decisions before and after feedback, and lastly had an opportunity to change their initial decisions. In a separate task we also measured their metacognitive abilities, as well as their anxiety and depression scores. Results showed metacognitive ability to increase susceptibility to random social feedback. Surprisingly for those with high levels of metacognitive ability anxiety exacerbates this effect, whereas depression suppresses it.  

 Sequence patterns in the recall of friendship relations   
   
 Kovacevic, Zoran | ; 
  Stadtfeld, Christoph 
    
 In social network research, free recall name generators are central tools for measuring individuals' perceptions of their social relationships. This study addresses the patterns that individuals exhibit when recalling their social relationships. Specifically, it examines the influence of social contexts, groups, and demographic factors on the order and relative sequences in which individuals are named. By analyzing responses of a friendship name generator in a longitudinal dataset of over 1000 students from the Swiss StudentLife study, we aim to shed light on the cognitive patterns that govern the recall of social bonds. The results shed light on how cognitive mechanisms shape perceived social networks and highlighted the importance of strong relations, similarity in characteristics, and group structures for their recall. The results show that memory is strongly influenced not only by the relationship between the nominator and the nominated person but also by the relationship between the nominated persons.  

 How does dependency type mediate gender agreement in Russian?   
   
 Ding, Cui | ; 
  Wilcox, Ethan Gotlieb | ; 
  Oguz, Metehan | ; 
  Fuchs, Zuzanna 
    
 Natural languages often exhibit agreement, where two words must be matched for certain features. It's well known that people use knowledge about agreement to drive expectations during online processing. What is less well known is how the type of dependency mediates this expectation and thus the processing difficulty of a gender-mismatched word. To test this, we collect incremental processing data on three types of gender agreement mismatches in Russian: (i) past-tense verbs and subjects, (ii) attributive adjectives and nouns, (iii) predicate adjectives and nouns. We collect two types of incremental processing data: eye-tracking and Mouse-Tracking-for-Reading (MoTR), in which a participant reveals and reads text by moving their mouse, whose position is recorded. We find that while participants are surprised by ungrammatical conditions, this is mediated both by the type of agreement as well as the gender of the agreeing noun.  

 Frequency interacts with lexicality during auditory lexical decision: Insights from diffusion drift modeling   
   
 He, Yifei | ; 
  Petukhova, Anna | ; 
  Yue, Prof. Dr. Jinxin 
    
 This study extends the application of Diffusion Drift Modeling (DDM) to examine the lexical access of monosyllabic Chinese real words and pseudo-words in an auditory lexical decision task. Here, the pseudo-words were constructed from phonological segments based on real words, allowing us to assess lexicality derived from suprasegmental information‚Äîspecifically, tones‚Äîand to match their frequency to that of corresponding base forms. Following Ratcliff (2004), we manipulated the drift rate to vary with log-transformed frequency and lexicality while maintaining other DDM parameters as constant. Our results revealed that pseudo-words generally led to slower drift rate compared to real words. Additionally, for real words, an increase in log-frequency was associated with higher drift rate, whereas for pseudo-words, an increase in frequency unexpectedly corresponded to lower drift rate. This differential impact of frequency on drift rate may suggest the distinct cognitive pathways activated in the processing of suprasegmental information in lexical access.  

 Modelling Cross-Situational Learning on Full Sentences in Few Shots with Simple RNNs   
   
 Hinaut, Xavier | ; 
  OOTA, SUBBA REDDY | ; 
  Variengien, Alexandre | ; 
  Alexandre, Frederic 
    
 How do children bootstrap language through noisy supervision? Most prior works focused on tracking co-occurrences between individual words and referents. We model cross-situational learning (CSL) at sentence level with few (1000) training examples. We compare reservoir computing (RC) and LSTMs on three datasets including complex robotic commands. For most experiments, reservoirs yield superior performance over LSTMs. Surprisingly, reservoirs demonstrate robust generalization when increasing vocabulary size: the error grows slowly. On the contrary, LSTMs are not robust: the number of hidden units needs to be dramatically increased to follow up vocabulary size increase, which is questionable from a biological or cognitive perspective. This suggests that that random projections used in RC helps to bootstrap generalization quickly. To our knowledge, this is a new result in developmental learning modelling. We analyse the evolution of internal representations during training of both recurrent networks and suggest why reservoir generalization seems more efficient.  

 Evaluating language model alignment with free associations   
   
 Wulff, Dirk U | ; 
  Hussain, Zak | ; 
  Aeschbach, Samuel | ; 
  Mata, Rui 
    
 The alignment between large language models and humans' knowledge and preferences is central to such tools' safe and fair deployment. A number of approaches to quantifying alignment exist, but current work is fragmented, preventing an overview across categories of stimuli and demographic groups. We propose that free associations from massive citizen-science projects can advance representational alignment by helping evaluate both content and demographic inclusivity. We assess the representational alignment of GPT-4 Turbo and data from the English Small World of Words Study (ca. 80.000 respondents, 3.7 million responses). Our results indicate that while the language model can capture some procedural signatures of human responses, it shows heterogeneous alignment across stimuli categories, poor representational alignment for controversial topics (e.g., religion, nationality), and differential representation of demographic groups (e.g., males, females). All in all, our work suggests that free association can be used to evaluate the representational alignment of large language models.  

 Causation on a continuum: normality effects on causal judgments   
   
 Miceli, Kaylee | ; 
  Van Rooy, Nina | ; 
  O'Neill, Kevin | ; 
  DeBrigard, Felipe 
    
 Imagine that a river becomes polluted if two plants generate too much waste. One might be more inclined to say that a plant caused the river to become polluted when it produced more waste than expected. While similar normality effects on causal judgments have been observed in cases with binary variables, little work has focused on cases with continuous variables. To test whether the statistical normality of continuous variables influences causal judgments, we had participants learn statistical norms over repeated iterations of a vignette and make a causal judgment about an instance of that vignette. Following Icard et al. (2017), we manipulated the causal structure and the normality of each cause. By testing whether normality effects on causal judgment generalize to cases with continuous variables, our results help determine whether these effects are central to human cognition, or simply apply to a subset of cases studied thus far.  

 A multitask model of concept learning and generalization   
   
 Muller, Dyana | ; 
  Piantadosi, Steven 
    
 Human cognition is highly flexible‚Äì even when posed with novel questions and situations, we are able to manipulate our existing knowledge to draw reasonable conclusions. All human cognition requires flexibility, yet we lack a well-justified computational explanation for how humans might learn and manipulate conceptual knowledge in a way that allows for cognitive flexibility. Here, we develop and test a neural network model of how humans learn and use concept representations. The core of this model frames concepts as latent vector representations that are learned through observations across multiple context domains. The architecture we propose gives rise to a natural mechanism for generalization of conceptual knowledge between familiar domains. This work integrates findings and methods across cognitive science, neuroscience, and machine learning, and holds promise to advance the understanding of conceptual representations within each of these fields.  

 How can we increase the use of interleaved study in self-regulated learning?   
   
 Kim, Yundeok | ; 
  Lee, Hee Seung 
    
 Learners are often unaware of effective learning strategies, hindering their actual utilization. We investigated intervention methods to increase the utilization of effective learning strategies in self-regulated learning settings, specifically focusing on the interleaving strategy in category learning. Undergraduate students were either informed or not about effective learning methods and studied painting styles of various artists in a self-paced order. In Experiment 1, participants who received instructions about specific goals and critical skills required for category learning at the beginning were more likely to recognize the importance of identifying between-artists differences, but did not necessarily increase interleaving during their study. In Experiment 2, however, participants provided with procedural and conditional metacognitive knowledge (i.e., why interleaving is effective and how to interleave exemplars) in the middle of their study significantly increased interleaved practices. Our findings suggest that enhancing metacognitive knowledge can help encourage the use of effective learning strategies in self-regulated learning.  

 Practicing deception does not make you better at handling it   
   
 Alister, Manikya | ; 
  Ransom, Keith James | ; 
  Perfors, Andrew 
    
 In social contexts, learners need to infer the knowledge and intentions of the information provider and vice-versa. In this study, we tested how well participants could infer the intentions of different information providers in the rectangle game, where a fictional information provider revealed clues about the structure of a rectangle that the learner (a participant) needed to guess. Participants received clues from either a helpful information provider, a provider who was randomly sampling clues, or one of two kinds of unhelpful providers (who could mislead but could not lie). We found that people learned efficiently and in line with the predictions of a Bayesian pedagogical model when the provider was helpful. However, although participants could identify that unhelpful providers were not being helpful, they struggled to learn the strategy those providers were using, even when they had the opportunity to practise being a deceptive information provider.  

 Young children recognise when others experience regret and relief   
   
 Jones, Alicia K | ; 
  Nelson, Nicole | ; 
  Gautam, Shalini | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 The counterfactual emotions of regret and relief arise from considering how the present would look had one taken an alternative past action. We investigated if 4- to 9-year-old children (N = 192) could identify others' regret and relief by watching videos of actors choosing between two boxes that concealed a better or worse prize. Each actor first looked inside the chosen box and made a happy or sad facial expression, and children were then shown the contents of that box. Critically, the actor then looked inside the non-chosen box and made either a happy or sad facial expression, and children were asked what they thought was inside. Children aged 6 years and older were able to identify that the non-chosen box concealed a better prize when the actor was sad, and a worse prize when the actor was happy. The abilities to experience and recognise counterfactual emotions may develop concurrently.  

 Superior Psychological Skills of Advanced Players in Esports: An Examination of Physiological Synchrony   
   
 Watanabe, Ken | ; 
  Saijo, Naoki | ; 
  Minami, Sorato | ; 
  Kashino, Makio 
    
 Video game competition, called esports, is an intriguing subject for the investigation of psychological skill differences between players; such skills are more weighted toward achieving optimal performance than physical skills are. We looked for differences in psychological skills between advanced and intermediate players and the kind of psychological skill that is critical for defining a player's skill level. We measured the physiological states of players in esports matches and found that the temporal heart rate pattern during competitive matches was highly correlated among advanced players, rather than among intermediate players or players of different levels. Additionally, physiological synchrony among advanced players decreased under sparring situations in which no winner or loser was determined. These results suggest that the unique superior psychological skills of advanced players are motivation control, which is characterized by the ability to maintain and demonstrate a high motivation to win.  

 Collateral benefits to others induce the representation of social interactions   
   
 Yin, Jun | ; 
  Ye, Qingqing | ; 
  Tatone, Denis 
    
 People readily identify interactions based on resource transfer, such as giving. In the present study, we examine whether adults bind two agents in an interactive unit even if one caused the other to gain a resource indirectly ‚Äî i.e., as a side effect of pursuing another outcome. Across five behavioral and EEG experiments, we found convergent signatures of social binding (change sensitivity and alpha-band suppression) when adults were presented with an action resulting in the collateral gain of a resource for a passive agent. No binding was observed when the action caused the collateral loss of the agent's pre-existing possession, revealing an asymmetry in how gains and losses are perceived to affect agents. Together, these findings suggest that adults interpret actions resulting in the provision of material gains as interactive, even when these are indirectly brought about.  

 The observation of giving induces infants to track individuals   
   
 Tatone, Denis | ; 
  Csibra, Gergely | ; 
  Yin, Jun 
    
 Recent evidence suggests that infants interpret giving as indicative of a relationship based on reciprocal exchange. Monitoring such a relationship requires tracking its participants irrespective of the role they occupy in a given interaction, as these are assumed to alternate over time. We explored this hypothesis in a label-mapping paradigm by testing whether 14-month-olds interpreted a trained label as referring to the features of an agent pointed at (a stable identity-tagging information) or to the action role it carried out (a temporary information). Across four eye-tracking experiments, infants consistently mapped the trained label onto the agent's features, when the agent gave a resource to someone. Superficial similar actions not resulting in social transfer (i.e., disposing of an object) did not induce such mapping. These findings suggest that the observation of giving highlighted identity-preserving information over transitory action roles, possibly due to the relational assumptions this action engendered.  

 The role of interaction in online language learning   
   
 Feher, Olga 
    
 Social interaction plays a fundamental role in language acquisition. Although adult learners can acquire language through passive instruction, they also benefit from interaction. We asked whether these benefits are due to interaction providing information about communicative context. We designed an online interactive game where participants communicated in an artificial language with a computer partner. We contrasted 3 conditions: a fully interactive condition, a passive condition in which participants learned through passive exposure, and a third condition, in which participants were exposed to the language in context but without involvement in interaction. We found that interaction produced the best results, and that mere exposure to context did not help: even when tested interactively, passive learners did better than participants who had been exposed to, but not involved in, interaction. The main benefit of interaction therefore, at least in an online learning environment, is not merely to provide context for language use.  

 Is masked syntactic priming unconscious?   
   
 Hernàndez-Gutiérrez, David | ; 
  Sorrel, Dr Miguel A. | ; 
  Shanks, David | ; 
  Vadillo, Dr Miguel A. 
    
 The automaticity of syntax has been a long-debated topic in psycholinguistics. One strategy to establish it involves finding significant evidence of syntactic priming in experimental tasks that restrict conscious awareness. Two common criteria to assess the unconscious nature of priming are that visibility (d') of masked words is not significantly different from zero, and that visibility is not positively correlated with the size of the priming effect. Unfortunately, these outcomes may also arise from low statistical power in visibility data and low reliability of dependent measures. We report results of a meta-analysis and a Bayesian re-analysis, which revealed low statistical power and evidence that "subliminal" words were actually visible for participants. Additionally, reliability analyses on Berkovitch and Dehaene's (2019) dataset showed that noisy measures may account for the lack of correlation between visibility and priming. These findings question the validity of previous results supporting the automatic nature of syntactic processing.  

 The neural dynamics of sudden insight in social perception   
   
 Maier, Martin | ; 
  Abdel Rahman, Rasha 
    
 Inferring mental states from faces during social perception is sensitive to context and higher-level semantic information. This is vividly observed in captioned humor, like memes, where a single line can dramatically reshape scene perception and understanding. This EEG-study explores the real-time neural dynamics of these sudden insights in social perception. Across three experimental phases (pre-insight, insight, post-insight), 40 participants viewed images of 120 scenes showing public figures. During the insight phase, humorous captions (e.g., "trying to set somebody on fire with his mind") either matched or mismatched the following image (e.g., a politician, mid-speech, rubbing his temples). Comparing event-related potentials between trials with vs. without sudden insight revealed distinct changes in the N170, early posterior negativity (EPN), and N400 components from pre-insight to insight phase. These results link sudden, humorous insight in social perception to instant alterations in visual processing, fast affective responses, and higher-level semantic processing.  

 Cognitive deficits and enhancements in youth from adverse conditions: An integrative assessment using Drift Diffusion Modeling in the ABCD study   
   
 Vermeent, Stefan 
    
 Childhood adversity (e.g., poverty, violence exposure) has been associated with broad cognitive deficits as well as with cognitive adaptations in specific abilities. Integrating these perspectives requires a process-level understanding of how deficit and adaptation processes operate. We investigated how adversity was associated with inhibition, attention shifting, and mental rotation in the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) study (N ‚âà 10,500). Using Hierarchical Bayesian Drift Diffusion Modeling, we distinguished between speed of information uptake, response caution, and stimulus encoding/response execution. We further used structural equation modeling to isolate task-general and task-specific variances in each of these processing stages. Youth with more exposure to household threat showed slower task-general processing speed, but showed intact task-specific abilities. In addition, youth with more exposure to household threat and material deprivation tended to respond more cautiously in general. These findings suggests that traditional assessments might overestimate the extent to which childhood adversity reduces specific abilities.  

 Comparing the effect of single outliers and outlier clusters on trend estimation in scatterplots   
   
 Saydƒ±r, Özgür | ; 
  Boduroglu, Aysecan 
    
 Scatterplots are commonly used data visualizations to depict relationships between variables. There are inconsistent findings in the literature regarding how outliers in scatterplots affect trendline estimates. Correll & Heer (2017) found no difference for trendline estimations between the no-outlier and the outlier conditions consisting of a separate group of items creating an outlier cluster. However, Ciccione et al. (2022) showed that single outlier points might be included in trendline estimations. To investigate whether an outlier cluster was perceived as a salient and separate unit and thus excluded from the remaining data points, we directly compared the effects of single and multiple outliers on trendline estimations, controlling for correlation strength, outlier position and trend direction. Participants drew trendlines. We found that participants included single outliers more than they've included outlier clusters into the trendlines; this pattern was similar across all other control variables; suggesting grouping might play a role in this process.  

 Randomly Generating Stereotypes: Can We Understand Implicit Attitudes with Random Generation?   
   
 Falben, Johanna | ; 
  Castillo, Lucas | ; 
  Leon Villagra, Pablo | ; 
  Chater, Nick | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 Societal expectations have been found to determine which social roles (e.g., jobs) people should occupy. Previously, however, these beliefs have been mainly explored using implicit measures such as sequential priming tasks where responding to expected (vs. conflicting) information is facilitated. We applied a random generation paradigm where participants said aloud the first names of hypothetical people working in various professions. This revealed that more female (male) first names were uttered for the female-typical (male-typical) occupations reflecting the societal gender stereotypes and the environmental statistics. Furthermore, the proportion of female and male names generated for each profession predicted participants' performance in a sequential priming task (prime = professions from random generation task, target = female vs. male face) better than the environmental statistics or participants' explicit gender ratio estimates of these jobs. Collectively, these findings offer a new method for exploring the internal representations elicited by cultural expectations.  

 Can children leverage consensus and source independence to get better advice?   
   
 Stanciu, Oana | ; 
  Ruggeri, Azzurra 
    
 Young children, like adults, conform to group consensus. However, it is unclear when children develop more sophisticated intuitions about how the composition of groups, the way in which they acquire and aggregate information, impacts advice quality. This experiment assessed children's developing sensitivity to source independence - that is, do they understand that statistically independent sources of information are more valuable than correlated ones? Children (5-to-11-year-olds, N=106) and teenagers and adults (N=99) played a space exploration game in which they made multiple 2AFC decisions based on the advice of 8 friendly aliens. Across trials and participants, we manipulated consensus (the relative number of advisers endorsing each option) and source diversity (the relative number of independent advisers endorsing each option). Results indicated that children were able to detect the correlations between sources, but their ability to exploit this knowledge was late emerging, likely in the early adolescence years.  

 Uncertainty-driven little alchemists: Differences in exploration strategies between adults and children in an online game   
   
 Brändle, Franziska | ; 
  Kessler, Silja | ; 
  Ruggeri, Azzurra | ; 
  Schulz, Eric 
    
 Past research examining developmental differences in exploration behavior has shown that children are more likely than adults to seek out uncertainty. However, children's exploration behavior may be shaped by their distinct prior experiences and assumptions, differing from those of adults. We investigate these differences and their potential impact on exploration, using the game ‚ÄúLittle Alchemy‚Äù, in which players can create new elements (e.g. clay) by combining previously discovered elements (e.g. stone and mud). Previous work found that adults use an empowerment strategy: They combine elements with the goal of creating new elements with the potential for many successful combinations. We observed that children were less likely to use an empowerment strategy, but relied more on their uncertainty compared to adults. This discrepancy decreased over age. In a follow-up experiment, we showed that this difference was indeed due to children using different strategies rather than the influence of different semantic priors.  

 Are toddlers intrinsically motivated to explore their own competence?   
   
 Fascendini, Bella | ; 
  Zhao, Bonan | ; 
  Vélez, Natalia A 
    
 Children are keen explorers of the world: They systematically explore surprising findings and test hypotheses during play. However, less is known about whether toddlers are similarly driven to learn about the self. Here, we ask whether toddlers are intrinsically motivated to explore their own competence. In ongoing work, 2-year-olds (N = 12) play Montessori practical life games along with their parents; toys were verified to be equally appealing and challenging to toddlers in an independent norming experiment (N = 14). Within each pair, parents guide the toddler's hands while playing with one toy, which provides ambiguous information about the toddler's competence, and take turns playing with the other toy independently, which provides unambiguous information. Toddlers are then offered both toys to freely explore independently. Preliminary results show that toddlers explored the ambiguous toy first in 71% of the 31 trials, suggesting that toddlers seek out opportunities to learn about their competence.  

 AI Advice-Taking in Financial Decision-Making: The Role of Preference on Advice Integration   
   
 Musso, Constanza 
    
 Humans systematically make poor financial judgments, a problem that can be mitigated with advice, whether it be from humans or, increasingly, artificial intelligence (AI). Yet, one potential obstacle in human-AI interaction is algorithm aversion, where people prefer humans over AI advisors. However, whether this preference affects the integration of advice remains unclear. We investigate AI advice integration in financial judgements and its underlying psychological drivers. In two studies, participants (N=716) engaged in incentivised investments, receiving AI or human advice. Results showed that participants integrated AI and human advice similarly, even if they preferred human advice. However, those with strong preferences integrated information better from their preferred source. We further find that different psychological factors impact preferences and advice integration, suggesting that advice preference and advice integration are independent of each other. These findings highlight the potential for AI to enhance financial judgements, even among individuals averse to its use.  

 The Long-Term Impact of Cognitive Training on Risk-Reward Trade-Offs   
   
 Ubiali, Anna | ; 
  Jarvstad, Andreas 
    
 Decision-making often involves a trade-off between risks and rewards, for which humans are susceptible to biases. Cognitive training could facilitate these processes, but, for applicability outside the lab, it needs to persist over time. In this double-blind study, participants were split into treatment and control groups to complete a decision-making task involving monetary gambles. All participants completed pre-training (Day 1), training (Day 2-7), and several post-training sessions (up to 6 months). During training, one group was given feedback to promote risk-neutral choice (treatment), whereas the other merely practiced the task (control). Following training, choices in the treatment group were significantly more risk-neutral than in the control group (with no improvements), and this pattern was replicated up to 6 months without any top-up training. Computational modeling revealed a complex pattern of change in the feedback group ‚Äì whereby participants' initial risk preferences partially determined the effect of training on their post-training preferences.  

 Assessing model-based and model-free Pavlovian-instrumental transfer using a novel two-stage paradigm   
   
 Wirth, Laura Alexandra | ; 
  Schad, Daniel J. 
    
 Computational reinforcement learning models suggest that learning involves both model-free (MF) reward prediction errors and model-based (MB) state prediction errors, observed in instrumental and Pavlovian learning (Daw et al., 2011; Schad et al., 2020). Pavlovian-instrumental transfer (PIT) demonstrates Pavlovian values impacting instrumental responses. Single-lever PIT paradigms, often considered as MF, show correlations with reduced MB instrumental control (Garbusow et al., 2014; Review Cartoni et al., 2016; Sebold et al., 2016). To explore whether single-lever PIT effects are exclusively MF or also MB, we created a novel two-stage paradigm assessing MF and MB control trial by trial. Computational dual-control model simulations revealed a two-way interaction for MF and a three-way interaction for MB PIT. Thus far, Bayesian sequential analysis using Savage-Dickey density ratios (N=10) suggests the existence of MF (BF=3.93) and MB (BF=1.26) influences on PIT, aligning with Pavlovian learning and emphasizing the role of MB computations in single-lever PIT tasks.  

 The Cognitive Components of Complex Planning   
   
 Lin, Xinlei (Daisy) | ; 
  Ma, Wei Ji 
    
 Planning in complex environments is crucial in everyday life, yet the underlying cognitive abilities remain unclear. We investigated this through an online experiment (n=476) where participants completed nine cognitive tasks: Raven's Matrices, Mental Rotation, Corsi Block Task, Change-Detection Task, Pattern Recognition Task, Wisconsin Card Sorting Task, a complex two-player game called Four-in-a-Row, and two simpler planning tasks. We found moderate correlations across most metrics, aligning with existing literature on cognitive interconnectivity. Notably, performance in the Four-in-a-Row game significantly correlated with all other tasks, implying a shared cognitive basis for planning, regardless of task complexity. Additionally, latent variable analysis revealed distinct factors underlying planning in different state spaces, with working memory capacity playing a crucial role in navigating larger spaces. These findings shed light on the cognitive architecture of complex planning.  

 Can a Causal Relational Matching-to-Sample Task Reveal Abstract Reasoning Abilities in Preschool Children?   
   
 Felsche, Elisa | ; 
  Maurits, Luke | ; 
  Haun, Daniel Benjamin Moritz 
    
 The relational matching-to-sample task (RMTS) is a gold standard in measuring abstract concepts. Most preschoolers and non-human animals do not spontaneously succeed in the classic, two-item version of the task. It is debated whether this failure indicates a lack of abstract reasoning ability, perhaps linked to limited language capabilities, or rather stems from learned biases for other bases of matching. We developed a physical, causal RMTS task for 4- to 5-year-old children based on matching the weight relations within object pairs by asking them to align two balance scale apparatuses. We presented conflicting object matches in half of the trials and a transfer phase with a new set of stimuli. By age five, children benefitted from the causal context of the task, suggesting that not solely abstract reasoning abilities but other factors, like biases to match individual object features, influence their performance in classic arbitrary RMTS tasks.  

 Recognising the future utility of a solution: When do children choose to retain and share an object to solve a future problem?   
   
 Ockerby, Zoe | ; 
  Suddendorf, Thomas | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 Recognising the future utility of a solution is fundamental to our capacity for innovation. However, developmental research has thus far focused on children's capacity to create solutions, rather than recognise existing solutions with ongoing utility. We examined children's capacity to retain and share a solution that would be useful again in the future. Across two rooms, 4- to 9-year-olds (N=83) were given a series of time-based tasks which could be solved by building and using a tool. When given the opportunity to transport a tool between the first and second rooms, children from age 6 onwards retained the tool that would be useful again above chance levels. When subsequently asked to secure a solution for another child, only 8- to 9-year-olds chose this tool above chance. Positive age-partialled correlations between children's retaining and sharing behaviours suggest that these behaviours may reflect a common underlying capacity for recognising future utility.  

 The key property of frequency distributions that facilitates linguistic rule generalisation is long-tailedness   
   
 Pankratz, Elizabeth | ; 
  Kirby, Simon | ; 
  Culbertson, Jennifer 
    
 Generalisation of a linguistic rule can be facilitated by certain distributional characteristics. Previous work has shown that a rule is better generalised if it applies to items that (i) follow a skewed frequency distribution, or (ii) follow a uniform frequency distribution over many distinct item types. These two observations cannot be unified under explanations of rule generalisation that are based on entropy of the frequency distributions (since skewed distributions have low entropy, while a greater type count increases the entropy), nor explanations that focus on one highly-frequent type providing a basis for analogical extension (since all types in uniform distributions are equally frequent). Using an artificial language learning experiment and an agent-based model, we show that participants' generalisation behaviour is best matched by a model encoding preferential generalisation of rules containing long-tailed distributions‚Äîthat is, containing a greater number of low-frequency types.  

 Rounding and magnitude: Pragmatic halos are bigger for larger numbers   
   
 Winter, Bodo | ; 
  Woodin, Greg | ; 
  Lorson, Alexandra 
    
 Round numbers are often interpreted approximately (Krifka, 2002), with "pragmatic halos" (Lasersohn, 1999) that encompass multiple permissible values. For example, stating "there were 200 people at the meeting" would be acceptable even if the exact count were 197 or 204. In line with the idea that larger numbers have more approximate representations (e.g., Cheyette & Piantadosi, 2020), we demonstrate that rounding and pragmatic halos are magnitude-dependent. First, an analysis of every single number in two large corpora (COCA, BNC) shows that indicators of rounding predict frequency (cf. Woodin et al., 2023), but crucially in interaction with magnitude, with round numbers over-represented for larger magnitudes. Second, we show that jigsaw puzzles often systematically deviate from what is advertised on the box in a way that depends on magnitude, e.g., a 1,000-piece puzzle may contain 1,024 pieces, whereas a 50-piece puzzle is more likely to contain the stated value exactly.  

 Do linguistic distributional information and constituent sensorimotor similarity affect people's comprehension of novel noun-noun compounds?   
   
 Lynott, Dermot | ; 
  Connell, Louise | ; 
  Lakhzoum, Dounia 
    
 Combining words in new ways is a hallmark of linguistic generativity. Previous work has shown that people's understanding of novel noun-noun combinations is influenced by the linguistic distributional information associated with a compound's constituents - words closer in semantic space are more likely to be judged as sensible/interpretable, and processed more quickly, than constituents that are further apart in semantic space. We extend this work by investigating whether two levels of linguistic distributional knowledge (first-order local co-occurrences, second-order contextual similarity), and the sensorimotor similarity of the constituents, impact people's processing effort. In two experimental studies, we found that linguistic distributional information facilitated processing of novel combinations for both shallow sensibility judgements, and deeper interpretation generation. Effects were stronger for interpretation generation, and for distributional measures, but these effects were mediated by the concrete/abstract nature of a compound's head noun. The findings support embodied theories that propose a strong role for linguistic distributional information.  

 Involuntary Mental Time Travel Occurrences: Differences Between Self-Caught and Probe-Caught Paradigms   
   
 Sülün, Güler Zeynep 
    
 Involuntary mental time travel (MTT) is spontaneously reliving past events or envisioning future scenarios without conscious effort. We explored the phenomenological characteristics and contents of self-caught and probe-caught spontaneous thoughts, focusing on involuntary MTTs. These paradigms differ in the meta-awareness they demand, which may affect the nature of the captured thoughts, especially under attentional load. During a vigilance task with different attentional loads, participants reported their thoughts as they realized them (self-caught) or when the task prompted them (probe-caught). They then completed questionnaires regarding their thoughts' phenomenological characteristics. We predict that self-caught thoughts will have a higher proportion of involuntary MTTs, marked by episodic and self-related content. Under high attentional load, involuntary MTTs are expected to comprise a larger proportion of reported thoughts in both paradigms. Investigating the characteristics of spontaneous thoughts and their modulation by attentional load contributes to a deeper understanding of the metacognitive processes underlying involuntary MTTs.  

 Does implicit mentalising involve the representation of others' mental state content? Examining domain-specificity with an adapted Joint Simon task: A registered report   
   
 Wong, Malcolm Ka Yu | ; 
  Bazhydai, Marina | ; 
  Hartley, Calum | ; 
  Wang, Jessica 
    
 Implicit mentalising involves the automatic awareness others' perspectives. The Joint Simon task demonstrates this as a Joint Simon Effect (JSE): A spatial compatibility effect is elicited more strongly in a Joint Simon versus an Individual go/no-go task. The JSE may stem from spontaneous action co-representation of a social partner's frame-of-reference, which creates a spatial overlap between stimulus-response location in the Joint (but not Individual) task. However, JSE's domain-specificity is debated. We investigated the potential content of co-representation during task-sharing‚Äîtypical geometric stimuli were replaced with two coloured sets of animal silhouettes. Each set was assigned to either the participant themselves or their partner. Critically, a surprise image recognition task followed, aiming to identify any partner-driven effects in incidental memory exclusive to the Joint task-sharing condition, versus the Individual condition. Bayesian statistics indicated a robust absence of the key JSE, limiting interpretations of incidental memory findings, with implications regarding JSE's replicability.  

 Testing the persuasiveness of meme based arguments by analogy   
   
 Horne, Zachary | ; 
  Doumas, Leonidas A. A. | ; 
  Hallin, Katherine 
    
 Psychologists have noted that analogical reasoning is pervasive in argumentation (Kuhn, 1992; Holyoak, 1997), but the forms these arguments can take varies substantially. Memes are one common format or argument-by-analogy. Memes are widely recognized images or templates that compares two situations to each other for the purpose of making some (often questionable) point. Even though memes-as-arguments are readily visible on social media, the persuasiveness of this category of argument-by-analogy---and specifically the features that predict their persuasiveness---have not been established. This study investigates whether and in what ways arguments by analogy, delivered in the form of a meme, are persuasive. We develop a large set of memes representing common meme structures, political leaning, and familiarity and examined how these factors predict a meme's perceived clarity, persuasiveness, and memorability, along with these memes effects on beliefs about issues such as climate change, immigration, and racism.  

 What can language tell us about anxiety: A novel emotion Stroop task   
   
 Hussain, Alina | ; 
  Hsiao, Yaling 
    
 A plethora of research has identified that undergraduate students experience higher levels of general anxiety disorder (GAD) with questionnaires primarily being used diagnose students. However, the potential for linguistic analysis and the emotional Stroop test as measurements of GAD remains unexplored, especially if both were to be used together. The present study aimed to produce a novel measure of GAD using both linguistic measures and the emotional Stroop task. This research study employed a quantitative approach and an experimental research design. A volunteer sample of 17 undergraduate students completed an online questionnaire, a written task, and an emotional Stroop task distributed via social media and the University of Birmingham Research Participation Scheme. This study produced a novel questionnaire for GAD and was utilised as a baseline measure. This study used two independent T-tests to measure the overall sentiment of written responses of participants and the frequency of first-person singular pronouns in written response. Additionally, two independent T-tests were used to measure reaction times and accuracy on the emotional Stroop Task. The findings highlighted no statistical differences between higher and lower levels of GAD and linguistic responses and reaction times and accuracy on the emotional Stroop test, suggesting that the measures utilised in the present study may not be able to predict GAD. As such, the findings of this study underscore the complexity of GAD and extend our understanding of GAD measurements. By illuminating the emotional, behavioural and cognitive factors of GAD, this study advocates for more awareness in university settings and proactive support for undergraduate students.  

 Advanced Readability Estimation through Educational Content Complexity   
   
 Ehara, Yo 
    
 This study introduces an innovative approach to readability assessment, integrating cognitive science principles with artificial intelligence to evaluate text comprehensibility. Traditional methods of determining text readability have largely focused on surface-level features, neglecting educational complexity and curriculum alignment of the content. This study proposes a novel method that employs large language models (LLMs) to assess text difficulty by considering content depth and its alignment with educational standards. By leveraging the extensive knowledge encapsulated in LLMs, the method evaluates whether the content of the text corresponds to a specific educational level, ranging from elementary to university. Our readability assessment method provides a more nuanced understanding of text accessibility. The difficulty of the text content is assessed using a combination of language resources to measure the amount of scientific knowledge contained in the text. It promises to enhance educational resources' alignment with learners' capabilities, facilitating more effective learning experiences.  

 Testing a dynamic field model of infant visual attention   
   
 Spencer, John | ; 
  Stuart, Stacey 
    
 Many infant experiences are both visual and auditory in nature, but what is the role of auditory cues in visual attention? Using a Dynamic Field model of infant visual attention, we generated simulations of infant looking behaviour in both a tone and no tone version of the Infant Orienting With Attention (IOWA) task. The DF model predicted a significant difference in reaction times and accuracy between the tone and no tone groups with the tone group faster and less accurate. To test this, we ran the IOWA task with 70 infants between 4 and 10 months of age randomly assigned to either a tone or no tone condition. There were no significant between-group differences. We explore these empirical findings using the dynamic field model, extending the model in two directions. First, we utilise Tensorflow tools to optimise the model parameters, and second, we fit the model parameters to individuals.  

 Subjective Frequency Ratings for 277 LSU Signs   
   
 Dutra, Martín | ; 
  Aguirre, Roberto 
    
 Several studies show that lexical frequency influences linguistic processing and, when uncontrolled, can confound the results of psycholinguistic experiments. Given the scarcity of solid frequency data for sign languages, this study aims to know the subjective frequency of 277 signs of the Uruguayan Sign Language (LSU). The study is available online (its source code is publicly available) and allows the collection of frequency estimates. This tool was validated by running the experiment with Rioplatense Spanish words and comparing the estimates with measures of objective frequency based on corpora and reaction times observed in lexical decision tasks. The results will allow us to know the variation of frequency according to typical variables in psycholinguistic studies, such as region, age, and ethnicity, and according to variables more typical of sign language studies, such as the age of language acquisition, use of the language at home, and the educational background of the participants.  

 Common sense reasoning about credibility   
   
 Hu, Peiyao | ; 
  Ho, Mark K 
    
 We often rely on others' testimony when learning about new topics, such as health benefits of a novel food. However, the sources are not always knowledgeable, helpful, or unbiased, necessitating an assessment of their credibility. Here, we present a Bayesian model of source credibility, where a listener simultaneously infers the expertise and intention of the source while trying to discern the truth. A key prediction is that rational inference of credibility requires anchoring it on some kernel of shared knowledge. We consider a scenario where both parties have noisy access to the ground truth of familiar topics (e.g., is broccoli healthy?), which serves as a basis for reasoning about a source's credibility on novel topics (e.g., is avocado healthy?). This approach provides a computational framework for understanding how people respond to information in domains like science communication and media consumption.  

 Modeling auditory voice recognition improvements by face simulation   
   
 Gumbsch, Christian | ; 
  Butz, Martin V. | ; 
  von Kriegstein, Katharina 
    
 Voice identity recognition in auditory-only conditions is facilitated by knowing the face of the speaker. This effect is called the ‚Äòface-benefit'. Based on neuroscience findings, we hypothesized that this benefit emerges from two factors: First, a generative world model integrates information from multiple senses to better predict the sensory dynamics. Second, the model substitutes absent sensory information, e.g., facial dynamics, with internal simulations. We have developed a deep generative model that learns to simulate such multisensory dynamics, developing latent speaker characteristic contexts. We trained our model on synthetic audio-visual data of talking faces and tested its ability to recognize speakers from their voice only. We found that the model recognizes previously seen speakers better than previously unseen speakers when given their voice only. The modeling results confirm that multisensory simulations and predictive substitutions of missing visual inputs result in the face-benefit  

 Do Rhymes Enhance Memory Processes? Real word and pseudoword recall in rhyming conditions   
   
 Finta, Klàra E. | ; 
  Fitch, Tecumseh 
    
 Rhyme is regarded as a powerful mnemonic device that facilitates cognitive processing. Previous studies mainly examined rhyme-perception development in the case of children (e.g., Kiràly et al., 2017); thus, instead, the present research focuses on information-recall processes in the adult population. In cultural transmission processes, rhyme and memory are closely connected (cf. Kirby et al., 2008); therefore, there is a need for research investigating whether and how the adult population's recall ability is enhanced by rhymes to gain a better understanding of the rhyme‚Äìmemory relationship. The present study examines whether rhyming words are more likely to be recalled than their non-rhyming counterparts. Results suggest that rhymes affect short- and long-term consolidation of real words and pseudowords in the case of adult participants (N = 38). By gaining insight into recall processes related to rhyming, it may be possible to understand information retrieval procedures in the context of cognitive poetics.  

 The Effects of Repetition on Truth Judgments and Confidence for Statements with Different Truth Values   
   
 Saniz Balderrama, Derin Eda | ; 
  Eskenazi, Terry | ; 
  Oƒüuz Ta≈üba≈ü, Esra 
    
 People tend to judge repeated information as more veridical, referred to as the Illusory Truth Effect (ITE). While recent findings show that the effect is still observed when we ‚Äúknow better‚Äù, how episodic experiences influence ITE and how metacognitive judgment (i.e. subjective confidence) of one's response changes with repetition remains unclear. To address this question participants watched a video and then judged the truth value of statements about the video, presented in varied repetitions (0,1,4). We compared truth and confidence judgments of repeated items that were false, true, or unknowable. We found that for true statements repetition increased confidence and truth judgments. For false items, it increased only confidence leaving truth judgments unaffected. Conversely for unknowable items, repetition increased truth judgments but not confidence. These results suggest that based on information's congruence with memory references, its repetition impacts truth and confidence judgments differentially.  

 The strength of a universal   
   
 Knowlton, Tyler | ; 
  Trueswell, John | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna 
    
 Generalizations that hold across all languages (linguistic universals) provide important insights into cognition, language, and learning. In semantics, the best-known universal is determiner conservativity: the truth of sentences like ‚Äúevery/most/some/no fish swim(s)‚Äù depends only on the determiner's first argument (‚Äúfish‚Äù). This rules out cross-linguistically unattested determiners (e.g., ‚Äúequi fish swims‚Äù meaning ‚Äòthe fish and the swimmers are numerically equivalent' isn't conservative because both fish and swimmers matter). Zuber & Keenan (2019) propose a weakening of conservativity: determiners depend on their first OR second argument, but not both. Which constraint do learners obey? We test whether adults are able to learn novel determiners that are classically non-conservative but are conservative on the weakened view. We compare these ‚Äòweakly conservative' cases against novel determiners that are conservative on both views and non-conservative on both views. We find that adults can learn conservative meanings, but not weakly conservative meanings, supporting the classical understanding.  

 Investigating Exemplar-Based Processes in Quantitative Judgments: A Multi-Method Approach   
   
 Seitz, Florian I | ; 
  Albrecht, Rebecca | ; 
  von Helversen, Bettina | ; 
  Rieskamp, Jörg | ; 
  Rosner, Agnes 
    
 People judge an object's criterion value by relying on its similarity to previously experienced objects, the so-called exemplars. This work investigates exemplar-based processes in quantitative judgments by applying cognitive modeling to data from an eye-tracking experiment. Participants (N = 49) first learned the criterion value and location on the screen of each of four exemplars. Then, they assessed the criterion value of briefly presented test stimuli, and eye-tracking measured the gaze proportion to the now blank exemplar locations (looking-at-nothing). Participants who showed more looking-at-nothing also relied more on exemplars according to cognitive modeling of the test phase responses in the RulEx-J framework. Furthermore, looking-at-nothing was directed in particular at locations of exemplars similar to the test stimulus. Our multi-method approach thus suggests tight links between eye-tracking and cognitive modeling. The insights from process-tracing methods might be particularly valuable, when cognitive modeling cannot distinguish between alternative processes to perform quantitative judgments.  

 Can People Accurately Draw Statistical Inferences from Dot Plots?   
   
 Jaramillo, Sara | ; 
  Rottman, Benjamin 
    
 What sorts of graphical formats best convey effect size and degree of certainty of a finding? Confidence intervals are commonly used to show uncertainty, yet lay people and experts fail to correctly interpret their meaning. There has been a recent push to present individual data points rather than only presenting aggregated summary statistics (e.g., means, confidence intervals, lines of best fit). But it is unclear how well people can aggregate raw data presented in a graphical format. Across two studies, we presented participants with hypothetical study outcomes of two independent groups in three graph styles: dot plots, mean with 95% confidence interval (CI) plots, combined plots, and bee plots. We asked participants to make judgments about the effect size using the Common Language Effect Size or Bayes Factors. Participants were more likely to underestimate effect sizes and Bayes Factors for dot plots and bee plots compared to mean + 95% CI plots and combined plots. These findings suggest that people have trouble making statistical inferences when presented with raw data points in graphs.  

 Nonuniversal foraging behavior in semantic networks   
   
 Brown, Kevin | ; 
  Rueckl, Jay | ; 
  Saltzman, Elliot | ; 
  Magnuson, James | ; 
  McRae, Ken | ; 
  YEE, EILING 
    
 To what degree does semantic foraging probe semantic network structure? We use a combination of foraging experiments (animals, concrete nouns) and simulations on networks based on nine approaches to semantic similarity to address this question. In data and simulations, we find a significant bias towards naming semantically similar items, and significant correlations between inter-naming time and semantic distance. In previous foraging experiments, a roughly power law distribution with a Lévy range exponent was found in the distribution of inter-naming intervals. We find the value of this exponent is not universal but is sensitive to the search space size in that the exponent decreases (moving further into the Lévy range) as the number of nameable items is exhausted. Moreover, these exponents are not unique to semantic networks but appear in censored random walks on other graphs. Our combined experimental results and simulations provide insights into the topology of semantic memory.  

 The Dynamic Nature of Procrastination   
   
 Zhang, Peiyuan | ; 
  Lin, Yijun | ; 
  Lieder, Falk | ; 
  Ma, Wei Ji 
    
 Procrastination is often characterized as minimal progress initially, with a significant increase in progress shortly before the deadlines. Yet, the cognitive mechanisms underlying this intriguing dynamic feature of procrastination‚Äîthe time course of progress‚Äîremain poorly understood. We investigated this through an experiment where participants worked on a self-paced, week-long online reading task consisting of numerous work units (N = 611). We proposed two models that fit each individual's time course of progress. Both models consider the time course of progress as the output of sequential decision-making: whether to work now (and, if so, how much) or later. The first, a normative model, calculates the value of making progress using the Bellman equation; the second, a roll-out model, estimates this value by simulating future work progress. We found that the rollout model fit the data much better, suggesting some evidence against people behaving rationally and some evidence for people simulating future work progress.  

 Supporting student self-regulation in virtual tutoring through emotionally intelligent cognitive architecture   
   
 Samsonovich, Alexei V | ; 
  Kitsantas, Anastasia 
    
 Modern intelligent tutoring systems, exploiting technological advances in augmented and virtual reality and large language models, offer fluent natural language interaction between a virtual character and a student complemented with a multimodal interface, including recognition and synthesis of affects and intentions expressed in speech tonality, facial expression, gaze, and body language. Being concerned with consumer satisfaction, developers of such systems often miss the educational needs. Here we present a Virtual Tutor that, using the above technologies, helps students to self-regulate during learning. This is made possible based on the self-regulated learning theory integrated into an emotional cognitive architecture. Virtual Tutor uses its emotional intelligence to model, guide, and motivate students to engage in self-regulation. It does it in parallel with performing the basic tutoring functions. Results of our preliminary study provide some evidence of support for Virtual Tutor. This work was supported by the Russian Science Foundation Grant #22-11-00213, https://rscf.ru/en/project/22-11-00213/.  

 Spontaneous Algorithms of Hierarchical Behavior Across Age and Species   
   
 Dedhe, Abhishek | ; 
  Kulshrestha, Karishma Nicole | ; 
  Piantadosi, Steven | ; 
  Cantlon, Jessica 
    
 Dendrophilia ‚Äî a widespread proclivity toward hierarchical behavior ‚Äî has long been argued to be central to human cognitive uniqueness. Alternative views emphasize the developmental and evolutionary continuity of complex hierarchical psychological processes with simpler sequencing mechanisms. We investigated the predispositions of human adults and 3-to-6-year-old children to spontaneously generate hierarchical patterns in an open-ended sequence generation task. We also compared the human ability to learn hierarchical patterns with that of rhesus macaques and carrion crows. Our Bayesian mixture model quantified the extent to which distinct mechanisms ‚Äî associative chaining, linear iteration, queues, and stacks ‚Äî were implicated in hierarchical behavior. Our results suggest that hierarchical behavior is possible across species. It emerges early in cognitive development and may be scaffolded by simpler cognitive processes that eventually increase in representational and computational complexity. Thus, our findings contradict the dendrophilia hypothesis and point to shared psychological processes underpinning hierarchical behavior.  

 Acquiring Mastery: An Autoethnographic Case Study on Self-Directed Skill Attainment in Competitive eSports   
   
 Phillips, Noah 
    
 While it is difficult to find and persuade research participants to invest the famous 10,000 hours of practice necessary to develop expertise in any given task, one can more easily commit oneself to such a devoted undertaking. Through autoethnographic observation, the author, a retired semi-professional eSports competitor with no experience or knowledge of the new competitive eSport game Street Fighter 6, documented and livestreamed months of gameplay sessions as he acquired expertise and rose through the ranks of the game's competitive online mode, striving to reach the game's highest ranking of ‚ÄúMaster.‚Äù The author critically examines the strategies and practices most useful for optimizing learning and performance ‚Äì illustrating the contributions of reflexivity and reflection that are often overlooked in laboratory experimentation. Overall, this work demonstrates how autoethnographic insights developed ‚Äúin the streets,‚Äù when combined with empirical research in the lab, contribute to a fuller picture of learning and expertise.  

 Rethinking Inference: A Multidimensional Model of Inference for Human and Nonhuman Animals   
   
 Newen, Albert | ; 
  Sreckovic, Sanja 
    
 Traditional conceptions of inference emphasize explicit following of logical rules, often tied to the possession of natural language, thereby implying that non-human animals cannot make inferences. However, comparative research shows extensive evidence of the success of several species of non-human animals in nonverbal reasoning tasks, putting pressure on the traditional view. We deny two traditional assumptions about inference: the lingualism of thought, and the requirement of explicit rule following. We suggest instead a multidimensional model of inference illustrated through several case studies. Thereby, we categorize informational transfers across three dimensions by marking the degree of context-independence, the format of representation, and the type of perspectivity involved. By allowing for a more nuanced interpretation of empirical data than the traditional view, our framework is able to accommodate inferential behaviors of both linguistic and non-linguistic agents, and shed light on varied manifestations of inference across species and developmental stages.  

 Repair in Children's Language Acquisition: Universal Principles and Patterns of Variation   
   
 Feurstein, Liudmyla | ; 
  Stoll, Sabine 
    
 We study repair in child-directed, child-surrounding and child speech in longitudinal corpora of 4 languages: English, Russian, Chintang and Indonesian (age range: 2;01-3;04). We distinguish open requests (e.g. 'huh?'), restricted requests (e.g. 'you saw what?'), and restricted offers (reformulation or recast, e.g. 'you saw a bird?'). Our results indicate that in the aggregated model, clarification requests develop in children independently from adult speech, pointing to early universal emergence. When we analyse repair types separately, only restricted offers in both CDS and CSS are significantly predictive factors for the number of reformulations in child speech. Since this repair type is used by caregivers to provide both positive and negative feedback to children, they follow a special path of acquisition dependent on input distributions. Therefore, we propose that early repair acquisition relies on individual cognitive development of children as well as language exposure to the recast frequency in the caregiver speech.  

 Human feedback makes Large Language Models more human-like   
   
 Contreras Kallens, Pablo | ; 
  Kristensen-McLachlan, Ross Deans | ; 
  Christiansen, Morten 
    
 The most recent generation of Large Language Models owes its success not only to scale, but also a novel step in their training: reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF). In this study, we assessed the impact that this training regime has on the fit between model and human behavior in regards to linguistic behavior. We evaluated three versions of OpenAI's GPT-3 davinci ‚Äì original, instruction-tuned, and RLHF-trained ‚Äì using psycholinguistic tasks: subject-verb agreement, sentence acceptability, and event knowledge. We then compared their performance to human participants. We found that the RLHF model is significantly more human-like in its answers, including in the errors it commits. Moreover, the uncertainty of the distribution of its output is closely tied with between-subject variation in humans. This suggests that human feedback improves not only the overall quality of LLMs, but also the alignment between their behavior and the linguistic, metalinguistic, and discursive intuitions of humans.  

 Contextual and lexical effects in Braille reading using an automated finger tracking method   
   
 McClinton, Zaida | ; 
  Silvano, Emily | ; 
  Alfonso, Clarissa | ; 
  Bedny, Marina | ; 
  Wilson, Colin 
    
 Measurement of braille reading with high spatial and temporal accuracy could provide a unique window into incremental processing, complementary to eye tracking and speech perception measures. In braille reading, the fingers move continuously (not in discrete saccades) and perceptual processing is focal (unaffected by parafoveal preview or anticipatory coarticulation). We video-recorded (~60fps) nine congenitally blind adults reading linguistically rich passages from the Natural Stories Corpus presented in UEB English braille. Finger locations were tracked with computer vision software, mapped to page coordinates, and converted to word reading times (RTs). In the resulting dense data set, containing >3 million tracked locations and >50,000 word tokens, RTs increased with word length in cells (r=0.77), decreased with log word frequency (r=‚Äì0.62), and increased with context-based surprisal (r=0.40, all ps<0.001). These results establish lexical and contextual effects with a low-cost, automatic braille tracking method.  

 Is outgroup fear contagious? Vicariously acquired fears to outgroup faces resist extinction, but the effect is mitigated by other-oriented empathy   
   
 Bosch, David A. | ; 
  Olsson, Andreas 
    
 Learned fears of stimuli from phylogenetically fear-relevant categories (such as snakes and spiders) tend to be significantly more resistant to extinction than those from fear-irrelevant categories (such as birds and butterflies.) Olsson et al. (2005) demonstrated that representations of outgroup members, as defined by race, can act as fear-relevant stimuli in a classical conditioning paradigm. It is not as clear, however, whether (and how) persistent fear of outgroup members can be acquired vicariously. We investigate whether observers of interactions with negative outcomes associated with representations of outgroup members develop extinction-resistant fears. Our results indicate that outgroup members can act as fear-relevant stimuli in an observational scenario. The effect is not sensitive to self-relevance manipulations; importantly, however, other-oriented empathy may reduce the tendency toward forming extinction-resistant conditioned responses to outgroup members. Implications of these preliminary results, including limitations and suggestions for future research, are discussed.  

 Pupil dynamics preceding switches in task engagement   
   
 Johnson, Philippa A | ; 
  Nieuwenhuis, Sander | ; 
  Urai, Anne 
    
 When completing a task for a prolonged period, our ability to sustain attention fluctuates over time. Accordingly, in mice, disengaged behaviour has temporal autocorrelation (i.e., ‚Äòdisengagement states'), with lapses clustering in time, rather than occurring randomly. In this disengaged state, mice make more errors and provide responses biased towards one side. What neural and physiological processes trigger the transition into, and out of, disengagement states? Here, we investigated the role of pupil-linked arousal. We used a public dataset of 140 mice performing a perceptual decision-making task, including extracellular recordings alongside behavioural and pupil responses. We applied hidden Markov models to identify engagement states based on response times. Preliminary results show that disengaged trials are associated with larger and more variable baseline pupil, and suggest that pupil size changes precede state transitions. These findings will provide a starting point for exploring the cortical, subcortical and neuromodulatory processes preceding task (dis)engagement.  

 Deriving beliefs about children's moral responsibility from capacity beliefs   
   
 Li, Junyu | ; 
  Hardecker, Susanne | ; 
  Haun, Daniel Benjamin Moritz | ; 
  Bohn, Manuel 
    
 Adults have rich beliefs about children's development timelines, and they interpret and react to children's behaviors across ages, holding children responsible to some degree. While children's mental capacity and potential could motivate moral agency attribution, a question remains whether a consistent relation exists between the empirical beliefs about children's various capacities and the responsibility attribution to their behaviors that manifest the corresponding capacities. Here, we tested 361 adults (UK, US) on their folk psychology and moral beliefs about different ages with vignettes that reflect agential control in various domains (motor control, inhibitory control, theory of mind, planning, moral evaluation) combined with several variants of scenarios. We characterized the relation between adults' expectations and responsibility attribution with mixed models. We found that this moral reasoning varies for targets of different ages and the amount of responsibility is mostly determined by age. We suggest an alternative mechanism between capacity- and moral beliefs.  

 Viewpoint as metacognitive strategy in musical improvisation and multimodal meta-discourse   
   
 Perissinotto, Henrique Tavares Dias | ; 
  Mittelberg, Irene | ; 
  Queiroz, Joao 
    
 We explore how viewpoint phenomena interact with metacognition during dynamic, intertwined processes of thinking, speaking, gesturing, and improvising music. Taking a perspective on experienced or solely imagined situations involves physical and/or conceptual positioning within or outside a spatial, narrative or mental context, whereby speakers typically employ various bodily articulators to signal simultaneous or shifting viewpoints. Tapping into how viewpoint frames thought processes, we propose that shifting viewpoints are a metacognitive strategy to explore contextual possibilities through semiosis, embodied in gestures and other body movements. Changing viewpoints on an unfolding situation, including one's own mental activities, allows for both re-experiencing scenarios and exploring new ideas and perspectives. This theoretical groundwork prepares our empirical research into how metacognition and viewpoint jointly drive musical improvisation. Applying cognitive semantics and Peirce's semiotics, we present preliminary analyses of musicians' improvisation and their multimodal meta-discourses (including motion-capture data), thus exploring cognitive-semiotic processes in musical creativity.  

 The statistician baboon: papio papio's understanding of noisy linear patterns   
   
 Ciccione, Lorenzo 
    
 Several studies showed that humans are incredibly accurate at extracting simple statistical information from noisy datasets, such as judging the linear trends of scatterplots. Crucially, these intuitions might serve as one of the building blocks of both graphical and mathematical skills. However, we do not know if such abilities are specific to our species or if they can be found in other animals as well. We tested several guinea baboons on a trend judgment task in which they had to judge whether linear trends (both noisy and noiseless) were increasing or decreasing. We show that they can and that they behave strikingly similarly to humans: they seem to base their judgment on the t-value of the graph, which is the index that a statistician would calculate to measure the significance of the linear relationship in the dataset. These findings suggest that the ability to extract statistical information from visual noise is not available only to humans.  

 Transition Expertise: A study of individuals who succeeded repeatedly in life and career transitions   
   
 Connolly, Christopher | ; 
  Gobet, Fernand 
    
 This research studies how 24 experts in sport, music, and business were able to make successful and repeated career transitions to senior levels in their field. It examined ‚Äì among other aspects ‚Äì the roles of cognitive flexibility, personal intelligence, generative thinking, motivation, and contextual intelligence in career transitions. It also examined how identity changes and adapts during a career transition and how self concept evolves over the course of a career. In-depth interviews were analysed both qualitatively and quantitatively and served as the basis for evaluating several theories of expertise, cognition, motivation, and intelligence. Key findings include: deliberate practice was rarely mentioned as a contributor to transitions; the early development of expertise in multiple domains contributed to its generalizability; transition expertise evolved over the course of a career; and self concept did not unfold in a linear progression of sequential stages as predicted by many theories in the field.  

 The Benefits and Role of Bilingualism in Indian Schoolchildren with Low Vision Impairment.   
   
 Shiva Ram, Male | ; 
  KRISHNA, PHANI | ; 
  Theagarayan, Baskar 
    
 This study looks at the benefits and functions of bilingualism in Indian schoolchildren with low vision impairment. Bilingualism, particularly in a multilingual country like India, can have considerable cognitive, social, and educational benefits. The study focuses on a sample group of N=60 (monolingual and bilingual) school-aged children with varying degrees of low vision impairment and analyses how bilingual (L1-Telugu and L2-English and L1-Hindi and L2-English) education effects their learning and social integration. Using the Language Experience and Proficiency Questionnaire (LEAP-Q), the study employs both qualitative and quantitative methods to assess cognitive development, language competency, and social interaction abilities in a bilingual situation. The findings indicate that bilingualism improves not only verbal abilities, but also cognitive flexibility, problem-solving ability, and social empathy in early children. This study suggests that bilingual education should be an integral part of the curriculum for visually impaired pupils in India, encouraging their overall development and integration into society. The findings have significant implications for educational policies and practices affecting special-needs children in diverse environments.  

 Knowing What Counts for Counting   
   
 Perez, Karla E | ; 
  Siegel, Max | ; 
  Coates, Nicole | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Schulz, Laura 
    
 Children know a lot about counting, even before they can count; for instance, even toddlers know that the counting routine involves establishing one-to-one correspondence between number words and items counted. Here we varied the size, numerosity, density, and layout of elements of sets, and asked children which set was easier to count in pair-wise comparisons across twelve trials. We also asked children themselves to count 5 to 15 items arranged in straight lines. Even children who could not count to 15 recognized that it was easier to count fewer than more dots and recognized that structured sets were easier than random arrays; however, they failed to recognize that some layouts made tracking easier than others. This suggests that children's meta-knowledge about counting precedes their ability to count for some but not all properties of sets.  

 Finding Structure in Real Time: An Eye Tracking Study on the Statistical Learning of Multiple Linguistic Structures Simultaneously   
   
 Vleugels, Lucile | ; 
  Yuan, Lei 
    
 Many human-invented compositional systems (e.g., language, mathematics) embody hierarchical relational structures. How exactly these structures are acquired during learning remains an open question. Here, we examine how the structure of a system engages learners' attention and learning. Participants (N=88) learned an artificial language that describes novel combinations of unknown visual symbols while their eye movements were recorded. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two conditions. The ‚ÄòMore' condition had three latent rules that connected components in verbal input to visual input. In contrast, the ‚ÄòLess' condition had only one latent rule. Despite having more regularities to learn, the ‚ÄòMore' condition performed as well as the ‚ÄòLess' condition. Eye movement data further revealed that participants in the ‚ÄòMore' condition selectively attended to target symbols more than those in the ‚ÄòLess' condition. These results suggest a counterintuitive ‚ÄòMore is More' principle: the presence of multiple regularities organizes attention and potentiates learning.  

 Language captures rich information about perceptibility: Evidence from LMMs and humans   
   
 LNU, Akshi | ; 
  Pernell, Gabriel | ; 
  Wang, Ziwen | ; 
  Bedny, Marina 
    
 Trained on text only, Large Language Models (LLMs) provide a unique way to approach the age-old question of how language captures sensory experiences. Such models have showcased human-level performance in several domains. However, what they capture about the sensory world remains uncertain. We prompted state-of-the-art LLMs (GPT-3.5 and GPT-4) as well as sighted and congenitally blind adults to judge the likelihood of successful visual and auditory perception using verbal scenarios. Scenarios varied in distance of the observer from the object (next to, across the street, a block away), duration of perception (glance vs. stare) and properties of perceived object (e.g., size for vision). Sighted and blind humans produced highly consistent perceptibility judgments, and these correlated highly with GPT-3.5 and GPT-4. GPT-4 showed human-like effects of size, distance, and duration, though both LLMs underestimated humans' ability to perceive. Language captures detailed quantitative information about perceptibility.  

 Developmental Origins of Ordered Memory Recall Tendencies   
   
 Dicken, Lily S | ; 
  Suddendorf, Thomas | ; 
  Armitage, Kristy L | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 Across two experiments, we presented children (N = 168; 3 to 6 years) with a memory task in which three targets were hidden sequentially before a search period. In both experiments, younger children were significantly more likely to first search for the last target hidden (in line with the recency effect), whereas older children were significantly more likely to first search for the first target hidden (in line with the primacy effect). In a separate test phase where some but not all targets were were externally marked, younger children were biased towards selecting the marked target first, whereas older children were significantly more likely to search for unmarked targets before marked targets (thus reducing the time spent maintaining the location of the unmarked targets in memory). These results indicate marked shifts in young children's ordered memory recall tendencies, much earlier in development than suggested by previous research.  

 States overlap: Evidence from complement and relative clause comprehension   
   
 Marx, Elena | ; 
  Wittenberg, Eva 
    
 Just as we intuitively know that "chair" and "boy" denote referents in different categories, we know that "standing" falls into a different category from "walking": One of the events is static, the other dynamic. In three self-paced reading experiments, we show that such differences in event dynamicity leads to expectations about the temporal structure of complex events. We replicate and extend Gennari (2004): Participants read complement (Exp.1) and relative clause constructions (Exp.2,3) in which the event type in the subordinate clause (i.e., event/state) and temporal proximity between main and subordinate clause situations (i.e., close/overlap vs. distant/non-overlap) were manipulated. Consistent with Gennari (2004), we find evidence that people expect states to overlap (Exp.1,2), but only when in line with their expectation that states should happen first in time (Exp.3). Our results support a multifactorial model of language comprehension in which event structure is central to the formation of temporal expectations.  

 Learning abstractions from discrete sequences   
   
 Wu, Shuchen | ; 
  Thalmann, Mirko | ; 
  Schulz, Eric 
    
 Understanding abstraction is a stepping stone towards understanding intelligence. We ask the question: How do abstract representations arise when learning sequences? From a normative perspective, we show that abstraction is necessary for an intelligent agent when the perceptual sequence contains objects of similar interaction properties appearing in identical contexts. A rational agent should identify categories of objects of similar properties as an abstract concept, enabling the discovery of higher-order sequential relations that span a longer part of the sequence. We propose a hierarchical variable learning model (HVM) that learns chunks and abstract concepts from sequential data in a cognitively plausible manner. HVM gradually discovers abstraction via a conjunction of variable discovery and chunking, resembling the process of concept discovery during development. In a sequence recall experiment that demands learning and transferring variables, we observe that the model's sequence complexity can explain human behavior in a sequence memorization experiment.  

 Modelling Pragmatic Inference in Children's Use of Perception Verbs with Language Models   
   
 van Dijk, Bram | ; 
  van Duijn, Max | ; 
  Kloostra, Li | ; 
  Spruit, Marco | ; 
  Beekhuizen, Barend 
    
 Perception Verbs (PVs) can have, besides their denotational interpretation that 'X perceives Y', other interpretations depending on context. For example, in narratives we often find contexts where seeing something introduces a new referent, heralds a pivotal event, or compresses redundant information about characters' inner states. We computationally model the emergence of such pragmatic use in children (4-12y) with recent Language Models (LMs). Since LMs are partly trained on narrative corpora and can model coherence in narratives, we assume that a LM can be used to identify PV contexts that humans recognise as having a pragmatic function. We sample PV contexts from ChiSCor, a corpus of Dutch children's freely told narratives, and use the confidence of LM predictions to identify developmental patterns in pragmatic use of PVs for children of different ages. Simultaneously, our setup allows us to identify types of pragmatic meaning that LMs still struggle with.  

 Starting Small, After All? Curriculum Learning with Child-Directed Speech   
   
 Opper, Mattia | ; 
  de Souza, Sydelle 
    
 The idea of curriculum learning, whereby a model is first exposed to simpler examples before an increase in complexity, has long fascinated the AI community. Unfortunately, the experimental successes of curriculum learning have been mixed, particularly applied to natural language, where a vast body of literature appears to evidence its failures. However, recent work has shown that language models trained on transcribed-child-directed-speech (CDS) learn more grammar compared to those trained on Wikipedia. To a lesser extent, the same trend has been observed through training on transcribed speech and simple text data. Motivated by these findings, we revisit the idea of curriculum learning starting from CDS, before moving to simple data, and finally finishing with complex long form text. Unfortunately, through experimentation with an array of models and training step sizes, only in the smallest models trained for the least steps does curriculum learning show any advantage over random sampling.  

 Development and Validation of the Facial Expression Intensity Stimulus Set (FEISS)   
   
 Tamm, Gerly 
    
 Previous research about the intensity of emotional facial expressions has relied on stimulus sets of morphed facial expressions that have been generated artificially. Ecologically valid open-access facial stimulus sets with varying intensities of multiple different expressions are rare. However, there is a growing need for a validated facial stimulus set that would include multiple levels of intensities. This study aimed to develop and test the psychometric properties of a stimulus set with real facial expressions (8 men and 8 women) with 11 intensity levels for five facial expression categories: angry, happy, neutral, surprised and sad. 52 individuals rated the valence, arousal and intensity of the 656 stimuli. Descriptive statistics, internal consistency of the rating for each stimulus, emotion category, and intensity level were described. The stimuli and summary data are available upon request (https://osf.io/f8ews/).  

 Self induced framing as a cognitive strategy for decision-making   
   
 Vives, Marc-Lluis | ; 
  Leon Villagra, Pablo 
    
 Decision frames influence how people act. These frames and the resulting decisions can be changed by manipulating how a problem is described. Here, we ask if people themselves can induce frame changes when thinking about a problem and how these frame changes affect decision-making and choice satisfaction. In our experiment, participants (N > 700) generated as many options as they would like for day to day scenarios as choosing a costume for a party or finding a gift for a friend. Then, participants selected one of the options they generated and reported their choice satisfaction. We found that choice satisfaction was higher when the option selected was more semantically dissimilar to the rest of the option set. We argue that this suggests that participants use a novel strategy to facilitate decision-making: Participants aimed to construct decision frames by generating options sets with a uniquely dissimilar option, which facilitated choice and increased satisfaction.  

 Influence of cognitive attributions on humans' recipient design in human-robot interaction   
   
 Sodacƒ±, Hande | ; 
  KuÃàntay, Aylin C 
    
 Recipient design, tailoring one's message to an interlocutor's relevant requirements, is a core pragmatic process in human communication. The knowledge shared among interlocutors influences the form and content of the speaker's utterances addressed to a recipient. In a computerized experiment, we investigated whether recipient design is different for robot- and human-recipients and whether it is sensitive to dynamic changes in attributed competence of the addressee. In a word-guessing game. participants described objects and abstract concepts to a robot- and human-recipient, who later guessed the word. The recipient gave incorrect answers in half of the trials. We coded participants' descriptions for linguistic complexity in robot- and human-recipient conditions as well as in trials immediately following correct and incorrect trials. We predicted linguistic complexity of the descriptions to differ by recipient and trial type. Our findings will be discussed in relation to cognitive attributions' influence on recipient design in HRI.  

 Encoding a Secondary Intention can Increase Aftereffects in Prospective Memory   
   
 Ayyagari, Snigdha 
    
 The influence exerted by no longer relevant intentions that have been successfully executed or cancelled is called aftereffects. The current study investigated the effect of encoding a secondary intention on the aftereffects of non-relevant prospective intentions. The study used an active phase-finished phase paradigm with participants randomly assigned to either experimental or control conditions. In the experimental condition, participants encoded a secondary intention in the finished phase of the task. In the control condition, participants did not encode any additional instructions. Commission errors and response latencies were analysed in the finished phase for fulfilled intentions or encoded but unfulfilled intentions. Independent sample t-tests found significant (p<0.05) differences between experimental and control groups. Suspended cues displayed a higher accessibility due to anticipatory monitoring and pending response action, and also resulted in more commission errors in comparison to repeat cues.  

 Effect of word length on updating working memory contents   
   
 Baburaj, Thara 
    
 Though working memory deals with different types of contents, the vast majority of studies on working memory updating have been conducted on non-sense syllables and numbers. The present study aims to understand the updating process of words, particularly, whether word length increases the response latencies for updating. The study hypothesized updating of longer words to be more time consuming than shorter words. A modified version of the working memory updating paradigm proposed by Artuso & Palladino (2011) is used for the study. A within-subject experimental design was employed. Repeated measures ANOVA of response latencies across conditions of 3,4 and 5 letter word updating, found no significant differences in reaction times on the basis of word length. The involvement of chunking and other long term memory processes can be cited as the reason for this.  

 How does working memory predict errors in Human-AI Interaction?   
   
 Wallinheimo, Anna-Stiina | ; 
  Evans, Dr Simon | ; 
  Davitti, Elena 
    
 Interlingual Respeaking (IR) is a new technique that enables real-time subtitling in a different language. This cognitively demanding technique involves collaboration between a language professional and automatic speech recognition software (ASR), creating a human-AI interaction (HAII) environment. Integrating technological tools with an individual's internal cognitive resources establishes an extended cognitive system. However, different types of errors are observed in terms of output accuracy. Our ESRC-funded research found that working memory (WM) (backward span) has a negative relationship with omissions, where content is dropped out (e.g., to save time). Nevertheless, additions, where the human adds content (e.g., to clarify meaning) and correctness, where form-related issues arise (such as grammar mistakes), had an inverse relationship with the N-back Task (the simultaneous maintenance, updating, and processing of WM). These findings suggest that the IR errors involve diverse types of WM resources.  

 New-meaning learning of L2 words facilitates the access to original meanings   
   
 Zhang, Yufan | ; 
  Perfetti, Charles | ; 
  Fang, Xiaoping 
    
 Although most words have more than one meaning, the mechanisms underlying new-meaning learning have been understudied. This one-to-many mapping poses even greater challenges for second language learners. The present study examined the behavioral mechanisms underlying new-meaning learning among non-native speakers by focusing on the effects of word familiarity, an approximate measure of lexical quality. We found that learning new meanings for more familiar L2 words was easier, as indicated by better recognition and cued-recall performance throughout the learning phase and in delayed tests. Furthermore, new-meaning learning facilitated, rather than impeded, the processing of original meanings, especially after a delay. Comparing these findings with those from previous studies involving native speakers, it appears that lexical quality influences how new and prior knowledge interact during new-meaning learning.  

 An inductive bias for slowly changing features in human reinforcement learning   
   
 Hedrich, Noa L. | ; 
  Schulz, Eric | ; 
  Hall-McMaster, Sam | ; 
  Schuck, Nicolas 
    
 Distinguishing relevant features from noise is a central challenge for efficient behaviour. We asked whether humans address this challenge by leveraging the insight that behaviourally relevant processes change on a slower timescale than noise. To test this idea, participants were asked to learn the rewards of two-dimensional bandits when either a slowly or quickly changing feature of the bandit predicted reward. Participants accrued more reward and achieved better generalisation to unseen bandits when the reward-predictive feature changed slowly, rather than quickly. These effects were stronger when participants experienced the feature speed before learning about rewards. Computational modelling revealed that participants adjusted their learning rates based on feature speed. Those who learned better from slow features also had higher learning rates for it from the onset. These results provide evidence that human reinforcement learning favours slower features, suggesting a bias in how humans approach reward learning.  

 Pupil dynamics open eyes to links between word learning and interest   
   
 Forbes, Samuel | ; 
  Edgar, Lucy Elizabeth | ; 
  Shao, Shuai 
    
 Infant word learning is a crucial process that is of great importance to early development. Indeed, delays in early word learning are linked to poor language and educational outcomes, including Developmental Language Disorder (DLD). However infant word learning is highly variable, and the correlates of successful and delayed early word learning are not well understood. Here, we examine the role of individual temperament in word learning, examining the dynamic interplay between category interest, general curiosity, willingness to engage, and motivated word learning in a novel word learning task, using changes in infant pupil diameter as the measurement. Preliminary data suggests category interest to be of key import to early word learning, supporting previous findings from Ackermann et al (2020). We also find differences in personality contribute to word learning, suggesting that the variability in infant word learning might be related to individual differences.  

 Uncertain Identity Inference in a Biased Media Landscape: An Agent-Based Model of Identity Signalling, Moral Values, and Political Polarisation   
   
 Pedersen, Julie Maria Ejby | ; 
  Moore, Adam 
    
 Political polarisation is growing along with its negative consequences ‚Äì degradation of functional government and increases in stochastic violence. Polarisation can result from both cognitive factors affecting information processing and biased information ecosystems, but their interactions are poorly understood. We present an agent-based model combining a varyingly polarised media landscape with agents driven by homophily and uncertain (political) identity inference processes. Agents were motivated to find similar others to form an ingroup by comparing moral values expressed in response to environmentally imposed moral dilemmas. Media pushed moral values in line with either liberal or conservative values, varying in agreement and influence. Liberal agents were more satisfied (according to homophily motivations), formed larger, more stable clusters, and morally disengaged less than conservatives. Identity aligned media exposure increased liberal agents' satisfaction, but had no, or the opposite effect, on conservative agents. We conclude that media exposure asymmetrically affects political polarisation across political identities.  

 Iconic prioritization and Representational Silence in emotion   
   
 Rivadulla-Duró, Andrea 
    
 Emotions can be insensitive to certain attributes of a situation. A large body of evidence shows that information on probabilities, large numerical counts, or intentions is frequently disregarded in the elicitation and regulation of emotions. To date, no existing theory comprehensively accounts for the features that tend to be overlooked by emotion. In this paper I call attention to the common denominator of such features: they cannot be perceived nor contribute to the iconic representation of events. For instance, the exceedingly low probability of a plane crash does not affect its imagistic representation (i.e., the iconic representation of the event is silent about the event's probability). I introduce the Iconic Prioritization Hypothesis, positing that the prioritization of the iconic format in emotion can explain the neglect of information that is representationally silent in this format. Emotion may favour iconicity as it is the format of immediate, first-hand evidence about our surroundings.  

 Visual behavior during spatial exploration explains individual differences in performance of spatial navigation tasks   
   
 Walter, Jasmin L. | ; 
  Schmidt, Vincent | ; 
  König, Sabine U. | ; 
  König, Peter 
    
 Spatial orientation and spatial navigation are important abilities. However, large individual differences are common in these spatial abilities, yet satisfying explanations about the origin of such differences are lacking. In this work, we measured the eye-tracking data of 26 participants who freely explored a large city (244 buildings) in an immersive virtual reality for 150 min. After the exploration, participants performed a pointing-to-building task in the same city. For the analysis, we transform the eye-tracking data into gaze-graphs and calculate graph-theoretical measures. We then model participants' mean task performance with a linear model using global gaze-graph measures (R¬≤=0.41). Moreover, a linear model with graph diameter only results in an R¬≤ of 0.4; thus, graph diameter can explain 40% of the variance in the mean task performance of participants. Overall, our results show visual behavior, specifically gaze-graph diameter, to be a strong predictor of individual differences in spatial navigation performance.  

 Inferring errors and intended meanings with a generative model of language production in aphasia   
   
 Clark, Thomas | ; 
  Gibson, Edward | ; 
  Levy, Roger 
    
 We propose a generative modeling framework of impaired language production and an inference framework that models rational comprehension of impaired language. Given a task (e.g. picture-description), we approximate the prior distribution over intended sentences using a language model trained on unimpaired speakers' utterances. We define a generative model of operations (e.g., semantic and phonological errors, retracing, filled pauses) that intervene on the intended sentence to yield an utterance. The model is implemented in the Gen probabilistic programming language, with data from AphasiaBank's ‚ÄòWindow' picture-description task. Given observed utterances, a particle filter estimates posterior probabilities for latent variables (e.g. the speaker's intended sentence or sequence of errors). Our framework models comprehension as inference on a generative model of production, and provides a way to quantify incremental processing difficulty for impaired language in a way that combines a language model prior with explicit reasoning about errors.  

 Converging neural evidence for number-specific mechanisms supporting number line estimation   
   
 Aulet, Lauren | ; 
  Kaicher, Caroline | ; 
  Cantlon, Jessica 
    
 Children's spatial and numerical skills are highly related, and predictive of concurrent and future mathematical ability (Lourenco et al., 2018). The number line estimation (NLE) task, in which children indicate the spatial positions of numbers on a line, is a commonly used index of spatial-numerical ability. Critically, training studies have demonstrated a causal link between NLE and math ability (Ramani & Siegler, 2008). Nonetheless, there is extensive debate about the role of numerical and domain-general abilities in the NLE task. Here, we used fMRI with young children to assess the neural mechanisms supporting NLE performance. Whole-brain and ROI analyses yielded significant activation in bilateral intraparietal sulcus (IPS) during the NLE task, relative to matched control conditions. Moreover, we found a positive association between neural maturity in bilateral IPS during the NLE task and behavioral measures of math ability (Cantlon & Li, 2013), controlling for analogical reasoning and spatial working memory.  

 Longitudinal multilevel models for predicting cognitive change in Alzheimer's and related dementia patients   
   
 Myers, James A C | ; 
  Stafford, Tom | ; 
  Vaci, Nemanja 
    
 Social isolation (SI) is a modifiable factor, thought to impact cognitive resilience, with the potential to impact cognition up to ADRD diagnosis and throughout disease duration. MMSE and/or MoCA cognitive function measurements, demographic (including marital and accommodation status SI proxies) and diagnosis data were extracted, using natural language processing, from electronic health records from Oxford NHS patients aged 50+ years. Longitudinal multilevel models were used to predict cognition as a function of the interaction between diagnosis duration, SI proxies and Covid-19, controlling for age, sex and diagnosis. Using MoCA, ‚Äòlifelong single' marital status (  

 Modelling probability matching as a Bayesian sampling process   
   
 Tsvetkov, Christian | ; 
  Yan, Haijiang | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 The mechanisms underpinning probability matching remain a disputed topic. Among common explanations of the effect is that people employ a win-stay, lose-shift (WSLS) strategy. We suggest an alternative framing of probability matching as the result of a Bayesian sampling process involving simulating a mental sequence of possible outcomes. In three within-subject tasks, we presented people with information about a six-sided die with four sides of one colour and two of another. Two of them involved predicting the next outcome in a series of die rolls, with and without feedback. The third explicitly asked participants to mentally generate sequences of rolls from the die. The patterns of autocorrelations in responses, the absence of an effect of feedback on the next response, and the elevated proportion of maximising responses on the first trial in all conditions are all consistent with a Bayesian sampling model but contradict the WSLS account of probability matching.  

 Investigating deliberate ignorance in children and adults   
   
 Bonalumi, Francesca | ; 
  Hertwig, Ralph | ; 
  Ruggeri, Azzurra 
    
 The emergence of deliberate ignorance, i.e. what influences children's deliberate decisions not to seek information, is a phenomenon so far notably overlooked. This project addresses this gap by investigating various factors that systematically modulate such decisions in children and adults. Across five studies, we presented participants with short stories illustrating social situations where a misdeed occurs, and measured participants' preference for knowing the identity of the wrongdoer. Studies 1-3 (N = 550) shows that both children and adults systematically manifest a preference for ignorance when the information value is low, and when the potential wrongdoer is suspected to be a friend. Studies 4-5 (N = 333) further investigate the role of information probability in this phenomenon. This first contribution shows that children's preference for deliberate ignorance is modulated by information value and the relationship frame proposed, suggesting a rational approach to ignorance.  

 The facilitating effect of generics on inductive reasoning in 3 to 5 years old children: interindividual variability and domain-specificity   
   
 Boulkour, Sabrina | ; 
  Thibaut, Jean-Pierre | ; 
  Jérémie, Lafraire 
    
 Category-based induction in the food domain is of key importance to generalize food knowledge to new instances of food and therefore to enlarge children's dietary repertoire. Generics are well known linguistic cues for boosting induction in young children because they facilitate the access to pieces of conceptual knowledge. However, we hypothesized that some children could not benefit from this facilitating effect of generics because they are equipped with a poor system of conceptual knowledge about food. These children are those exhibiting intense food neophobia disposition (i.e. the fear of novel food). In experiment 1, 4-6 years old children (n=137) were asked to complete an induction task adapted from Gelman, 2002 depicting properties in two conditions (i.e., generics vs specific quantifiers). In experiment 2 (ongoing) we followed a similar procedure, except that we used conflicting triads paradigm. Our preliminary results confirmed that food neophobia hindered the facilitating effect of generics.  

 Enhancing Effects of Causal Scaffolding on Preschoolers' Analogical Reasoning Abilities   
   
 Reagan, Emily Rose | ; 
  Pinter, Verity | ; 
  Goddu, Mariel K. | ; 
  Gopnik, Alison 
    
 Decades of work exploring the development of children's analogical reasoning illustrates that 3- and 4-year-old children struggle with reasoning by analogy (i.e. glove:hand::sock:___), almost always preferring superficially related ‚Äúobject matches‚Äù (:shoe) over ‚Äúrelational matches‚Äù (:foot). However, one recent study demonstrated preschoolers' ability to choose relational matches when a traditional relational-match-to-sample task is embedded in causal scaffolding, framing the target abstract relation as one between beginning and ending states of a causal transformation. Current work aims to discover which factors of causal framing facilitate this boost in early abstract reasoning. In Study 1, we replicate this effect while adapting the transformation to involve two objects, showing that preservation of identity is not necessary for analogical reasoning in a causal context. In Study 2, we explore the replicated effect in a case of non-agentive causation, finding that the causal boost, while still present, is significantly weaker when scaffolding involves a machine vs. an agent. These findings demonstrate that causal framing can be a powerful tool in bolstering children's early abstract reasoning capabilities and show that this enhancing effect is even stronger when an agent holds causal power.  

 Searching for Functional Boundaries: Evaluating Effectiveness in Complex Adaptive Networks with Cognitive Dynamics.   
   
 Pala, Kiran 
    
 The research focus on adaptivity in complex systems has propelled an exploration of diverse interactions characterized by state transition processes. However, the investigation of functional variances among processes, rooted in fundamental operands, remains insufficient. Recognizing this gap is crucial for unveiling the constituents of state transitions and their functional boundaries during ongoing adaptivity. To address this, our central focus is on quantifying the functional variance in the interactions of fundamental operands. This approach enables a systematic study of complex adaptive networks grounded in the dynamics of cognitive abilities, where elements adapt and evolve based on cognitive processes. To underscore this point, we emphasize translating ontologically irreducible networks into functionally representable ones at the meso-level, which is essential for assessing their effectiveness. Our active investigation during state transitions explores external interventions, aiming to shed light on mutual influences.  

 Neurodegenerative constraints in stimulus-driven eye movements   
   
 Bartušēvica, Santa | ; 
  Skilters, Jurgis | ; 
  Zarina, Liga | ; 
  Umbrasko, Solvita | ; 
  Zeļģe, Laura | ; 
  Platkājis, Ardis | ; 
  Pastare, Agnese Anna | ; 
  Mednieks, JƒÅnis | ; 
  Ševčenko, Aleksejs | ; 
  Naudiņš, Edgars | ; 
  Zdanovskis, Nauris 
    
 Eye tracking is a promising and non-invasive method for assessing cognitive processes in neurodegeneration. Our study focuses on the use of stimulus-driven eye tracking as a tool for discovering neurodegenerative conditions. In this study, we examine perceptual organisation (grouping, segmentation), and accentuation (Pinna & Sirigu, 2011) in neurologically impaired and healthy individuals. Based on a preliminary analysis, there are differences in the average number of fixations between clinical and control groups. Additionally, there are variations in the scanned area within specific sets of stimuli between the control and clinical groups. By identifying these differences, our study contributes to a deeper understanding of the mid-level perceptual processes in neurodegeneration.  

 Meta-learning emotional control in bandit tasks   
   
 Godara, Prakhar 
    
 In decision making scenarios, reasoning can be viewed as an agent executing an algorithm p ‚àà P that selects an action a ‚àà A, aiming to optimize some outcome. Metareasoning extends this by selecting p itself through a meta-algorithm p^{meta}. Previous approaches to study metareasoning in humans have required that the transition/reward distributions are known by the agent, but the value function isn't. We extend these efforts to study metareasoning for agents acting in unknown environments by formalizing the meta problem as a meta Bayes adaptive Markov decision problem (meta-BAMDP). We formally investigate the theoretical consequences of this framework within the context of two-armed Bernoulli bandit (TABB) tasks. Not only do we make theoretical progress in making the (usually intractable) metareasoning problem tractable, but we also generate predictions for a resource rational account of human exploration in TABB tasks.  

 Logical language and the development of reasoning by the disjunctive syllogism   
   
 Grigoroglou, Myrto | ; 
  Hackeek, Salima | ; 
  Ganea, Patricia 
    
 Whether logical inference is available without language is highly debated. One such inference is the disjunctive syllogism (A Or B, Not A, Therefore B). Evidence from non-linguistic search tasks suggests that that the syllogism may be unavailable before age 3 (Mody & Carey, 2016). However, in a replication of the same task using language (i.e., verbal negation), even 2.5-year-olds succeeded (Grigoroglou, et al., 2019). Here we explore the role of language in children's logical reasoning. 2.5-, 3- and 4-year-olds performed a non-linguistic search task, after a short training in reasoning by exclusion. Half of the children received linguistic training (e.g., heard ‚Äúthere is no coin in X cup‚Äù); half received non-linguistic training (i.e., saw that one location was empty). Results show that 2.5-year-olds who received linguistic training succeeded in disjunctive syllogism but those who received non-linguistic training failed. We conclude that the presence of verbal negation facilitated logical reasoning.  

 Individual Differences in Self-Referential versus Learning-Oriented Metaphors on Learning Outcomes   
   
 Toskos Dils, Alexia 
    
 Do metaphors for learning influence how well we remember new information? We tested whether reading a learning-oriented metaphor (i.e., emphasizing learning processes and outcomes) versus a self-referential metaphor (i.e., emphasizing motivational or emotional aspects of learning) can affect how well new information is learned. Participants were randomly assigned to read either a paragraph likening learning to a long hiking tour (self-referential condition), a paragraph likening learning to expanding a library in one's mind (learning-oriented condition), or no paragraph (no metaphor condition). Then participants learned a new mnemonic technique, the Method of Loci, and had to apply it to a sentence-learning task. The effect of metaphor on sentence memory depended on participants' education level. People with college degrees learned better in the self-referential condition than the learning-oriented condition, whereas people without college degrees showed the opposite pattern. These findings identify novel individual differences in how metaphors for learning influence learning outcomes.  

 Typological Prevalence Hypothesis: The Case of Kinship   
   
 Torgue, Jules | ; 
  Owen, Rosalind | ; 
  Mollica, Francis 
    
 Languages across the world organize semantic categories in many ways. Research in semantic typology and efficient communication has shown that languages tend to be shaped by pressures for communicative efficiency. It was recently proposed, in addition to this principle of efficiency, that the cross-linguistic prevalence of a system is explained by considering and formalizing the Typological Prevalence Hypothesis. This recent research found that the interaction between communicative and developmental pressures infers the prevalence of color-naming systems across the world better than phylogenetic relatedness alone. However, it is not yet clear whether the information-theoretic framework developed by the authors can explain the typological prevalence of non-perceptual categories. Therefore, we extend this model to kinship systems to test if this formalization of the Typological Prevalence Hypothesis can generalize to other semantic domains.  

 Visual accentuation constrains the structure of perceptual organization   
   
 Skilters, Jurgis | ; 
  Zarina, Liga | ; 
  Pinna, Baingio | ; 
  Gintere, Megija Lelde | ; 
  Bartu≈°ƒìvica, Santa | ; 
  Umbrasko, Solvita | ; 
  PlatkƒÅjis, Ardis | ; 
  Zeƒºƒ£e, Laura | ; 
  Mednieks, JƒÅnis | ; 
  ≈†evƒçenko, Aleksejs | ; 
  Zdanovskis, Nauris | ; 
  Pastare, Agnese Anna | ; 
  ≈†ilovs, Art≈´rs 
    
 Perceptual organization contains two interrelated sets of phenomena: visual grouping and figure-ground segmentation. Different types of grouping and segmenting (and interaction and competition between them) have been described. Less clear is what happens once an accent is added in grouping or segmenting. According to several eye tracking experiments (n=35), apart from pop-out effect of particular elements, the overall structure of the visual field is changed. If compared to the non-accentuated stimuli, adding single accent to both grouping and segmentation stimuli induces not only local changes in saccadic processes but also a more global difference in gaze alignment. Most importantly, accent assigns a directional effect to the visual structure, typically decreases the average fixation time (by 11-28% depending on stimuli) and changes location of fixations and decreases their variation (if compared to non-accentuated stimuli). However, no significant differences between the number of fixations in non-accentuated and accentuated stimuli can be observed.  

 Unfolding Structure in the Drawings of Cubes   
   
 Jensen, Clint A. | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy T | ; 
  Travers, Brittany G. | ; 
  Kirkorian, Heather | ; 
  Rosengren, Karl 
    
 Recent work using neural networks and crowd-sourced perceptual judgements has shown that human figure drawings contain latent structure that can predict many characteristics of the artist including parent-reported motor function and perceived gender. We extend these approaches to two-dimensional renderings of three-dimensional cubes, assessing whether latent structure in these cube drawings likewise predicts demographic characteristics and motor function measured via a paper-folding task. Drawings produced with marker and paper showed a large predictive relationship with paper-folding (accounting for 59% of the offset variance, 62% of the angle variance, ps < .01). We also observed a complex interaction with gender: better cube-drawings predicted better paper-folding for male-identifying participants, but this relationship was reversed for female-identifying participants, who demonstrated better paper folding abilities overall. The results suggest that cube drawings contain richer structure than previously recognized and can provide a useful nonverbal metric for characterizing aspects of cognitive and motor abilities.  

 Neural lateralization during number line estimation differentially predicts numerical and spatial capacity   
   
 Kaicher, Caroline | ; 
  Aulet, Lauren | ; 
  Cantlon, Jessica 
    
 Numerical and spatial skills are highly interrelated, and both contribute to mathematical cognition. Spatial-numerical associations are frequently examined using number line estimation (NLE); however, there is considerable debate about the relative contributions of number-specific and domain-general (i.e., working memory) processing involved in this task. Here, we used functional neuroimaging to examine the processes supporting NLE in adults (n = 47). Participants completed an in-scanner NLE task and number localizer. We found that within left and right parietal number regions, neural activity during the in-scanner NLE task differentially predicted out-of-scanner behavioral measures. Specifically, activity in the left (but not right) posterior intraparietal sulcus (IPS) predicted visuo-spatial working memory, and activity in the left (but not right) anterior IPS predicted performance on an out-of-scanner NLE task. These findings suggest that NLE relies on both spatial-numerical and domain-general capacities supported by left-hemisphere parietal regions, challenging hypotheses about right-lateralized visuo-spatial contributions to number processing.  

 Function composition in human infants: 15-month-olds spontaneoulsy combine two newly learned functions of a tool   
   
 Pomiechowska, Barbara | ; 
  Teglas, Erno | ; 
  Kovacs, Agnes 
    
 The productivity of the human mind is rooted in the ability to flexibly combine concepts and computations. Developmental origins of this ability remain poorly understood. In two looking-time experiments, we investigated whether 15-month-olds (N = 48) can learn two distinct functions and compose them. We used a tool that transformed objects: it had two functions (i.e., it changed the kind of the object that went inside, or duplicated it), each triggered by a different handle. Experiment 1 showed that infants could learn both functions: at test, they looked longer when the outcome of the handle manipulation did not match the performed action than when it did. In Experiment 2, following a familiarization with individual manipulations and their outcomes, both manipulations were performed simultaneously at test. Infants displayed surprise when the outcome was inconsistent with a function composition. Infants readily learn two novel functions and spontaneously combine their outcomes.  

 The role of spatial knowledge in the on-line control of high-speed steering   
   
 Roessling, Grace | ; 
  Fajen, Brett 
    
 There is a long line of research that has investigated how different kinds of visual information (e.g. optic flow) guide high-speed steering. Additionally, researchers have developed visual control models that capture the relationship between information and steering. Although models have been designed for a variety of steering maneuvers, they all assume that steering behavior remains consistent whether a driver has driven down a road once or numerous times. Thus, models do not address how behavior changes as drivers become familiar with the layout of the road. Our work investigates how drivers incorporate visual information and spatial knowledge to guide steering . We present a virtual driving experiment that examines how steering changes as humans become more familiar with a track, measuring metrics including speed, steering angle, and lane deviation. Results inform the development of a cognitive model that captures the relationship between visual information and spatial knowledge to guide steering behavior.  

 Plasticity, gender, and the environment during numerical and spatial development   
   
 Laws, Marissa | ; 
  Cantlon, Jessica 
    
 Cognitive scientists continue to debate gender/sex differences and similarities in basic problem-solving, including numerical and spatial cognition. While gender group differences may exist in these cognitive skills adulthood, it is unclear whether differences are fixed (early-developing, permanent) or plastic (late-developing, malleable). If fixed, they would relate more to gender categories; if plastic, they would relate more to gender socialization and spatial learning environment. To disentangle these hypotheses, we measured brain activity with fMRI in 51 children (4-8y; 20 boys / 31 girls) during numerical (vs. face) and geometric (vs. word) processing tasks. Activity occurred in bilateral superior and inferior parietal cortex during numerical and geometric processing, but activity within these regions was unrelated to gender category, gender socialization, or spatial learning environment. Bayesian analyses also revealed widespread gender similarities in numerical and geometric processing. These findings challenge the hypothesis of early, fixed gender differences in numerical and spatial development.  

 Exploring the Speech-to-Song Transformation: Linguistic Influences in Tonal and Non-Tonal Language Speakers   
   
 Sadakata, Makiko 
    
 When speech is repeated, we sometimes perceive a musical quality in it, a phenomenon known as the speech-to-song transformation. Pitch information is shown to play a significant role in this process. However, this effect is less pronounced in tonal language speakers for ununderstood reasons. To explore this further, the current study recruited 140 participants, both tonal and non-tonal language speakers, and tested them using various languages and non-speech fragments. Results indicated that the reduced transformation effect in tonal language speakers was specific to speech materials and did not extend to non-speech materials. This suggests that while repetition invites listeners to perceive musical qualities in sound, the mechanisms underlying speech-to-song transformation seem to operate with an additional layer of linguistic processes. The findings provide a basis for further investigations into the dynamic information processing link between language and music.  

 Do People Know More Than Exemplar Models Would Predict?   
   
 Glass, Joshua C | ; 
  Kurtz, Kenneth 
    
 Exemplar models (e.g., Nosofsky 1986) provide a highly influential account of the psychology of human category learning. However, the explanatory power of exemplar models may falter when applied to behavior outside of standard laboratory paradigms (Murphy, 2016) or even within the realm of traditional category learning experiments (Conaway & Kurtz, 2016; Kurtz & Wetzel, 2021). The present research poses new challenges that test the exemplar view within its wheelhouse of artificial classification learning tasks. Learners acquired categories based on two concentric circles (inner and outer) in feature space. Similarity-matched generalization tests reveal underlying global versus item-based category representation. Implications for exemplar and abstractive formal models of category learning are discussed.  

 A Test of Relational and Concrete Cognitive Biases Across Cultures and Species   
   
 Ozaydin, Teoman | ; 
  Cantlon, Jessica 
    
 American adults exhibit cognitive biases that favor processing relational information (e.g., comparative heights) over concrete metrics (e.g., surface area), but the bias's origin‚Äîcultural, developmental, or evolutionary‚Äîis debated. We explored this question by comparing American adults and children, Tsimane adults (with and without formal-education), and rhesus macaques. Findings indicate that relational biases emerge with increased exposure to formal-education. That is, educated Tsimane and Americans show a relational bias, unlike the concrete bias seen in uneducated Tsimane and macaques. Furthermore, young American children show less relational bias than older children and adults, indicating a progressive increase in relational bias. These findings suggest that while common ancestors of humans and macaques may have evolved to favor simpler concrete processing, this bias can be overridden by environmental influences (e.g., abstract language and symbols) that promote relational processing. Further investigations on early-life biases could help educators tailor teaching methods to cognitive predispositions.  

 The Emergence of Utility from Episodic Memory in a Model of Decision-Making Under Risk   
   
 Sullivan, Rebecca | ; 
  Malaie, Hoshmand | ; 
  Noelle, David C. 
    
 This research explores computational models of decision-making under risk. Our models replace the conventional utility function with an episodic memory retrieval process, dynamically estimating utility by recalling past events. Rather than beginning deliberation with explicit knowledge of choice outcome utilities, the value of an outcome emerges from the stochastic recall of related past experiences. In order to reflect both the cognitive and neural dynamics of episodic recall during decision making, our approach incorporates a computational neuroscience model of the hippocampus. Comparisons between this account and previously published decision-making models demonstrate consistency with patterns of behavior captured by those models, while also making predictions concerning the specific effects of contextually cued memory retrieval. We also propose explorations involving the modeling of interactions between the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex with the goal of shedding light on the neural basis of deliberation.  

 Flexible adjustment to task demands through learning of optimal oscillatory characteristics   
   
 Senoussi, Mehdi | ; 
  Braem, Senne | ; 
  Verguts, Tom 
    
 Humans can flexibly pursue goal-oriented behavior in the face of changes in the environment. Cognitive control refers to this set of processes allowing such adjustments, and is thought to rely on neural oscillations in the theta band (4-8Hz). First, theta amplitude increases when control is needed, and second, shifts of peak frequency in the theta band have been suggested to reliably balance task representation and gating of task-relevant sensory and action information. However, it remains unknown how these two characteristics of the control signal interact and how optimal configuration for task performance is achieved. To tackle this question, we developed a computational model that relies on reinforcement learning principles to find optimal control settings for task performance. Our simulations show that these different oscillatory characteristics play distinct roles in the flexible adjustment to task demands. This work opens new avenues for research on the mechanisms allowing cognitive flexibility.  

 Real-time processing of symmetrical predicates: Semantic categorization over time   
   
 Vurgun, Ugurcan | ; 
  Yun, Heesu | ; 
  Landau, Barbara | ; 
  Trueswell, John 
    
 Symmetry, a fundamental concept in perception and language, poses an interpretative challenge due to the disparity between its formal definition and linguistic expression. Formal symmetry is often distorted when expressed linguistically, such that e.g., 'North Korea is similar to Red China' is interpreted differently from 'Red China is similar to North Korea' despite their logical equivalence (Tversky, 1977). Gleitman et al. (1996) found this interpretive asymmetry stems from the syntactic positions of arguments, such that symmetry is restored when both arguments are on equal syntactic footing (e.g., a Conjoined NP Intransitive, ‚ÄúNorth Korea and China are similar‚Äù). Here a novel eye-tracking method tested how syntax and lexical semantics contribute to symmetrical interpretations. Participants were asked to rapidly sort spoken utterances by clicking on visible folders marked with a symmetrical or asymmetrical icon. Commitments to symmetry based on syntactic evidence emerged rapidly as the sentence unfolded over time.  

 Conceptualizations of the human-nature relationship as a predictor of pro-environmental attitudes and behavior   
   
 Kim, Joan | ; 
  Coley, John D 
    
 This study examines how mental models of the Human-Nature Relationship (HNR) predict pro-environmental behavioral intentions directly and mediated through anthropocentric and biocentric environmental attitudes. We found that behavioral intentions relevant to environmental protection were directly predicted by two aspects of HNR: human superiority beliefs (negatively) and perceived human impact on nature (positively). Protection intentions were also indirectly predicted by these variables, as well as perceived impact of nature on humans (positively) via their association with biocentric attitudes (SRMR= 0.040). In contrast, no component of HNR directly predicted behavioral intentions relevant to environmental investment, although all three showed the same pattern of indirect association via biocentric attitudes (SRMR= 0.036). Results suggest that mental models of the human-nature relationship provide a cognitive foundation for environmental behavioral intentions both directly and through their association with environmental attitudes. These findings have implications for pro-environmental interventions that deal with conceptual and attitudinal change.  

 Context Affects Error Correction During Cross-Situational Word Learning   
   
 Snelling, Katherine D | ; 
  Fitneva, Stanka A. 
    
 Adjusting expectations in response to errors is a cornerstone of several learning theories (Rescorla & Wagner, 1972; Rumelhart et al., 1986). Grimmick (2019) shows that individuals deploy attention during cross-situational word learning based on the strength of the error signal. The current study introduced an equal number of accurate and inaccurate expectations about word-referent pairs. This study manipulated the difficulty of cross-situational word learning trials to examine whether the impact of errors differs depending on task demands. Individuals learned the initially accurate items better than the initially inaccurate ones. Manipulating the demands during word learning did not significantly impact the tendency to benefit from accuracy. This research is part of an ongoing project. This ongoing research explores how individual differences in vocabulary, inhibition, and working memory abilities interact with contextual factors, such as task difficulty, as individuals learn word-referent pairs that violate their expectations.  

 Exploring Loophole Behavior: A Comparative Study of Autistic and Non-Autistic Populations   
   
 Parece, Kiera | ; 
  Bridgers, Sophie | ; 
  Ullman, Tomer D. | ; 
  Schulz, Laura 
    
 Sometimes people ask us to do things we do not want to do. We may try to avoid the aversive consequences of non-compliance by finding a loophole: an interpretation of the request that is consistent with its literal but not intended meaning. Exploiting loopholes requires an integrated understanding of pragmatics, goal alignment, and rational planning. This kind of complex social reasoning may be challenging for people with autism. Here we surveyed parents to study the prevalence and development of loophole behavior in childhood among autistic and non-autistic children. Neither the tendency to produce loopholes nor their developmental trajectory differed between autistic (N = 200) and non-autistic children (N = 200). These results are consistent with previous work suggesting the heterogeneous nature of autism and the difficulty of finding single tasks that distinguish high-functioning children with and without autism; the results also demonstrate that autistic children are capable of this kind of complex social reasoning.  

 Accessing the meanings of ambiguous word roots in context: Evidence from crossmodal priming   
   
 Le Bouar, Cedric | ; 
  de Almeida, Roberto G. 
    
 How are morphemes recognized and interpreted during incremental sentence comprehension? We investigated this question in a crossmodal primed lexical decision task employing words that contain semantically ambiguous roots (e.g., ‚Äòbark'; with meanings related to both ‚Äúdog‚Äù and ‚Äútree‚Äù) but which are disambiguated when affixed by ‚Äú-ing‚Äù (e.g., ‚Äòbarking'; related to ‚Äúdog‚Äù only). We aimed to understand whether access to the meaning of the root ‚Äòbark' would be constrained by lower-level morphological affixation. In our experiment, participants listened to sentences containing an affixed ambiguous root while concurrently performing lexical decisions to a visual target related to the root-only meaning, the affixed meaning, or matched controls. Targets were presented for 80 ms at the recognition point of bark or 500 ms post-recognition. We found that both meanings of the root were activated, despite affixation. Results suggest that a parsing system blind to semantics decomposes morphologically complex words into morphemes before recognition.  

 Real world event schemas offer modality-independent conceptual bases for verb argument structures   
   
 Gonering, Brennan T | ; 
  Liu, Zoey 
    
 Gonering & Corina (2023) argued that abstractions over visual scenes (i.e. schemas or situation models) provide a semantic scaffold for acquiring verb argument structures. We provide a systematic meta-analysis of 158 fMRI studies of verb processing (from NeuroSynth) and 208 fMRI studies of visual event processing (from NeuroQuery) suggestive of their hypothesis. Functional maps produced using Activation Likelihood Estimation via the Neuroimaging Meta-Analysis Research Environment package (Salo et al., 2022) (cluster-level family-wise error corrected using Monte Carlo method) showed overlapping regions of activation in the left inferior parietal lobule and Brodmann's area 47 bilaterally, suggesting shared neural resources for processing verbs and visual scenes. Meta-analyses on additional visual scene and verb processing studies from NeuroSynth and NeuroQuery, respectively, are also underway. We further intend to show that a hierarchical Bayesian model can learn verb argument structures from input statistics, even when they deviate from strong prior event semantic knowledge.  

 Predicting long context effects using surprisal   
   
 Carter, Georgia-Ann | ; 
  Keller, Frank | ; 
  Hoffman, Paul 
    
 We know that context influences the facilitation of language comprehension. Previous research has shown that discourse coherence influences this contextual facilitation, with comprehenders making stronger predictions about upcoming words when reading highly coherent narratives. However, it is unclear whether the predictions made by Large Language Models (LLMs) exhibit similar discourse-level influences. As such, we investigate whether surprisal values from LLMs reflect longer context effects. We calculated word-level surprisal values (as a measure of prediction strength) for passages that vary in coherence. We used these to predict human reading times for the same passages collected from 289 participants. We found that surprisal only predicted reading times early in the target sentence, and that GPT-2's surprisal values were not influenced by discourse coherence, in contrast to human reading data. This has implications on the use of Transformer-based LLMs in modelling human cognition.  

 Inferences about social networks using domain-general reasoning   
   
 Sehl, Claudia G. | ; 
  Friedman, Ori | ; 
  Denison, Stephanie 
    
 People use incomplete social network information to infer relationships. For example, if two individuals have many mutual friends, people infer they are friends with each other. We examined whether these inferences depend on domain-specific knowledge about social relationships, or instead depend on domain general-reasoning about statistics and proportions. In two experiments, participants (N=526) either saw partial information about social networks, like friendships between people, or about non-social networks, like wired connections between electrical parts. They then judged if two entities in each network were directly connected to each other. The entities varied in the number of connections and the proportion of mutual connections. People made similar judgments across social and non-social networks: with greater proportion of mutual connections, the two entities were judged as more likely to be connected to each other. In sum, inferences about networks might primarily depend on reasoning about statistics and proportions.  

 Probability Learning and Repeated Choice in Childhood: A Longitudinal Study   
   
 Thoma, Anna Isabel | ; 
  Schulze, Christin 
    
 What is the developmental trajectory of probability learning in early childhood, and how do changes in choice behavior relate to changes in executive functions? We conducted a two-year longitudinal study with children between the ages of 3.5 and 6.5 years and complemented behavioral analyses with computational modeling to illuminate underlying cognitive processes. On average, children became more likely to choose the high-probability option as they grew older and increasingly diversified choices in line with probability matching by T3. Moreover, younger children in the cohort were more likely to maximize probability than older children. Our analyses suggest that increasing choice diversification across childhood may relate to improving executive functions and value-based learning, whereas probability maximizing may serve as an easily implementable satisficing strategy. Finally, our findings emphasize how children's variability in choice behavior may affect the estimated direction of change and highlight the need for longitudinal research.  

 Does prediction drive neural alignment in conversation?   
   
 Kerr, Emilia | ; 
  Strijkers, Kristof | ; 
  Morillon, Benjamin 
    
 A behavioural and two EEG hyper-scanning experiments are presented which investigate how predictive processing modulates the way interlocutors align behaviourally and at the level of the brain (Hasson, 2012; Pickering & Garrod, 2007). In the experiments interlocutors engaged in dyadic interactions performing a semi-controlled semantic association game and where the p predictability of the semantic associations was manipulated. The behavioural results showed that both interlocutors were around 400 ms faster in the predictable versus non-predictable conditions The results of the two EEG studies aim at demonstrating (1) whether we observe brain-to-brain synchronisation between the interlocutors at the level of word semantics, and (2) whether prediction enhances this synchronisation. To our knowledge, this is the first study to directly demonstrate prediction effects in an interaction.  

 Properties and predictiveness of affective prediction errors   
   
 Vollberg, Marius C 
    
 Do verbally reported feelings follow reinforcement learning principles? Prediction errors‚Äîdifferences between expectations and outcomes‚Äîare key in models of learning across humans, animals, and machines. Historically, the emphasis has been on outcomes in the environment (e.g., money or food), focusing relatively less on the fact that humans can also report correspondingly expected and experienced affect (i.e., feelings). Recent research suggests that expected and experienced affect, including prediction errors, can explain behavior beyond outcomes in the environment alone. However, the properties of affective prediction errors underlying this explanatory power are unknown. We address this gap across two studies. We show that affective prediction errors can decrease over time, but that the decrease depends on introspection (Study 1). We then replicate this finding while additionally documenting transfer effects across tasks (Study 2). Crucially, decreases in affective prediction errors generally occurred independent of changes in behavior.  

 Emergent social transmission of model-based representations without inference   
   
 Bautista, Miriam | ; 
  Uchiyama, Ryutaro | ; 
  Tennie, Claudio | ; 
  Wu, Charley M 
    
 Various methods for social learning have been proposed within the reinforcement learning framework. These methods involve the social transmission of information within specific representational formats like policies, value, or world models. However, transmission of higher-level, model-based representations typically require costly inference (i.e., mentalizing) to ``unpack'' observable actions into putative mental states (e.g., with inverse reinforcement learning). Here, we investigate cheaper, non-mentalizing alternatives to social transmission of model-based representations that bias the statistics of experience to ``hijack'' asocial mechanisms for learning of environments. We simulate a spatial foraging task where a na√Øve learner learns alone or through observing a pre-trained expert. We test model-free vs. model-based learning together with simple non-mentalizing social learning strategies. Through analysis of generalization when the expert can no longer be observed and through correspondence between expert and learner representations, we show how simple social learning mechanisms can give rise to complex forms of cultural transmission.  

 The influence of alcohol-specific episodic memory and cue exposure on value-based decision-making and its role in ad libitum drinking   
   
 Copeland, Amber | ; 
  Stafford, Tom | ; 
  Field, Matt 
    
 Experimentally manipulating alcohol value reliably influences alcohol choice and consumption; however, the cognitive mechanisms that underpin these relationships are not well-understood. Here, we explore whether computational parameters of value-based decision-making (VBDM) change when people experience heightened craving to consume alcohol, and whether parameters of VBDM are predictive of actual drinking behaviour. Prior to completing a novel VBDM task, participants recalled either a positive drinking memory while being exposed to an alcoholic cue (alcohol craving), or a positive alcohol-unrelated memory while being exposed to a soft-drink cue (control). A drift-diffusion model (DDM) was fitted to reaction time and choice data to estimate evidence accumulation (EA) processes and response thresholds during the different blocks in each experimental condition. Subsequently, ad libitum alcohol consumption (disguised as a taste test) was measured. Using computational modelling techniques to quantify the internal processes of decision-making could potentially contribute to identifying innovative targets for treatment interventions.  

 Can deep convolutional networks explain the semantic structure that humans see in photographs?   
   
 Suresh, Siddharth | ; 
  Huang, Wei-Chun | ; 
  Mukherjee, Kushin | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy T 
    
 In visual cognitive neuroscience, there are two main theories about the function of the ventral visual system. One suggests that it serves to classify objects (H1); the other suggests that it generates intermediate representations from which people can generate verbal descriptions, actions, and other kinds of information (H2). To adjudicate these, we trained two deep convolutional AlexNet models on 330,000 images belonging to 86 classes, representing the intersection of Ecoset images and the semantic norms collected by the Leuven group. One model was trained to produce category labels (H1) , the other to generate all of an item's semantic features (H2). The two models learned very different representational geometries throughout the network. The representations acquired by the feature-generating model aligned better with human-perceived similarities amongst images, and better predicted human judgments in a triadic comparison task. The results thus support H2.  

 Language and Culture Interact in Moral Decision-Making   
   
 Brieke, Ricarda | ; 
  Wang, Chunru | ; 
  Harris, Lasana 
    
 A growing body of research indicates that moral decision-making is influenced by language status. Across studies and language combinations, participants make more utilitarian judgements when responding to moral dilemmas in a foreign (L2), compared to a native (L1) language. One explanation for the Foreign Language Effect is a reduced access to social norms in L2, since normative knowledge is acquired early in life in the native language. To test this account, we provided Chinese-English late bilinguals with ‚Äútemporary social norms‚Äù: Upon dilemma presentation, response percentages of alleged previous participants were shown, representing either a deontological or utilitarian majority. We found that in English, participants conformed to utilitarian and deontological majority information, highlighting the malleability of moral decisions in an L2 context. In Chinese, participants only conformed to the utilitarian majority, potentially reflecting the influence of collectivist values. Our findings highlight the complex interplay between language, culture, and social norms in moral cognition.  

 Building and Validating Multiword Expression Lexicons with a Case Study on Language and Conspiracy Theories   
   
 Klein, Emily 
    
 Psycholinguistic dictionaries or lexicons have been used for text analysis in a variety of domains, from analyzing terrorist manifestos to congressional speeches. Methods for developing these dictionaries generally focus on identifying lexemes ‚Äì single semantic units ‚Äì that map to psychological categories such as health (containing words like yoga, disease, neurosis), positive sentiment (happy, joy), or interpersonal conflict (fight, kill). The focus on single lexemes neglects multiword expressions (such as kick the bucket, by and large, birds of a feather), which constitute a significant portion of any language and offer similar insight into human psychology and cognition. This paper proposes a methodology for developing lexicons of multiword expressions of psychological significance, and addresses the considerations specific to identifying and validating multiword expressions. Using this methodology, I developed two lexicons of multiword expressions that correspond to two cognitive processes and used them to analyze qualitative text data discussing belief in conspiracy theories.  

 Exposure to the ideas of others in idea generation   
   
 Kiyokawa, Sachiko 
    
 Collaboration takes place everywhere in everyday life, and exposure to the ideas of others is a core process in collaboration. In this study, we investigated whether exposure to other people's ideas facilitates idea generation: 123 participants were asked to list as many ideas as possible to increase turnout in one of three conditions: constant exposure, intermittent exposure, or no exposure. Participants in the no exposure condition generated ideas without exposure to other's ideas. In the constant exposure condition, one of the sets of ideas generated by participants in the no exposure condition was presented on every trial. In the intermittent exposure condition, ideas were only presented in trials 1, 4, and 7. As a result, there was no significant difference in the number of ideas generated between conditions. The conditions under which exposure to the ideas of others facilitates idea generation were discussed.  

 Seeing speech: Cerebral mecanisms of Cued Speech perception   
   
 Sarré, Annahita | ; 
  Cohen, Laurent 
    
 Most alphabets are based on visual coding of phonemes and syllables, and similar visual codes were developed for visually conveying the sounds of speech to deaf people. Notably, Cued Speech (CS) allows for syllables to be specified by a combination of lip configuration, hand location and hand shape. The use of this communication system has been proven to improve general language skills in a deaf community characterized by low literacy. Meanwhile, the mechanisms of CS perception remain largely unknown. In an fMRI study involving 3 groups of participants (deaf and hearing people proficient in CS and a group of hearing people na√Øve to CS), we identify the brain areas that process and, more specifically, encode the various components of CS. Particular attention is given to the role of expertise, and to the links between CS and reading, two coexisting visual codes for language that both compete and support each other.  

 An experimental assessment of the nall lexical gap   
   
 Maldonado, Mora | ; 
  Zhou, Ruizhe | ; 
  Spector, Benjamin 
    
 Universal constraints on word meaning apply to both lexical and logical words. Across languages, a well-known gap in the logical vocabulary is that 'not all' is never lexicalized. This gap extends beyond determiners to the modal and temporal domains; e.g. 'not must' and 'not always' are typically not lexicalized (Horn 1973). The challenge is to explain this gap. The non-lexicalization of 'not all' has been explained as resulting from a cognitive bias against intrinsically marked meanings (e.g., Katzir and Singh 2013). Recent alternative accounts, however, have explained this same gap relying on considerations of communicative efficiency rather than cognitive markedness (e.g., Enguehard and Spector 2021). In a series of word learning experiments, we disentangle these views by testing whether learners are more likely to infer that a novel word means 'some' rather than 'not all' and whether this varies depending on the communicative needs in the context.  

 Informativity effects can be probability effects in disguise   
   
 Kapatsinski, Vsevolod 
    
 Several studies found that word duration is predicted by its informativity (average past predictability) above and beyond predictability in the current context, suggesting retrieval of phonetically-specific tokens from memory. We show that a significant effect of informativity can emerge from noise in predictability estimates. We generate durations from a model in which 38% of log duration is predicted by log probability, as in our actual data, but the rest is normally-distributed noise. Estimated probability for each word in each context is then generated from a binomial distribution with success probability from the real sample and size matching context frequency. We compute informativity and fit the regression model we fit to the real data. Informativity is significant in 100% of simulations, even though probability is the only true predictor, although the effect of informativity is smaller in simulation (0.7 < b < 0.10) than in the actual corpus (b = 0.12).  

 Evaluating word association-derived word embeddings on semantic analogies   
   
 Lión, Rocío Belén | ; 
  Quintero, Hernan | ; 
  Valle-Lisboa, Juan C | ; 
  Cabana, Alvaro 
    
 Word embeddings trained on large scale text corpora are central to modern natural language processing and are also important as cognitive models and tools in psycholinguistic research (Pennington et al., 2014). An important alternative to these text-based models are embeddings derived from word association norms (De Deyne et al., 2019). Recently, these association-based embeddings have been shown to outperform text-based word embeddings of comparable complexity (such as GloVE, word2Vec & fastText) in semantic similarity rating tasks (Cabana et al., 2023; Richie & Bhatia, 2021). Here we evaluate English and Rioplatense Spanish association-based embeddings derived from the Small World of Words (SWOW) project on the Google Analogy set and the Bigger Analogy Test Set (Gladkova et al., 2016). We also developed a small analogy set that focuses on semantic relationships, such as event knowledge and category-exemplar relationships such as prototypicality. SWOW-derived word embeddings perform similarly as traditional text-based word embeddings in semantic analogies, and outform them in some categories. These results illustrate relevant similarities and differences between text-based and word association-derived embeddings. References Cabana, √Å., Zugarramurdi, C., Valle-Lisboa, J. C., & De Deyne, S. (2023). The ‚ÄúSmall World of Words‚Äù free association norms for Rioplatense Spanish. Behavior Research Methods. https://doi.org/10.3758/s13428-023-02070-z De Deyne, S., Navarro, D. J., Perfors, A., Brysbaert, M., & Storms, G. (2019). The ‚ÄúSmall World of Words‚Äù English word association norms for over 12,000 cue words. Behavior Research Methods, 51(3), 987‚Äì1006. https://doi.org/10.3758/s13428-018-1115-7 Gladkova, A., Drozd, A., & Matsuoka, S. (2016). Analogy-based detection of morphological and semantic relations with word embeddings: What works and what doesn't. Proceedings of the NAACL Student Research Workshop, 8‚Äì15. https://doi.org/10.18653/v1/N16-2002 Richie, R., & Bhatia, S. (2021). Similarity Judgment Within and Across Categories: A Comprehensive Model Comparison‚ÄîRichie‚Äî2021‚ÄîCognitive Science‚ÄîWiley Online Library. Cognitive Science, e13030. https://doi.org/10.1111/cogs.13030  

 Does familiarity drive the self-prioritization effects in attentional processing? Evidence from the Attentional Blink Task.   
   
 YADAV, DIPANJALI | ; 
  Verma, Ark 
    
 Previous research with suggests that individuals show prioritized processing for self-referenced stimuli, from self-faces, self-names to momentarily associated arbitrary geometrical shapes. We asked our participants to perform an attentional blink task with self-associated arbitrary geometrical shapes and self-names where these stimuli were either presented as T1(Exp 1A & 2A) or T2 (Exp 1B & 2B). Given that the self-referential shapes would engage more resources a larger attentional blink was expected in Exp1A & 2A, and was found for self-names(2A) as compared to self shapes (1A); however no difference between shapes & names was found when these were presented as the T2 ( Exp 1B & 2B. We conclude that the higher familiarity of self-names drove the larger attentional blink observed with these stimuli and manifested in a bias relative to the control stimuli which were friend and stranger referenced stimuli.  

 Mitigating Modality-Based Interference: Multitasking practice and the distinctiveness of task representation in sensory brain regions   
   
 Mueckstein, Marie | ; 
  Görgen, Kai | ; 
  Heinzel, Stephan | ; 
  Granacher, Urs | ; 
  Rapp, Michael A. | ; 
  Stelzel, Christine 
    
 Representational overlap is debated as the neural basis of multitasking costs. Cognitive theories propose that overlapping task representations lead to an unintended exchange of information between tasks (e.g., crosstalk). Recently, modality-based crosstalk was suggested as a source for multitasking costs in multisensory settings. Robust findings of increased costs for certain modality mappings, even when both tasks use non-overlapping stimulus and response modalities, may be explained by crosstalk between the stimulus modality in one task and sensory action consequences in the concurrently performed task. This study (N = 54) employs functional neuroimaging, multivariate pattern analysis, and modality-specific interventions to investigate neural overlap in multitasking, emphasizing modality compatibility. Noteworthy, differences in single-task representations were found in the auditory cortex but not in fronto-parietal regions. Improved auditory decoding accuracy in modality-incompatible tasks predicted dual-task performance gains, eliminating modality-specific costs, exclusively for the modality-incompatible intervention group. This study provides neural evidence for modality-based crosstalk in sensory regions.  

 Neurally Enhanced Control over Social Avoidance during Public Speaking Exposure in Social Anxiety   
   
 de Andrade, Mariana Carneiro | ; 
  Ahmar, Davide | ; 
  Dijkstra, Nina | ; 
  Meijer, Sjoerd | ; 
  Bramson, Bob | ; 
  Hutschemaekers, Moniek | ; 
  Kampman, Mirjam | ; 
  Toni, Ivan | ; 
  Roelofs, Karin 
    
 Socially anxious individuals often engage in subtle avoidance behaviors (SABs) to mitigate their distress during feared social situations, such as avoiding eye-contact during a public speech. However, by preventing direct confrontation with their fears, SABs greatly hinder the efficacy of exposure therapy, the first-line treatment for social anxiety. Here, we test whether neural stimulation of the brain circuits controlling avoidance behavior can augment the efficacy of exposure therapy. This intervention relies on evidence that dual-site transcranial alternating-current simulation (tACS) of theta-gamma phase-amplitude couplings between frontal regions can improve control over social avoidance tendencies. Here, we use the same tACS protocol (active, or sham) on socially anxious individuals undergoing a standardized exposure to public speaking. Additionally, we implement quantitative, multimodal estimates of SABs using motion-tracking, eye-tracking, and prosodic analyses of participants' public speeches. We expect quantifiable reductions in multimodal measures of SABs during active-vs-sham tACS, ultimately enhancing exposure therapy's efficacy.  

 Voice markers of neuropsychiatric disorders: assessing the generalizability performance of machine learning models   
   
 Parola, Alberto | ; 
  Rybner, Astrid | ; 
  Jessen, Emil Trenckner | ; 
  Larsen, Stine Nyhus | ; 
  Mortensen, Marie Damsgaard | ; 
  Simonsen, Arndis | ; 
  Zhou, Yuan | ; 
  Koelkebeck, Katja | ; 
  Bliksted, Vibeke | ; 
  Fusaroli, Riccardo 
    
 This research explores the potential of machine learning (ML) in identifying vocal markers for schizophrenia. While previous research showed that voice-based ML models can accurately predict schizophrenia diagnosis and symptoms, it is unclear to what extent such ML markers generalize to different clinical subpopulations and languages: the assessment of generalization performance is however crucial for testing their clinical applicability. We systematically examined voice-based ML model performance on a large cross-linguistic dataset (3 languages: Danish, German, Chinese). Employing a rigorous pipeline to minimize overfitting, including cross-validated training sets and multilingual models, we assessed generalization on participants with schizophrenia and controls speaking the same or different languages. Model performance was comparable to state-of-the art findings (F1-score ~ 0.75) within the same language; however, models did not generalize well - showing a substantial decrease - when tested on new languages, and the performance of multilingual models was also generally low (F1-score ~ 0.50).  

 In search for complementarity: evaluating confirmation trees across domains and varying levels of human expertise   
   
 Berger, Julian | ; 
  Andersen, Frederik | ; 
  Verdes, Diana | ; 
  Lorenzen, Kristian Peter | ; 
  Analytis, Pantelis | ; 
  Kurvers, Ralf 
    
 We study hybrid confirmation trees, a simple heuristic for producing hybrid intelligence in high-stakes classification tasks. Hybrid confirmation trees first elicit the decision of one human expert and one algorithm. Whenever the two agree a decision is immediately made. In case of disagreement, a second human expert is called in to break the tie. We apply this approach to data on deepfake detection, recidivism prediction and skin tumor diagnosis and investigate how it performs for experts of varying levels of skill. Our approach proves to be a powerful alternative to human-only confirmation trees in all data sets we test and for all skill levels as it performs similar, if not better, at reduced cost. In addition, for high-performing individuals it can outperform both human confirmation trees and algorithms, producing complementary human-algorithm performance. We show that this effect exists because skilled experts disagree with the algorithm on the right instances.  

 Insights from the first BabyLM Challenge: Training sample-efficient language models on a developmentally plausible corpus   
   
 Warstadt, Alex | ; 
  Mueller, Aaron | ; 
  Choshen, Leshem | ; 
  Wilcox, Ethan Gotlieb | ; 
  Zhuang, Chengxu | ; 
  Williams, Adina | ; 
  Cotterell, Ryan | ; 
  Linzen, Tal 
    
 Language models have great potential as cognitive models for studying human language acquisition, but current models are far less data-efficient than human learners. Children acquire language from 100 million words or less, but large language models are trained on trillions of words. We discuss the prospects for improving language models' developmental plausibility through a meta-analysis of results from the 2023 BabyLM Challenge. BabyLM was a competition that invited participants to train a language model on a 100 million-word corpus including transcribed speech and child-appropriate texts. Results from over 30 submissions showed that new machine learning techniques and increased training iterations yielded models that outperformed leading large language models in grammar, language understanding, and linguistic generalization, while cognitively plausible approaches such as curriculum learning were less effective. We discuss the implications of these and other findings for computational cognitive modeling and explore ideas to ensure future competitions' contributions to cognitive science.  

 Understanding the impact of early adverse experiences on computational models of neurocognitive processes in adolescents   
   
 Zhang, Yue | ; 
  Hardi, Felicia | ; 
  Weigard, Alexander S. | ; 
  Scavnicky, Maria K. | ; 
  Mitchell, Colter | ; 
  Hyde, Luke W. | ; 
  Monk, Christopher S. S. 
    
 Environmental stressors present negative consequences for development. However, their impact on relevant neurocognitive processes, particularly in underrepresented samples, is less clear. The current project aims to examine how adverse experiences influence efficiency of evidence accumulation and neural connectivity in adolescents. The study included 199 adolescents from the Future of Families and Child Wellbeing Study, a population-based longitudinal cohort study with substantial representation of youths from disadvantaged backgrounds. Participants completed an emotional-faces, gender-identification task while undergoing functional MRI. Reaction times (RT) and responses were recorded and fitted with a drift diffusion model. Parameters were estimated using the Dynamic Model of Choice software, which provides a better characterization of the underlying cognitive mechanisms compared with using RTs or cognitive batteries. Analyses investigating the impact of adverse experiences to drift rate and functional connectivity are underway. Results from this study will provide a better understanding of adversity on neurocognitive mechanisms in adolescents.  

 Papers with Poster Presentation  
 Differential Neural Correlates of EEG Mediate the Impact of Internally and Externally Directed Attention in a Dual-task Working Memory Paradigm   
   
 Yadav, Ankit | ; 
  Banerjee, Dr. Arpan | ; 
  Roy, Dr. Dipanjan 
    
 Spontaneous internally directed attention, such as mind wandering, typically hinders performance in cognitive tasks. The impact of intentional internally directed attention (IDA) ‚Äì for instance, deliberately thinking about past or future events ‚Äì on task performance, however, remains unclear. In our study, we employed a dual-task paradigm that involved self-referential stimuli in a color-recall visual working memory task. This approach revealed that intentional IDA more significantly influences performance compared to intentional externally directed attention (EDA). We observed larger late positive potentials (LPP) over medial frontal sensors, suggesting sustained stimulus processing over frontal sensors under IDA. Additionally, we noted a pattern of neural activity associated with internal attention: event-related desynchronization (ERD) in the alpha band (8-12 Hz) during the encoding phase and event-related synchronization (ERS) in the delay phase. In contrast, the EDA condition was marked by theta (4-8 Hz) band ERS during the delay period. These findings highlight distinct behavioral impacts and neural patterns associated with internally versus externally directed attention in dual-task settings.  

 Mind Perception at Play: Exploring Agent and Action Dynamics in Real-Time Human-Robot Interaction   
   
 Pekçetin, Tuƒüçe Nur | ; 
  Evsen, ≈ûeyda | ; 
  Pekçetin, Serkan | ; 
  Acarturk, Cengiz | ; 
  Urgen, Burcu A. 
    
 The study of mind perception, particularly how one perceives the mental states of `others,' has attracted considerable interest in cognitive science. The present study contributes to the investigation of mind perception in a human-robot interaction context, by testing a humanoid robot and a human and their communicative and noncommunicative actions. We examine mind perception across its two primary dimensions: Agency and Experience and in their High and Low ends. The novelty of our study lies in its real-time and implicit nature---both identified as crucial elements in current debates within the field. Our results indicate that testing physically present and active agents, as well as exposing participants to various types of live actions, influences mental capacity attributions across different capacities. Additionally, the integration of behavioral measurements alongside verbal data holds promise for a detailed interpretation of the mind perception process.  

 Complexity-Theoretic Limits on the Promises of Artificial Neural Network Reverse-Engineering   
   
 Adolfi, Federico | ; 
  Vilas, Martina G. | ; 
  Wareham, Todd 
    
 Emerging folklore in the cognitive sciences suggests that interpretability techniques to reverse-engineer artificial neural networks (ANNs) could speed up discovery and theory-building. For many researchers in psychology, linguistics, neuroscience, and artificial intelligence (AI), the full observability and perturbability of ANNs trained on complex tasks affords a shortcut to domain insights, cognitive theories, neurocognitive models, application improvement, and user safety. Folklore intuitions, however, are typically disconnected from other relevant knowledge. Here we examine these intuitions formally by drawing relevant connections to computational complexity theory. We model interpretability queries computationally and analyze their resource demands for biological/artificial high-level cognition. We prove mathematically that, contrary to folklore, basic circuit-finding queries in classic ANNs are already infeasibly demanding to answer even approximately. We discuss how interdisciplinary integration can mitigate this disconnect and situate the broader implications for the cognitive sciences, the philosophy of AI-fueled discovery, and AI ethics.  

 Bridging the Gap: Advancing Commonsense Question Answering with Integrated Multi-Modal Knowledge   
   
 Zhao, Yongqiang | ; 
  Jin, Zhi | ; 
  Zhang, Feng | ; 
  Xu, Xinhai | ; 
  Liu, Donghong 
    
 Most current research on commonsense question answering (CQA) has focused on proposing different techniques in natural language processing and text information retrieval. However, for human cognition, retrieving and organizing desired answers from text knowledge related to commonsense questions is far less intuitive and comprehensive than it is when using multi-modal knowledge, such as related images and videos. Motivated by this, we propose a framework for trying the acquisition of diverse modal information, and embedding and integrating it into CQA tasks, further improving the performance and user experience. Specifically, this paper proposes the integration of multi-modal knowledge, including images, image description statements, image scene graphs, and knowledge sub-graphs, into a CQA system. It introduces a parallel embedding technique for this multi-modal knowledge and employs an alignment-interaction-fusion mechanism to facilitate the seamless integration of this multi-modal knowledge. Through extensive experiments, the effectiveness and superiority of our proposed method are demonstrated.  

 Unveiling Diplomatic Narratives: Analyzing United Nations Security Council Debates Through Metaphorical Cognition   
   
 Mao, Rui | ; 
  Zhang, Tianwei | ; 
  Liu, Qian | ; 
  Hussain, Amir | ; 
  Cambria, Erik 
    
 The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) is entrusted with the responsibility of safeguarding global peace and security. Prominent global security concerns will be deliberated upon, and viewpoints will be presented within the UNSC. Analyzing the cognitive patterns from UNSC debates helps scholars gain insights into the intricacies of international relations and diplomatic discourse. In this study, our focus lies in the cognitive analysis of debates held within the UNSC. We employ metaphors and their associated concept mappings as a methodological tool to dissect the cognitive nuances present in the debates, spanning from January 1995 to December 2020. To undertake this extensive analysis from a large volume of documents, we leverage MetaPro, a state-of-the-art computational metaphor processing system to obtain the concept mappings of metaphors. We analyze cognitive variations by temporal and geographical variables. We also demonstrate the correlation between metaphor-reflected cognition and diplomatic behavior, and their recursive influence, based on large sample research. Our major finding highlights the mutual impacts of metaphorical cognition and voting behavior at the UN.  

 Analysing Cross-Speaker Convergence in Face-to-Face Dialogue through the Lens of Automatically Detected Shared Linguistic Constructions   
   
 Ghaleb, Esam | ; 
  Rasenberg, Marlou | ; 
  Pouw, Wim | ; 
  Toni, Ivan | ; 
  Holler, Judith | ; 
  Ozyurek, Asli | ; 
  Fernandez, Raquel 
    
 Conversation requires a substantial amount of coordination between dialogue participants, from managing turn taking to negotiating mutual understanding. Part of this coordination effort surfaces as the reuse of linguistic behaviour across speakers, a process often referred to as alignment. While the presence of linguistic alignment is well documented in the literature, several questions remain open, including the extent to which patterns of reuse across speakers have an impact on the emergence of labelling conventions for novel referents. In this study, we put forward a methodology for automatically detecting shared lemmatised constructions---expressions with a common lexical core used by both speakers within a dialogue---and apply it to a referential communication corpus where participants aim to identify novel objects for which no established labels exist. Our analyses uncover the usage patterns of shared constructions in interaction and reveal that features such as their frequency and the amount of different constructions used for a referent are associated with the degree of object labelling convergence the participants exhibit after social interaction. More generally, the present study shows that automatically detected shared constructions offer a useful level of analysis to investigate the dynamics of reference negotiation in dialogue.  

 A Novel Self-Supervised Learning Method for Sleep Staging and its Pilot Study on Patients with Disorder of Consciousness   
   
 Li, Jingcong | ; 
  Chen, Quanlin | ; 
  Pan, Jiahui | ; 
  Huang, Haiyun 
    
 Sleep staging holds significant importance in clinical medicine, aiding in the diagnosis of various disorders related to sleep and cognition. However, manually annotating a large amount of sleep data is time-consuming and labor-intensive, making it difficult to achieve. Efficiently utilizing these unannotated data poses a challenging task. We propose a novel self-supervised learning method with Temporal-split Contrastive and Electrode Autoencoder (TsC-EA) for sleep staging. We demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in self-supervised learning on SleepEDF and MASS-SS3. Moreover, experimental results indicate that our method can surpass the performance of supervised learning methods using only 10% of labeled data. Additionally, we explore the application of self-supervised learning in patients with disorder of consciousness. It can assist in diagnosing the severity of DoC through analysis of sleep staging. Staging the sleep patterns of patients with disorders of consciousness can help in diagnosing the severity of their condition.  

 Memristor-based Bionic Decision-making Circuit Inspired by Self-awareness   
   
 Wang, Zilu 
    
 Advancing intelligent systems requires efficient computational architectures built on emerging electronic computing devices, as well as effective biomimetic function simulation to improve overall intelligence. Here we design a memristor-based circuit inspired by self-awareness concepts. It effectively achieves bionic adaptive decision-making by mimicking habituation learning mechanisms. Memristors serve as foundational units in the circuit, facilitating the simulation of functions akin to biological neurons and synapses. They help implement key features such as information filtering, integration, and synaptic plasticity through concise circuit structures and efficient computing methods. Experimental results indicate that our circuit is capable of rapid and efficient information processing through in-memory analog computing, and it can make more reasonable and intelligent adaptive decisions by incorporating self-awareness concepts and biomimetic mechanisms. Extending this work to large-scale decision-making systems holds potential for intelligent platforms aiming to achieve advanced cognitive capabilities.  

 Objectifying Gaze: an empirical study with non-sexualized images   
   
 agrawal, ayushi kumari | ; 
  BHUPATHIRAJU, SRIJA KRISHNA | ; 
  Vemuri, Kavita 
    
 Empirical investigations demonstrate similar cognitive processing patterns for objects and sexualized women. However, sexual objectification (SO) extends beyond sexualized women. To explore SO, we apply eye-tracking technique in conjunction with local/global and body-inversion paradigms. Ninety-four college students participated in the study. The visual gaze on non-sexualized South-Asian wo(men) images and the response time in Navon task post-priming with upright and inverted images is analyzed. Results indicate that participants of both genders gaze objectify females. Interestingly, male images are also gaze objectified. A comparison of attention allocation to face versus sexual body parts in upright versus inverted female images shows a reduced face-to-body ratio for the latter orientation, indicating a gender-specific attention shift. Combining the two SO theories, the study objectively substantiates the claim that women undergo objectification in even in non-sexual attire.  

 Coordination, rather than pragmatics, shapes colexification when the pressure for efficiency is low.   
   
 Koshevoy, Alexey | ; 
  Dautriche, Isabelle | ; 
  Morin, Olivier | ; 
  Smith, Kenny 
    
 We investigate the phenomenon of colexification, where a sin- gle wordform is associated with multiple meanings. Previ- ous research on colexification has primarily focused on em- pirical studies of different properties of the meanings that de- termine colexification, such as semantic similarity or meaning frequency. Meanwhile, little attention was paid to the word- forms' properties, despite being the original approach advo- cated by Zipf. Our preregistered study examines whether word length influences word choice for colexification using a novel dyadic communication game (N = 64) and a computational model grounded in the Rational Speech Act (RSA) framework. Contrary to initial predictions, participants did not exhibit a strong preference for efficient colexification (namely colexi- fying multiple concepts using short words, when long alter- natives are available). The results align more closely with a simpler coordination model, where dyads align on a function- ing lexical convention with relatively little influence from the efficiency of that convention. Our study highlights the pos- sibility that colexification choices are strongly determined by the pressure for coordination, with weaker influences from se- mantic similarity or meaning frequency. This is most likely explained by weak pressure for efficiency in our experimental design.  

 The Impact of Mask Use on Face Recognition in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder: An Eye-Tracking Study   
   
 Zheng, Yueyuan | ; 
  Liao, Weiyan | ; 
  Tso, Ricky Van-yip | ; 
  Hsiao, Janet 
    
 Through comparing autistic and non-autistic adults in learning and recognizing masked faces, we found that although autistic participants generally had poorer face recognition performance than matched controls, the two groups were similarly impaired by mask use. Nevertheless, when viewing masked faces during learning, they showed reduced tendency to look at the eyes and reduced change in eye movement consistency as compared with controls; this was not observed during recognition. Across participants, selective attention ability and flexibility to change face scanning behavior according to mask conditions were two important factors accounting for individual differences in performance. Interestingly, autistic spectrum quotient accounted for additional variance when recognizing masked faces learned also with a mask, suggesting additional influence from one's autistic traits that could have impacted face learning experience during development. Our findings have important implications for identifying vulnerable populations whose face recognition ability may be particularly affected by mask use.  

 Random Replaying Consolidated Knowledge in the Continual Learning Model   
   
 Wang, Guanglu | ; 
  Liu, Xinyue | ; 
  Liang, Wenxin | ; 
  Zong, Linlin | ; 
  Zhang, XianChao 
    
 A continual learning (CL) model is designed to solve the catastrophic forgetting problem, which damages the performance of neural networks by overwriting previous knowledge with new knowledge. The fundamental cause of this problem is that previous data is not available when training new data in the CL setting. The memory-based CL methods leverage a memory buffer to address this problem by storing a limited subset of previous data for replay, and most methods of this type adopt random storage and replay strategies. In the human brain, the hippocampus replays consolidated knowledge from the neocortex in a random manner, e.g., random dreaming. Inspired by this memory mechanism, we propose a memory-based method, which replays more consolidated memory data while maintaining the randomness. Our work highlights that random replaying is important for the CL model, which confirms the effectiveness of random dreaming in the human brain.  

 Exploring horizontal homophony in pronominal paradigms: A case study where cross-linguistic regularities defy individual learning biases   
   
 Saldana, Carmen | ; 
  Maldonado, Mora 
    
 Homophony (i.e, multiple meanings expressed by the same form) is ubiquitous across the world's languages. Despite its pervasiveness, not all instances of homophony are equally likely, which suggests that homophony is unlikely to be accidental. There is a growing body of literature which aims to thoroughly examine cross-linguistic regularities in patterns of homophony and explain these from constraints in language learning and use, both at the lexical and morphosyntactic levels. Here, we examine a specific case of homophony in pronominal paradigms, that is, the lack of a number distinction (singular vs plural) for a given person value (first, second and third), a phenomenon coined as horizontal homophony. Cysouw (2003) suggested that a lack of number distinction is more likely to be found in third person (i.e., 3SG=3PL) than in second (i.e., 2SG=2PL), and it is least frequently found in first person (i.e., 1SG=1PL). We refer to this generalisation as the Horizontal Homophony Hierarchy: 3 > 2 > 1 (where > represents frequency inequality). This generalisation was nevertheless only made via qualitative description and by raw counts, and merely described without motivated explanation. In this study we take a step back and present additional evidence supporting the Horizontal Homophony Hierarchy. First, we ascertain the robustness of this typological tendency through a statistical analysis using the largest cross-linguistic database of pronominal paradigms to date (926 languages from 229 different families). Next, we explore whether the Horizontal Homophony Hierarchy has a corresponding learning correlate, which would indicate that this asymmetry is at least partly rooted in a cognitive bias. Specifically, we examine asymmetries in how easily adult humans learn different types of horizontal homophony in an artificial language learning experiment. The results from our typological analysis corroborate a hierarchy of horizontal homophony 3 > 2 > 1 in the world's languages. However, our experimental results provide evidence against a learning bias underlying the hierarchy, thus suggesting that motivated explanations of the typology (if any) are more likely to be found in alternative pressures such as communicative need and efficiency.  

 The Development of Conceptual Compositionality in Children   
   
 Alderete, Stephanie | ; 
  Cao, Wenqing | ; 
  Piantadosi, Steven | ; 
  Xu, Fei 
    
 One of the core properties of human language is compositionality: the meaning of a sentence can be understood by the meaning of individual words and the rules for combining them (Szabó, 2020). We investigate the development of conceptual compositionality (the combination of concepts). In our study, 6- to 9-year-old children (N = 40) were shown a card with two objects (e.g., a car and a star). Participants were introduced to two characters (a robot and a wizard) that used their powers to change the objects in different ways (e.g., turning one object pink). In the test trials, participants were asked to predict what a card would look like after both characters used their powers on the same card. All participants successfully learned the characters' powers, but only participants 7.5 years and older succeeded in the compositionality test trials. Our findings suggest that by age 7.5 children can successfully compose functions.  

 Breadth of the Stars: Exploring Adjectival Breadth in Online Reviews   
   
 Lin, Lin | ; 
  Dale, Rick | ; 
  Stroessner, Steve 
    
 Language is fundamental in human cognition and communication, helping us to encode the world around us. Adjectives represent a linguistic form used extensively, particularly in the social domain. Adjectives vary in both their valence and their breadth (e.g., ‚Äúpunctual‚Äù is narrower than ‚Äúdependable‚Äù). Variations in adjectival breadth have not been studied extensively but may have significant consequences across various domains. The present study explores how subtle distinctions in adjective use may relate to descriptions of experiences that people share. To assess linguistic breadth in online communication, we examine whether online reviews with different star ratings are associated with differences in adjectival breadth. Through an analysis of over 200,000 reviews from Amazon digital music (Study 1) and Yelp restaurants (Study 2), we find evidence that linguistic desirability and breadth of adjectives in reviews positively correlate with their ratings. Specifically, higher-rated reviews tend to use broader and more desirable adjectives. However, this relationship varies between product categories, with high-rated music reviews showing increased linguistic breadth and desirability, while top-rated restaurant reviews demonstrate a decrease in breadth. This paper contributes to understanding linguistic breadth in social media contexts, highlighting how subtle language variations in evaluations can reflect different cognitive and communicative processes.  

 Understanding Time in Children's Mind: Development of Mental Timelines on Three-dimensional Axes   
   
 Jiang, Jiayu | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 Mandarin speakers have different space-time mappings than English speakers, but how Mandarin-speaking children spatialize time is unknown. We explored the development of 3D time-space representations in Chinese children aged 3 to 5. 145 Mandarin-speaking children, divided into three conditions (Exp1: horizontal, vertical, and Exp2: sagittal axes), undertook an MTL task for ten picture stories. We analysed their choices in 3-step temporal events, intending to test their sequential and directional preference of time (e.g., order vs. disorder; left-to- right vs. right-to-left). The results showed that Chinese children acquired sequential temporal representations on the horizontal and vertical axes at age 4, similar to English-speaking children. However, their directional preferences appeared earlier than English children (Exp1). Furthermore, the sagittal axis had different patterns: sequentiality emerged only at age 5, but directional preference still has not emerged in the whole 3- 5age group.These findings emphasize that language and culture impact children's conceptualization of time.  

 Asymmetry in Language, Asymmetry in Mind: The Effect of Sagittal Time-space Metaphors on Children's Understanding of Time   
   
 Jiang, Jiayu | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 Although space helps children to grasp time, comprehending temporal metaphors remains challenging. Particularly, Mandarin has different degree of ambiguity in sagittal time-space metaphors, where ‚Äòqian' (front/past) expresses both future-in-front and past-in-front mappings but ‚Äòhou' (back/future) predominately expresses future-at-back mappings. Temporal metaphors with a longer duration unit (e.g., year vs. hour) also increase this challenge. We investigated: 1) when children understand sagittal time-space metaphors; 2) whether different degree of ambiguity leads children to having an asymmetric understanding of the past and future; 3) how the unit of temporal duration affects time understanding. 138 Mandarin-speaking children (3-5 years) undertook an 8-item sagittal time-space metaphors test. The results showed that age 5 is a milestone to understand sagittal time-space metaphors, and a longer unit of time duration and more ambiguous space-time metaphors hinder children's time comprehension. This study reveals the development of time cognition in non-western children and demonstrates how language impacts cognition.  

 Whodunnit? Inferring what happened from multimodal evidence   
   
 Wu, Sarah A | ; 
  Brockbank, Erik | ; 
  Cha, Hannah | ; 
  Fränken, Jan-Philipp | ; 
  Jin, Emily | ; 
  Huang, Zhuoyi | ; 
  Liu, Weiyu | ; 
  Zhang, Ruohan | ; 
  Wu, Jiajun | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
    
 Humans are remarkably adept at inferring the causes of events in their environment; doing so often requires incorporating information from multiple sensory modalities. For instance, if a car slows down in front of us, inferences about why they did so are rapidly revised if we also hear sirens in the distance. Here, we investigate the ability to reconstruct others' actions and events from the past by integrating multimodal information. Participants were asked to infer which of two agents performed an action in a household setting given either visual evidence, auditory evidence, or both. We develop a computational model that makes inferences by generating multimodal simulations, and also evaluate our task on a large language model (GPT-4) and a large multimodal model (GPT-4V). We find that humans are relatively accurate overall and perform best when given multimodal evidence. GPT-4 and GPT-4V performance comes close overall, but is very weakly correlated with participants across individual trials. Meanwhile, the simulation model captures the pattern of human responses well. Multimodal event reconstruction represents a challenge for current AI systems, and frameworks that draw on the cognitive processes underlying people's ability to reconstruct events offer a promising avenue forward.  

 Stick to your Role! Stability of Personal Values Expressed in Large Language Models   
   
 Kovaƒç, Grgur | ; 
  Portelas, Rémy | ; 
  Sawayama, Masataka | ; 
  Dominey, Peter Ford | ; 
  Oudeyer, Pierre-Yves 
    
 Standard Large Language Models (LLMs) evaluation contains many different queries from similar minimal contexts (e.g. multiple choice questions). Conclusions from such evaluations are little informative about models' behavior in different new contexts (e.g. in deployment). We argue that context-dependence should be studied as a property of LLMs. We study the stability of value expression over different contexts (conversation topics): Rank-order stability on the population (interpersonal) level, and Ipsative stability on the individual (intrapersonal). We observe consistent trends - Mixtral, Mistral, Qwen, and GPT-3.5 model families being more stable than LLaMa-2 and Phi - over those two types of stability, two different simulated populations, and even on a downstream behavioral task. Overall, LLMs exhibit low Rank-Order stability, highlighting the need for future research on role-playing LLMs, as well as on context-dependence in general. This paper provides a foundational step in that direction, and is the first study of value stability in LLMs.  

 Metric Grammars   
   
 Tabor, Whitney | ; 
  Lee, Hyosun 
    
 Many challenging problems in linguistic analysis concern structures that have a hybrid character---they show evidence of belonging to two, independently motivated types. Proposals often assign them to one or the other class, requiring complication of the theory to handle their exceptionality. We suggest that there is no satisfactory answer to such conundrums under standard, type-based representational theories, for those theories are founded on discrete topologies. As an alternative, we propose ‚ÄúMetric Grammars‚Äù--grammatical systems founded on connected topologies. A metric grammar, a recurrent map that has a neural network at its core, changes its grammatical system slightly with each instance of language experience. Focusing on a grammaticalization episode from the history of English---the development of ‚Äúsort of" and ‚Äúkind of" from Noun-Preposition structures into adverbs---we provide evidence that metric grammars exhibit statistical anticipation of categorical change, a phenomenon that is difficult to account for with discrete-topology models.  

 Probability, but not utility, influences repeated mental simulations of risky events   
   
 Li, Yun-Xiao | ; 
  Falben, Johanna | ; 
  Castillo, Lucas | ; 
  Spicer, Jake | ; 
  Zhu, Jian-Qiao | ; 
  Chater, Nick | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam 
    
 There has been considerable interest exploring how the utility of an outcome impacts the probability with which it is mentally simulated. Earlier studies using varying methodologies have yielded divergent conclusions with different directions of the influence. To directly examine such mental process, we employed a random generation paradigm in which all the outcomes were either equally (i.e., followed a uniform distribution) or unequally (i.e., a binomial distribution) probable. While our results revealed individual differences in how the utility influenced responses, the overall findings suggested that it is the outcomes' probabilities, not their utilities, that guide this process. Notably, an initial utility-independent bias emerged, with individuals displaying a tendency to start with smaller values when all outcomes are equally likely. Our findings offer insights into the benefits of studying the mental sampling processes and provide empirical support for particular sampling models in this domain.  

 The TECo Database: Insights on The Semantic Organization of The Ecological Domain.   
   
 Falcinelli, Ilenia | ; 
  Fini, Chiara | ; 
  Mazzuca, Claudia | ; 
  Borghi, Anna 
    
 Contrasting the climate change emergency represents one of the major challenges of modern times. Knowing how people represent ecology-related phenomena is crucial to inform interventions aimed at promoting more effective pro-environmental behaviors. Despite this, literature on the topic is still scarce. To fill this gap, we asked 340 participants to rate 200 concepts‚Äîamong which Ecological (N = 50, e.g., deforestation)‚Äîon numerous semantic dimensions (N = 39), drawing insights from the literature on conceptual organization. A Principal Component Analysis on our dataset revealed the presence of three major components explaining overall the variability of our set of concepts. Interestingly, Ecological concepts had a major role in all of them. Indeed, when compared to other conceptual categories‚Äîboth related (i.e., Natural‚Äîe.g., water‚Äîand Geographical/Geopolitical‚Äîe.g., ocean, city) and not related (i.e., Technological‚Äîe.g., Internet) to the green domain‚Äîthey figured among the most abstract (Component 1), impacting our political, social, and personal spheres (Component 2), scientific, emotionally charged, and evoking sensorimotor experiences (Component 3) concepts. Overall, our study has a threefold relevance. On a theoretical side, it can contribute to enriching theories on concepts by investigating a new semantic domain that jeopardizes the concrete-abstract dichotomy; on a scientific side, it might broaden categorization research by providing semantic norms for new conceptual domains (the TECo Database); on a societal side, it can enhance politics on these timely themes.  

 Missing /y/: Vowel perception in bilinguals whose languages differ in whether the high front rounded vowel is phonemic   
   
 Pan, Lei | ; 
  Styles, Suzy J. 
    
 Previous studies have demonstrated that bilinguals have discrete representations for speech sounds that are phonemic in both of their languages. In a lexical identification task for Singapore Mandarin words Ê§Ö (/i2/ ‚Äòchair') and È±º (/y2/ ‚Äòfish'), we find steepness of the identification functions differs among bilinguals with different linguistic experience, with steeper slopes for early English-Mandarin bilinguals (for whom the /y/ vowel is phonemic) and shallower slopes for early English-Malay bilinguals (for whom /y/ is not phonemic, but is largely discriminable in the forced choice task). With nuanced language background information, this finding suggests that exposure to both /i/ and /y/ in early development shapes phonemic perception. Model comparisons demonstrate that continuous measures of early exposure are more powerful than simple categorical groupings of bilingual ‚Äòtype'. Continuous measures of bilingual exposure are therefore highlighted as useful tools in the investigation of phoneme perception.  

 Investigating the longevity of real-world memory following a smartphone intervention in older adults: A multi-year follow-up study   
   
 Hong, Bryan | ; 
  Chang, Miranda | ; 
  McCann, Eliza | ; 
  Barense, Morgan 
    
 Our ability to re-experience the events from our personal past tends to decline with age, which can have profound effects on well-being. HippoCamera is a smartphone-based application developed to mitigate age-related decline by guiding users to record and review cues for real-world events using established mnemonic strategies, with previous work demonstrating improved episodic recollection and enhanced hippocampal activity following use. Here, we followed-up with older adult participants who had used HippoCamera several years prior to investigate whether any benefits persisted following use. Using a mixed-methods approach, we found stronger subjective re-experiencing of events that were recorded with HippoCamera compared to those that were not. Further, participants reported extended benefits to their overall sense of meaning and well-being. These results provide preliminary evidence characterizing the long-lasting effects of a smartphone-based tool that improves memory for everyday events in aging.  

 Towards a Computational Model of Abstraction in Design Reasoning   
   
 Bruggeman, Ryan | ; 
  Ciliotta Chehade, Estefania | ; 
  Marion, Tucker J | ; 
  Ciuccarelli, Paolo 
    
 This paper seeks to understand designers' abstraction in ill- structured problem-solving. We utilize a protocol study with expert designers to empirically analyze the abstraction process in the latent need problem setting. A logic-based abstraction schema is found to model the process the designers employed. The study reveals how designers utilize this schema, detailing, developing, and evaluating solutions for ill-structured problems. It highlights the recursive nature of abstraction and raises questions about the termination of the process in ill- structured domains. We conclude by proposing a computational model to further evaluate abstraction in complex problem-solving scenarios.  

 Bi-Branch Meta-Learning for Few-Shot Word Sense Disambiguation   
   
 Chen, Qingying | ; 
  Zhang, Jing | ; 
  Zhang, Peng | ; 
  Gao, Hui 
    
 Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD) has been a fundamental task for human language understanding. In specific contexts, a word may have different meanings. For rarely seen word senses, the disambiguation becomes challenging with limited examples. Meta-learning, as a widely adopted machine learning method for few-shot learning, addresses this by extracting metacognitive knowledge from training data, aiding models in "learning to learn". Hence, the advancement of meta-learning hinges on leveraging high-quality metacognitive knowledge. In light of this, we propose a Bi-Branch Meta-Learning method for WSD to enrich and accumulate metacognitive insights. Our method employs two branches during training and testing. During training, we use a bi-branch loss with original and augmented data from large language models to compensate for data scarcity. In testing, information from base classes generates bi-branch scores to refine predictions. Experiments show our method achieves a 74.3 F1 score in few-shot scenarios, demonstrating its potential for few-shot WSD.  

 Cross-subject EEG Emotion Recognition based on Multitask Adversarial Domain Adaption   
   
 Qiu, Lina | ; 
  Ying, Zuorui | ; 
  Feng, Weisen | ; 
  Pan, Jiahui 
    
 Emotion recognition is crucial for enhancing human-computer interaction. Due to considerable individual differences in emotion manifestation, traditional models do not adapt well to new individuals. Moreover, existing algorithms typically focus on identifying a single emotion, overlooking intrinsic connections among multiple emotions. Therefore, we propose a multi-task adversarial domain adaption (MADA) model for EEG-based emotion recognition. First, domain matching is employed to identify the most similar individual from the dataset as the source domain, alleviating individual differences and reducing training time. Subsequently, multi-task learning is utilized to simultaneously classify multiple emotions, capturing their intrinsic connections. Finally, adversarial domain adaption is applied to learn the individual differences between the source and target domains. Cross-subject experiments on the DEAP dataset indicate that our model achieves accuracies of 78.08%, 68.36%, and 69.64% on the valence, arousal, and dominance, respectively, surpassing state-of-the-art methods. This indicates the effectiveness of our model in recognizing multi-dimensional emotions.  

 Forming Event Units in Language and Cognition: A Cross-linguistic Investigation   
   
 Lee, Sarah Hye-yeon | ; 
  Ünal, Ercenur | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna 
    
 Humans are surrounded by dynamic, continuous streams of stimuli, yet the human mind segments these stimuli and organizes them into discrete event units. Theories of language production assume that segmenting and construing an event provides a starting point for speaking about the event (Levelt, 1989; Konopka & Brown-Schmidt, 2018). However, the precise units of event representation and their mapping to language remain elusive. In this work, we examine event unit formation in linguistic and conceptual event representations. Given cross-linguistic differences in motion event encoding (satellite vs. verb-framed languages), we investigate the extent to which such differences in forming linguistic motion event units affect how speakers of different languages form cognitive event units in non-linguistic tasks. We test English (satellite-framed) and Turkish (verb-framed) speakers on verbal and non-verbal motion event tasks. Our results show that speakers do not rely on the same event unit representations when verbalizing motion vs. identifying motion event units in non-verbal tasks. Therefore, we suggest that conceptual and linguistic event representations are related but distinct levels of event structure.  

 "I'm here for my gender, not my skill": Causal reasoning shapes beliefs about merit in response to DEI initiatives   
   
 Popat, Aarthi | ; 
  Leonard, Julia Anne 
    
 Although well-intentioned diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives aim to increase minority representation in elite groups, they can sometimes backfire by causing candidates to question whether they were selected for merit. Prior work in social psychology suggests that this effect is driven mainly by stereotype threat. Here, we propose a novel cognitive framework: DEI initiatives backfire due to causal inference. Specifically, when candidates hear that they were selected based on a DEI initiative and/or enter a group where they are a minority, they may hypothesize that their selection was based more on their identity and less on their merit. Across two pre-registered experiments manipulating selection messages (DEI vs. merit) and statistical gender representation (represented or under-represented in the selected group), we find evidence in favor of our hypothesis. DEI messages and under-representation independently caused successful candidates to attribute their selection more to their identity and less to their merit but did not directly impact perceptions of competence. A third pre-registered experiment revealed that women selectively rated themselves as less competent in DEI contexts when selection tasks were more difficult. Taken together, this work shows that people make different causal hypotheses about their selection into elite groups based on DEI messages and group composition in conjunction with selection task difficulty and their social identity. Importantly, this work paves the way for designing DEI-based initiatives that license more helpful causal inferences about success to ensure that minority candidates thrive in their positions.  

 The optionality of complementizer ƒçto in Russian ‚Äî a multifactorial analysis   
   
 Zou, Yue | ; 
  Lin, Hao 
    
 The present study focuses on a type of seemingly arbitrary alternation in modern Russian. Specifically, we investigate the phenomenon of Complementizer Omission, i.e. the alternation between the presence and absence of complementizer with regard to the factors that potentially exert an influence on the alternation in Russian. The choice of alternating pairs is statistically modeled with mixed-effects logistic regression. We find that the complementizer is more likely to be absent in Russian when the matrix subject is a first-or-second-person pronoun, the matrix predicate has a high frequency and the onset of the complement clause is non-ambiguous and non-informational. The findings align well with the Grammaticalization theory, according to which the distribution of complementizer is partially driven by certain types of combinations of matrix subjects and verbs that have become grammaticalized as epistemic markers. Moreover, we argue that the results provide weak support for ambiguity avoidance at the general syntactic level and that the Uniform Information Density account more fully explains the alternation than the Availability account. As in Jaeger and Norcliffe (2009), we propose that more cross-linguistic research should be done on syntactic alternations as "even similar constructions may be processed differently in different languages".  

 The Effect of Event Boundaries on 3-Year-Olds' Novel Category Learning   
   
 Xu, Alice | ; 
  Stigler, James | ; 
  Sandhofer, Catherine 
    
 The Event Segmentation Theory suggests that people naturally divide everyday experiences into distinct units, with event boundaries serving as anchors in long-term memory and aiding recall. These boundaries are ubiquitous in children's daily experiences and may significantly influence learning. This study investigated how event boundaries affect novel category learning in young children. Specifically, 23 English-speaking three-year-olds learned novel object categories under two conditions. In the event boundary condition, objects were moved across two different background contexts, whereas in the control condition, they remained within the same backgrounds. We hypothesized that presenting objects across an event boundary would enhance generalization. Unexpectedly, both conditions yielded similar performance. An order effect emerged, with initially introduced categories showing better performance, suggesting the impact of task structure and children's differing interpretations of event boundaries, particularly among females. This finding opens avenues for further investigation into the role of event boundaries in early category learning.  

 Do Saliency-Based Explainable AI Methods Help Us Understand AI's Decisions? The Case of Object Detection AI   
   
 Qi, Ruoxi | ; 
  Liu, Guoyang | ; 
  Zhang, Jindi | ; 
  Hsiao, Janet 
    
 Saliency-based Explainable AI (XAI) methods have been commonly used for explaining computer vision models, but whether they could indeed enhance user understanding at different levels remains unclear. We showed that for object detection AI, presenting users with AI 's output for a given input was sufficient for improving feature-level and some instance-level user understanding, particularly for false alarms, and providing saliency-based explanations did not have additional benefit. This was in contrast to previous research on image classification models where such explanations enhanced understanding. Analyses with human attention maps suggested that humans already attended to features important for AI's output in object detection and thus could infer AI's decision-making processes without saliency-based explanations. However, it did not enhance users' ability to distinguish AI's misses and hits, or system-level understanding. Therefore, the effectiveness of saliency-based explanations is task-dependent, and alternative XAI methods are required for object detection models to better enhance understanding.  

 Children can use distributional cues to acquire recursive structures   
   
 Li, Daoxin | ; 
  Schuler, Kathryn 
    
 While the ability of recursion is considered universally available, there are considerable cross- and with-linguistic differences regarding the rules for recursive embedding, which must be learned from language-specific experience. One proposal argues that the recursivity of a structure is learnable as a productive generalization from distributional information in non-embedded input, and adults can indeed use such distributional cues to acquire recursive structures in an artificial language. However, it is not yet known whether children can use distributional information in this way. In this work, we examine children's distributional learning of recursive structures. We exposed children to non-embedded sentences in an artificial grammar, where we manipulated the productivity of the structure across conditions. At test, we found that children exposed to productive input were more likely to accept recursively embedded sentences unattested during the exposure phase. The results suggest that children can make use of distributional information to acquire recursive structures.  

 Social norms as an interactive process: An agent-based cognitive modelling study   
   
 Chen, Yue | ; 
  Bosse, Tibor | ; 
  Woensdregt, Marieke 
    
 Social norms are often characterized as a system of rules that guide behavior. However, social norms also allow for flexibility; not entirely restricting individuals to one possible behavior. Here, we put forward an agent-based cognitive model that captures social norms as processes that are socially constructed through interactions between individuals. In this modelling work, we focus on the role of norm acquisition and conformity bias in both action production and inference-making. This computational cognitive model allows us to think about social norms along three dimensions: individual vs. collective, behavior vs. belief, and subjective vs. objective. Our simulation results show that increased conformity bias can induce misjudgments about the true desires of others and misalignment between different agents' perceptions of the social norm. However, if agents do not assume that others also conform in their behavior, this increased conformity bias does not necessarily lead to excessive misperceptions of the social norm.  

 To observe or to bet? Investigating purely exploratory and purely exploitative actions in children, adults, and computational models.   
   
 Yiu, Eunice | ; 
  Sandbrink, Kai J | ; 
  Gopnik, Alison 
    
 Autonomous agents often need to decide between choosing actions that are familiar and have previously yielded positive results (exploitation) and seeking new information that could help uncover more effective actions (exploration). We present an ‚Äúobserve or bet‚Äù task that separates ‚Äúpure exploration‚Äù from ‚Äúpure exploitation‚Äù: 75 five-to-seven-year-old children, 60 adults and computational agents have to decide either to observe an outcome without reward, or to bet on an action without immediate feedback at varying probability levels. Their performances were measured against solutions from the partially observable Markov decision process and meta-RL models. Children and adults tended to choose observation more than both algorithm classes would suggest. Children also modulated their betting policy based on the probability structure and amount of evidence, exhibiting ‚Äúhedging behavior‚Äù a strategy not evident in standard bandit tasks. The results provide a benchmark for reasoning about reward and information in humans and neural network models.  

 Transparency in Sign Forms: When and How Does Iconicity Matter?   
   
 Tkachman, Oksana | ; 
  Sadlier-Brown, Emily | ; 
  Lo, Roger Yu-Hsiang | ; 
  Hudson Kam, Carla 
    
 Research suggests that the meanings of iconic signs are not easily guessable by sign-naive people; however, some signs' meanings are more easily guessed than others'. What causes some signs to be more easily guessable (more transparent) than others is not well-understood. In our previous research, we showed that signs whose form is based on more cross-linguistically common underlying motivations were chosen as "better suited" to a meaning‚Äîthat is, they are more transparent‚Äîthan signs based on less common underlying motivations (Tkachman, Sadlier-Brown, Lo, & Hudson Kam, 2023). In the current study, we ask whether, in addition, iconicity affects a sign's transparency. We asked sign-naive English speakers to rate all the signs from our previous study for how iconic they are. We then reanalyzed the data from our previous study in light of the obtained iconicity ratings. Results show that when people are asked to choose between an attested sign for a given animal label and an unattested one (i.e., a sign for a different animal), iconicity ratings did not affect participants' preferences: attested signs are preferred regardless of how iconic they are. However, when participants are asked to choose between two attested signs with the same meaning (e.g., two signs for 'cat' from different sign languages), iconicity does appear to affect participants' choices: participants were more likely to pick the more cross-linguistically common sign if the difference in iconicity ratings between the two signs was bigger. These results shed additional light on the ongoing debate on the connection between iconicity and transparency: iconicity by itself does not make a sign transparent, but it can enhance transparency under certain conditions.  

 Probabilistic simulation supports generalizable intuitive physics   
   
 Wang, Haoliang | ; 
  Jedoui, Khaled | ; 
  Venkatesh, Rahul | ; 
  Binder, Felix Jedidja | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Fan, Judith E. | ; 
  Yamins, Daniel | ; 
  Smith, Kevin A 
    
 How do people perform general-purpose physical reasoning across a variety of scenarios in everyday life? Across two studies with seven different physical scenarios, we asked participants to predict whether or where two objects will make contact. People achieved high accuracy and were highly consistent with each other in their predictions. We hypothesize that this robust generalization is a consequence of mental simulations of noisy physics. We designed an "intuitive physics engine'' model to capture this generalizable simulation. We find that this model generalized in human-like ways to unseen stimuli and to a different query of predictions. We evaluated several state-of-the-art deep learning and scene feature models on the same task and found that they could not explain human predictions as well. This study provides evidence that human's robust generalization in physics predictions are supported by a probabilistic simulation model, and suggests the need for structure in learned dynamics models.  

 Do large language models resolve semantic ambiguities in the same way as humans? The case of word segmentation in Chinese sentence reading   
   
 Liao, Weiyan | ; 
  Wang, Zixuan | ; 
  Shum, Kathy | ; 
  Chan, Antoni B. | ; 
  Hsiao, Janet 
    
 Large language models (LLMs) were trained to predict words without having explicit semantic word representations as humans do. Here we compared LLMs and humans in re-solving semantic ambiguities at the word/token level by ex-amining the case of segmenting overlapping ambiguous strings in Chinese sentence reading, where three characters ‚ÄúABC‚Äù could be segmented in either ‚ÄúAB/C‚Äù or ‚ÄúA/BC‚Äù depending on the context. We showed that although LLMs performed worse than humans, they demonstrated a similar interaction effect between segmentation structure and word frequency order, suggesting that this effect observed in humans could be accounted for by statistical learning of word/token occurrence regularities without assuming an explicit semantic word representation. Nevertheless, across stimuli LLMs' responses were not correlated with any hu-man performance or eye movement measures, suggesting differences in the underlying processing mechanisms. Thus, it is essential to understand these differences through XAI methods to facilitate LLM adoption.  

 Assessing affective modulation of intentional binding effect: A 2AFC Psychophysics experiment with emotional words   
   
 Toro Hernandez, Felipe D | ; 
  Gabiatti, Victor Nogueira Dias | ; 
  Ramalho, Theresa Moraes | ; 
  Cravo, Andre M. | ; 
  Claessens, Peter M. E. 
    
 Intentional binding (IB) is the experience of temporal interval compression between voluntary actions and subsequent events when the latter are perceived to be caused on purpose by the agent's actions. It can be measured experimentally by comparing the judgments of temporal intervals between either a voluntary act or an external event, and a later sensory consequence. Evidence suggests this might be modulated by the emotional valence of the consequence. However, controversies have arisen over the consistency of the results and the methodology they were obtained with. Here, we aimed to measure this affective modulation using a two-interval forced-choice (2AFC) discrimination task and word stimuli. Three factors were employed: agency (agency and passive), emotional valence (neutral, positive, and negative words), and interval duration ratio determined based on individual values of just noticeable differences (JND). Participants had to judge which of two intervals presented in each trial was shorter. Generalized linear mixed model analysis indicated that there was an effect of IB, but no affective modulation. Dissociation of component mechanisms of SoA are discussed to better understand results and suggest further directions.  

 Rethinking Probabilities: Why Corpus Frequencies Cannot Capture Speakers' Dynamic Linguistic Behavior   
   
 Kemper, Santina Simone | ; 
  Jenkins, Holly Elizabeth | ; 
  Wonnacott, Elizabeth | ; 
  Ramscar, Michael 
    
 Because information theory equates information with event occurrence probabilities, when applying its methods, language researchers typically take the information provided by words to be their relative frequencies in a corpus. This implicitly assumes words occur uniformly across contexts, however empirically, word distributions are bursty: the likelihood of most words appearing in most contexts is small, whereas the likelihood of a word recurring in context is much higher. In an elicitation study we examined whether speakers are sensitive to the dynamic word occurrence probabilities this implies. Consistent with proposals that prenominal adjectives increase noun predictability, participants produced numerous seemingly redundant adjectives prior to unambiguous nouns at first mention. However, despite receiving no feedback, they produced significantly fewer adjectives before subsequent mentions of the same nouns, indicating they had re-evaluated their probabilities. These results support the idea that prenominal adjectives facilitate efficient communication, and that speakers' representations of lexical probabilities are dynamic.  

 Demystify Deep-learning AI for Object Detection using Human Attention Data   
   
 Zhang, Jinhan | ; 
  Liu, Guoyang | ; 
  Chen, Yunke | ; 
  Chan, Antoni B. | ; 
  Hsiao, Janet 
    
 Here we present a new Explainable AI (XAI) method to probe the functional partition in AI models by comparing features attended to at different layers with human attention driven by diverse task demands. We applied this method to explain an object detector Yolo-v5s in multi-category and single-category object detection tasks. We found that the model's neck showed higher similarity to human attention during object detection, indicating a reliance on diagnostic features in the neck, whereas its backbone showed higher similarity to attention during passive viewing, indicating salient local features encoded. With this understanding of its functional partition, using Yolo-v5s as a model for human cognition, our comparative analysis against human attention when providing explanations for object detection revealed that humans attended to a combination of diagnostic and salient features during explaining multi-category general object detection but attended to mainly diagnostic features when explaining single-category human/vehicle detection in driving scenarios.  

 Learning to Play Video Games with Intuitive Physics Priors   
   
 Jaiswal, Abhishek | ; 
  Srivastava, Nisheeth 
    
 Video game playing is an extremely structured domain where algorithmic decision-making can be tested without adverse real-world consequences. While prevailing methods rely on image inputs to avoid the problem of hand-crafting state space representations, this approach systematically diverges from the way humans actually learn to play games. In this paper, we design object-based input representations that generalize well across a number of video games. Using these representations, we evaluate an agent's ability to learn games similar to an infant - with limited world experience, employing simple inductive biases derived from intuitive representations of physics from the real world. Using such biases, we construct an object category representation to be used by a Q-learning algorithm and assess how well it learns to play multiple games based on observed object affordances. Our results suggest that a human-like object interaction setup capably learns to play several video games, and demonstrates superior generalizability, particularly for unfamiliar objects. Further exploring such methods will allow machines to learn in a human-centric way, thus incorporating more human-like learning benefits.  

 Needs-guided Robotic Decision-Making based on Independent Reinforcement Learning   
   
 Hao, Zhaotie | ; 
  Guo, Bin | ; 
  Sun, Zhuo | ; 
  Wu, Lei | ; 
  Zhao, Kaixing | ; 
  Yu, Zhiwen 
    
 In human social interactions, decisions are naturally influenced by both individual needs and the needs of others. However, it remains unclear whether cognitive robots exhibit similar needs-guided decision-making characteristics. In this study, we design a collaborative tracking task to evaluate this phenomenon. Specifically, we develop a needs-guided reinforcement learning framework that enables robots to autonomously learn and shape behavior by considering both their intrinsic needs and those of others. Our experiments highlight that the robots' inherent needs play a more crucial role in decision-making than the needs of others. In essence, our model establishes an interpretable foundation for applications in cognitive robotics.  

 Effects of Dynamic Facial Expressions of Positive and Negative Emotions on Recognition Memory   
   
 Wakui, Mika | ; 
  Mukai, Kae | ; 
  Saegusa, Chihiro | ; 
  Sugiyama, Haruko | ; 
  Tsuchiya, Yoko | ; 
  Kawashima, Misaki | ; 
  Watanabe, Katsumi 
    
 Learning with dynamic facial expressions often results in higher face recognition performance than with static images. However, few studies have used both positive and negative facial expressions to investigate the effects of dynamic facial expression information on recognition memory. The present study examined whether the effect of dynamic facial expressions depends on the type of facial expression used during the learning and recognition phases. Participants viewed individuals with smiling or angry expressions in either static or dynamic images in a learning session. Participants then performed a recognition task using static images with neutral, angry, or smiling expressions. The results showed that when tested with the neutral static faces, the advantage of the dynamic expression was observed regardless of the facial expression during learning (Experiment 1). However, when tested with the angry static faces, the dynamic expression advantage was not observed, but the recognition performance was better for the faces learned with the angry static faces (i.e., identical to the faces in the recognition task) (Experiment 2). In the recognition task with the static smiling faces, the advantage of dynamic expression was again observed in addition to the emotion congruency effect (i.e., better performance for the faces learned with the smiling expression) (Experiment 3). These results suggest that the effect of dynamic facial expression information on recognition depends on the type of facial expression during learning and recognition.  

 Conversational launch pads: Strangers start their conversations with topics that lead to many other topics   
   
 Templeton, Emma | ; 
  Chang, Luke | ; 
  Wheatley, Thalia 
    
 How do people start conversations with someone they have never met before? In this project, we investigate the hypothesis that good starting topics facilitate transitions to many different topics. To test this, we leverage a dataset of unstructured, 10-minute conversations between pairs of strangers. Using natural language processing (NLP) and network approaches, we show that strangers begin their conversations with topics that are centrally located in a network of topic transitions. These ‚Äúlaunch pad‚Äù topics are useful starting points because they are well-connected to other topics, potentially increasing the likelihood of finding common ground. These findings underscore the fact that it is not the semantic meaning of a topic that makes it an effective starting point, but rather its transition properties. This insight paves the way for future research to identify conversational launch pads in different populations, where common starting topics may differ widely but nonetheless hold similar network positions. When people start conversations, they begin the process of trying to understand and connect with another person's mind. Here, we examine how this important process unfolds.  

 Simplicity in Complexity: Explaining Visual Complexity using Deep Segmentation Models   
   
 Shen, Tingke | ; 
  Nath, Surabhi S | ; 
  Brielmann, Aenne | ; 
  Dayan, Peter 
    
 The complexity of visual stimuli plays an important role in many cognitive phenomena, including attention, engagement, memorability, time perception and aesthetic evaluation. Despite its importance, complexity is poorly understood and ironically, previous models of image complexity have been quite \textit{complex}. There have been many attempts to find handcrafted features that explain complexity, but these features are usually dataset specific, and hence fail to generalise. On the other hand, more recent work has employed deep neural networks to predict complexity, but these models remain difficult to interpret, and do not guide a theoretical understanding of the problem. Here we propose to model complexity using segment-based representations of images. We use state-of-the-art segmentation models, SAM and FC-CLIP, to quantify the number of segments at multiple granularities, and the number of classes in an image respectively. We find that complexity is well-explained by a simple linear model with these two features across six diverse image-sets of naturalistic scene and art images. This suggests that the complexity of images can be surprisingly simple.  

 Behavioral Sensing: An Exploratory Study to Assess Self-Regulated Learning and Resource Management strategy of University Students using Mobile Sensing   
   
 Zhao, Tongyu | ; 
  Gao, Jiaying | ; 
  Feng, Yu | ; 
  Zu, Yatong | ; 
  Tavares, Adriano | ; 
  Gomes, Tiago | ; 
  Xu, Hao 
    
 Self-regulated learning influences students' learning behaviors and is a significant academic performance factor. Resource management strategy based on self-regulated learning theory is an important indicator for students to demonstrate Self-regulated learning. However, current self-regulated learning and resource management strategy assessments still rely on subjective evaluations and self-assessments, which are time-consuming and laborious. Therefore, we propose a novel method combined with mobile sensing by collecting detailed learning strategy subscales and objective mobile sensing data from 211 college students to explore a new approach to assessing self-regulated learning and resource management strategy. We are the first to propose a mobile sensing approach for assessing self-regulated learning and learning strategies. The method studies the associations between the learning strategy subscales and these daily behavior patterns and presents features for behavior patterns from mobile sensing data. Our study helps to reveal new forms of assessing self-regulated learning and opens the way for personalized interventions.  

 Is adults' ability to interpret iconicity shared between the spoken and gestural modalities?   
   
 Li, Mingtong | ; 
  Aussems, Suzanne | ; 
  Kita, Sotaro 
    
 Iconicity (the resemblance between form and meaning) exists in various modes of communication. This study investigated whether adults interpret iconicity in speech and gesture via a modality-independent ability. We tested 348 adult participants and assessed their ability to use iconic prosody and iconic gesture cues when interpreting novel verb meanings. We manipulated the rate of the spoken novel verbs (iconic prosody) and the rate of observed hand movements (iconic gestures) to be either fast or slow in two verb-action matching tasks. Adults could use these iconic speed cues to interpret novel verbs as referring to a fast or slow version of the same action. Adults showed similar performances in the two verb-action matching tasks: those who performed well in the iconic prosody task also performed well in the iconic gesture task. This positive correlation persisted even after controlling verbal working memory. Thus, we conclude that adults possess a modality-independent ability for interpreting iconicity.  

 Quick and Accurate Affordance Learning   
   
 Scholz, Fedor | ; 
  Ayari, Erik | ; 
  Bertram, Johannes | ; 
  Butz, Martin V. 
    
 Infants learn actively in their environments, shaping their own learning curricula. They learn about their environments' affordances, that is, how local circumstances determine how their behavior can affect the environment. Here we model this type of behavior by means of a deep learning architecture. The architecture mediates between global cognitive map exploration and local affordance learning. Inference processes actively move the simulated agent towards regions where they expect affordance-related knowledge gain. We contrast three measures of uncertainty to guide this exploration: predicted uncertainty of a model, standard deviation between the means of several models (SD), and the Jensen-Shannon Divergence (JSD) between several models. We show that the first measure gets fooled by aleatoric uncertainty inherent in the envi- ronment, while the two other measures focus learning on epistemic uncertainty. JSD exhibits the most balanced exploration strategy. From a computational perspective, our model suggests three key ingredients for coordinating the active generation of learning curricula: (1) Navigation behavior needs to be coordinated with local motor behavior for enabling active affordance learning. (2) Affordances need to be encoded locally for acquiring generalized knowledge. (3) Effective active affordance learning mechanisms should use density comparison techniques for estimating expected knowledge gain. Future work may seek collaborations with developmental psychology to model active play in children in more realistic scenarios.  

 Communication-based belief attribution: Do infants encode better others' beliefs induced via communication or the ones induced via visual cues?   
   
 Celik, Bartug | ; 
  Kovacs, Agnes 
    
 Studies suggest that infants track others' beliefs based on visual information (Scott & Baillargeon, 2017 but see Dörrenberg, Rakoczy, Liszkowski, 2018). However, research targeting whether infants understand that others' beliefs can be induced via communication is scarce, although most of the human belief-repertoire is acquired via communication. We presented eighteen-month-olds (Experiment1:N=34; Experiment2-replication:N=35) with a false belief (FB) scenario where the initial belief was induced via communication, aiming to measure their informative pointing (for an agent mistaken about a toy's location compared to a true belief scenario). Instead of more pointing to the toy's current location, in the FB condition we found an unexpected ‚Äòaltercentric' effect: infants pointed more to the empty location where the agent falsely believed the object to be). Next, we asked whether infants show different altercentric effects for visually induced beliefs (Experiment3: N=35). Results replicated the altercentric effect, suggesting a potentially stronger encoding of visually induced beliefs.  

 Cross-modal priming of written words across different timing conditions   
   
 Funk, Johanna | ; 
  Hessler Carbonell, Louis Terenci | ; 
  Al-Rubaye-Jung, Denise | ; 
  Morgenstern, Michelle | ; 
  Schmied, Elisa | ; 
  Tzallas, Jasemina | ; 
  Hintz, Florian 
    
 The present study investigated the effects of presentational timing, operationalized as different levels of temporal overlap, on cross-modal priming of written words. We used a paradigm where the playback of spoken word primes was shifted relative to the presentation of written targets (asynchronous, partially overlapping, and synchronous presentation). Our participants (n = 48) carried out a speeded lexical decision task on the written targets. Presenting the spoken primes, albeit the words' onset, before the written targets reduced lexical decision times to both words and pseudowords. Asynchronous presentation of the spoken primes resulted in the largest difference between word and pseudoword response times. We discuss our results in relation to the mental structure of human word knowledge and in the context of word form acquisition.  

 Does Dependency Locality Predict Non-canonical Word Order in Hindi?   
   
 Ranjan, Sidharth | ; 
  van Schijndel, Marten 
    
 Previous work has shown that isolated non-canonical sentences with Object-before-Subject (OSV) order are initially harder to process than their canonical counterparts with Subject-before-Object (SOV) order. Although this difficulty diminishes with appropriate discourse context, the underlying cognitive factors responsible for alleviating processing challenges in OSV sentences remain a question. In this work, we test the hypothesis that dependency length minimization is a significant predictor of non-canonical (OSV) syntactic choices, especially when controlling for information status such as givenness and surprisal measures. We extract sentences from the Hindi-Urdu Treebank corpus (HUTB) that contain clearly-defined subjects and objects, systematically permute the preverbal constituents of those sentences, and deploy a classifier to distinguish between original corpus sentences and artificially generated alternatives. The classifier leverages various discourse-based and cognitive features, including dependency length, surprisal, and information status, to inform its predictions. Our results suggest that, although there exists a preference for minimizing dependency length in non-canonical corpus sentences amidst the generated variants, this factor does not significantly contribute in identifying corpus sentences above and beyond surprisal and givenness measures. Notably, discourse predictability emerges as the primary determinant of constituent-order preferences. These findings are further supported by human evaluations involving 44 native Hindi speakers. Overall, this work sheds light on the role of expectation adaptation in word-ordering decisions. We conclude by situating our results within the theories of discourse production and information locality.  

 Loose LIPS Sink Ships: Asking Questions in Battleship with Language-Informed Program Sampling   
   
 Grand, Gabriel | ; 
  Pepe, Valerio | ; 
  Andreas, Jacob | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
    
 Questions combine our mastery of language with our remarkable facility for reasoning about uncertainty. How do people navigate vast hypothesis spaces to pose informative questions given limited cognitive resources? We study these tradeoffs in a classic grounded question-asking task based on the board game Battleship. Our language-informed program sampling (LIPS) model uses large language models (LLMs) to generate natural language questions, translate them into symbolic programs, and evaluate their expected information gain. We find that with a surprisingly modest resource budget, this simple Monte Carlo optimization strategy yields informative questions that mirror human performance across varied Battleship board scenarios. In contrast, LLM-only baselines struggle to ground questions in the board state; notably, GPT-4V provides no improvement over non-visual baselines. Our results illustrate how Bayesian models of question-asking can leverage the statistics of language to capture human priors, while highlighting some shortcomings of pure LLMs as grounded reasoners.  

 Caregiver presence promotes judgements of exploration   
   
 Dahmani, Annya | ; 
  Amir, Dorsa | ; 
  Thomas, Ashley J | ; 
  Gopnik, Alison 
    
 The decision to explore a novel option or exploit a known one ‚Äî referred to as the explore-exploit trade-off ‚Äî has received much attention from diverse fields of research, ranging from computer science to developmental psychology. However, much of the work on this topic has focused exclusively on an individual agent acting alone, a scenario that does not fully capture the rich social dynamics of human decision-making. In particular, the presence and participation of others can theoretically influence the decision to explore or exploit. One factor which may affect how individuals navigate the explore-exploit tradeoff is the presence of caregivers, who can help buffer the downside costs of more exploratory decision making. Across two pre-registered studies, we investigated whether children and adults predicted more or less exploratory behavior in the presence of a caregiver. In Study 1, we presented U.S. American children (N=87, ages 4 to 8) with vignettes of other children faced with the choice of exploring a novel option or exploiting a known one across a range of domains. In the vignettes, the characters either faced these decisions alone or in the presence of a parent. In Study 2, we presented the same vignettes to U.S. American adults (N=79). Across both studies, and as predicted, we found that both children and adults believed others would be more exploratory in the presence of caregivers. These results add important nuance to our understanding of how individuals navigate the explore-exploit tradeoff, and highlight the role of the social context in shaping these decisions. We aim to build on these results on future work centralizing the role and function of care in decision-making and exploration.  

 What binds non-contiguous events together?   
   
 Sastre Gomez, Viviana | ; 
  Defina, Rebecca | ; 
  Garrett, Paul Michael | ; 
  Zacks, Jeffrey M. | ; 
  Dennis, Simon 
    
 Traditional event cognition research typically characterises events as continuous, each bounded by a single beginning and a single ending. Daily events, however, often seem to involve discontinuities. For instance, if one is in a meeting that is temporarily interrupted by a phone call, one retains two events‚Äîthe meeting and the phone call‚Äîrather than three, which include the meeting before the phone call, the phone call itself, and the meeting subsequent to the call. This study explores what binds events together across these discontinuities in everyday life. We examined five potential binding factors: place, people, topic, activity, and goal. Fifty-one participants provided data on recent non-contiguous daily life events, revealing that 97% of these events were tied by the 'Activity' aspect, followed by the 'Place' aspect (82%) and 'Goal' aspect (56%). 'People' (48%) and 'Topic' aspects (24%) were less significant in unifying non-contiguous events. The proportion of each event aspect in non-contiguous events suggests a need to expand theories of event cognition to focus on what brings events together rather than solely on what separates them‚Äîa perspective often overlooked in cognitive event theories.  

 Shock to Thrill: Linking Sensation and Information Seeking   
   
 Wong, Ern | ; 
  Hauser, Tobias | ; 
  Pietrini, Pietro | ; 
  Wu, Charley M 
    
 Sensation-seeking (SS) is characterised by a proclivity for intense experiences and disregard for potential aversive consequences. While SS is implicated as a vulnerability factor in various mental disorders, the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. Recent approaches propose an alternative perspective, suggesting that SS may be linked to highly explorative, and therefore risky, behaviours driven by a preference for informative environments. To probe this hypothesis, we reanalysed a dataset where participants chose to self-administer or avoid mild electric stimulation (MES) in an economic decision-making task. Contrary to previous interpretations associating higher sensation-seeking with the positive economic value of experiencing MES, Bayesian models of learning reveal an alternative account: sensation-seekers are more attuned to information about stimuli-shock contingencies. Specifically, high sensation-seeking individuals are less avoidant of information about the possibility of a shock, supporting the idea that sensation-seeking is linked to a preference for informative environments.  

 Actively learning a Bayesian matrix fusion model with deep side information   
   
 Yu, Yangyang | ; 
  Suchow, Jordan W. 
    
 High-dimensional deep neural network representations of images and concepts can be aligned to predict human annotations of diverse stimuli. However, such alignment requires the costly collection of behavioral responses, such that, in practice, the deep-feature spaces are only ever sparsely sampled. Here, we propose an active learning approach to adaptively sample experimental stimuli to efficiently learn a Bayesian matrix factorization model with deep side information. We observe a significant efficiency gain over a passive baseline. Furthermore, with a sequential batched sampling strategy, the algorithm is applicable not only to small datasets collected from traditional laboratory experiments but also to settings where large-scale crowdsourced data collection is needed to accurately align the high-dimensional deep feature representations derived from pre-trained networks. This provides cost-effective solutions for collecting behavioral data and generating high-quality predictions in large-scale behavioral and cognitive studies.  

 Saccadic Eye Movements and Search Task Difficulty as Basis of Modelling User Knowledge in Information Seeking   
   
 Liu, Ying-Hsang | ; 
  Nürnberger, Andreas | ; 
  Rettstatt, Jenny | ; 
  Ragni, Marco 
    
 Designing user-adaptive search systems necessitates modeling the user's knowledge state during information seeking. Gaze data offers insights into cognitive processes during task-based reading. Despite its potential, cognitive perspectives have been insufficiently explored in the representation of the user's knowledge state when designing search systems. We reanalyzed an eye-tracking dataset and constructed mixed-effects user models to identify which measurements of gaze activities (i.e., gaze metrics captured by eye trackers) are reflective of the user. Our study's findings indicate that there are statistically significant correlations between gaze metrics that measure the variability of saccadic eye movement and search performance. The accuracy of answers has been significantly influenced by the interaction between the control of saccade trajectories, measured by the standard deviation of absolute saccadic directions and the difficulty of the search task. We discuss the implications of these findings for the design of search systems adaptable to the user's state of knowledge.  

 UNIFIT: A Unified Framework For Instruction Tuning To Improve Instruction Following Ability For Large Language Models   
   
 Huang, Qiang | ; 
  Huang, Feng | ; 
  Tao, DeHao | ; 
  Wang, BingKun | ; 
  Huang, YongFeng 
    
 Extensive instruction tuning of large language models(LLMs) has proven to be a powerful technique, extending the outstanding performance of general LLMs to new tasks. Consequently, the integration of state-of-the-art(SOTA) general open-source models with specific domains leverages instruction tuning to unlock the emerging capabilities of large language models(LLMs) in those domains. Current practices in instruction tuning often rely on expanding the size of the dataset without a clear strategy to ensure data quality. This can inadvertently introduce noise and degrade model performance. Furthermore, there is currently no unified approach for the quantity, quality, and diversity of instruction tuning data, as well as the methods for instruction tuning. As a result, this severely hampers the practicality and universality of instruction tuning.\ Addressing these issues, we propose a \textbf{UNI}fied \textbf{F}ramework for \textbf{I}nstruction \textbf{T}uning(\textbf{UNIFIT}), namely Concept Tree generation for instruction tuning data, instruction following difficulty selecting data for high-quality instruction tuning, and the incorporation of random noise embeddings(NE) to enhance model performance during tuning. Through experiments involving multiple models, domains, and orders of magnitude, our proposed instruction tuning framework not only enhances the diversity of instruction tuning data but also achieves a remarkable 60\% reduction in training time consumption, with a mere 6\% of all instruction tuning data, surpassing the performance of using all instruction tuning data by 11\%. This universally applicable instruction tuning framework signifies a substantial advancement in the generality of large language model instruction tuning, marking a revolutionary leap forward and promising efficiency gains while being resource-conscious.  

 Revisiting the effects of interword spacing and root frequency in Arabic visual processing   
   
 Leung, Tommi | ; 
  Boush, Fatima 
    
 In this study we investigated the role of interword spacing and its interaction with Arabic root frequencies by studying readers' eye movement patterns when they read Arabic sentences. Our eye-tracking experiment results did not show any significant evidence for the interword spacing effect on Arabic word processing, which concurred with the earlier work by Leung et al. (2021). On the other hand, we replicated an earlier experiment conducted by Hermena et al. (2020) on the effect of Arabic root frequencies on word processing. Contrary to their finding, our results showed that words which differed in root frequencies significantly modulated eye movement measures. This provided another support to the status of Arabic non-concatenative roots as a morphological unit.  

 The Language of an Empathy-Inducing Narrative   
   
 Gueorguieva, Emma | ; 
  Lau, Tatiana | ; 
  Hadjiandreou, Eliana | ; 
  Ong, Desmond 
    
 While ample work has examined how to increase empathy within situational contexts, little research has focused on how the language used to communicate with others may elicit empathy. Here, we investigate how (Study 1) the degree of a narrator's culpability and (Study 2) narrative framing of personal narratives (focusing on experienced sensations, emotions, or neither) affects feelings of empathy reported by listeners. Across our two studies, 901 participants read narratives describing common life events, rated their empathy towards the narrator, and were given an option to write a response to the narrator. Our findings indicate that people report less empathy towards narrators that caused their misfortune, although their written responses were more focused on the narrator. By contrast, however, highlighting sensory or emotional details in a narrative did not significantly impact the degree of empathy reported by listeners, yet still affected the language of responses produced by listeners.  

 Visual Voyage of Stock Market Strategies: Eye-tracking Insights into Investor Choices   
   
 Narsapur, Tanvi | ; 
  Vemuri, Kavita 
    
 Investors rely on judgmental heuristics and comparative analysis for future stock price prediction based on specific components of information in hand. Information components are used as anchors for price estimation. Through an eye-tracking experiment, we aim to understand the perceived significance of various formats of information, particularly focusing on graphical and numerical components, and to explore the influence of complex time-varying patterns in stock price line plots. Results show that graphical components capture higher visual attention. Participants are not always loss-averse and prominently exhibit disposition effects for investment decisions in profitable scenarios. The 52-week high is allotted the highest fixation duration, signifying its perception as a strong reference point. Investment choices were found to be varying based on levels of prior knowledge and experience. The visual gaze analysis provides behavioural insights into complex decision-making processes.  

 The Role of Episodic Memory in Storytelling: Comparing Large Language Models with Humans   
   
 Cornell, Charlotte | ; 
  Jin, Shuning | ; 
  Zhang, Qiong 
    
 We compare storytelling in GPT-3.5, a recent large language model, with human storytelling. We hypothesized that GPT differs from humans in the kind of memories it possesses, and thus could perform differently on tasks influenced by memory, such as storytelling. We used an existing dataset of human stories, either recalled or imagined (Sap et al., 2022), and generated GPT stories with prompts designed to align with human instructions. We found that GPT's stories followed a common narrative flow of the story prompt (analogous to semantic memory in humans) more than details occurring in the specific context of the event (analogous to episodic memory in humans). Furthermore, despite lacking episodic details, GPT-generated stories exhibited language with greater word affect (valence, arousal, and dominance). When provided with examples of human stories (through few-shot prompting), GPT was unable to match its stories' narrative flow or affective aspects with human stories.  

 Dual Weighted Graph Convolutional Network for POI Recommendation   
   
 Liu, Zhi | ; 
  Zhang, Deju | ; 
  Deng, Junhui | ; 
  Shen, Guojiang | ; 
  Kong, Xiangjie 
    
 In recent years, with the widespread popularity of location-based social network platforms, the data generated by users on social networks has grown exponentially. There has been a growing focus on the problem of POI (Point-of-Interest) recommendations. Unlike traditional sequence recommendation that primarily considers the temporal dimension, POI recommendation needs to account for the influence of geographical information to a large extent. However, previous works in the graph construction process often only consider the places users have visited, neglecting those they haven't been to. To address this, we propose a Dual Weighted Graph Convolutional Network for POI recommendation called DualPOI. Specifically, we first leverage graph neural networks and attention mechanisms to capture users' local trajectory preferences for visited POIs. A delicately designed spatiotemporal encoder is conducted to model users' local spatiotemporal preferences. Subsequently, using a dual graph convolutional approach, we transfer the user's local preference information to a global scope, thereby modeling novel preferences for unvisited locations. Extensive experiments on four real-world datasets validate the effectiveness of our proposed method in enhancing the accuracy of POI recommendations. Comprehensive ablation studies and parameter analysis further confirm the efficacy of the proposed modules.  

 Understanding Multimodal Deep Neural Networks: A Concept Selection View   
   
 Shang, Chenming | ; 
  Zhang, Hengyuan | ; 
  Wen, Hao | ; 
  Yang, Yujiu 
    
 The multimodal deep neural networks, represented by CLIP, have generated rich downstream applications owing to their excellent performance, thus making understanding the decision-making process of CLIP an essential research topic. Due to the complex structure and the massive pre-training data, it is often regarded as a black-box model that is too difficult to understand and interpret. Concept-based models map the black-box visual representations extracted by deep neural networks onto a set of human-understandable concepts and use the concepts to make predictions, enhancing the transparency of the decision-making process. However, these methods involve the datasets labeled with fine-grained attributes by expert knowledge, which incur high costs and introduce excessive human prior knowledge and bias. In this paper, we observe the long-tail distribution of concepts, based on which we propose a two-stage Concept Selection Model (CSM) to mine core concepts without introducing any human priors. The concept greedy rough selection algorithm is applied to extract head concepts, and then the concept mask fine selection method performs the extraction of core concepts. Experiments show that our approach achieves comparable performance to end-to-end black-box models, and human evaluation demonstrates that the concepts discovered by our method are interpretable and comprehensible for humans.  

 State-Independent and State-Dependent Learning in a Motivational Go/NoGo task   
   
 Nazemorroaya, Azadeh | ; 
  Bang, Dan | ; 
  Dayan, Peter 
    
 Recent research has identified substantial individual differences in how people solve value-based tasks. Here, we examine such differences in the motivational Go/NoGo task, which orthogonalizes action and valence, using open-source data from 817 participants. Using computational modeling and behavioral analysis, we identified four distinct clusters of people. Three clusters corresponded to previous models of the task, including people with different learning rates for cues that signal rewarding and punishing states and with different sensitives for rewards and punishments. The fourth cluster of people acted like na√Øve reinforcement learners, with their responses shaped by outcomes in a manner that was independent of the state information provided by the cues. In addition to providing evidence that state-independent learning is a common disposition, we show that not considering such learning can dramatically affect the results of computational modeling. We discuss the implications for the modeling of data from heterogeneous populations.  

 A computational analysis of gender differences in face-based perception of trustworthiness and dominance   
   
 Lind, Christine H | ; 
  Yu, Angela J 
    
 Perceived dominance and trustworthiness have both been found to be positive predictors for a candidate's electoral and employment success. On the other hand, compared to male faces, female faces exhibit a much stronger anti-correlation between perceived trustworthiness and dominance. Together, these two phenomena place women at a distinctive disadvantage to men in electoral and work settings. In this study, we conduct computational analyses on a gender- and race-balanced, publicly available face dataset to examine the provenance of the anti-correlation between perceived dominance and trustworthiness in female faces. By identifying and quantifying the facial features that contribute to each social trait, we find that the female anti-correlation stems predominantly from components unique to female faces (83\%), with the lip region being the main contributor (23\%). Visualization of face featural modifications show that the corners of the mouth curve up and down in opposite directions for perceived trustworthiness and dominance, respectively, in female faces, but in orthogonal directions the same in male faces. By correlating gender specific models with perceived demographic information, we find that female dominance ($F_D$) and trustworthiness ($F_T$) are correlated in opposite directions along most perceived gender, age and race-related demographic dimensions. Male dominance ($M_D$) and trustworthiness ($M_T$) , on the other hand, are correlated in the same direction along race-related dimensions, but otherwise share no significant demographic dimensions (age and gender). In particular, perceived sexual dimorphism strongly drives $F_D$, $F_T$, and $M_D$, but is absent for $M_T$, indicating sexual dimorphism is a strong contributor to the female anti-correlation.  

 Unlocking the Face Code: How Facial Characteristics Drive Social Biases   
   
 Gurkan, Necdet | ; 
  Rathod, Vismay 
    
 People rapidly form first impressions based on facial appearances, which have significant real-life consequences. While various computational models have been developed to analyze how facial characteristics influence these impressions, they often have limitations, such as focusing on limited trait impressions, restricted facial characteristics, reliance on black-box machine learning methods, and dependency on manual annotations. In this study, we address these shortcomings by utilizing recent advancements in computer vision to extract human-interpretable, quantitative measures of facial characteristics (e.g., facial morphological features and skin color) and emotional attributes from face images. Using machine learning techniques, we modeled 34 first impressions and validated our model's generalizability and predictive accuracy with out-of-sample faces. Our model demonstrates the relative importance of facial characteristics and emotional attributes in shaping these 34 first impressions. Our results provide a comprehensive understanding of how various facial characteristics and emotional attributes collectively influence social biases.  

 Decision-Making Paradoxes in Humans vs Machines: The case of the Allais and Ellsberg Paradoxes   
   
 Nobandegani, Ardavan S. | ; 
  Rish, Irina | ; 
  Shultz, Thomas 
    
 Human decision-making is filled with a variety of paradoxes demonstrating deviations from rationality principles. Do state-of-the-art artificial intelligence (AI) models also manifest these paradoxes when making decisions? As a case study, in this work we investigate whether GPT-4, a recently released state-of-the-art language model, would show two well-known paradoxes in human decision-making: the Allais paradox and the Ellsberg paradox. We demonstrate that GPT-4 succeeds in the two variants of the Allais paradox (the common-consequence effect and the common-ratio effect) but fails in the case of the Ellsberg paradox. We also show that providing GPT-4 with high-level normative principles allows it to succeed in the Ellsberg paradox, thus elevating GPT-4's decision-making rationality. We discuss the implications of our work for AI rationality enhancement and AI-assisted decision-making.  

 A region in human left prefrontal cortex selectively engaged in causal reasoning   
   
 Pramod, RT | ; 
  Chomik, Jessica | ; 
  Schulz, Laura | ; 
  Kanwisher, Nancy 
    
 Causal reasoning enables us to explain the past, predict the future, and intervene in the present. Does the brain allocate specialized cortical regions to causal reasoning? And if so, are they involved in reasoning about both physical and social causal relationships, or are they domain-specific? In a pre-registered experiment (Exp 1) we scanned adults using fMRI while they matched physical and social causes to effects (e.g., ‚ÄòThe car swerved to avoid a crash' -> ‚ÄòCoffee spilled all over the car seat'; ‚ÄòHe was late for work' -> ‚ÄòTom was scolded by his boss') or physical and social descriptions of the same entity matched for difficulty and linguistic variables to the causal conditions (e.g., ‚ÄòThe brightest object in the sky'-> ‚ÄòThe closest star to earth'; ‚ÄòShe works at a hotel' -> ‚ÄòShe brings in guests' luggage'). A region in the left lateral prefrontal cortex (LPFC) responded significantly more strongly to causal than descriptive conditions in most subjects individually. Responses in this region in held-out data were high for both social and physical causal conditions, yet no greater than baseline for the two descriptive (non-causal) conditions. In a follow-up exploratory experiment (Exp 2), we tested a different task (answering causal versus non-causal questions about physical and social narratives, matched for linguistic variables). Again, we found that both the physical and social causal stimuli selectively engaged the LPFC region. Finally, in both experiments, we found that brain regions previously implicated in intuitive physical reasoning responded more to the physical causal than the physical non-causal stimuli. Collectively, these results suggest that a) a region in the LPFC is selectively engaged in causal reasoning independent of content domain and b) the hypothesized physics network (hPN) is selectively involved in physical causal reasoning across modalities (visual vs. linguistic).  

 Individual Differences in Concept Dominance   
   
 Louter, Willem Jacob | ; 
  Jabbari, Sam | ; 
  Constantinou Juhasz, Sandra Blythin | ; 
  Verheyen, Steven 
    
 The literature on conceptual combination has thus far been limited to research at the aggregate level investigating adjective-noun and noun-noun combinations. One well-established phenomenon within this literature is that of concept dominance (Hampton, 1988), which is the finding that the relative contribution of constituent concepts (for example sport or game) to their conjunction (sport that is also a game) is often very unequal. This exploratory study investigated individual differences in how people understand adjective-adjective-noun combinations, such as long blue coat. Participants rated images of coats varying along the perceptual dimensions of length and color for typicality in two different conjunctions, namely long blue coat and long purple coat. We used multidimensional scaling (MDS) to construct an aggregate coat space from similarity data collected with the Spatial Arrangement Method (SpAM). Using external unfolding, we modeled participants' typicality judgements by representing their individual typicality data as vectors within the aggregate MDS space, such that orthogonal projections from the coats onto the vectors represent their perceived typicality in the conjunctions. We did not find strong evidence for concept dominance at the aggregate level; however, we did find evidence for concept dominance at the individual level, with marked individual differences in the extent of dominance and which dimension was dominant. The validation of external unfolding for research into conceptual combination comes with new research possibilities, several of which are proposed.  

 Various Misleading Visual Features in Misleading Graphs: Do they truly deceive us?   
   
 Rho, Jihyun | ; 
  Rau, Martina A. | ; 
  Bharti, Shubham Kumar | ; 
  Luu, Rosanne | ; 
  McMahan, Jeremy | ; 
  Wang, Andrew | ; 
  Zhu, Jerry 
    
 Following the increasing use of graphs to communicate statistical information in social media and news platforms, the occurrence of poorly designed misleading graphs has also risen. Thus, previous research has identified common misleading visual features of such graphs. Our study extends this research by empirically comparing the deceptive impact of 14 distinct misleading graph types on viewers' understanding of the depicted data. We investigated the deceptive nature of these misleading graph types to identify those with the biggest potential to mislead viewers. Our findings indicate that misleading graphs significantly decreased viewers' accuracy in interpreting data. While certain misleading graphs (e.g., graphs with inverted y-axis or manipulated time intervals) significantly impeded viewers' accurate graph comprehension, other graphs (e.g., graphs using pictorial bars or graphs with compressed y-axis) had little misleading impact. By identifying misleading graphs that strongly affect viewers' understanding about depicted data, we suggest that these misleading graphs should be the focus of educational interventions.  

 The Impact of Spatiotemporal Calibration on Sense of Embodiment and Task Performance in Teleoperation   
   
 Falcone, Sara | ; 
  Taylor, Jordan 
    
 In teleoperation, the spatiotemporal calibration of the system can significantly impact both performance and user experience, which may not necessarily be causally linked. This study asks if Sense of Embodiment (SoE) varies with spatiotemporal calibration of a teleoperated system, which in turn affects task performance. Most SoE studies are passive and they do not represent a great paradigm to study the impact of calibration on SoE in active teleoperation. Therefore, we designed an active RHI in mixed reality where we manipulated both the spatial calibration (shifts) and visuo-proprioceptive synchronicity (temporal delay). We investigated if this manipulation affected performance, proprioceptive mapping, SoE and the perception of the setup as a mediator. The results suggest a potential direct influence of SoE on task performance, particularly through enhanced calibration due to synchronicity, indicating potential benefits for sustained usage. Additionally, SoE is explored comprehensively, employing multiple tests assessing implicit and explicit dimensions of calibration.  

 Do learners make more pauses in instructional videos when taking notes?   
   
 Pinelli, Mathieu | ; 
  Cojean, Salomé 
    
 This study aimed to test the benefit of note-taking on pauses and learning in online educational videos. Participants (N = 72) were randomly assigned to one of two note-taking conditions (allowed or not) with the possibility to take pauses during a 10-minute online instructional video on the autonomic nervous system. The results did not reveal a significant correlation between note-taking and the number of pauses. Moreover, we observed no significant effect of note-taking on learning performance. However, prior knowledge and age affected significantly the relationship between pauses, note-taking and learning performance. We discuss the importance of prior knowledge and age for future research.  

 Learning to Abstract Visuomotor Mappings using Meta-Reinforcement Learning   
   
 Velazquez-Vargas, Carlos Alan | ; 
  Christian, Isaac | ; 
  Taylor, Jordan | ; 
  Kumar, Sreejan 
    
 We investigated the human capacity to acquire multiple visuomotor mappings for de novo skills. Using a grid navigation paradigm, we tested whether contextual cues implemented as different "grid worlds", allow participants to learn two distinct key-mappings more efficiently. Our results indicate that when contextual information is provided, task performance is significantly better. The same held true for meta-reinforcement learning agents that differed in whether or not they receive contextual information when performing the task. We evaluated their accuracy in predicting human performance in the task and analyzed their internal representations. The results indicate that contextual cues allow the formation of separate representations in space and time when using different visuomotor mappings, whereas the absence of them favors sharing one representation. While both strategies can allow learning of multiple visuomotor mappings, we showed contextual cues provide a computational advantage in terms of how many mappings can be learned.  

 An Investigation on EEG-based Prognosis Prediction of Patients with Disorders of Consciousness   
   
 Li, Jingcong | ; 
  Huang, Biao | ; 
  Pan, Jiahui | ; 
  Wang, Fei 
    
 Prognostic assessment of patients with disorders of consciousness (DoC) remains one of the most challenging problems in contemporary medicine. The long treatment cycle and high costs of treatment are heavy burdens to our society. In this paper, we use deep network to investigate potential indicators of consciousness within brain signals of DoC patients. In the experiments, we study P300 and resting-state Electroencephalogram (rs-EEG) signals of 22 DoC patients to investigate neural correlation between brain signals and the improvement of consciousness. Synergistic integration of P300 and rs-EEG signals demonstrated superior predictive proficiency for cross-subject and cross-paradigm prognosis in DoC, achieving an accuracy of 81.1%. Our investigation is the first known to the literature to combine P300 and rs-EEG signals for analyzing DoC. This novel approach leverages advanced neural network models to elucidate the complex neural patterns associated with DoC, setting a precedent for future research in the field.  

 Impact of Latent State Cues on Behavior in Repeated Games   
   
 Guennouni, Ismail | ; 
  Speekenbrink, Maarten | ; 
  Ng, Kaitlyn 
    
 In social interactions, inferring the interaction partner's hidden mental state is crucial for predicting their actions and optimiz- ing our responses. Effective models for this inference must account for how these mental states evolve due to the interac- tion history and environmental changes. For example, recog- nizing someone's emotional state can help forecast their be- havior. Our study investigates how making these latent states visible influences decision-making in social interactions. Us- ing the repeated trust game paradigm, we show how to use hid- den Markov models (HMM) to formally represent latent state dependent strategies of the players. HMMs fitted to human dyadic play in the trust game are then used to specify adap- tive AI agents that simulate changes in mental dispositions of human players, such as the level of trust in the opponent, dur- ing a repeated interaction. Making these artificial HMM based agents take the role of the investor and interact with real hu- man trustees, we then explore how displaying ‚Äúemotion‚Äù cues to the opponent's latent state affects people's actions. We find that the presence of cues was associated with more cooperative behavior from the human trustees, and that patterns of behav- ior that promote the maintenance of cooperation emerged in the presence of latent state cues and were transferred to set- tings where the cues were subsequently hidden.  

 A Little Goes a Long Way: How Gesture Visibility in Video Lectures Impacts Attention and Learning   
   
 Cuffari, Elena C | ; 
  Howard, Lauren H. | ; 
  Belka, Ayako | ; 
  Reilly, Alonna | ; 
  Samson, Kyle M | ; 
  Sun, Jingyi | ; 
  HUANG, WEI | ; 
  Zang, Zeyi 
    
 In classroom interactions that take place over video conferencing platforms, teachers and students continue to gesture, but their bodies are neither physically copresent nor fully visible to each other. Do instructor gestures help learning in this context, as has been found for in-person learning and for video-based learning in lab experiments? We showed professors lecturing spontaneously with unscripted co-speech gestures. In some conditions, we cropped the video so only the top half of the professor's gesture space is available, or removed the video altogether. Results from our between-subjects experiment show that participants paid significantly more visual attention to the partial gesture condition than to stimuli where the gesturing was fully visible, and they scored significantly higher on an immediate comprehension test if they had seen lectures in the partially visible condition. This work raises further questions of how gestures help learning.  

 Prosocial Acts Towards AI Shaped By Reciprocation And Awareness   
   
 Hu, Xinyue | ; 
  Akash, Kumar | ; 
  Mehrotra, Shashank | ; 
  Misu, Teruhisa | ; 
  Steyvers, Mark 
    
 The proliferation of artificial intelligence (AI) agents has introduced a new dynamic into the human social environment. This study investigates prosocial behavior in a hybrid human-AI setting, particularly within a gaming environment. Many existing studies on prosocial behavior are conducted in economic game settings in which the agents' intentions, and whether or not prosocial actions offer benefits, are explicit. This project explores prosocial interactions in spatial environments where the need for help by another agent might not be immediately obvious, and where cognitive processes such as attention, and decision-making processes about the cost of helping are thus likely to play a role. In a baseline study (N = 177), we investigated the likelihood of human agents reciprocating prosocial behavior initiated by an AI player. Results indicated that the low saliency of the AI player's actions was a primary reason for non-reciprocation. A follow-up study (N = 164) tested whether increasing the salience of the AI's actions would enhance human prosocial responses. We found support for our hypothesis from analysis of the time-series data and participants' self-reported post-game questionnaires. This research contributes to the growing field of human-AI cooperation, outlining a vision for a future where technology actively contributes to our collective well-being, and opening up new possibilities for positive transformation in a world increasingly populated by intelligent machines.  

 Moral flexibility in applying queuing norms can be explained by contractualist principles and game-theoretic considerations   
   
 White, Joshua P | ; 
  Bhui, Rahul | ; 
  Cushman, Fiery | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Levine, Sydney 
    
 People sometimes display moral flexibility by deciding that a commonly accepted moral norm ought not to apply in particular circumstances. But how? We explore this question in the context of queuing. We show that people's judgements about the moral permissibility of queue-cutting can be explained through cognitive processes related to moral contractualism: universalization, virtual bargaining, and functional thinking. Participants were presented vignettes depicting prospective queue-cutters, and asked whether it was morally permissible to queue-cut in those circumstances. We model these judgements with reference to the existence of a game-theoretic equilibrium supporting queue cutting in a repeated game, and to considerations of whether queue cutting would subvert or enact the function of a queue: if you pay the waiting cost, you should get the reward. These results support the notion that moral flexibility is in part related to contractualist moral principles.  

 Using Vector Symbolic Architectures for Distributed Action Representations in a Spiking Model of the Basal Ganglia   
   
 Bartlett, Madeleine | ; 
  Furlong, Michael | ; 
  Stewart, Terrence C | ; 
  Orchard, Jeff 
    
 Existing models of the basal ganglia assume the existence of separate channels of neuron populations for representing each available action. This type of localist mapping limits models to small, discrete action spaces, since additional actions require additional channels, costing neural resources and imposing new connective tracts. In contrast, evidence suggests that the basal ganglia plays a role in the selection of both discrete action units, and continuously-valued action kinematics. In this work, we model the basal ganglia with distributed action representations, using high-dimensional vectors. This method lends itself to representing both discrete and continuous action spaces. Vectors that represent actions are weighted by a scalar value (their salience to the current task), and bundled together to form a single input vector. This paper provides an overview of the encoding method and network structure, as well as a demonstration of the model solving an action selection task using spiking neurons.  

 Why Two Heads Together are Worse Than Apart: A Context-Based Account of Collaborative Inhibition in Memory Search   
   
 Angne, Hemali | ; 
  Cornell, Charlotte | ; 
  Zhang, Qiong 
    
 Contrary to common intuition, groups of people recalling information together remember less than the same number of individuals recalling alone (i.e., the collaborative inhibition effect). To understand this effect in a free recall task, we build a computational model of collaborative recall in groups, extended from the Context Maintenance and Retrieval (CMR) model which captures how individuals recall information alone (Polyn, Norman, & Kahana, 2009). We propose that in collaborative recall, one not only uses their previous recall as an internal retrieval cue, but also listens to someone else's recall and uses it as an external retrieval cue. Attending to this cue updates the listener's context to be more similar to the context of someone else's recall. Over an existing dataset (Gates, Suchow, & Griffiths, 2022), we show that our model successfully captures the collaborative inhibition effects, as well as additional recall patterns such as recency and semantic clustering effects.  

 Is it a bat or a thing? Referential contrast in the learning of homophones and superordinate terms   
   
 Li, Daoxin | ; 
  Yue, Christine Soh | ; 
  Trueswell, John 
    
 When a novel word refers to something in the world, how do learners decide whether that word have a more specific meaning (e.g., dog) or more general meaning (e.g., animal)? Here we focus on the role of semantic contrast between referential alternatives. We do this in the context of learning novel words cross-situationally, asking when learners adopt more specific meanings (resulting in homophonic words: e.g., ‚Äòfami' means both dog and butterfly) or adopt a single superordinate meaning (e.g., ‚Äòfami' means animal). We hypothesize that learners will be more likely to establish homophonous meanings when contrasting referents are from a neighboring category of the target, and more likely to establish a superordinate meaning when contrasting referents are from more distant categories. We also expect homophone learning to be more difficult because of its additional demands on learning and memory. Our predictions were borne out in a series of experiments and modeling.  

 What do we mean when we say gestures are more expressive than vocalizations? An experimental and simulation study   
   
 Kadavà, ≈†àrka | ; 
  Cwiek, Aleksandra | ; 
  Fuchs, Susanne | ; 
  Pouw, Wim 
    
 of human language. We focus on the debate between gesture-first and vocalization-first theories. While some evidence supports the idea that gestures played a primary role in early communication, others argue that vocalizations are equally expressive. We think that methodological differences and biases in the choice of concepts may contribute to the challenge of comparing these modalities directly. For example, to what extent does selecting a certain concept from a semantic category matter to reproduce an effect? This and similar questions are explored in a data-driven way. First, we provide ratings on imagined expressibility of 207 concepts from an online experiment showing that people tend to rate gesture modality as better in expressing meaning compared to vocal modality. Second, we use the Bayesian posterior predictive distribution of these ratings to simulate new experiments where we vary the number of participants, number of concepts, and semantic categories to investigate how robust is the difference between gesture and vocal modality. Our results show that gesture modality is reliably different (i.e., affords higher expressibility) than vocal modality. However, the difference between the two is limited in terms of effect size (medium sizes by common standards) so one may question whether this difference is meaningful for bigger claims about early language evolution. This study further provides valuable information for further research on how to select stimuli and how to set up one's design in a balanced way.  

 Learning Part-whole Hierarchies from the Sequence of Handwriting   
   
 Li, Meng | ; 
  Schlangen, David | ; 
  Klakow, Dietrich 
    
 Part-whole relations and their representation play a vital role in perceptual organization and conceptual reasoning. It is critical for humans to parse visual scenes into objects and parts, and organize them into hierarchies. Few studies have examined how well neural networks learn part-whole hierarchies from visual inputs. In this paper, we introduce a new diagnostic dataset, CChar, to facilitate their understanding. It contains frame-based images of writing 6,840 Chinese characters and annotations on hierarchical structures. The results show that RNN and Transformer models could recognize a part of high-level components above strokes and illustrate a certain ability in learning part-whole hierarchies. However, these models do not have robust compositional reasoning. To identify the role of conceptual guidance in predicting hierarchical structures, we prepare visual features extracted by self-supervised and fine-tuned models, test them on generating hierarchical sequences, and observe that conceptual guidance is important to learn part-whole hierarchies. In addition, we also explore the relationship between the depth of hierarchies and model performance. It is found that RNNs perform worse as the hierarchies deepen, but the performance of Transformers becomes better with increasing depth.  

 Dynamic self-efficacy as a computational mechanism of mania emergence   
   
 Li, Jing | ; 
  Radulescu, Angela 
    
 Bipolar disorder (BD) is a mental health condition characterized by large fluctuations in goal-directed energy and mood. BD is defined by the presence of at least one lifetime episode of mania, a prolonged period of excessive goal-directed behavior, hyperactivity and elevated mood. Previous computational models of BD have primarily focused on explaining mood fluctuations in mania, placing less emphasis on goal-directed symptoms. In this work, we use reinforcement learning (RL), a principled model of goal-directed behavior and learning, to show how augmenting RL agents with \textit{dynamic self-efficacy beliefs} can give rise to goal-directed and mood symptoms characteristic of the mania phase of BD. Our simulations demonstrate that a model-free RL agent that dynamically updates its self-efficacy beliefs learns optimistic overgeneralized value representations. We suggest that these representations may underlie several behaviors associated with mania, such as increased motivational drive and faster initiation of approach behavior (i.e. impatience). We further show that agents with more sensitive self-efficacy beliefs display increased willingness to exert effort in order to achieve higher goals even in the face of costs, a characteristic that is observed in individuals at risk for BD. Finally, unrealistically high self-efficacy beliefs that emerged with learning were accompanied by behaviors such as distractibility and compulsive action selection that have clinical parallels to symptoms of mania.  

 How does comparing (dis)similar objects affect young children's creative idea generation? Exploring the role of diversity in facilitating creativity   
   
 Koo, Chanhee | ; 
  Bai, Honghong | ; 
  Luo, Aoxin | ; 
  Christie, Stella 
    
 This research tested and confirmed a novel hypothesis that similarity sets the ground for diversities to emerge, which then give rise to creativity. Adopting an experimental design, we recruited 66 typically-developing Chinese children (M = 6.04 years, SD = .28). First, in a Comparison task, these children were randomly assigned to name differences between two objects that were either highly similar (high-similarity condition) or dissimilar (low-similarity condition). Next, all children completed a divergent thinking task and received scores on fluency, originality, and usefulness. Results of t-tests showed that children of high-similarity condition reported both more surface (pertaining to perceptual features) and deep (pertaining to structural features) alignable differences and have on average a higher originality score, compared to children of low-similarity condition. Mediation analysis results further showed that the number of deep alignable differences mediated the effect of condition on children's originality scores. This confirmed our expectation that the high similarity between objects facilitated children to generate more deep alignable differences, which subsequently facilitated children to generate more original ideas.  

 Studying the Effect of Globalization on Color Perception using Multilingual Online Recruitment and Large Language Models   
   
 Niedermann, Jakob Pete | ; 
  Sucholutsky, Ilia | ; 
  Marjieh, Raja | ; 
  Çelen, Elif | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom | ; 
  Jacoby, Nori | ; 
  van Rijn, Pol 
    
 How does globalization impact the interaction between perception and language? Building on Berlin and Kay's foundational study of color naming, we recruited 2,280 online participants speaking 22 different languages. We show that color naming maps differ structurally across languages, even among internet users living in (mostly) industrial societies. We use Large Language Models (LLMs) to simulate the limits of globalization by reproducing the naming task with a highly multilingual artificial agent with access to global digital information. We show that while the LLM has access to all languages, it has language-specific color representations and the number of color terms is correlated across humans and LLMs. However, LLMs use more color terms than humans, indicating differences in the representation. These results suggest that globalization has not removed cultural distinctions in color concepts, as language continues to be a key factor in the diversity of perception and meaning.  

 Parallels between Neural Machine Translation and Human Memory Search: A Cognitive Modeling Approach   
   
 Salvatore, Nikolaus | ; 
  Zhang, Qiong 
    
 In this work, we propose a neural network model for free recall that draws direct parallels between neural machine translation (NMT) and cognitive models of memory search, specifically the Context Maintenance and Retrieval (CMR) model. We hypothesize that NMT advancements such as attention mechanisms (Luong et al., 2015) closely resemble how humans reactivate prior contexts (‚Äúmental time travel‚Äù; Tulving, 1985). To demonstrate these parallels, we train a seq2seq model with attention as a cognitive model of memory search and evaluate behavior against human free recall data. We find that the model can capture typical free recall patterns previously observed (Kahana et al., 2022); and after optimization, the model demonstrates the same optimal behavior as previously derived by the CMR model (Zhang, Griffiths, & Norman, 2023). Performing an ablation study, we demonstrate that behavioral differences between models with and without attention align with impaired behavior observed in hippocampal amnesia patients.  

 Verbs or Nouns? A cross-linguistic study examining the effect of morphological complexity and input on children's early lexical development   
   
 Hardegger, Selma | ; 
  Mazara, Jekaterina | ; 
  KuÃàntay, Aylin C | ; 
  Hellwig, Birgit | ; 
  Pfeiler, Barbara | ; 
  Stoll, Sabine 
    
 Despite considerable differences in the structures of the world's languages and child-rearing practices, children show remarkable cross-linguistic similarities in their early lexical development, including a preference for nouns. Here, we analyze children's early lexical production in naturalistic longitudinal corpora in a large-scale cross-linguistic comparison of 10 typologically highly diverse languages. We assess morphological complexity as a possible explanatory variable for children's higher noun-to-verb ratios and evaluate whether children's gradual increase in morphological productivity is correlated with their gradual decrease in noun-to-verb ratios towards the level found in their ambient language. We show that in languages with complex verb morphology, children exhibit a higher deviation in their noun-to-verb ratio compared to adults. This deviation gradually diminishes as they become more productive in the use of their target language. This effect holds across languages, despite their differences in morphological complexity.  

 Analyzing the Benefits of Prototypes for Semi-Supervised Category Learning   
   
 Zhang, Liyi | ; 
  Nelson, Logan Richard | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Categories can be represented at different levels of abstraction, from prototypes focused on the most typical members to remembering all observed exemplars of the category. These representations have been explored in the context of supervised learning, where stimuli are presented with known category labels. We examine the benefits of prototype-based representations in a less-studied domain: semi-supervised learning, where agents must form unsupervised representations of stimuli before receiving category labels. We study this problem in a Bayesian unsupervised learning model called a variational auto-encoder, and we draw on recent advances in machine learning to implement a prior that encourages the model to use abstract prototypes to represent data. We apply this approach to image datasets and show that forming prototypes can improve semi-supervised category learning. Additionally, we study the latent embeddings of the models and show that these prototypes allow the models to form clustered representations without supervision, contributing to their success in downstream categorization performance.  

 Causal inferencing relies on domain-specific systems: Evidence from illness causality   
   
 Hauptman, Miriam | ; 
  Bedny, Marina 
    
 Our remarkable ability to infer complex cause-effect relationships is thought to distinguish humans from all other species. Despite that causal inferencing pervades human cognition, it remains unclear whether this fundamental cognitive ability is supported by a unified, domain-general mechanism or multiple domain-specific mechanisms. Both the language and logical reasoning systems have been described as possible unified substrates of causal inferencing. The current study uses neuroimaging to offer insight into this debate. We specifically focus on the culturally universal and highly motivationally relevant case of inferring illness causes. Participants read causal and noncausal vignettes about illness and mechanical failure while undergoing fMRI. We find that inferring the causes of illness selectively activates the brain's ‚Äòanimacy network,' particularly the precuneus. By contrast, a domain-general (i.e., ‚Äòcontent-invariant') preference for causal inferencing did not emerge, including in the language and logical reasoning networks. Together, this evidence suggests that domain-specific mechanisms enable causal inferencing.  

 Professional Jazz Musicians Explore and Exploit a Space of Sounds   
   
 Williams, Tevin | ; 
  Setzler, Matthew | ; 
  Kim, Minje | ; 
  Ryskin, Rachel | ; 
  Spivey, Michael | ; 
  Marghetis, Tyler 
    
 Collective improvisation is remarkable. When people improvise‚Äîwhether dancing, making music, or conversing‚Äî they coordinate their behavior while exploring abstract spaces of movements, sounds, and ideas. How do improvisers navigate these abstract spaces? One possibility is that improvisation builds on foraging strategies used to search the physical world. Here, we investigate the dynamics of an especially complex and abstract form of collective improvisation: free jazz. We quantify how professional jazz ensembles navigate a space of sounds and show that it resembles a foraging strategy known as Area Restricted Search. In particular, ensembles change their playing dynamics in response to encounters with novel ‚Äòsoundworlds.' Before encountering a new soundworld ensembles engage in widespread exploration; immediately after they shift to focused exploitation of the new sound. While collective improvisation pushes at our cognitive limits and is a paradigm of human creativity, it may build on evolutionarilyancient strategies for searching space.  

 MentalBlend: Enhancing Online Mental Health Support through the Integration of LLMs with Psychological Counseling Theories   
   
 Gu, Ziyin | ; 
  Zhu, Qingmeng 
    
 Online mental health support plays a crucial role in addressing the mental health issues faced by modern individuals. However, delivering high-quality online mental health support presents a significant challenge. In response to this challenge, we introduce MentalBlend, a framework that leverages psychological counseling theories, including Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy, Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Person-Centered Therapy, and Reality Therapy, to guide large language models (LLMs) in offering professional online mental health support to individuals seeking assistance. Experimental evidence validates that the collaboration between LLMs and the MentalBlend framework results in the generation of responses that align with professional standards for online mental health support. Overall, our research aims to contribute to advancing the capabilities of LLMs in understanding the emotional backgrounds of help-seekers and delivering professional mental health support effectively.  

 Resource-rational moral judgment   
   
 Wu, Sarah A | ; 
  Ren, Xiang | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias | ; 
  Choi, Yejin | ; 
  Levine, Sydney 
    
 There is wide agreement that the mind has different mechanisms it can use to make moral judgments. But how does it decide which one to use when? Recent theoretical work has suggested that people select mechanisms of moral judgment in a way that is resource-rational --- that is, by rationally trading off effort against utility. For instance, people may follow general rules in low-stakes situations, but engage more computationally intensive mechanisms such as consequentialist or contractualist reasoning when the stakes are high. Here, we evaluate whether humans and large language models (LLMs) exhibit resource-rational moral reasoning in two moral dilemmas by manipulating the stakes of each scenario. As predicted, we found that the higher the stakes, the more people employed a more effortful mechanism over following a general rule. However, there was mixed evidence for similar resource-rational moral reasoning in the LLMs. Our results provide evidence that people's moral judgments reflect resource-rational cognitive constraints, and they highlight the opportunities for developing AI systems better aligned with human moral values.  

 The role of the motor system in the processing of rhythmic complexity: a critical review   
   
 Cossavella, Francisco | ; 
  Miguel, Martin | ; 
  Fernandez Slezak, Diego 
    
 The desire to move to music appears to be a human universal. This behavioral response seems to be supported by a tight coupling of auditory and motor networks, even in the absence of overt movement. The prevailing theories explain this phenomenon either in terms of passive brain network entrainment to musical periodicity or motor system involvement in predictive coding. Both explanations recognize the role of rhythmic complexity in modulating motor activity. However, the precise nature of the relationship between rhythmic complexity and motor activity remains unclear. In this work, we conducted an fMRI literature review to examine this relationship. Out of 110 screened articles, 24 met inclusion criteria, reporting findings ranging from non-existent to linear or inverted-U-shaped. Underlying these findings, we encountered significant heterogeneity in the measurement and conceptualization of rhythmic complexity. We provide a summary of the relationships found, the approaches to measuring rhythmic complexity and the different types of tasks and stimuli used. We conclude that, in order to move forward, more agreement is needed regarding measures and notions of complexity.  

 Detection of Image Filters is Biased by Gender and Internalized Beauty Ideals   
   
 Flores Bravo, Ivonnia M | ; 
  Speranza, Trinidad Belén | ; 
  Saux, Gaston | ; 
  Ramenzoni, Verónica 
    
 Social media has affected how we relate to our body image. Digital makeovers have both reinforced existing beauty ideals and created new ones. This project investigated whether young adults' detection of image filters was biased by internalized beauty ideals and gender. Participants completed a visual detection task (forced choice paradigm) where contrast filter correction was assessed for images of male and female bodies that were thin, average, and curvaceous/muscular. Results showed that people can detect filters and that accuracy is higher when filters are applied to bodies that represent the historical beauty ideals: thin female bodies and muscular male bodies. These findings suggest that the perception of low-level image features is biased to fit internalized beliefs about beauty  

 Emergent Communication with Stack-Based Agents   
   
 Kato, Daichi | ; 
  Ueda, Ryo | ; 
  Naradowsky, Jason | ; 
  Miyao, Yusuke 
    
 Emergent communication (EC) is the field that seeks to understand the mechanisms behind the emergence and evolution of natural language. In EC, the de facto standard has been using sequential architectures that have not explicitly incorporated the "tree-structured hierarchy" inherent in human language. This study utilizes a stack-based model called RL-SPINN, which learns tree structures through reinforcement learning without ground-truth parsing data, and acquires sentence representations according to these structures. We use this model as the basis for the understanding agents and investigate the extent to which the inductive bias of an architecture that explicitly utilizes tree structures affects the emergent language. The experimental results show that the emergent language generated by our model exhibits higher communication accuracy than those generated by other baselines in some settings. This work is the first to focus on the tree-structured hierarchy of language and suggests new directions for future research in EC.  

 Large Language Models Show Human-Like Abstract Thinking Patterns: A Construal-Level Perspective   
   
 Yoo, Seung Joo | ; 
  Lee, Sangah 
    
 This research explores the capabilities of Large Language Models (LLMs) to engage in abstract and concrete thought processes, challenging the common belief that LLMs are incapable of human-like, abstract thinking. Drawing upon the Construal Level Theory (Trope & Liberman, 2010), we demonstrate how prompts tailored for each construal level (abstract versus concrete) influence LLMs' performance in tasks requiring different cognitive approaches. Our key findings include: 1) LLMs exhibit a statistically significant difference in construal level depending on the prompt conditions, and 2) LLMs display superior performance in tasks aligned with the prompted construal level; sentiment analysis in concrete conditions and natural language inference in abstract conditions. This research contributes to the scientific understanding of LLMs, offering practical insights for their effective use in tasks necessitating diverse cognitive capabilities.  

 Speakers align both their gestures and words not only to establish but also to maintain reference to create shared labels for novel objects in interaction   
   
 Akamine, Sho | ; 
  Ghaleb, Esam | ; 
  Rasenberg, Marlou | ; 
  Fernandez, Raquel | ; 
  Meyer, Antje | ; 
  Ōzyürek, Asli 
    
 When we communicate with others, we often repeat aspects of each other's communicative behavior such as sentence structures and words. Such behavioral alignment has been mostly studied for speech or text. Yet, language use is mostly multimodal, flexibly using speech and gestures to convey messages. Here, we explore the use of alignment in speech (words) and co-speech gestures (iconic gestures) in a referential communication task aimed at finding labels for novel objects in interaction. In particular, we investigate how people flexibly use lexical and gestural alignment to create shared labels for novel objects and whether alignment in speech and gesture are related over time. The present study shows that interlocutors establish shared labels multimodally, and alignment in words and iconic gestures are used throughout the interaction. We also show that the amount of lexical alignment positively associates with the amount of gestural alignment over time, suggesting a close relationship between alignment in the vocal and manual modalities.  

 Sound Symbolism Across Diverse Writing Systems   
   
 Porto, Alexander | ; 
  Basalyga, Alexander | ; 
  Huckle, Mr. Nikolai | ; 
  Santiago, Julio | ; 
  Fein, Elizabeth | ; 
  Kranjec, Alexander 
    
 It is now well-established that the visual features of objects influence the sounds we make to refer to them. This is called sound symbolism. We present the results of a two-part study that explores the extent to which the visual features of writing systems correspond to the smallest spoken units of language. In Study 1, participants (n = 322) classified the shape of a set of glyphs, representative of the world's script families. The purpose was to create an open-source database of normed glyphs for future research in cognitive linguistics. In Study 2, participants (n = 73) were prompted to select either a round or angular glyph after hearing one of two kinds of phonemes (vowel or consonant) from the International Phonetic Alphabet. Results from a logistic regression suggest that the type of sound had a significant effect on the choice of glyph, and that vowel sounds increased the likelihood of choosing round glyphs by 30%. The significant correlation between what subjects heard and their choice of glyph suggests that the effect may extend to such sound symbolic relations in real-world writing systems. Our ongoing research seeks to substantiate these findings with increased glyph contrast and more diverse populations.  

 Navigating Brain Language Representations: A Comparative Analysis of Neural Language Models and Psychologically Plausible Models   
   
 Zhang, Yunhao | ; 
  Wang, Shaonan | ; 
  Dong, Xinyi | ; 
  Yu, Jiajun | ; 
  Zong, Chengqing 
    
 Neural language models, particularly large-scale ones, have been consistently proven to be most effective in predicting brain neural activity across a range of studies. However, previous research overlooked the comparison of these models with psychologically plausible ones. Moreover, evaluations were reliant on limited, single-modality, and English cognitive datasets. To address these questions, we conducted an analysis comparing encoding performance of various neural language models and psychologically plausible models. Our study utilized extensive multi-modal cognitive datasets, examining bilingual word and discourse levels. Surprisingly, our findings revealed that psychologically plausible models outperformed neural language models across diverse contexts, encompassing different modalities such as fMRI and eye-tracking, and spanning languages from English to Chinese. Among psychologically plausible models, the one incorporating embodied information emerged as particularly exceptional. This model demonstrated superior performance at both word and discourse levels, exhibiting robust prediction of brain activation across numerous regions in both English and Chinese.  

 Eyes On the Past: visual exploration of Upper Palaeolithic cave art   
   
 Wullf, Frederieke Nicola | ; 
  Kristensen, Sara Kjær | ; 
  Wisher, Isobel | ; 
  Tylen, Kristian 
    
 The European Upper Palaeolithic is rich in figurative cave art. In particular, prey animals are often depicted in simple sche- matic outlines. The role and function of these depictions is sub- ject of controversy with competing accounts represented in the literature. Here we apply eye-tracking to investigate partici- pants' distribution of visual attention as a function of three hy- pothesized pragmatic functions of the cave art: aesthetic appre- ciation, narratives about animal behavior, and social learning of animal species. Results indicate vast variability in visual ex- ploration patterns across the viewing conditions, with more uniformly distributed attention in the aesthetics condition, more focus on legs and torso in the behavior condition, and more attention to the head regions in the species recognition condition. Findings are discussed in regards to the under- and over-specification of information in the animal paintings as a cue to their possible past function.  

 Exploring Individuality in Dance: Unveiling Unique Signatures of Dancers in Choreographic and Dyadic Dance Settings   
   
 Varshney, Prince | ; 
  Hartmann, Martin | ; 
  Carlson, Emily | ; 
  Toiviainen, Petri | ; 
  Alluri, Vinoo 
    
 How we move and interact with our surroundings can reveal a lot about us as an individual. This study delves into the interplay of music, movement, and individual identity within the framework of embodied cognition. Drawing inspiration from Carlson et al. (2020)'s work, which showcased remarkably high accuracy in identifying individuals based on free-form dance movements in a marker-based setting, our investigation extends their work into two novel contexts: markerless-choreographic and marker-based-dyadic dance settings. In the choreographic setting, professional dancers perform identical routines in a markerless setting. In the dyadic setting, individuals danced with a partner. We found that the dancer identification accuracy was at least two times better than the chance level in the choreographic setting and notably high accuracy in the dyadic setting. These results showcase the robustness of Carlson et al. (2020)'s method in generalizing to new settings and the presence of motoric fingerprints in choreographic as well as dyadic settings.  

 A note on complexity in efficient communication analyses of semantic typology   
   
 Mollica, Francis 
    
 Recently the principles of efficient communication have provided useful characterizations of semantic typology: the diversity of attested languages can be described by competing pressures for simplicity and informativeness. While this approach has achieved success in several semantic domains, the formalizations used to define complexity across domains vary. In this note, we list the conditions under which the two main approaches of defining complexity: channel rate and description length, unify and, thus, conclusions about near-optimal communicative efficiency generalize across formalizations. We illustrate this equivalence using simulations of communicative efficiency for Boolean concepts. We round out this note discussing the (un)importance of description languages and the limits on generalizing this equivalence for other behavioral targets for explanation.  

 Subitizing, Visual Indexes, and Attention   
   
 Pelland, Jean-Charles 
    
 Among the many fascinating findings to come out of the numerical cognition literature, subitizing ‚Äì the ability to quickly, effortlessly, and accurately identify the number of items in small collections ‚Äì holds a special place. Despite hundreds of studies probing this ability, the identity of the cognitive systems that explain its unique features remains unknown. One prominent account is that of Trick and Pylyshyn (1994), which is based on pre-attentive parallel individuation of visual indexes. Despite this account's promise, a few researchers have questioned its validity, due to experiments showing that attentional load influences enumeration performance, which they interpret as invalidating a pre-attentional model of subitizing. The present discussion paper offers a novel re-interpretation of some studies on the nature of the relation between subitizing and attention to help clear up in which sense subitizing depends on attentive vs. pre-attentive processes, thereby providing a novel defense of Trick and Pylyshyn's influential model.  

 Severe Storm Warnings for Four-Story Homeowners: Towards a Processing Model of Bracketing Paradoxes   
   
 Pryslopska, Anna | ; 
  von der Malsburg, Titus 
    
 Some German adjective-compound-noun constructions (‚Äòsevere storm.warning') exhibit a bracketing paradox where an adjective semantically modifies the first noun N1 instead of the grammatically required last noun N2 thus violating compositionality. We present two experiments that examined the interpretation of nominal compounds and bracketing paradoxes. Experiment 1 showed that the semantic match of N1 and the adjective has a significant impact on the acceptability of Adj-N1N2 constructions. Experiment 2 probed the participants' adjective attachment choices as well as the relationship between and attachment and acceptability: While N2 attachments were most common, many constructions received mixed and some consistently bracketing paradox interpretations. High ratings for Adj-N2 were predictive of N2 attachment, but high Adj-N1 ratings led to bracketing paradox interpretations. These results are partially against grammatical expectations and suggest competition between the nouns for modification, likely due to semantic and/or pragmatic factors.  

 Acquisition of gender agreement depends on frequency distributions in specific contexts   
   
 Mazara, Jekaterina | ; 
  Loporcaro, Michele | ; 
  Stoll, Sabine 
    
 Learning to understand and use agreement is an integral part of children's linguistic development. In Romance languages, this includes gender and number agreement between the controller and attributive or predicative adjectives or participles. We examine the development of this category in a case where children's task is complicated by syncretisms, multiple paradigms, and unequal input distributions. Romansh Tuatschin (Romance, Indo-European, Switzerland) presents children with two distinct paradigms for attributive (masculine and feminine only) and predicative (masculine, feminine, and neuter/unmarked) contexts of adjective and participle use. The masculine form in predicative use is the same as the neuter form in attributive usage. Thus the masculine form in these two paradigms differs. This could be challenging for the language learner. The distribution of these forms is heavily skewed towards the \emph{neuter} in predicative contexts but balanced in attributives. Examining production errors in children between 2;0 and 4;3, we evaluate the effects of frequency and syncretism and find that error-rate is affected by skewed distributions and less affected by syncretisms. This demonstrates the strong effect of input distributions on first language acquisition.  

 A systematic investigation of learnability from single child linguistic input   
   
 Qin, Yulu | ; 
  Wang, Wentao | ; 
  Lake, Brenden 
    
 Language models (LMs) have demonstrated remarkable profi- ciency in generating linguistically coherent text, sparking dis- cussions about their relevance to understanding human lan- guage learnability. However, a significant gap exists between the training data for these models and the linguistic input a child receives. LMs are typically trained on data that is or- ders of magnitude larger and fundamentally different from child-directed speech (Warstadt & Bowman, 2022; Warstadt et al., 2023; Frank, 2023a). Addressing this discrepancy our research focuses on training LMs on subsets of a sin- gle child's linguistic input. Previously, Wang, Vong, Kim and Lake (2023) found that LMs trained in this setting can form syntactic and semantic word clusters and develop sen- sitivity to certain linguistic phenomena, but they only consid- ered LSTMs and simpler neural networks trained from just one single-child dataset. Here, to examine the robustness of learn- ability from single-child input, we systematically train six dif- ferent model architectures on five datasets (3 single-child and 2 baselines). We find that the models trained on single-child datasets showed consistent results that matched with previous work, underscoring the robustness of forming meaningful syn- tactic and semantic representations from a subset of a child's linguistic input. Keywords: learnability; single-child; distributional learning; robustness; language models  

 Harmonizing Program Induction with Rate-Distortion Theory   
   
 Zhou, Hanqi | ; 
  Nagy, David G. | ; 
  Wu, Charley M 
    
 Many aspects of human learning have been proposed as a process of constructing mental programs: from acquiring symbolic number representations to intuitive theories about the world. In parallel, there is a long-tradition of using information processing to model human cognition through Rate Distortion Theory (RDT). Yet, it is still poorly understood how to apply RDT when mental representations take the form of programs. In this work, we adapt RDT by proposing a three way trade-off among rate (description length), distortion (error), and computational costs (search budget). We use simulations on a melody task to study the implications of this trade-off, and show that constructing a shared program library across tasks provides global benefits. However, this comes at the cost of sensitivity to curricula, which is also characteristic of human learners. Finally, we use methods from partial information decomposition to generate training curricula that induce more effective libraries and better generalization.  

 What can L1 speakers tell us about killing hope? A Novel Behavioral Measure for Identifying Collocations   
   
 de Souza, Sydelle | ; 
  Mollica, Francis | ; 
  Culbertson, Jennifer 
    
 Collocations, semi-productive lexical combinations with one figurative and one literal word, are said to be a ‚Äúpain in the neck‚Äù for researchers and L2 learners. The present study aims: (i) to conceptually replicate the processing costs incurred by L1 speakers when processing collocations using a larger and more diverse set of items, (ii) to use literalness judgements to test whether L1 speakers are aware of the semi-transparent meaning of a collocation, and (iii) to test whether the presence of processing costs associated with collocations can be predicted from literalness judgements. If so, we propose that literalness judgements could be used as a diagnostic for reli- ably identifying collocations. We replicate the L1 processing costs with a larger stimulus set and demonstrate that speakers are aware of the semi-transparent meaning of the collocation. We further show that L1 speaker judgements about the literal- ness of a word combination can be used to predict its status as a collocation.  

 Functional Explanations Link Gender Essentialism and Normativity   
   
 Foster-Hanson, Emily | ; 
  Lombrozo, Tania 
    
 Why do beliefs that gender differences are innate (i.e., gender essentialism) sometimes lead to normative judgments about how individual people ought to be? In the current study, we propose that a missing premise linking gender essentialism and normativity rests on the common folk-biological assumption that biological features serve a biological function. When participants (N = 289) learned that a novel feature of the gender category ‚Äúmothers‚Äù was common and innate, they overwhelmingly assumed that it must have served some function across human history. When they learned that it served a historical function, they assumed that it must still be beneficial in today's environment. When participants learned that the feature was beneficial, they judged that contemporary mothers ought to have it, and they were more willing to intervene to ensure that they would by constraining the choices of individual mothers. Thus, we suggest that essentialist assumptions can shape normative social judgments via the explanations people tend to generate about why certain features of natural kind categories become common to begin with. This finding articulates one manifestation of the naturalistic fallacy, with implications for policy debates about bodily autonomy and choice.  

 Distinguishing Between Process Models of Causal Learning   
   
 Valentin, Simon | ; 
  Castillo, Lucas | ; 
  Sanborn, Adam | ; 
  Lucas, Chris 
    
 The mechanisms of learning stimulus-stimulus relationships are a longstanding research subject in psychology and neuroscience. Although traditional computational models provide valuable insights into learning processes, they often focus on the average behavior of a population. Individual learning trajectories, however, exhibit a diverse range of behaviors not captured by these models. In this paper, we compare sampling-based process-level models (i.e., particle filters) to representative associative and causal models (i.e., augmented Rescorla-Wagner and PowerPC) in their ability to capture individual learning behavior. We use likelihood-free inference incorporating machine-learned summary statistics for model estimation. We conduct a simulation study to demonstrate high model identifiability and test the models on an existing dataset and a newly conducted experiment which replicates and extends previous studies. We find that most participants are best explained by a particle filtering account, but more targeted experimental designs are required to estimate the best-fitting sub-type of these particle filter models.  

 An Adaptive Learning System for Stepwise Automatisation of Multiplication Facts in Primary Education   
   
 Iancu, Stefania D. | ; 
  Braam, Myrthe | ; 
  Mccabe, Nathan | ; 
  Wilschut, Thomas Jan | ; 
  van Rijn, Hedderik | ; 
  van der Velde, Maarten 
    
 We demonstrate an application for learning multiplication problems with an adaptive algorithm that is based on a computational cognitive model of the learner's memory. The application helps learners automatise and memorise multiplications through repeated practice over three levels of difficulty. In a naturalistic setting involving more than 500 primary school students (ages 6-10) who together recorded over 300,000 responses, we observed that performance improved as learners using the application progressed through the levels. A model-based analysis of performance revealed that learners' estimated speed of forgetting decreased from the second to the third level. This is consistent with a shift towards stronger declarative knowledge and/or more efficient computation procedures. The model also identified consistent differences in the difficulty of individual multiplication facts that persisted across levels. This study demonstrates the feasibility of using an adaptive fact learning application to help young learners master multiplication, an essential mathematical skill.  

 Exploring Programming Aptitude: Comparing the Predictive Utility of Language Aptitude Subskills for Python and Java Learning   
   
 Mottarella, Malayka | ; 
  Mortimore, Katherine | ; 
  Prat, Chantel 
    
 The present study examines how natural language aptitude subskills predict individual differences in learning Python and Java. Past work has demonstrated that overall performance on the Modern Language Aptitude Test (MLAT), a standardized measure of language aptitude, is a strong predictor of both the speed and accuracy with which individuals learn Python. However, language aptitude is a broad multidimensional construct made up of individual subskills. In the present study, we examine how two of these subskills - sensitivity to form and meaning mapping - relate to programming outcomes in both Python and Java. Results indicate that both sensitivity to form (MLAT IV) and meaning mapping (MLAT V) are related to programming acquisition in both languages - this relationship remains even after controlling for fluid intelligence. We also examined how programming skills tied to semantics and syntax related between Python and Java in a subset of learners who learned both languages. These results demonstrated that proficiency in Python predicted individual differences in both syntactic and semantic knowledge in Java. Taken together, these results further elucidate the role of natural language aptitude in programming learning and suggest that semantic and syntactic content may transfer across programming languages.  

 Multimodal communication in newly sighted children: An investigation of the relation between visual experience and pragmatic development   
   
 Rubio-Fernàndez, Paula | ; 
  Long, Madeleine | ; 
  Shukla, Vishakha | ; 
  Bhatia, Vrinda | ; 
  Mahapatra, Anwesha | ; 
  Ralekar, Dr. Chetan | ; 
  Ben-Ami, Shlomit | ; 
  Sinha, Pawan 
    
 We investigated the relationship between visual experience and pragmatic development by testing the socio-communicative skills of a unique population: the Prakash children of India, who received treatment for congenital cataracts after years of visual deprivation. Using two different referential communication tasks, our study investigated Prakash' children ability to produce sufficiently informative referential expressions (e.g., ‚Äòthe green pear' or ‚Äòthe small plate') and pay attention to their interlocutor's face during the task (Experiment 1), as well as their ability to recognize a speaker's referential intent through non-verbal cues such as head turning and pointing (Experiment 2). Our results show that Prakash children have strong pragmatic skills, but do not look at their interlocutor's face as often as neurotypical children do. However, longitudinal analyses revealed an increase in face fixations, suggesting that over time, Prakash children come to utilize their improved visual skills for efficient referential communication.  

 Use of spatial reference frames for motion events in Balinese co-speech gesture   
   
 Naegeli, Danielle | ; 
  Peeters, David | ; 
  Krahmer, Emiel | ; 
  Schouwstra, Marieke | ; 
  Satyawati, Made Sri | ; 
  De Vos, Connie 
    
 Spatial cognition and spatial language are a core site for diversity, both within and across language communities. For instance, when describing motion events, speakers through speech and gesture may anchor information either (egocentrically) to their body or (allocentrically) to geographical landmarks in the environment. Here we investigate whether the use of such egocentric versus allocentric frames of reference in co-speech gesture indeed depends on both bodily and environmental axes. In a real-world experiment, members from the traditionally allocentric Balinese community were shown small-scale motion events and asked to retell them. To evaluate the potential influence of both types of axes on gestural frame of reference use, in a 2x2 between-participant design they were assigned to conditions that contrasted the body-anchored axis the motion events unfolded on with the underlying geographical environment-anchored axis. It was observed that the type of body-anchored axis significantly predicted frame of reference representation in participants' gestures, consistent with previous research. The type of environment-anchored axes, however, did not affect characteristics of participants' gestures. These findings advance our understanding of the intricate interplay between language, space, culture, and environment.  

 Is There Flexibility in Letter-Position Encoding in Hindi? Evidence from Masked Form Priming Study   
   
 Kumar, Suraj | ; 
  Khare, Anurag | ; 
  Verma, Ark 
    
 Recognizing written words involves identifying individual letters, as well as keeping track of specific positions of the letters. Interestingly, some languages show flexibility in letter- position encoding which is inferred by the observation that pseudowords formed by transposing internal letters of a word (e.g., jugde-JUDGE) can facilitate recognition of the given word. While research in English and other Indo-European languages have shown that readers can cope with such violations in the canonical order of letters in a word, research from other languages such as Arabic, Hebrew, and Korean show contrasting results. Such scenario creates a need of more research from different writing systems of the world, so that a universal model of word-recognition can be built. Therefore, in the current study, we investigated flexibility in letter-position encoding in Hindi (Devanagari script). Interestingly, we found evidence for flexibility in letter position encoding in Hindi similar to English and other Indo-European languages.  

 Conceptual Diversity Across Languages and Cultures: A Study on Common Word Meanings among native English and Chinese speakers.   
   
 Ke, Jia | ; 
  De Deyne, Simon 
    
 While meaning variation in common words across language and culture is well established, only a few studies have explicitly quantified how general such differences are and whether differences reflect slight variations in meaning or could be considered to map onto entirely distinct concepts for different groups. The present study aims to investigate the extent to which common words can be interpreted differently between groups of English-proficient native Chinese speakers and native English speakers. This was done through a free judgment of associative strength (JAS) task using 42 cue English nouns. Our findings revealed language-specific meanings across all 42 cue words, with strong evidence for language-specific meaning in nearly 95\% of nouns. To determine whether these words map onto entirely distinct language-specific concepts, we measured conceptual diversity using Latent Profile Analysis (LPA). The results of the LPA showed that nearly 69% of the cue words could be mapped onto more than one concept across all participants. Importantly, language differences were related to conceptual diversity in nearly 64% of words featuring multiple concepts. In sum, we found robust evidence of word meanings and conceptual variations among individuals across distinct linguistic and cultural backgrounds, even for common English words.  

 Allocation of Fixational Eye Movements in Response to Uncertainty in Dynamic Environments   
   
 Abalakin, Nikita | ; 
  Heinrich, Nils Wendel | ; 
  Ōsterdiekhoff, Annika | ; 
  Kopp, Stefan | ; 
  Russwinkel, Nele 
    
 The complexity and unpredictability of a situation might contribute to how much an individual feels in control of their actions. Goal-directed behaviour tailored to different situations is enabled through a hierarchy of situated action control combining cognitive and sensorimotor control processes. We use eye-tracking to investigate the grounding of cognitive processes in the sensorimotor system. Our assumption is that different degrees of perceived control trigger cognitive states that are reflected in eye-movement behaviour. Utilizing a dynamic experimental environment, we investigate whether complexity and uncertainty of the situation are top-down processed into fixational eye movements. The distance to a reference point is affected by environmental complexity in all fixations; however environmental uncertainty is only incorporated in fixations that guide motor control. We discuss that these fixations are only executed under high sense of control when there are enough cognitive resources left to top-down process the environmental uncertainty into gaze allocation.  

 Cobweb: An Incremental and Hierarchical Model of Human-Like Category Learning   
   
 Lian, Xin | ; 
  Varma, Sashank | ; 
  MacLellan, Christopher 
    
 Cobweb, a human-like category learning system, differs from most cognitive science models in incrementally constructing hierarchically organized tree-like structures guided by the category utility measure. Prior studies have shown that Cobweb can capture psychological effects such as basic-level, typicality, and fan effects. However, a broader evaluation of Cobweb as a model of human categorization remains lacking. The current study addresses this gap. It establishes Cobweb's alignment with classical human category learning effects. It also explores Cobweb's flexibility to exhibit both exemplar- and prototype-like learning within a single framework. These findings set the stage for further research on Cobweb as a robust model of human category learning.  

 Assessing the Impact of Cognitive Manipulation Techniques on the Command and Control Process: An Exploration Based on QFD Model   
   
 Sun, Yazhou | ; 
  Li, Xiaosong 
    
 Command and control is a key activity in a war that determines whether the war is won or lost. A person's cognition can influence the decisions he makes in command and control. In this paper, we propose a method to assess the impact of cognitive manipulation techniques in command and control. We divide command and control activities into eight segments and use a hierarchical latent Dirichlet allocation model in natural language processing to discover the most important cognitive manipulation techniques at present. We completed the assessment process using the Quality Function Deployment Model. The results of the assessment show that judgement, decision-making, and planning in the command and control perspective are susceptible to cognitive manipulation techniques; the tactical level is more susceptible to cognitive manipulation techniques than the strategic campaign. Life sciences, digital technology, and other fields play a key role in command and control research under cognitive manipulation.  

 How are categories of intransitive verbs formed? The interaction between meaning and grammar based on evidence from children's acquisition   
   
 Lin, Kaiying 
    
 In the domain of Linguistics, the categories of intransitive verbs, namely the unaccusativity, is a long-debated topic. Unaccusativity suggests that intransitive verbs can be divided into unergative and unaccusative verbs, based on their subjects' similarity to the subjects of transitive verbs or the objects of transitive verbs. Previous research has discussed how the meaning of verbs can decide the unaccusativity of intransitive verbs, but the meanings of verbs alone still cannot predict the unaccusativity of intransitive verbs cross-linguistically. Moreover, while the sentential environment can have an impact on the categories of intransitive verbs, previous studies did not investigate how the environment plays a role in the categories. This paper examines this issue from child language acquisition. I select a few sentential environments in the children's corpus of Mandarin and conduct a qualitative analysis that suggests that these sentence environments indeed possess the properties of either category. In a child acquisition experiment, I show that when the category of verbal meanings and sentential environments align, the categorization of verbs is the most obvious and efficient. I introduce the concept of ‚Äòcompatibility' to describe this relationship between verb meaning and the sentential environment. These results suggest that speakers can infer the unaccusativity of verbs from a variety of sentence environments in language that may not be directly linked to the concept of unaccusativity, and the concept of ‚Äòcompatibility' in language environment is a crucial factor in the categories/categorization of unaccusativity.  

 Boundedness is Represented in Visual and Auditory Event Cognition   
   
 Tarakçı, Bahar | ; 
  Barış, Ceren | ; 
  Ünal, Ercenur 
    
 Viewers are sensitive to the distinction between visual events with an internal structure leading to a well-defined endpoint (bounded events) and events lacking this structure and a well-defined endpoint (unbounded events). Here, we asked whether boundedness could be represented in the auditory modality in a way similar to the visual modality. To investigate this question, we trained participants with visual and auditory events on bounded or unbounded event categories in a category identification task. Later, we tested whether they could abstract the internal temporal structure of events and extend the (un)boundedness category to new examples in the same modality. These findings suggest that the principles and constraints that apply to the basic units of human experience in the visual modality have their counterparts in the auditory modality.  

 Modeling Social Learning Through Demonstration in Multi-Armed Bandits   
   
 Martinez, Julio | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. | ; 
  Haber, Nick 
    
 Humans are efficient social learners who leverage social information to rapidly adapt to new environments, but the computations by which we combine social information with prior knowledge are poorly understood. We study social learning within the context of multi-armed bandits using a novel ‚Äúasteroid mining‚Äù video game where participants learn through active play and passive observation of expert and novice players. We simulate human exploration and social learning using naive versions of Thompson and Upper Confidence Bound (UCB) solvers and hybrid models that use Thompson and UCB solvers for direct learning together with a multi-layer perceptron to estimate what should be learned from other players. Two variants of the hybrid models provide good, parameter-free fits to human performance across a range of learning conditions. Our work shows a route for integrating social learning into reinforcement learning models and suggests that human social learning conforms to the predictions of such models.  

 Language use is only sparsely compositional: The case of English adjective-noun phrases in humans and large language models   
   
 Sathe, Aalok | ; 
  Fedorenko, Evelina | ; 
  Zaslavsky, Noga 
    
 Compositionality is considered a key hallmark of human language. However, most research focuses on item-level compositionality, e.g., to what extent the meanings of phrases are composed of the meanings of their sub-parts, rather than on language-level compositionality, which is the degree to which possible combinations are utilized in practice during language use. Here, we propose a novel way to quantify the degree of language-level compositionality and apply it in the case of English adjective-noun combinations. Using corpus analyses, large language models, and human acceptability ratings, we find that (1) English only sparsely utilizes the compositional potential of adjective‚Äìnoun combinations; and (2) LLMs struggle to predict human acceptability judgments of rare combinations. Taken together, our findings shed new light on the role of compositionality in language and highlight a challenging area for further improving LLMs.  

 Evaluating LLMs as Tools to Support Early Vocabulary Learning   
   
 Weber, Jennifer | ; 
  Valentini, Maria | ; 
  Wright, Téa | ; 
  von der Wense, Katharina | ; 
  Colunga, Eliana 
    
 Early language development, and vocabulary size specifically, is a predictor of well-being later in life, such as emotional development and academic achievement. Many successful vocabulary interventions for young children involve sharing a book with a caregiver, because storybooks are a good source of vocabulary that one might not otherwise encounter in everyday life. With the advent of Large Language Models (LLM), automatically generating stories has become a feasible way to tailor materials to the needs and interests of individual learners. Here we evaluate 1) whether parents of preschoolers find automatically generated stories containing specific vocabulary target words acceptable, and 2) whether preschoolers can learn these target words from being read the automatically generated stories. We find that parents overall consider automatically generated stories engaging, age- appropriate, and educational. In addition, children successfully learn the target words in the storybooks (compared to control words drawn from books not read). We conclude with a discussion on future work to improve the effectiveness of automatically generated stories to support robust vocabulary learning.  

 Social Learning via Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning: Learning from and about a Learner   
   
 Ortmann, Alexandra | ; 
  Dutt, Anurag | ; 
  Luhmann, Christian 
    
 What does a social learner learn? Research has explored imitation-based social learning strategies as well as inverse reinforcement algorithms that estimate others' true reward function. In the current study, we propose that social learning may be more elaborate and develop a model of social learning using Bayesian inference that seeks to understand both the task an observed demonstrator is performing and the demonstrator itself. Using simulations, we show that the model is able to learn about the demonstrator when provided with full and partial information. We strengthen this point by asking the model to make inferences about missing choice and reward information. Last, we show that the model is able to represent one set of beliefs about the environment while attributing a distinct set of beliefs to the demonstrator. Thus, we move away from simple models of social learning, investigating inference-making as a core mechanism of social learning.  

 Cognitive Models for Abacus Gesture Learning   
   
 He, Lingyun | ; 
  Ka, Duk Hee | ; 
  Ehtesham-Ul-Haque, Md | ; 
  Billah, Syed Masum | ; 
  Tehranchi, Farnaz 
    
 In this paper, we developed three ACT-R cognitive models to simulate the learning process of abacus gestures. Abacus gestures are mid-air gestures, each representing a number between 0 and 99. Our models learn to predict the response time of making an abacus gesture. We found the accuracy of a model's predictions depends on the structure of its declarative memory. A model with 100 chunks cannot simulate human response, whereas models using fewer chunks can, as segmenting chunks increase both the frequency and recency of information retrieval. Furthermore, our findings suggest that the mind is more likely to represent abacus gestures by dividing attention between two hands rather than memorizing and outputting all gestures directly. These insights have important implications for future research in cognitive science and human-computer interaction, particularly in developing vision and motor modules for mental states in existing cognitive architectures and designing intuitive and efficient mid-air gesture interfaces.  

 Do Large language Models know who did what to whom?   
   
 Denning, Joseph | ; 
  Guo, Xiaohan (Hannah) | ; 
  Snefjella, Bryor | ; 
  Blank, Idan A 
    
 Large Language Models (LLMs), which match or exceed human performance on many linguistic tasks, are nonetheless commonly criticized for not ‚Äúunderstanding‚Äù language. These critiques are hard to evaluate because they conflate ‚Äúunderstanding‚Äù with reasoning and common sense‚Äîabilities that, in human minds, are dissociated from language processing per se. Here, we instead focus on a form of understanding that is tightly linked to language: mapping sentence structure onto an event description of ‚Äúwho did what to whom‚Äù (thematic roles). Whereas LLMs can be directly trained to solve to this task, we asked whether they naturally learn to extract such information during their regular, unsupervised training on word prediction. In two experiments, we evaluated sentence representations in two commonly used LLMs‚ÄîBERT and GPT-2. Experiment 1 tested hidden representations distributed across all hidden units, and found an unexpected pattern: sentence pairs that had opposite (reversed) agent and patient, but shared syntax, were represented as more similar than pairs that shared the same agent and same patient, but differed in syntax. In contrast, human similarity judgments were driven by thematic role assignment. Experiment 2 asked whether thematic role information was localized to a subset of units and/or to attention heads. We found little evidence that this information was available in hidden units (with one exception). However, we found attention heads that reflected thematic roles independent of syntax. Therefore, some components within LLMs capture thematic roles, but such information exerts a much weaker influence on their sentence representations compared to its influence on human judgments.  

 HeCz: A large scale self-paced reading corpus of newspaper headlines   
   
 Chromý, Jan | ; 
  Cehàkovà, Markéta | ; 
  Brand, James 
    
 Linguistic corpora have been a vital resource for understanding not only how we use language, but also how we process words and sentences. In order to better understand language processing, researchers have recently been creating corpora that integrate both traditional text annotations as well as behavioural measurements collected from human participants. In this paper we introduce the HeCz Corpus, which to our knowledge is the largest such example of a behavioural corpus, containing 1,919 newspaper headlines taken from a Czech language news website. The sample consisted of 1,872 participants, each reading approximately 120 headlines. Each headline was read using a self-paced reading, meaning that every word in the corpus can be analyzed for reading time. After reading each headline, each participant answered a question relating to a specific information contained within the headline, providing a measurement of comprehension. To facilitate better understanding of participant level variation in how the headlines are processed, we collected data on the participant's mood state immediately prior to their participation, along with other basic demographic information. We also collected data from a subset of participants who read the stimuli in the initial testing round, but also completed the same experiment in a second round after a one-month gap, which can provide new insights into how texts are processed and understood when being re-read. In order to highlight the practical uses of the corpus, our analyses focus on how reading times are modulated by i) headline length in words, ii) trial order, and iii) testing round, in addition to examining the role of targeted information location in comprehension accuracy. HeCz thus provides a unique and novel resource that can be used by psycholinguists and cognitive scientists more generally, in order to gain new insights into how real-world language is processed and understood.  

 Beyond Noise: The Role of Speaker Variability on Statistical Learning   
   
 Melville, Larissa | ; 
  Black, Alexis K. 
    
 Adult language learners have difficulty segmenting words from continuous speech when the phonology is unfamiliar. Since speaker variability is known to improve acquisition of novel language structures, it could be processed in ways that bootstrap phonological patterns and enhance learners' ability to segment words. To test this, the present experiment examined adult participants' learning of a stream of statistically determined tri-syllabic words that were spoken by one or multiple speakers. Syllables were constructed with either English phonology or non-English phonology. Two tasks (target detection and two-alternative forced choice) assessed the extent of listeners' sensitivity to language patterns and word segmentation. Results suggest speaker variability negatively impacted learners' ability to track the underlying statistics. 2AFC word segmentation performance was poor‚Äîindependent of speaker number; it is hypothesized that attentional demands of the target detection task conflicted with statistical word segmentation mechanisms.  

 Estimating a Time Series of Interpretation Indeterminacy in Reading a Short Story Using a Quantum Cognition Model   
   
 Fuyama, Miho 
    
 Literary and aesthetic studies have suggested that readers can stay in indeterminate states where they hold multiple interpretations, and that this indeterminate interpretation state causes an aesthetic feeling, involvement, and understanding of art. To explore the indeterminate interpretation state, we employed a quantum cognition framework and conducted a reading experiment using a short story. The results suggest that readers' interpretations can be regarded as a superposition state corresponding to the indeterminate and polysemous interpretation of the story. We also estimated a time series of quantum indeterminacy and discussed the text features related to quantum indeterminacy.  

 Effects of ease of comprehension and individual differences on the pleasure experienced while reading novelized verb-based metaphors   
   
 Errington, Patrick J | ; 
  Thye, Melissa | ; 
  Tao, Annie | ; 
  Mirman, Daniel 
    
 People generally seek to minimize effort, including cognitive effort, but poetic language can be pleasurable while requiring effort to understand. The ‚Äòoptimal innovation hypothesis' holds that this paradoxical relationship arises when a non-default interpretation is required and the default interpretation is easily available for comparison. A recent study of ease and pleasure during reading novel variations of familiar verb-based metaphors was partially consistent with this prediction. The present study replicated that pattern of partial support and examined how it is correlated with individual differences in verbal ability, personality (emotionality and openness to experience), and lifestyle/experience (engagement with creative hobbies). Correlations with individual differences tended to be very small and not statistically significant, with two exceptions. First, participants with better verbal ability tended to rate metaphors easier to understand, particularly for familiar metaphors, and a similar pattern was observed for the ‚Äòopenness to experience' personality trait. Second, there was a positive association between engagement with creative hobbies and pleasure ratings specifically for the critical ‚Äòoptimal' extension metaphors. These results provide a robust basis for future research on the aesthetic experience of metaphors and literary language in general.  

 Coordination in dynamic interactions by converging on tacitly agreed joint plans   
   
 Le Pargneux, Arthur | ; 
  Zeitoun, Hossam | ; 
  Konstantinidis, Emmanouil | ; 
  Chater, Nick 
    
 People solve a myriad of coordination problems without explicit communication every day. A recent theoretical account, virtual bargaining, proposes that, to coordinate, we often simulate a negotiation process, and act according to what we would be most likely to agree to do if we were to bargain. But very often several equivalent tacit agreements ‚Äî or virtual bargains ‚Äî are available, which poses the challenge of figuring out which one to follow. Here we take inspiration from virtual bargaining to develop a cognitive modeling framework for dynamic coordination problems. We assume that players recognize their common goal, identify one or more possible tacit agreements based on situational features, observe the history of their partner's choices to infer the most likely tacit agreement, and play their role in the joint plan. We test this approach in two experiments (n = 125 and n = 133) based on a dynamic coordination game designed to elicit agreement-based behavior. We fit our model at the individual level and compare its performance against alternative models. Across four different conditions, our model performs best among the set of models considered. Behavioral results are also consistent with players sustaining coordination and cooperation in the task by converging on tacitly agreed strategies or ‚Äúvirtual bargains‚Äù.  

 A Neural Process Model of Structure Mapping Accounts for Children's Development of Analogical Mapping by Change in Inhibitory Control   
   
 Kang, Minseok | ; 
  Sabinasz, Daniel | ; 
  Schöner, Gregor 
    
 We present a neural process model of visual analogical mapping that receives image inputs and responds by spatially selecting a matching object to a cued object. The relational structure of the base scene is stored in a way that specifies the arguments of each relation, allowing mappings based on structural correspondence to be represented as proposed by the structure-mapping theory. All the processes in the model emerge out of coupled integro-differential equations modeling neural population activation dynamics. The mapping can be influenced by both featural and relational similarities. The developmental shift in mappings in the presence of a featural distractor can be accounted for by manipulating how well the model can maintain attention to relevant feature/relation dimensions, consistent with a hypothesis suggesting inhibitory as a key factor explaining the shift.  

 Category Learning in Context: Modelling an Assimilation Process in Self-regulated Category Learning   
   
 Hosch, Ann-Katrin | ; 
  Hoffmann, Janina A | ; 
  von Helversen, Bettina 
    
 Category learning, a fundamental cognitive ability, is significantly influenced by variability. In this research, we propose a model describing how people adjust information search in self-regulated category learning to the level of category variability. Participants in the self-regulated category learning task sampled from two categories until they felt confident in categorizing novel objects. Our model assumes an influence of the variability of the focal and counter category on sampling by considering a within-category and between-category processes. In both processes, variability is quantified using an information-theoretic measure. Within this model, we test if a between-category process can be better conceptualized as either a contrasting or an assimilation process. The comparison of both processes support a between-category assimilation process, where the sample size adjusts to the counter category's variability. This novel focus sheds light on between-category dynamics, providing valuable insights into the mechanisms of category learning.  

 Comparing online and post-processing pronunciation correction during orthographic incidental learning: A computational study with the BRAID-Acq model   
   
 Steinhilber, Alexandra | ; 
  Valdois, Sylviane | ; 
  Diard, Julien 
    
 Reading acquisition primarily relies on orthographic learning. Behavioral studies show that familiarity with a novel word's pronunciation facilitates learning, particularly in semantically meaningful contexts. Two main components of orthographic learning are commonly described: perceptual processing of the visual stimulus, to infer corresponding phonological rep- resentations, and ‚Äúpronunciation correction‚Äù, to correct errors from perceptual processing. Currently, pronunciation correc- tion has not been featured in reading acquisition computa- tional models. This study uses BRAID-Acq, a reading ac- quisition model, to implement and compare two pronunciation correction mechanisms (an ‚Äúonline‚Äù and a ‚Äúpost-processing‚Äù variant). We simulated learning of words with and without prior phonological knowledge and explored the impact of con- text strength and size on learning. Results indicate that both mechanisms improve decoding. However, the post-processing mechanism induced implausible lexicalization for words with- out prior phonological knowledge, while the online mecha- nism did not. Overall, our simulation results suggest that pro- nunciation correction could be construed as an online process.  

 Linking cognitive and neural models of audiovisual processing to explore speech perception in autism   
   
 Brown, Grace | ; 
  Feldman, Naomi H 
    
 Autistic and neurotypical children do not handle audiovisual speech in the same manner. Current evidence suggests that this difference occurs at the level of cue combination. Here, we test whether differences in autistic and neurotypical audiovisual speech perception can be explained by a neural theory of sensory perception in autism, which proposes that heightened levels of neural excitation can account for sensory differences in autism. Through a linking hypothesis that integrates a standard probabilistic cognitive model of cue integration with representations of neural activity, we derive a model that can simulate audio-visual speech perception at a neural population level. Simulations of an audiovisual lexical identification task demonstrate that heightened levels of neural excitation at the level of cue combination cannot account for the observed differences in autistic and neurotypical children's audiovisual speech perception.  

 Advice Design to Increase the Use of Advice with an Interval to Overcome Algorithm Aversion   
   
 Kagawa, Rina | ; 
  Honda, Hidehito | ; 
  Nosato, Hirokazu 
    
 Despite computational algorithms outperforming humans in certain tasks, algorithmic advice is less used than human advice (algorithm aversion). Thus, algorithmic advice should be designed to avoid algorithm aversion. However, few studies have discussed the use of advice with an interval (e.g., 60.0 ¬± 2.0 %), a common format in algorithmic advice. This study confirmed in two behavioral experiments (N = 200) that differences in advice sources lead to differences in advice use, mainly by influencing the step at which the judge decides whether to ignore the advice. Therefore, we proposed to individualize the presentation of advice so that the advice would be such that decreases the rate advice being ignored. Our individualization of the advice presentation focused on the distance between the advice and the initial judgment, a significant factor in advice utilization. Another behavioral experiment (N = 100) confirmed that our proposed advice design overcomes differences among advisors.  

 Cross-linguistic transfer of phonological assimilation in early and late bilinguals   
   
 Peperkamp, Sharon | ; 
  Kaiser, Sonya | ; 
  Lamel, Lori | ; 
  ADDA-DECKER, Martine 
    
 Bilinguals show linguistic transfer effects at several processing levels. Focusing on phonology, we investigate the transfer of optional assimilation rules during speech production. Specifically, we examine to what extent bilinguals apply their native assimilation rule and/or fail to apply an L2 assimilation rule in their L2 speech. Both early and advanced late English-French bilinguals read a short French text. Using a speech recognizer with specific pronunciation variants, we found that the late bilinguals showed evidence for transfer of place assimilation, as well as a reduction in the amount of voicing assimilation compared to that of native French controls. The early bilinguals did not differ from the French controls in terms of place assimilation, but their voicing assimilation rate was intermediate between those of the French controls and the late bilinguals.  

 Sense of Control in Dynamic Multitasking and its Impact on Voluntary Task-Switching Behavior   
   
 Ōsterdiekhoff, Annika | ; 
  Heinrich, Nils Wendel | ; 
  Russwinkel, Nele | ; 
  Kopp, Stefan 
    
 The sense of control (SoC) is the subjective feeling of being in control over an action, influenced by controllability, difficulty and feedback. However, it remains unclear how SoC is formed in multitasking scenarios. We conducted a study to analyze SoC and its impact on task-switching behavior in multitasking scenarios. Participants were required to perform two tasks in parallel while in control of one task at a time, requiring voluntary switching. We found that task-specific SoCs are influenced by the controllability and difficulty of each task. An overall SoC can be explained mainly by these task-specific SoCs. But, the overall SoC did not correlate with the frequency of task switches or the relative time spent on one task. Our analysis indicates that the SoC of a more control-demanding task has greater impact on the overall SoC and even affects the task-specific SoC of the other task, as well as task-switching behavior.  

 Resource-Rational Encoding of Reward Information in Planning   
   
 Ying, Zhuojun | ; 
  Callaway, Frederick | ; 
  Kiyonaga, Anastasia | ; 
  Mattar, Marcelo G 
    
 Working memory is widely assumed to underlie multi-step planning, where representations of possible future actions and rewards are iteratively updated before determining a choice. But most working memory research focuses on a context where stimuli are presented simultaneously and the value of encoding each stimulus is independent of others. It is unclear how working memory functions in planning scenarios where the rewards of future actions unfold over time, are retained in working memory, and must be integrated for plan selection. To bridge this gap, we adapted a version of the "mouselab task" in which participants sequentially observe the reward at each node in a decision tree before selecting a plan that maximizes cumulative rewards. We specified a theoretical model to characterize the optimal encoding and maintenance strategy for this task given the working memory constraints, which trades off the cost of storing information with the potential benefit of informing later choices. The model encoded rewards in choice-relevant plans more often, in particular, rewards on the best and (to a lesser extent) worst plans. We then tested this hypotheses on human participants, who showed the same pattern in the accuracy of their explicit recall. Our study thus establishes an empirical and theoretical foundation for models of how people encode and maintain information during planning.  

 Capable but not cooperative? Perceptions of ChatGPT as a pragmatic speaker   
   
 Mayn, Alexandra | ; 
  Loy, Jia | ; 
  Demberg, Vera 
    
 Pragmatic implicature derivation presupposes that the cooperative principle is observed and critically depends on interlocutors expecting each other to behave cooperatively. It is much less clear, however, whether people extend this assumption to communication with artificial agents. People might therefore not draw the same pragmatic inferences when interacting with an artificial agent as they would with other conversationally competent humans, even if the agent is in principle believed to be similarly competent. In our study, we ask participants to interpret messages in a pragmatic reference game which they are told were generated by ChatGPT. Additionally, participants report whether they believe ChatGPT to be capable of the reasoning needed to select the optimal message. We observe a noteworthy discrepancy: in the reference game, participants interpret ChatGPT's messages less pragmatically than those of another adult human, but in the post-test questionnaire, they overwhelmingly rate ChatGPT's pragmatic ability very highly.  

 Semantic Leakage Enables Lie Detection, but First-Person Pronouns and Verbosity Can Get in the Way of Detection   
   
 Yeter, Ōzlem | ; 
  Kooi, Barteld P. | ; 
  de Weerd, Harmen | ; 
  Verbrugge, Rineke | ; 
  Hendriks, Petra 
    
 We investigated the impact of linguistic cues and autistic traits on lie detection. Adult participants (N = 125) judged suspects' statements in a detective game. Untruthful statements were marked by semantic leakage. Literature indicates that liars use fewer first-person pronouns and mental-state terms than truth-tellers. We manipulated the untruthful statements for the presence/absence of these cues to test their effect on lie detection. The adults were 89% accurate in detecting lies. Mental-state terms did not affect accuracy, while presence of first-person pronouns hindered it. Having autistic traits did not influence lie detection. However, adults with higher autistic traits struggled to detect lies when these contained both a first-person pronoun and a mental-state term. Post-hoc analysis revealed lower lie detection accuracy for longer sentences. Our findings underscore the significance of semantic leakage in lie detection, with nuanced effects of linguistic cues on accuracy, particularly for adults with higher autistic traits.  

 Necessity, Possibility and Likelihood in Syllogistic Reasoning   
   
 Brand, Daniel | ; 
  Todorovikj, Sara | ; 
  Ragni, Marco 
    
 In syllogistic reasoning research, humans are predominantly evaluated on their capabilities to judge whether a conclusion necessarily follows from a set of premises. To tackle this limitation, we build on work by Evans, Handley, Harper, and Johnson-Laird (1999), and present two studies where we asked participants for possible and likely conclusions. Combined with previous data (containing necessary), we present a comprehensive dataset with responses for all syllogisms, offering individual patterns for all three argument types - a first of its kind. We discovered that likely serves as a middle ground between possible and necessary, paving the way to further investigate biases and preferences. Generally, individuals were able to handle the different notions, yet tended to interpret quantifiers in a pragmatic way, overlooking logical implicatures. Finally, we tested mReasoner, an implementation of the Mental Model Theory, and concluded that it was not able to capture the patterns observed in our data.  

 Semantic Processing Modulates the Attentional Accessibility of Verbal and Nonverbal Search Targets   
   
 Mauti, Marika | ; 
  D'Innocenzo, Giorgia | ; 
  Buonocore, Antimo | ; 
  Coco, Moreno I. 
    
 The seminal dual coding theory by Paivio (1971) posited that non- verbal and verbal stimuli differ in their representational format, whereby the former activates a dual code while the latter only one. These differences in code have implications for tasks such as visual search. The current eye-tracking visual search study aims to re- evaluate this theoretical framework while examining the role played by semantic processing that has never been looked at before. We followed the original design by Paivio and Begg (1974), with participants searching for a target, cued either by a word or a picture, in an array of either words or pictures. The target could be either semantically related or unrelated to the other distractors. Corroborating original results, response times for correct trials were faster in pictorial arrays and substantially slower when a cued picture had to be found in a word array. Semantically unrelated targets were looked at faster for longer, leading to shorter search responses than semantically related targets. Critically, these effects driven by semantic relatedness were amplified when codes had to be converted (e.g., picture-to-word). Our findings refine our understanding of the role semantic processing plays in the representational format of words and pictures and the implications it carries for visual search.  

 Human-Like Geometric Abstraction in Large Pre-trained Neural Networks   
   
 Campbell, Declan I. | ; 
  Kumar, Sreejan | ; 
  Giallanza, Tyler | ; 
  Cohen, Jonathan | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Humans possess a remarkable capacity to recognize and manipulate abstract structure, which is especially apparent in the domain of geometry. Recent research in cognitive science suggests neural networks do not share this capacity, concluding that human geometric abilities come from discrete symbolic structure in human mental representations. However, progress in artificial intelligence (AI) suggests that neural networks begin to demonstrate more human-like reasoning after scaling up standard architectures in both model size and amount of training data. In this study, we revisit empirical results in cognitive science on geometric visual processing and identify three key biases in geometric visual processing: a sensitivity towards complexity, regularity, and the perception of parts and relations. We test tasks from the literature that probe these biases in humans and find that large pre-trained neural network models used in AI demonstrate more human-like abstract geometric processing.  

 Can reinforcement learning model learning across development? Online lifelong learning through adaptive intrinsic motivation   
   
 Sandbrink, Kai J | ; 
  Christian, Brian | ; 
  Nasvytis, Linas M. | ; 
  Schroeder de Witt, Christian | ; 
  Butlin, Patrick 
    
 Reinforcement learning is a powerful model of animal learning in brief, controlled experimental conditions, but does not readily explain the development of behavior over an animal's whole lifetime. In this paper, we describe a framework to address this shortcoming by introducing the single-life reinforcement learning setting to cognitive science. We construct an agent with two learning systems: an extrinsic learner that learns within a single lifetime, and an intrinsic learner that learns across lifetimes, equipping the agent with intrinsic motivation. We show that this model outperforms heuristic benchmarks and recapitulates a transition from exploratory to habit-driven behavior, while allowing the agent to learn an interpretable value function. We formulate a precise definition of intrinsic motivation and discuss the philosophical implications of using reinforcement learning as a model of behavior in the real world.  

 Children spontaneously discover efficient sorting algorithms in a seriation task   
   
 Yang, Huiwen Alex | ; 
  Thompson, Bill | ; 
  Kidd, Celeste 
    
 Efficient algorithms can enhance problem-solving in many cognitive domains but can be difficult to discover and use. For example, classical studies of seriation suggest that children struggle to apply algorithmic strategies in a simple sorting problem. We investigate the spontaneous discovery of algorithmic solutions across development. We gave children a variant of the sorting problem with hidden object ranks. Children sort animated bunnies into the right order, from the shortest to the tallest, when the bunnies are standing behind a wall so their heights are not visible. Children performed far above chance on this difficult sorting task, potentially because higher demands in memory and reasoning incentivized strategic behaviors. Children independently discovered at least two efficient algorithmic solutions to the sorting problem, Selection sort and Shaker sort. This result suggests that children are far more competent at sorting tasks than previous research would suggest. Additionally, older children were more efficient sorters than younger children. This suggests that competent performance on sorting tasks improves throughout development.  

 Symbolic Variables in Distributed Networks that Count   
   
 Grant, Satchel | ; 
  Wu, Zhengxuan | ; 
  McClelland, Jay | ; 
  Goodman, Noah 
    
 The discrete entities and explicit relations of symbolic systems make them transparent and easy to communicate. This contrasts with distributed systems, which tend to be opaque. This can lead us to pursue symbolic characterizations of human cognition. Symbolic interpretations can, however, oversimplify distributed systems. This is demonstrated in the developmental number cognition literature, where recent findings suggest a gradience of counting ability in children's learning. We take inspiration from these findings to explore the meaning of symbols in Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs). We align recurrent neural representations with number symbols by causally intervening on the neural representations. We find that symbol-like representations of numbers do emerge in RNNs. We use this to inform the discussion on how neural systems represent quantity. We also show that the symbol-like representations evolve with learning, and continue to vary after the RNNs solve the task, demonstrating the graded nature of symbols in distributed systems.  

 A Reciprocal-Practice-Success (RPS) Model of Free Practice   
   
 Laskar, Pritam | ; 
  van der Maas, Han L. J. 
    
 Understanding how humans learn by themselves is crucial to develop interventions to prevent dropout and improve learner engagement. Classical learning curves were proposed to fit and describe experimental data involving enforced learning. However in real-world learning contexts such as MOOCs and hobbies, learners may quit - and often do. Even in formal settings such as college success typically requires intensive self-study outside lectures. Previous research in educational psychology supports a positive reciprocal relationship between motivation and achievement. Integrating insights from learning curves, forgetting curves and motivation-achievement cycles, we propose a formal Reciprocal-Practice-Success (RPS) model of learning ‚Äòin the wild'. First, we describe the different components of the basic RPS model. Using simulations, we then show how long term learning outcomes critically depend on the shape of the learning curve. Concave curves lead to more consistent learning outcomes whereas S-shaped curves lead to either expertise or dropout. We also provide a dynamical systems version for the RPS model which shows similar qualitative behaviour. Through a bifurcation analysis of two controllable learning parameters - minimum practice rate and success sensitivity, we show which learner-specific interventions may be effective to preventing dropout. We also discuss theorized mechanisms which affect the inflection point of S-shaped learning curves such as task-complexity and relative feedback from failures vs. successes. These provide more task-specific interventions to lower quitting rates. Finally, we discuss possible extensions to the basic RPS model which will allow capturing spacing effects and insights from other motivation theories.  

 Encoding discourse structure information during language comprehension: Evidence from web-based visual world paradigm experiments   
   
 Kim, Sanghee J. | ; 
  Xiang, Ming 
    
 This study explores the way discourse structure information is used during encoding of linguistic representations, using the distinction between main and subordinate information as a case study. We use the two contrasting constructions: (a) ‚ÄúThe singers\textsubscript{MAIN} who admired the violinists\textsubscript{MAIN} invited their mentors to the party‚Äù; (b) ‚ÄúThe singers\textsubscript{MAIN}, who admired the violinists\textsubscript{SUBORDINATE}, invited their mentors to the party.‚Äù While both contain discourse-main information, (b) includes discourse-subordinate information in the clause ``who admired \textit{the violinists}.‚Äù Importantly, \textit{the singers} and \textit{the violinists} are both plausible antecedents for \textit{their}, but the overlap in discourse-information between the two NPs differs: (a) overlap ({MAIN, MAIN}); (b) no overlap ({MAIN, SUBORDINATE}). Through two web-based eye-tracking experiments using a visual world paradigm, we find that this overlap leads to competition between the two NPs, evidenced by eye-gaze differences, (a) < (b). We also find that this effect manifests early, even before retrieval, i.e., before pronoun resolution.  

 Using Spatial Context to Facilitate Inductive Inference for Word Learning   
   
 Domanski, Sophie | ; 
  Huang, Yi Ting 
    
 The spatial context of everyday speech to children is remarkably consistent. Words repeatedly occur in the same locations, and these words are learned earlier than those which are more scattered in use. Yet little is known about how spatial contextualization mediates this relationship. Does more constrained spatial context itself lead to better word learning? Or does it simply correlate with other informative cues in the input? Here, we assess how word learning is influenced by different levels of spatial contextualization in naturalistic scenes. We use different teaching methods (other-directed versus self-guided) as a proxy for distinguishing how the need for inductive inference mediates reliance on spatial context. We found that greater spatial contextualization led to better word learning, but only when inductive inference was needed. These findings suggest that learners can leverage spatial context to support word learning in the absence of rich linguistic input.  

 Semantic distance organizes social knowledge: Insights from semantic dementia and cross-modal conceptual space   
   
 Colón, Y. Ivette | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy T | ; 
  Lambon Ralph, Matthew | ; 
  Rouse, Matthew 
    
 Our interaction with others largely hinges on how we semantically organize the social world. The organization of such conceptual information is not static‚Äîas we age, our experiences and ever-changing anatomy alter how we represent and arrange semantic information. How does semantic distance between concepts affect this organization, particularly for those with pathological deficits in semantic knowledge? Using triplet judgment responses collected from healthy participants, we compute an ordinal similarity embedding for a set of social words and images that vary in the dimensions of age and gender. We compare semantic distances between items in the space to patterns of error in a word-picture matching task performed by patients with semantic dementia (SD). Error patterns reveal that SD patients retain gender information more robustly than age information, and that age-related errors are a function of linear distance in age from a concept word. The distances between probed and exemplar items in the resulting conceptual map reflect error patterns in SD patient responses such that items semantically closer to a probed concept‚Äîin gender category or in linear age‚Äîare more likely to be erroneously chosen by patients in a word-picture matching task. To our knowledge, this is the first triplet embedding work to embed representations of words and images in a unified space, and to use this space to explain patterns of behavior in patients with impaired social semantic cognition.  

 Testing a Distributional Semantics Account of Grammatical Gender Effects on Semantic Gender Perception   
   
 Flint, George Rocco | ; 
  Ivanova, Anna 
    
 One well-known prediction of linguistic relativity theories is the effect of a noun's grammatical gender on its semantics; for instance, ‚Äùkey‚Äù is feminine in Spanish but masculine in German and thus might be associated with feminine traits for Spanish speakers but with masculine traits for German speakers. Experimental and corpus evidence for these effects has been mixed. In this work, we considered a distributional semantics account of putative grammatical gender effects on semantics and tested its predictions in Spanish, German, and English (control). In Part 1, we hypothesized that grammatical gender of concrete nouns affects the similarity of noun embeddings to embeddings of adjectives semantically associated with men or with women. We found support for this hypothesis in fastText embeddings, showing that nouns with the same meaning but with opposite genders in Spanish and German show opposite attraction effects both for words ‚Äúman‚Äù and ‚Äúwoman‚Äù and for adjectives associated with men and women, although the effect size was weaker for German than for Spanish. BERT embeddings also showed consistent effects for Spanish but mixed results for German, suggesting possible variation across languages. In Part 2, we asked whether people systematically choose adjectives associated with women/men for grammatically feminine/masculine nouns, respectively. In a noun-adjective matching experiment (432 participants total), we found predicted grammatical gender effects for Spanish but not for German. Cosine similarity between the noun and the adjectives in fastText embeddings significantly predicted trial-level responses in all 3 languages; however, Spanish showed an additional effect of grammatical gender, indicating that participant noun-adjective associations are not fully explained by distributional semantics.  

 Surpassing Immediate Spatio-temporal Metaphors: The Enduring Impact of Language and Visuospatial Experience on Temporal Cognition in Native and Near-Native Mandarin Speakers   
   
 Wu, Chunying | ; 
  Kong, Lingyue | ; 
  Ke, Xiao 
    
 The dominant mental timelines of native Chinese speakers (Exp1) and Mandarin learners of near-native proficiency (Exp2) was examined with the spontaneous gesture task. The results demonstrated that (1) both groups produced horizontal, vertical, sagittal, fused horizontal and vertical, and fused horizontal and sagittal gestures for all kinds of Chinese temporal words, indicating a strong preference for horizontal over vertical gestures. (2) Negligible correlations between immediate spatio-temporal metaphors and the mental timelines were observed, with an almost non-existent difference in gesture distribution across metaphorical types between the two groups. The findings indicate that (1) the horizontal mental timeline is the dominant timeline for two groups; (2) visuospatial experience exerts a greater influence on temporal cognition; (3) mental timelines formed by the long-term effects of language may operate beyond the immediate metaphors, similar to the horizontal gestures. A unified model proposing embodied experience as the mechanism for activating mental timelines is presented.  

 Anticipating object shapes using world knowledge and classifier information: Evidence from eve-movements in L1 and L2 processing   
   
 Xu, Baorui | ; 
  Feng, Shuo | ; 
  Wei, Yipu 
    
 This study explores how L1 and L2 Chinese speakers use world knowledge and classifier information to predict fine-grained referent features. In a visual-world-paradigm eye-tracking experiment, participants were presented with two visual objects that were denoted by the same noun in Chinese but matched different shape classifiers. Meanwhile, they heard sentences containing world knowledge triggering context and classifiers. The effect of world knowledge has been differentiated from word-level associations. Native speakers generated anticipations about the shape/state features of the referents at an early processing stage and quickly integrated linguistic information with world knowledge upon hearing the classifiers. In contrast, L2 speakers show delayed, reduced anticipation based on world knowledge and minimal use of classifier cues. The findings reveal different cue-weighting strategies in L1 and L2 processing. Specifically, L2 speakers whose first languages lack obligatory classifiers do not employ classifier cues in a timely manner, even though the semantic meanings of shape classifiers are accessible to them. No evidence supports over-reliance on world knowledge in L2 processing. This study contributes to the understanding of L2 real-time processing, particularly in L2 speakers' utility of linguistic and non-linguistic information in anticipating fine-grained referent features.  

 LLMs Don't "Do Things with Words" but Their Lack of Illocution Can Inform the Study of Human Discourse   
   
 Rosen, Zachary P | ; 
  Dale, Rick 
    
 Despite the long-standing theoretical importance of the concept of illocutionary force in communication (Austin, 1975), quantitative measurement of it has remained elusive. The following study seeks to measure the influence of illocutionary force on the degree to which subreddit community members maintain the concepts and ideas of previous community members' comments when they reply to each other's content. We leverage an information-theoretic framework implementing a measurement of linguistic convergence to capture how much of a previous comment can be recovered from its replies. To show the effect of illocutionary force, we then ask a large language model (LLM) to write a reply to the same previous comment as though it were a member of that subreddit community. Because LLMs inherently lack illocutionary intent but produce plausible utterances, they can function as a useful control to test the contribution of illocutionary intent and the effect it may have on the language in human-generated comments. We find that LLMs indeed have statistically significant, lower entropy with prior comments than human replies to the same comments. While this says very little about LLMs on the basis of how they are trained, this difference offers a quantitative baseline to assess the effect of illocutionary force on the flow of information in online discourse.  

 Multi-level Team Coordination Dynamics during Simulation-Based Medical Team Training   
   
 van Eijndhoven, Kyana | ; 
  Wiltshire, Travis J. | ; 
  Gevers, Josette M.P. | ; 
  Hałgas, Elwira A. | ; 
  Fransen, Annemarie 
    
 Team coordination is essential for effective performance during critical, stressful events. To better understand processes and states involved at multiple levels of team coordination, we assessed the correspondence between low- and high-level coordination in teams participating in simulation-based medical team training. We computed a measure of low-level team coordination with Multidimensional Recurrence Quantification Analysis, applied to arm movement, heart rate, and skin conductance data. High-level team coordination was captured by annotating video recordings for explicit and implicit, information and action coordination. Three linear mixed-effects model were run, each predicting a type of low-level coordination, based on high-level coordination annotations, accounting for multiple observations per team. Our findings showed that, compared to periods without annotated coordination, explicit- and implicit- information coordination corresponded to significantly different low-level team coordination across each of the studied modalities. Further research is required to assess additional factors related to the temporal variability observed in low-level coordination.  

 Human-Like Moral Decisions by Reinforcement Learning Agents   
   
 Shiravand, Ali | ; 
  André, Jean-Baptiste 
    
 Human moral judgments are both precise, with clear intuitions about right and wrong, and at the same time obscure, as they seem to result from principles whose logic often escapes us. The development of Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications requires an understanding of this subtle logic if we are to embed moral considerations in artificial systems. Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms have emerged as a valuable interactive tool for investigating moral behavior. However, being value-based algorithms, they face difficulty when it comes to explaining deontological, non-consequentialist moral judgments. Here, in a multi-agent learning scenario based on the Producer-Scrounger Game, we show that RL agents can converge towards apparently non-consequentialist outcomes, provided the algorithm accounts for the temporal value of actions. The implications of our findings extend to integrating morality into AI agents by elucidating the interplay between learning strategies, characteristics for accounting temporal values, and methods of considering the opponent's payoff.  

 Generative Artificial Intelligence for Behavioral Intent Prediction   
   
 Mannering, Willa | ; 
  Ford, Noah | ; 
  Harsono, Justin J | ; 
  Winder, John 
    
 Theory of mind is an essential ability for complex social interaction and collaboration. Researchers in cognitive science and psychology have previously sought to integrate theory of mind capabilities into artificial intelligence (AI) agents to improve collaborative abilities (Cuzzolin, Morelli, Cirstea, & Sarahakian, 2020). We introduce the Recurrent Conditional Variational Autoencoder (RCVAE), a novel model which leverages the ability of generative models to learn rich abstracted representations of contextual behaviors to predict behavioral intent from human behavioral trajectories. Advancing on current concept learning models, this model allows for the discovery of latent intent in human behavior trajectories, while maintaining the scalability and performance of generative AI models. We show that in the Overcooked-AI environment, the RCVAE outperforms baseline Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) models in predicting intent, achieving higher prediction accuracy and greater predictive stability. The implications of these results are significant; the RCVAE's proficiency in learning the relationship between basic actions and resulting contextual behaviors represents a significant advancement in concept learning for behavioral intent prediction.  

 Sense of Agency: Towards Empirically Driven Measures and Understanding   
   
 Mahdinia, Fatemeh | ; 
  Lindor, Amir | ; 
  Hemmer, Pernille | ; 
  van der Wel, Robrecht 
    
 Sense of Agency (SoA) is a core concept related to our experience as intentional agents in our environment. Explicit and implicit measures have been used to study SoA. Recent findings suggest that the most common implicit measure, namely Temporal Binding (TB), may reflect memory processes rather than SoA. Here, we implemented two TB measures and an explicit measure in a novel goal-directed extended action task to better understand SoA measures. Participants either watched or produced dot movements to a target of choice and then estimated the duration between two tones that played either upon movement completion (TB1, akin to traditional TB studies) or based on the start and end of movements (TB2). Participants reported stronger explicit SoA during active than passive movements. Results from neither TB version aligned with prediction based on TB-accounts as a reflection of SoA. We discuss memory-based and scaling accounts as alternative interpretations for our data.  

 Reasoning with Polysemes: When Default Inferences Beat Contextual Information   
   
 Fischer, Eugen | ; 
  Engelhardt, Paul | ; 
  Lazaridou-Chatzigoga, Dimitra | ; 
  Stanton, Kate 
    
 How, and how strongly, do default comprehension inferences shape verbal reasoning? When do they lead to fallacies? We address these questions for reasoning with polysemous verbs (verbs with distinct, but related senses) and ask when their use leads to fallacies of equivocation. The ‚Äòlinguistic salience bias hypothesis' specifies conditions where subordinate uses of unbalanced polysemes trigger defeasible default inferences that are supported only by the dominant sense but influence further cognition, regardless. But does this happen even where the verb is preceded by disambiguating context that invites subordinate interpretations from the start? We present three experimental-philosophy studies that address this question: We use the psycholinguistic cancellation paradigm and fixation time measurements to examine inferences from polysemous appearance verbs. We find that default inferences can beat even preceding contextual information. Beyond their psycho-linguistic interest, findings have important philosophical consequences.  

 Human Perceptions of Canine Intelligence   
   
 Ross, Miriam | ; 
  Buchsbaum, Daphna | ; 
  Malle, Bertram F. 
    
 What makes Lassie a smart dog? People have strong intui-tions about dogs' intelligence, yet the content and organiza-tion of these intuitions remain unknown. Two studies ex-amined the structure of laypeople's concepts of dog intelli-gence, creating a conceptual map of what people represent as a ‚Äúsmart‚Äù or ‚Äúdumb‚Äù dog. Study 1 elicited open-ended ideas about dog intelligence. We turned consistent themes into items in a 50-item survey. Study 2 asked participants to picture either a smart or dumb dog and rate that dog on the items derived from Study 1. Participants strongly agreed in their ratings of smart and dumb dogs, and we discovered a coherent dimensional structure underlying people's intui-tions. They represent smart dogs as socially skilled with a good temperament, and dumb dogs as bad at physical rea-soning and avoiding threats. These representations align well with findings from canine research and with dog train-ers' practical knowledge.  

 Composition as nonlinear combination in semantic space: Exploring the effect of compositionality on Chinese compound recognition   
   
 Wang, Tianqi | ; 
  Xu, Xu 
    
 Most Chinese words are compounds formed through the combination of meaningful characters. Yet, due to compositional complexity, it is poorly understood how this combinatorial process affects the access to the whole-word meaning. In the present study, we turned to the recent development in compositional distributional semantics (Marelli et al., 2017), and employed a deep neural network to learn the less-than-systematic relationship between the constituent characters and the compound words. Based on the compositional representations derived from the computational model, we quantified compositionality as the degree of overlap between the compositional and the lexicalized representations as well as the degree of distinctness of the compositional representation. We observed that these two compositional attributes can affect compound recognition over and above the effects of constituent character features and compound features. Moreover, we found that this effect was increasingly stronger when holistic access to the compound meaning became more challenging. These findings therefore, from a computational perspective, provided new evidence for the combinatorial process involved in Chinese word recognition, which also shed light on the universal process of compound comprehension.  

 Which pairs coordinate and which do not?   
   
 Nakata, Seiya | ; 
  Nagai, Yukie 
    
 Humans can coordinate their behavior with others through interactions; however, not all pairs can coordinate. From the perspective of predictive processing, different social interaction patterns can be explained by the diversity of individuals' belief strength. To investigate the relationship between coordination and belief strength, we conducted an interaction experiment using a Simon electronic light-sequence game in which participants memorize the order of color sequences. The results of our experiment, involving 23 pairs of participants, revealed diversity in the degree of coordination within pairs and the strength of belief between individuals. Our analysis supports the hypothesis that belief strength explains the success or failure of coordination: Coordination fails when both individuals in a pair have weak beliefs, whereas it succeeds when one person becomes the leader and the other becomes the follower because of the different strengths of their beliefs. Our findings suggest that predictive processing theory can be applied to situations involving social interactions.  

 Does Sign Language Shape Lateral Space-Valence Associations?   
   
 Tann, Karla | ; 
  Solana, Pablo | ; 
  Ouellet, Marc | ; 
  Li, Heng | ; 
  Santiago, Julio 
    
 This study investigates whether linguistic influences can affect the manifestation of lateral space-valence mappings in people's minds. Although most oral languages and cultures of the world have expressions and conventions that associate the good with the right space, this association seems to be body- specific: while right-handers associate positive concepts with the right side and negative concepts with the left side, left- handers have the oppositive association, and the size of the effect of the body specificity does not vary with linguistic and cultural conventions. Thus, it is widely believed that this conceptual metaphor only depends on the body. However, sign languages do not seem to have any conventional association between lateral space and valence, and a recent study has shown that signers do not associate valence with lateral space, opening the possibility of a causal influence of language. The present study set to replicate this surprising and controversial finding by comparing a sign language group, consisting of Spanish and Chinese Sign Language users, and an oral Spanish control group on the widely applied ‚ÄúBob‚Äù task in this field. Supporting prior findings, Spanish language participants associated the ‚Äúgood‚Äù with their dominant side of space, closely matching the anticipated proportion, but signers did not. This pattern of results can be explained by a strong linguistic influence on the formation of lateral associations of emotional valence, but we discuss some alternative possibilities.  

 A Rational Analysis of the Speech-to-Song Illusion   
   
 Marjieh, Raja | ; 
  van Rijn, Pol | ; 
  Sucholutsky, Ilia | ; 
  Lee, Harin | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom | ; 
  Jacoby, Nori 
    
 The speech-to-song illusion is a robust psychological phenomenon whereby a spoken sentence sounds increasingly more musical as it is repeated. Despite decades of research, a complete formal account of this transformation is still lacking, and some of its nuanced characteristics, namely, that certain phrases appear to transform while others do not, is not well understood. Here we provide a formal account of this phenomenon, by recasting it as a statistical inference whereby a rational agent attempts to decide whether a sequence of utterances is more likely to have been produced in a song or speech. Using this approach and analyzing song and speech corpora, we further introduce a novel prose-to-lyrics illusion that is purely text-based. In this illusion, simply duplicating written sentences makes them appear more like song lyrics. We provide robust evidence for this new illusion in both human participants and large language models.  

 Effect of Fatigue on Word Production in Aphasia   
   
 Mirman, Daniel | ; 
  Krason, Anna | ; 
  Thothathiri, Malathi | ; 
  Middleton, Erica 
    
 Speech production in aphasia is often described as ‚Äúeffortful‚Äù, though the consequences of consistent, high degrees of cognitive effort have not been explored. Using recent work on mental effort as a theoretical framework, the present study examined how effort-related fatigue produces decrements in performance in picture naming among participants with post-stroke aphasia. We analyzed three data sets from prior studies where participants completed a large picture naming test. Decreasing naming accuracy across trials was statistically significant in two of the three samples. There were also significant effects of practice (better performance on a second test administration), word frequency (better performance for more frequent words), and word length (better performance for shorter words). These results are the first concrete demonstration of fatigue affecting performance on a language task in post-stroke aphasia. They open a new avenue for research on mental effort/fatigue with potential implications for aphasia assessment, treatment, and management.  

 The Dynamics of Cooperation with Commitment in A Population of Heterogeneous Preferences--An ABM Study   
   
 Wang, Wei | ; 
  Yuan, Luzhan | ; 
  Jiang, Zheng | ; 
  Zhang, Gaowei | ; 
  Wang, Yi 
    
 Prior literature shows that some mechanisms, e.g., commitment, could give rise to cooperation. However, participants' diverse propensities to cooperate may limit such mechanisms' effectiveness. Thus, we bring individual differences in their propensities to cooperate into the reasoning of long-term social dynamics of cooperation through an agent-based modeling approach. Our results suggest that commitment may still guarantee cooperation when individuals have different propensities to cooperate but has weaker effects, and the setups of commitment are also important. Our study highlights the importance of integrating individual preferences in analyzing collective dynamics of a population consisting of individuals of heterogeneous characteristics, thus offering implications to facilitate cooperation in rich real-world scenarios.  

 "They Say" Makes Good Liars: An Investigation on Evidentiality in Language and Deception   
   
 Aydin, Cagla | ; 
  Arslan, Dr Seçkin | ; 
  Tanis, Selma Berfin | ; 
  Kalender, ≈ûeyma | ; 
  Güne≈ü, Ayberk Kaan 
    
 A speaker's use of language is one of the most important indicators in detecting deception. To date, however, little research has focused on grammatical cues used in deceitful statements. One such cue is evidentiality which is the grammatical encoding for the source of information; i.e., whether the speaker has direct or indirect access to what they assert. This study investigates whether and how evidentiality coding in Turkish, an evidential language, interacts with producing deceitful and truthful narratives. Deceptive retellings were notably longer and syntactically more complex compared to truthful counterparts. Our hypothesis of increased past forms in deception was confirmed, alongside a heightened use of direct evidential inflection (‚ÄìDI) in deceptive conditions. This exploration sheds light on the nuanced relationship between grammatical evidentiality and deceptive language use.  

 Framing the Exploration-Exploitation Trade-Off: Distinguishing Between Minimizing Losses and Maximizing Gains   
   
 Danwitz, Ludwig | ; 
  Hosch, Ann-Katrin | ; 
  von Helversen, Bettina 
    
 To successfully minimize losses or maximize gains, individuals must acquire a profound understanding of the rules and regularities in their environment. The current project centers on the impact of the environment on exploration and exploitation behavior. Therein, we compare costly exploration in environments, in which it is only possible to win (even though the size of the gains differs), only possible to lose, and mixed environments, in which one can win and lose. Participants engaged in a Multi-Armed Bandit task in three such conditions. Notably, participants exhibited reduced exploration in the gain domain compared to the loss domain, with the mixed domain falling in between. Interestingly, participants performed best in the mixed domain. Computational modeling of participants' choice behavior revealed that individuals tended to underestimate outcomes of unchosen options in the gain domain and overestimated them in the loss domain. We discuss two explanations for this pattern of findings: Either, effects are driven by the absolute difference between gains and losses or by the relative difference that individuals experience in relatively better or worse environments compared to their expectations (e.g., compared to previous blocks).  

 "Wrongful discrimination" - a tautological claim? An empirical study of the evaluative dimension of discrimination vocabulary   
   
 Willemsen, Pascale | ; 
  Degn, Simone Sommer | ; 
  García Olier, Jan | ; 
  Reuter, Kevin 
    
 Is it tautological to call an action ‚Äúwrongful discrimination?‚Äù Some philosophers and political theorists answer this question in the affirmative and claim that the term ‚Äúdiscrimination‚Äù is intrinsically evaluative. Others agree that ‚Äúdiscrimination‚Äù usually conveys the action's moral wrongness but claim that the term can be used in a purely descriptive way. In this paper, we present two corpus studies and two experiments designed to test whether the folk concept of discrimination is evaluative. We demonstrate that the term has undergone a historical development and is nowadays no longer used purely descriptively. Further, we show that this evaluation cannot be cancelled without yielding a contradiction. We conclude that the descriptive use of ‚Äúdiscriminatory‚Äù is a thing of the past.  

 Decoding Expertise: Exploring Cognitive Micro-Behavioural Measurements for Graph Comprehension   
   
 Colarusso, Fiorenzo | ; 
  Cheng, Peter | ; 
  Grau, Ronald | ; 
  Garcia Garcia, Grecia | ; 
  Raggi, Daniel | ; 
  Jamnik, Mateja 
    
 Transcription with Incremental Presentation of the Stimulus (TIPS) is a novel approach relying on micro-behaviours proposed by Colarusso and colleagues (2023) to study users' cognition with data visualizations. The study in this paper has two primary objectives: (a) investigate whether TIPS can measure an individual's competence with data visualizations; and (b) explore the potential enhancement of TIPS measures by normalizing them with the individual's performance on tests of visuo-spatial abilities and memory capacity. We test 30 participants with different expertise and cognitive skills. Results reveal that TIPS provides some promise for individual competence assessment, but only when normalized with the individual's performance on a test of rigid transformation of mental images. Other tests measuring visuospatial abilities or memory capacity did not produce effective normalizations.  

 Animate Agent World Modeling Benchmark   
   
 Cross, Logan Matthew | ; 
  Xiang, Violet | ; 
  Haber, Nick | ; 
  Yamins, Daniel 
    
 To advance the capacity of intuitive psychology in machines, we introduce the Animate Agent World Modeling Benchmark. This benchmark features agents engaged in a diverse repertoire of behaviors, such as goal-directed interactions with objects and multi-agent interactions, all governed by realistic physics. Humans tend to predict the future based on expected events rather than simulating step-by-step. Thus, our benchmark includes a cognitively-inspired evaluation pipeline designed to assess whether the simulated trajectories of world models capture the correct sequences of events. To perform well, models need to leverage predictive cues from the observations to accurately simulate the goals of animate agents over long horizons. We demonstrate that current state-of-the-art models perform poorly in our evaluations. A hierarchical oracle model sets an upper bound for performance, suggesting that to excel, a model should scaffold their predictions with abstractions like goals that guide the simulation process towards relevant future events  

 Using Puzzle Video Games to Study Cognitive Processes in Human Insight and Creative Problem-Solving   
   
 Sarathy, Vasanth | ; 
  Rabb, Nicholas | ; 
  Kasenberg, Daniel M | ; 
  Scheutz, Matthias 
    
 Classical approaches to studying insight problem-solving typically use specialized problems (e.g., nine-dot problem, compound-remote associates task) as stimuli together with verbal reports from subjects during problem-solving to reveal their thought processes possibly adding other task-related metrics such as completion rate and physiological measures like eye fixation and neural activity. This approach has led to the claims that insight and creative thought require impasse and mental restructuring. What is missing from this literature is a cognitive process model of insight, and one reason for the lack of such a model is the lack of a unified scalable, and tunable experimental framework with which to study human creative problem-solving with higher fidelity. In this paper, we introduce ESCAPE, an experimental paradigm using puzzle video games as stimuli which allow for the collection of process data that can serve as a basis for computational models. We have specifically developed a set of puzzle games based on this paradigm and conducted experiments that demonstrate the utility of the approach by revealing a set of computational principles that need to be accounted for by a theory of creative problems and the computational models based on it.  

 Large Language Models for Collective Problem-Solving: Insights into Group Consensus Decision-Making   
   
 Du, Yinuo | ; 
  Rajivan, Prashanth | ; 
  Gonzalez, Cleotilde 
    
 Large Language models (LLM) exhibit human-like proficiency in various tasks such as translation, question answering, essay writing, and programming. Emerging research explores the use of LLMs in collective problem-solving endeavors, such as tasks where groups try to uncover clues through discussions. Although prior work has investigated individual problem-solving tasks, leveraging LLM-powered agents for group consensus and decision-making remains largely unexplored. This research addresses this gap by (1) proposing an algorithm to enable free-form conversation in groups of LLM agents, (2) creating metrics to evaluate the human-likeness of the generated dialogue and problem-solving performance, and (3) evaluating LLM agent groups against human groups using an open source dataset. Our results reveal that LLM groups outperform human groups in problem-solving tasks. LLM groups also show a greater improvement in scores after participating in free discussions. In particular, analyses indicate that LLM agent groups exhibit more disagreements, complex statements, and a propensity for positive statements compared to human groups. The results shed light on the potential of LLMs to facilitate collective reasoning and provide insight into the dynamics of group interactions involving synthetic LLM agents.  

 Real-World Visual Search in Autistic Individuals   
   
 Yang, Alice | ; 
  Hsiao, Janet 
    
 Recent research has found that autistic individuals have poorer performance and lower eye movement consistency in face recognition, which may be related to less face processing experience due to lack of social interests. Here we showed that this phenomenon was not observed in visual search tasks, as autistic individuals and matched neurotypicals had similar hit rate and precision as well as eye movement behavior when searching for either social (human) or non-social (vehicle) stimuli. However, autistic individuals had longer search time and made more and longer fixations, suggesting difficulties in identifying potential targets. This difficulty was not limited to social stimuli, supporting a domain-general view of deficits in autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Our findings have important implications for understanding the core mechanisms underlying social-cognitive impairment in ASD.  

 Why is Bach blue instead of red? Different strategies moderate people's color-music associations   
   
 Liu, Qiawen | ; 
  Ham, Huang | ; 
  Cao, Kesong | ; 
  Lupyan, Gary 
    
 People have strong intuitions about which colors do and do not match particular pieces of music ‚Äî a phenomenon often conceptualized through semantic mediation. We further explored the specific strategies people employ to navigate these color-music associations which offers crucial insights to identifying the cognitive mechanisms that enable such cross-domain associations. We show that while some people rely more on intuition, other people actively seek justification of association by consulting common linguistic descriptors, emotional contents, and environmental cues. We found that more spontaneous strategies lessen the role of semantic mediation, while more evaluative strategies, especially those involving the use of language, amplify it. Notably, the use of evaluative strategies introduced an asymmetrical effect for matching and mismatching colors. Additionally, individuals employing similar strategies associated a given music excerpt with more similar colors, suggesting that strategy alignment enhances the consistency of color-music associations. Interestingly, this pattern of convergence was not observed among individuals who predominantly relied on guessing.  

 Young children adapt their search behavior for necessary versus merely possible outcomes   
   
 Andreuccioli, Luisa | ; 
  Mazor, Sophie | ; 
  Begus, Katarina | ; 
  Bonawitz, Elizabeth | ; 
  Denison, Stephanie | ; 
  Walker, Caren M. 
    
 Although even infants appear to consider multiple possibilities, preschoolers often fail tasks that require reasoning about mutually exclusive alternatives. We review two explanations for this failure: (1) children have a minimal representation of possibility and fail to distinguish necessary from merely possible outcomes; and (2) children are sensitive to this distinction, but competing motivations (e.g., the tendency to explore) can lead to apparent failures. To test these hypotheses, we assessed 3- and 4-year-olds on a novel search task. Here, children searched for an object that was dropped from either a transparent (one necessary location) or opaque (two possible locations) set of inverted Y-shaped tubes. In Exp. 1, we found that children spent less time searching the first location when there were two possible candidates. Exp. 2 replicates these results in a digital task that does not require manual search.  

 Comparing the Threshold and Prototype Model for Gradable Adjectives   
   
 Johnson, Tamar | ; 
  Sarafoglou, Alexandra | ; 
  Haaf, Julia M | ; 
  Visser, Ingmar | ; 
  Szymanik, Jakub 
    
 In logical theories of meaning, threshold and prototype models are two distinctive formal approaches. In cognitive science literature, however, where the two models are operationalized, there is support for the use of a threshold model in categorization (Schmidt, Goodman, Barner, & Tenenbaum, 2009; Ramotowska, Haaf, Van Maanen, & Szymanik, 2022) as well as sup- port for the prototype model (Douven, 2016; Douven, Wenmackers, Jraissati, & Decock, 2017), and in many cases the two models are used interchangeably (Kruschke, 2008). We test for the case of relative gradable adjectives whether a) there is a difference between predicted degrees of membership from the two models when relying on explicit reports of threshold and prototype values, and b) which of the models better pre- dicts behavioral data from categorization tasks. Results suggest that prototype and threshold models are highly predictive of behaviour in a categorization task and that the two models yield similar results with a slight advantage of the threshold model.  

 Visual saliency predicts gaze during real-world driving task   
   
 Veale, Richard E | ; 
  Murase, Kenji | ; 
  Watanabe, Masayuki | ; 
  Isa, Tadashi 
    
 Models of bottom-up visual attention such as the "saliency map" predict overt gaze under laboratory conditions while subjects view static images or videos while seated. Here, we show that the saliency map model predicts gaze at similar rates even when applied to video from a head-camera as part of a wearable eye-tracking system (Tobii Pro Glasses 2) while subjects drive an automobile or are passively driven while sitting in the front passenger-side seat. The ability of saliency to predict gaze varies depending on the driving task (saliency better predicts passenger gaze) and external conditions (saliency better predicts gaze at night). We further demonstrate that predictive performance is improved when the head-camera video is transformed to retinal coordinates before feeding it to the saliency model.  

 Mitigating Hallucinations in Large Language Models by Preprocessing Questions into Child-Comprehensible   
   
 Fan, Yunlong | ; 
  Li, Bin | ; 
  Gao, Zhiqiang 
    
 Alongside the advancement of large language models (LLMs), attention towards their limitations and potential risks has also increased. One common issue is hallucination, which occurs when LLMs generate inaccurate or irrelevant answers, especially for complex sentences. To address this issue, we propose a novel question preprocessing method inspired by how young children comprehend complex sentences. Our method consists of two modules: (1) hierarchical clause annotation (HCA)-based sentence decomposition, which breaks down complex sentences into one-verb-centered clauses, and (2) abstract meaning representation (AMR)-based clause rewriting, which reformulates the clauses based on AMR into the child-comprehensible subject-verb-object (SVO) structure. We evaluate our method on the question-answering dataset, TruthfulQA, and show that it can improve the truthfulness and informativeness of widely-used LLMs, LLaMA-7B, and LLaMA-2-7B-chat, preventing from generating hallucinated answers. Moreover, our method is highly efficient, as it does not require any pre-training, fine-tuning, or invoking larger-scale models.  

 CAUS: A Dataset for Question Generation based on Human Cognition Leveraging Large Language Models   
   
 Shin, Minjung | ; 
  Kim, Donghyun | ; 
  Ryu, Jeh-Kwang 
    
 We introduce the Curious About Uncertain Scene (CAUS) dataset, designed to enable Large Language Models, specifically GPT-4, to emulate human cognitive processes for resolving uncertainties. Leveraging this dataset, we investigate the potential of LLMs to engage in questioning effectively. Our approach involves providing scene descriptions embedded with uncertainties to stimulate the generation of reasoning and queries. The queries are then classified according to multi-dimensional criteria. All procedures are facilitated by a collaborative system involving both LLMs and human researchers. Our results demonstrate that GPT-4 can effectively generate pertinent questions and grasp their nuances, particularly when given appropriate context and instructions. The study suggests that incorporating human-like questioning into AI models improves their ability to manage uncertainties, paving the way for future advancements in Artificial Intelligence (AI).  

 Emotional significance in Cross-Cultural Semantic Crossmodal Correspondences   
   
 Alvarado, Jorge 
    
 Crossmodal correspondences are associations between perceptual features from different senses that aid in crossmodal binding. The semantic coding of these correspondences is expected to capture and mediate the emergence of perceptual crossmodal correspondences. However, the cross-cultural nature of such semantic coding has not been thoroughly studied. This research involved five languages across three different linguistic families (English, Dutch, Turkish, Chinese and Italian). Using distributional semantics, modality exclusivity norms and emotional lexicons, networks were constructed to represent semantic crossmodal correspondences and assess their relationship with Valence, Arousal and Dominance. Results indicate that emotions, particularly Valence and Dominance, play pivotal roles in shaping the structure of semantic crossmodal correspondences networks across languages. Moreover, the findings reveal that some types of semantic crossmodal correspondences might be shared among different languages in various language families, suggesting shared cognitive processes. This supports the significance of emotions as fundamental components in semantic crossmodal correspondences. Additionally, the study provides evidence supporting shared crossmodal correspondences among languages and cultures.  

 Accounting for Action: Challenging the Traditional View of Multimodal Perceptual Objects   
   
 Mroczko-Wasowicz, Aleksandra | ; 
  Ivy, Spencer | ; 
  Bachanek, Michał | ; 
  Cząstkiewicz, Aleksandra 
    
 In this paper, we argue that action is involved in the creation and representation of perceptual objects. We introduce leading philosophical theories regarding the structure of perceptual objects in modality-independent and multisensory settings. These accounts omit action as a causal factor that can facilitate feature binding and serve as a structural component of perceptual objects. We argue that action does play this causal role due to the connections between the brain's motor system and perceptual processing as evidenced by neurophysiological and behavioral studies. These data include research on view-independent representations, peripersonal space, and event file coding. We conclude that to omit the influence of the motor system on the structure of perceptual objects is to have an incomplete account of object perception. Motor action is often required to drive the integration of sensory features into corresponding perceptual objects.  

 Neural evidence of visual-spatial influence on aural-verbal processes   
   
 Fox, Elizabeth | ; 
  Ugolini, Margaret | ; 
  Cook, Ashley D | ; 
  Bowers, Gregory 
    
 Everyday tasks demand attentional resources to perceive, process, and respond to important information. Attempting to complete multiple tasks simultaneously, that is, multitasking, necessarily requires more resources than completing either task alone. Allocating common resources among two or more difficult tasks will lead to competition and result in performance deficits to one or more of the to-be-completed tasks. Multiple resource theory suggests separate pools for perceiving (aural, visual, tactile), processing (verbal, spatial), and responding (vocal, manual), but a common overarching resource pool still exists and is heavily taxed for the management of multiple ongoing tasks. We use the combination of neural activity and performance to estimate the degree to which the demands of a visual-spatial-manual (VSM) task impedes the performance of an auditory-verbal-vocal (AVV) task, where each taxes independent pools of attentional resources. We found AVV performance decreased when paired with a more difficult VSM task. Using components from group-level event related potentials (ERPs), we draw conclusions to estimate how and why cross-modal task performance changes, and diagnose resource bottlenecks and limitations. Specifically, we find auditory evoked potentials, P300, and Reorienting Negativity serve as fruitful indicators of not only high or low cross-modal load, but are predictive of (in)correct trial performance. Further, we discuss how these indicators provide insight to the underlying mechanisms driving misses, and whether crossmodal bottlenecks may occur at the perceptual, cognitive, or response stage.  

 Recognising prosodically degraded lexical material - Can word length help?   
   
 Torres, Catalina 
    
 This study investigates the role of low-level acoustic cues in relation to increasing number of syllables in two word recognition experiments conducted in a remote field site. Participants are bilingual speakers of French and Drehu (Oceanic), two edge-marking languages. The two languages use grammatical gender, but differ in the number of function words used for it. In two experiments, prosodic cues were manipulated at the edges of Accentual Phrases (AP) of increasing length. APs consisted of an article and a following content word. Results show that the acoustic manipulations had a greater impact on short APs with three syllables while words in APs with more syllables could be retrieved faster in French. In Drehu, results indicate that words in longer APs are recognised later. This shows that despite similarities in the intonational phonology, listeners rely on different strategies during word recognition influenced by the grammatical make up of the language.  

 Optimal and sub-optimal temporal decisions can explain procrastination in a real-world task   
   
 Chebolu, Sahiti | ; 
  Dayan, Peter 
    
 Procrastination is a universal phenomenon, with a significant proportion of the population reporting interference and even harm from such delays. Why do people put off tasks despite what are apparently their best intentions, and why do they de- liberately defer in the face of prospective failure? Past research shows that procrastination is a heterogeneous construct with possibly diverse causes. To grapple with the complexity of the topic, we construct a taxonomy of different types of procrasti- nation and potential sources for each type. We simulate com- pletion patterns from three broad model types: exponential or inconsistent temporal discounting, and waiting for interesting tasks; and provide some preliminary evidence, through com- parisons with real-world data, of the plausibility of multiple types of, and pathways for, procrastination.  

 Analyzing the Roles of Language and Vision in Learning from Limited Data   
   
 Chen, Allison | ; 
  Sucholutsky, Ilia | ; 
  Russakovsky, Olga | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Does language help make sense of the visual world? How important is it to actually see the world rather than having it described with words? These basic questions about the nature of intelligence have been difficult to answer because we only had one example of an intelligent system -- humans -- and limited access to cases that isolated language or vision. However, the development of sophisticated Vision-Language Models (VLMs) by artificial intelligence researchers offers us new opportunities to explore the contributions that language and vision make to learning about the world. We ablate components from the cognitive architecture of these models to identify their contributions to learning new tasks from limited data. We find that a language model leveraging all components recovers a majority of a VLM's performance, despite its lack of visual input, and that language seems to allow this by providing access to prior knowledge and reasoning.  

 Misfortunes never come singly: Reflections of the environment in a proverb   
   
 Odlum, Alex | ; 
  Marewski, Julian | ; 
  Dietz, Joerg 
    
 ‚ÄúMisfortunes never come singly‚Äù is a saying common in different languages and historical contexts. Could this proverb reflect more than irrational superstitions? We draw from two frameworks, the fast-and-frugal heuristics approach to decision making, and the rational analysis of cognition. The former prompts us to conceptualize the proverb as a simple but smart heuristic that may be adapted to statistical regularities in decision-making environments, and the latter offers a method for studying such environments. Analyzing the pattern of humanitarian disasters between 2000 and 2022, we find that the probability of observing a new disaster in a country increases with the frequency of new disasters observed in the previous 100 days in that country. We propose a research agenda to study the ecological rationality of proverbs. Our results are also potentially relevant to humanitarian analysts.  

 Using mobile fNIRS to explore the development of goal-directed action sequence planning in freely moving preschoolers.   
   
 Schroer, Lisanne | ; 
  Pinti, Paola | ; 
  Cooper, Richard P | ; 
  Mareschal, Denis 
    
 Measuring the neural correlates of cognition in freely moving preschoolers presents several challenges. The current article describes a proof-of-principle study assessing brain activation in preschoolers while performing a naturalistic action planning task in the wild. Ninety-two children between 3 and 5 years of age built both a Duplo house and a Duplo spaceship. Both building tasks involve the completion of multiple subgoals within the overall goal. The results revealed an increase in oxyhaemoglobin activation in right DLPFC when planning for the next subgoal, as well as in a standard go/no-go inhibition task, suggesting that inhibition may play a special role in selecting subgoals at these ages. More generally, we demonstrate that fNIRS data can be recorded from moving preschoolers and that a multi-modal set-up including optical motion capture can allow the reconstruction of events of interest. Implications of the approach, as well as recommendations to improve data quality of wireless fNIRS in freely moving toddlers, are discussed.  

 Beyond synchrony: Exploring the social relevance of complexity matching.   
   
 Brown, Amber Jade | ; 
  Macpherson, Margaret Catherine | ; 
  Miles, Lynden K. 
    
 Interpersonal synchrony is a foundation of social interaction. However, as a form of coordination, synchrony is limited to regular, rhythmic actions. As such, research regarding the relationship between synchrony and social factors may not generalise to other forms of interpersonal behaviour. Here, we explored whether factors known to influence synchrony, also impact a complimentary form of coordination, complexity matching. When people interact, complex patterns of variability inherent to their individual behaviour can become more similar (i.e., more coordinated). In pairs, participants completed four walking trials that manipulated social interdependence while their gait patterns were captured. We also measured subclinical levels of social anxiety. Although data collection is ongoing, the results point to social anxiety having a detrimental effect on individual behavioural variability, and in turn, complexity matching. Effects of the interdependence manipulation were also evident, but await further data. These results are discussed with respect to theories of interpersonal dynamics.  

 The Influence of Emotional Narrative Context on Word Learning   
   
 Dong, Yuzhen | ; 
  Mak, Matthew HC | ; 
  Hepach, Robert | ; 
  Nation, Kate 
    
 People learn new words in narrative contexts. Little is known about the influence of the emotional valence of the text on word learning. In a pre-registered experiment, we investigated whether emotional narrative context shapes word learning. English adults (N = 76) read 30 novel adjectives embedded in 60 short narratives (20 positive, 20 negative, and 20 neutral valence). Post-tests assessed learning (immediate and 24 hours later) and examined whether the valence of the novel words can be inferred from contextual valence. Compared to the neutral context, emotional contexts (both positive and negative) facilitated word form learning in the immediate post-tests, but only negative emotion words were recognized better 24 hours later. Furthermore, the valence of the context was reflected in the word meanings participants generated for each novel word. These findings are discussed with reference to theories of affective embodiment and its implications for supporting the learning of abstract concepts.  

 Which Leads to More Effective Learning in Intelligent Tutoring Software: Effort-based or Performance-based Feedback?   
   
 Sato, Shintaro | ; 
  Platz, Melanie | ; 
  Nagashima, Tomohiro 
    
 Feedback, when used successfully, supports student learning and motivation. Although various types of feedback are used in the actual classroom, however, most interactive learning systems provide feedback that addresses learner performance only (e.g., correctness feedback). We developed two versions of an Intelligent Tutoring System (ITS) for learning ratio calculations using mathematics number lines that differed in the type of feedback it provides: effort-based and performance-based feedback. We conducted a school-based experiment with 5th graders in Japan to test the effectiveness of the two types of feedback on student learning and motivation. The results indicate a trend that performance-based feedback in the ITS had a positive impact on student learning but no difference was found on learner motivation. This study adds new knowledge of what types of adaptive feedback are effective for student learning in mathematics.  

 Ingredients of a Narrative: How an Abstract Feature Space and Event Position Contribute to a Situation Model   
   
 Terporten, Rene | ; 
  Willems, Roel M. | ; 
  Flecken, Monique | ; 
  Collin, Silvy H.P. 
    
 Situation models are known to help structure our experiences in our memory. But what are the ingredients of a situation model and to what degree do abstract event features contribute to updating of situation models? We manipulated abstract event feature dimensions and narrative specific factors in an experiment in which participants actively constructed a narrative from a random order of event descriptions. We investigated the influence of abstract factors (‚Äúdegree of feature-change‚Äù, ‚Äúevent position‚Äù) on response speeding during a subsequent oddball task. Participants were faster for oddballs with a different degree of feature change, which interacted with whether the oddball was from within the same story or from another story. When looking at other-story-oddballs only, we found an interaction between position within the event structure and degree of feature change. Our results suggest that people use abstractions of event features which are important for the instantiation of a situation model.  

 Choose and Use: Users' Selection of Information Sources for Decision Support   
   
 Ben Yaakov, Yoav | ; 
  Meyer, Joachim 
    
 Intelligent systems that record, analyze, and respond to events have become major parts of our lives. They are available as Decision Support (DS) for many tasks and can enhance the information on which decision-makers can base their decisions. Decision makers need to evaluate the available information, and they also have to decide whether to seek information from additional information sources. The information is often costly, and its costs and benefits must be weighted. Also, integrating information from multiple sources can complicate the decision task. Here, we study the combined decision process that chooses information sources and integrates them, if chosen, in a classification decision. In an online experiment with 75 engineering students, we manipulated the redundancy level of information received from DS with already existing information. Participants' task in two between-subjects conditions was to classify binary events with the option to access up to two DS systems. In one of the conditions, the two DSs provided non-redundant information, and in the second condition, one of them provided fully redundant information, and the other provided non-redundant information. We found that the decision to access information was not affected by whether some information was redundant (strongly correlated with already available information). Participants used the information to improve classification performance, and the improvement was significantly higher when they used non-redundant information. However, the benefits gained were smaller than predicted from a normative model. Moreover, the use of information from multiple non-correlated sources can increase mental workload, as was evident in our results, possibly because of conflicting information from different sources.  

 Social Sampling in Decision Making for Online and Offline Activities   
   
 Linford, Bryce | ; 
  Priniski, Hunter | ; 
  Lu, Hongjing 
    
 When making decisions, humans often rely on information from their social networks through a process termed social sampling. Prior work suggests that when drawing social samples, people search through their contacts in a sequential manner based on structured social categories. We examined whether the problem domain impacts how one categorizes their social contacts and which social categories they sample from. In our study, participants answered questions about the relative popularity of national parks or social media platforms, respectively associated with offline activities and online activities. Participants then provided frequency information about the number of their contacts who have engaged in these activities. Adopting a hierarchical Bayesian modeling approach, we compared two social sampling models: one defining social groups based on closeness of social relations, and one defining social groups based on contact mode. Our findings suggest that people sample from different members of their social network depending on the type of decision they are making.  

 Temporally extended decision-making through episodic sampling   
   
 Zhou, Corey Yishan | ; 
  Talmi, Deborah | ; 
  Daw, Nathaniel | ; 
  Mattar, Marcelo G 
    
 A major goal of cognitive science is to characterize how an individual's past experiences guide their present decisions in a sequential task. Various empirical evidence support a process of incremental learning, well-characterized by the framework of reinforcement learning, whereby repeated exposures to similar situations shape decisions. However, in a complex world with sparse data a more sample-efficient process is needed. Prior work has suggested that episodic memory supports decision-making in such settings. Here, we provide novel behavioral evidence that episodic memory supports decision-making in temporally extended settings. We propose that value-based decision-making and episodic memory share common mechanisms to encode and retrieve past events, which in turn shape option evaluation and ultimately choice. In two experiments, we empirically test hypotheses that relate classic dynamics of sequential episodic memory retrieval to response patterns in novel evaluation and decision tasks. We find subjects' reported value estimates are subject to biases analogous to classic episodic memory biases (Experiment 1), and their choices are best captured by an episodic recall-based model (Experiment 2). These results suggest a novel link between value-based decision-making and episodic memory, which could reflect a psychologically plausible mechanism for computing decision variables by Monte Carlo sampling.  

 Compositional learning of functions in humans and machines   
   
 Zhou, Yanli | ; 
  Lake, Brenden | ; 
  Williams, Adina 
    
 The human ability to learn and compose conceptual operations is foundational to making flexible generalizations, such as creating new dishes from known cooking processes. Beyond naive chaining of functions, there is evidence from the linguistic literature that people can learn and apply context-sensitive, interactive rules, such that output production depends on context changes induced by different function orderings. Extending the investigation into the visual domain, we developed a function learning paradigm to explore the capacity of humans and neural network models in learning and reasoning with compositional functions under varied interaction conditions. Following brief training on individual functions, human participants were assessed on composing two learned functions, in ways covering four main interaction types, including instances in which the application of the first function creates or removes the context for applying the second function. Our findings indicate that humans can make zero-shot generalizations on novel visual function compositions across interaction conditions, demonstrating sensitivity to contextual changes. A comparison with a neural network model on the same task reveals that, through the meta-learning for compositionality (MLC) approach, a standard sequence-to-sequence Transformer can approximate a strong function learner, and also mimic human error patterns with additional fine-tuning.  

 Circular but Suggestive: Pragmatic Insights from Reductive Tautologies   
   
 Meyer, Martin | ; 
  Keil, Frank 
    
 What makes an explanation seem insightful? Prior work shows that even circular explanations can seem insightful when they include information from a lower level of explanation (reductive information). Here, we suggest that this impression of insight is not an illusion. Rather, circular explanations with reductive information are pragmatically instructive: they suggest at which level of description the phenomenon should be explained. In Study 1, even single-sentence circular explanations appeared insightful when infused with reductive information. In Study 2, rating circular explanations with reductive information as insightful correlated with rating them as helpful both with searching for explanatory information and with narrowing down which mechanisms an explanation should address. Study 2 also provides preliminary evidence that these ratings were not driven by prior knowledge of these circular explanations' explicit propositional content.  

 Understanding Infinity: Neural Network Models of Becoming a "Cardinal Principle Knower"   
   
 Gupta, Vima | ; 
  Varma, Sashank 
    
 As children enter elementary school, their understanding of the ordinal structure of numbers transitions from a memorized count list of the first 50-100 numbers to knowing the successor function and understanding the countably infinite. We investigate this developmental change in two neural network models that learn the successor function on the pairs (N, N+1) for N in (0, 98). The first uses a one-hot encoding of the input and output values and corresponds to children memorizing a count list, while the second model uses a place-value encoding and corresponds to children learning the language rules for naming numbers. The place-value model showed a predicted drop in representational similarity across tens boundaries. Analysis of the latent representation shows that counting across a tens boundary can be understood as a vector operation in 2D space, where the numbers with the same tens place are organized in a linearly separable manner, whereas those with the same ones place are grouped together. A curriculum learning simulation shows that, in the expanding numerical environment of the developing child, representations of smaller numbers continue to be sharpened even as larger numbers begin to be learned. These models set the stage for future work using recurrent architectures to move beyond learning the successor function to simulating the counting process more generally, and point towards a deeper understanding of what it means to understand the countably infinite.  

 Does Taking Photographs Impair Your Memory? The Role of Attentional Disengagement   
   
 Braun, Simon | ; 
  Croes, Marc | ; 
  Vaitkunaite, Rugile | ; 
  Verheyen, Steven 
    
 The photo-taking-impairment effect refers to the detrimental impact photo taking has on one's memory for the photographed object. We explored the role of two mechanisms that have been said to underlie the effect, namely offloading and attentional disengagement. In this online study 107 undergraduate students were shown 3x5 paintings and were instructed to simply observe them, take a picture that would be available for later usage, or take a picture and delete it. Afterwards, they were presented with a visual details multiple-choice test. It was expected that if attentional disengagement was the mechanism underlying the photo-taking-impairment effect, then the effect would not be present in the current study. This expectation was due to the non-distracting nature of the photo taking task that was used in the study. The results were in line with the expectations and did not indicate the presence of the photo-taking-impairment effect. Consequentially, it supported the hypothesis that attentional disengagement, rather than offloading, is the mechanism underlying this effect.  

 Bridging the Measurement Gap: a Large Language Model Method of Assessing Open-Ended Question Complexity   
   
 Raz, Tuval | ; 
  Luchini, Simone | ; 
  Beaty, Roger | ; 
  Kenett, Yoed 
    
 Question-asking, an essential yet understudied activity, holds significant implications for fields such as learning, creativity, and cognitive development. The quality, and complexity in particular, of the questions are recognized as crucial factors affecting these fields. Previous research explored question complexity through Bloom's taxonomy, but measurement remains challenging. Recent advancements have enabled automated scoring of psychological tasks but have not been applied to open-ended question complexity. Here, we address this gap by employing large language model (LLM) techniques to predict human ratings of open-ended question complexity. Our results reveal that our LLM-generated complexity scores correlated strongly with human complexity ratings in both the holdout-responses (r = .73) and holdout-item set (r = .77), whilst also exceeding baseline methods tested. The research emphasizes the significance of LLMs in psychological research and their potential in automating question complexity assessment. This study also highlights exciting possibilities for usage of LLMs in education and psychology.  

 Heart talk: Emotional inner speech increases heart rate   
   
 Wallentin, Mikkel | ; 
  Kruse, Line | ; 
  Meerwald, Anja Feibel | ; 
  Fjendbo, David Trøst | ; 
  Nedergaard, Johanne 
    
 In this pre-registered study, we investigated whether emotional inner speech influences heart rate. Participants were asked to engage in 3-minute sessions of: positive inner speech, negative inner speech, or inner counting while their heart rate was monitored. Participants were lying on a bed and asked to remain still. Motion tracking was applied to control for body movement. Median heart rate across each inner speech session was analyzed and a significant difference was found between emotional inner speech and inner counting. No difference between positive and negative inner speech was observed. Post-hoc analyses investigated the relationship between movement and heart rate and found an effect with a peak lag of approximately 14 seconds. Removing these effects did not change the effect of emotional inner speech. Additional analyses showed that heart rate and respiration rate were linked. Including respiration rate as a covariate did not alter the effect of emotion.  

 Intentional facial expression variation per taste preference for beverages   
   
 Mukai, Kae | ; 
  nakazato, kensuke | ; 
  Watanabe, Katsumi 
    
 This study examined how individuals would express their preference or distaste for experiences associated with beverages they found to be delicious or unpalatable using facial expressions. We recorded videos where six individuals were asked to drink their preferred or unpreferred beverages and to make ‚Äúdelicious‚Äù or ‚Äúunpalatable‚Äù expressions irrespective of what they drank, resulting in four conditions: (1) ‚Äúdelicious‚Äù expression with a preferred beverage (genuine delicious), (2) ‚Äúunpalatable‚Äù expression with an unpreferred beverage (genuine unpalatable), (3) ‚Äúdelicious‚Äù expression with an unpreferred beverage (fake delicious), and (4) ‚Äúunpalatable‚Äù expression with a preferred beverage (fake unpalatable). A total of 33 participants watched the videos and estimated the level of deliciousness of the beverage and inferred the emotions of happiness, sadness, and disgust conveyed by the actor. The results showed genuine and fake delicious expressions conveyed more deliciousness than genuine and fake unpalatable expressions. The participants interpreted that the drink was more unpalatable when observing fake expressions than when observing genuine unpalatable expressions. There was no difference in the evaluation of deliciousness between the genuine and fake delicious expressions. Furthermore, fake unpalatable expressions were rated as containing more disgust than genuine unpalatable expressions. These results suggest that individuals exaggerate disgust when making fake and unpalatable expressions.  

 A Deep Channel Attention Transformer for Multimodal EEG-EOG-Based Vigilance Estimation   
   
 Pan, Jiahui | ; 
  Lu, Dehua 
    
 An accurate estimation of driver vigilance is crucial for reducing fatigue-related incidents and traffic accidents. Despite advances in the field of fatigue detection, effective utilization of multimodal information remains a major challenge. Additionally, prevalent methodologies predominantly focus on local features, overlooking the importance of global features in this context. To solve the above problems, we propose the deep channel attention transformer (DCAT) model, which can effectively utilize multimodal information and extract local-global features for fatigue detection regression tasks. We first introduce a novel multimodal approach that integrates electroencephalography (EEG) and electrooculogram (EOG) data, capitalizing on their complementary strengths to enhance the understanding and assessment of fatigue states. Then, the DCAT model utilizes multimodal information by extracting local and global features using channel attention and transformer encoder modules, respectively. Our evaluation of the SEED-VIG and SADT public datasets showcases the model's superior performance compared to that of the state-of-the-art baselines.  

 Face Processing in Real and Virtual Faces: An EEG Study   
   
 Vaitonytƒó, Julija | ; 
  Alimardani, Maryam | ; 
  Louwerse, Max 
    
 Previous studies suggested brain differences in the temporal domain when processing real human faces versus virtual agent faces, starting from 400 ms onward. However, few studies directly compared the early and the late face processing stages within one paradigm. Here we conducted an EEG study utilizing real human faces and high-quality virtual agent faces, examining two event-related potentials; the early N170 and the Late Positive Potential (LPP). Results showed identical N170 responses for both face types. However, the LPP response revealed a nuanced distinction, with real human faces evoking a slightly larger LPP compared to virtual agent faces. These results suggest that although virtual agent faces can approach the level of emotional engagement and higher-order evaluation associated with real human faces, human faces remain the most engaging. These findings shed light on the cognitive processes involved in face perception and the potential for intelligent virtual agents in AI and education.  

 Bridging Word and World: Vocal Iconicity in Chinese Child-Directed Speech and Child Production   
   
 Han, Mengru | ; 
  Nie, Yiqi | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 This study examines three types of vocal iconicity‚Äîsound effects, onomatopoeia, and iconic prosody‚Äîin Chinese child-directed speech (CDS), adult-directed speech (ADS), and child production. We analyzed a corpus of semi-spontaneous ADS and CDS from forty Chinese mother-child dyads, where the children were 18 and 24 months old. Our findings revealed that (1) mothers used significantly more sound effects and iconic prosody, but not onomatopoeias, in CDS compared to ADS. Interestingly, mothers' iconic prosody was also acoustically more congruent with lexical meanings; (2) The frequency of sound effects was lower than iconic prosody but higher than onomatopoeias; and (3) Chinese children aged 18 or 24 months seldom produced onomatopoeia or iconic prosody. These findings suggest that iconicity is more prevalent and prosodically marked in CDS than in ADS, which may help children's word-to-world mapping. Also, iconic prosody is an advanced prosodic skill that is not typically developed by two-year-old children.  

 Prediction of Users Perceptional State for Human-Centric Decision Support Systems in Complex Domains through Implicit Cognitive State Modeling   
   
 Kovalchuk, Sergey | ; 
  Ireddy, Ashish Tara Shivakumar 
    
 This paper presents an approach to model the internal cognitive state of decision-makers when interacting with AI to understand exchanges between agents and improve future interactions. We focus on understanding how AI suggestions are perceived by a human agent using an approach based on the technology acceptance model. The variation in the user's state is investigated when perceiving the interaction with AI by considering it as a hidden (latent) state. Using human evaluation data collected from two cases of clinical decision-making and software development scenarios, we analyse and explore the user's perceptional state during interaction. The experiment conducted employs the Bayesian belief network to represent the human perceptional model and provide a prediction of the usefulness of AI model's suggestions in the considered case. Upon introduction of cognitive states in the model, we observed an increase in predictive performance by 76‚Äì77%. Our investigation can be concluded as an attempt to identify implicit static and dynamic cognitive characteristics of users to provide personalized assistance in human-AI interaction (HAI) and collaboration in complex domains of decision-making  

 Reaching Consensus through Theory of Mind in Social Networks with Locally Distributed Interactions   
   
 Barretto, Daphne | ; 
  Marjieh, Raja | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 How people reach consensus in social networks with locally distributed interactions is relevant to understanding collective group decision-making and problem-solving. However, while the importance of theory of mind in consensus problems has been hypothesized, little work has been done to test it systematically. We present both computational modeling and behavioral experiments designed to test the impact of theory of mind on individual choices within such consensus networks. We test 2,108 computational models informed by theoretical work on a graph-coloring consensus task to compare models using theory of mind to other behavioral parameters. We then use behavioral responses from 107 participants in a similar task to evaluate support for theory of mind in consensus formation. We find that the computational model that best accounts for prior behavioral data uses theory of mind, and our behavioral results likewise support use of theory of mind over other potential decision-making models.  

 Exploring the Influence of Verbal and Nonverbal Similarities on the Verbal Overshadowing Effect in Facial Recognition   
   
 Tsukamura, Yuki | ; 
  Okada, Kensuke 
    
 The verbal overshadowing effect, a phenomenon where verbal descriptions of an encoded face hinder subsequent recognition, has been linked to the similarity in facial image sets used in recognition tasks. However, the specific aspects of similarity that influence this effect remained underexplored. This study, therefore, employed the Stable Diffusion image-generation model to create image sets that are similar either verbally or nonverbally. Experimental results using these sets revealed the presence of the verbal overshadowing effect in the verbally-similar set, but it was not evident in the nonverbally-similar set. These findings align with existing explanations of the verbal overshadowing effect and contribute to enhancing its predictability.  

 Weighted parameters in demonstrative use: The case of Spanish teens and adults   
   
 Ronderos, Camilo R. | ; 
  Zhang, Yayun | ; 
  Rubio-Fernàndez, Paula 
    
 All languages have demonstratives‚Äîgrammatical words like ‚Äòthis' and ‚Äòthat' in English, which are a universal tool to establish joint attention on a referent. Demonstratives are acquired early, but their mature use has a protracted development, with recent studies showing that 10- and 11-year-old children do not yet use demonstratives like adults do. Here we investigated demonstrative use by teenagers (ages 12-17) and adults with a focus on two social parameters affecting demonstrative choice in Spanish: Listener Position and Listener Attention. The results of two experiments using an online demonstrative-choice task revealed that teenagers use Spanish demonstratives comparably to adults in most conditions. However, teenagers seem to still be adjusting the relative weight of the social parameters affecting demonstrative choice in Spanish, supporting the view that acquiring and regularly using demonstratives trains social cognition through communicative interaction.  

 Developing Object Permanence from Videos   
   
 Becker, Frederic | ; 
  Traub, Manuel | ; 
  Otte, Sebastian | ; 
  Butz, Martin V. 
    
 Humans learn that temporarily occluded objects continue to exist within the first months of their lives. Deep learning mod- els, on the other hand, struggle to generalize such concepts from observations, due to missing proper inductive biases. Here, we introduce the first self-supervised interpretable ma- chine learning model that learns about object permanence di- rectly from video data without supervision. We augment a slot- based autoregressive deep learning system with the ability to adaptively and selectively fuse latent imaginations with pixel- based observations into consistent object-specific ‚Äòwhat' and ‚Äòwhere' encodings over time. We show that (i) Loci-Looped tracks objects through occlusions and anticipates their reap- pearance while outperforming state-of-the-art baseline models, (ii) Loci-Looped shows signs of surprise when the principle of object permanence is violated, and (iii) Loci-Looped's internal latent loop is key for learning object permanence.  

 Our sweetest hours fly fastest...on smartphone   
   
 Josset, Jean-Marc | ; 
  Le Quentrec, Erwan | ; 
  van Wassenhove, Virginie 
    
 The steady increase in time spent on smartphone applications and particularly on social networks, raises questions about the environmental and societal sustainability of such a phenomenon. Utility and enjoyment have a key role in such practices, but other factors such as passing time may also contribute. From May to November 2023, 5,028 people took part in a web survey aiming at producing durations prospectively using mobile applications like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Reading. The protocol introduces variables known to have an effect on time perception. On average, the produced durations were underestimated. This result is in line with the notion that tracking information and tracking time compete for the brain's limited attentional resources and, hence, that attention plays a critical role in time estimation. Significant differences emerged between the applications tested. TikTok and Reading tasks appear the most underestimate but with opposite dynamics as the level of satisfaction and familiarity are lower for the first compared to the former. Among the variables studied to explain the difficulties in evaluating time spent, the importance of familiarity with the activity is undoubtedly something worth exploring in the context of the race between new algorithms and cognitive adaptability.  

 Engaging Nonverbal Theory-of-Mind Boosts Novel Word Retention in Adults   
   
 Trice, Katherine | ; 
  Cohen, Emily | ; 
  Qi, Zhenghan 
    
 Theory-of-mind (ToM) plays a critical role in early language acquisition. However, whether ToM continues to support word learning in adults is unknown. This study tests whether engaging nonverbal ToM assists novel word encoding and retention. We examined young adults word learning in direct-mapping and pragmatically-inferred contexts. Each word learning block for each context was proceeded by a brief, non-verbal animation that either primed the ToM system or did not engage ToM. We found that initial pragmatically-inferred meaning mapping was assisted specifically by priming ToM prior to word learning. Long-term word retention was strengthened for both pragmatically-inferred and directly-mapped words,when learning was preceded by a ToM video. These results demonstrate that ToM causally interacts with word learning processes and facilitates both encoding and retention. Our findings strengthen previous arguments that ToM plays a critical role in language development and broaden this to encompass lifelong vocabulary learning.  

 Cognitive reflection and Normality Identities: two new benchmarks for models of probability judgments   
   
 Huang, Jiaqi | ; 
  Busemeyer, Jerome | ; 
  Ebelt, Zo | ; 
  Pothos, Emmanuel 
    
 We propose two novel benchmarks for assessing models of probability judgments: the impact of Cognitive Reflection Test (CRT) on probability judgment expressions and 16 ``normality identities" expected to sum to 1 under classical probability theory. We compared three models on these benchmarks ‚Äì the Probability Plus Noise Model (PPN), the Bayesian Sampler (BS), and the Quantum Sequential Sampler (QSS) ‚Äì using the largest dataset to date for probability judgments. Our results reveal that higher CRT scores are associated with fewer probabilistic fallacies and identity violations, a trend most accurately captured by the QSS, although we also identified QSS limitations. Regarding the normality identities, the QSS outperformed the PPN and the BS, which had difficulty with both the average values of the normality identities and their dependence on CRT scores. Additionally, we uncovered a unique ``1 crossing" effect for normality identities N8 and N11, an effect PPN and BS cannot capture.  

 Processing non-culminating accomplishments across languages   
   
 Bott, Oliver | ; 
  Solstad, Torgrim | ; 
  Michaelis, Jens 
    
 We investigated the processing and interpretation of aspectual coercion in the case of non-culminating accomplishments in English and German. Two offline experiments employing an inference rating task showed that non-culminating accomplishments in both languages actually involve a shift in interpretation. Four self-paced reading experiments furthermore show that this type of coercion isn't costly - neither in German, a language lacking grammatical aspect, nor in English with an aspectual opposition between progressive and perfective forms. This lack of effect in processing coercion was obtained in a first pair of experiments using adverbial modification (sentence-internally) within the verb phrase and in a second pair of experiments in which aspectual coercion was triggered in a subsequent discourse unit. A final stops-making-sense experiment replicates the lack of effect for English and furthermore shows that the processing of non-culminating accomplishments does not incur a processing effect even in a task calling for immediate full interpretation.  

 Investigating Flexible Role Binding in AI Agents   
   
 Pennisi, Brian | ; 
  Gureckis, Todd M | ; 
  Budiono, Rheza | ; 
  Ho, Mark K 
    
 Humans can flexibly bind familiar functional roles to novel entities in their environment. For example, children who have the concept of ``goal posts'' can bind this abstract role to two hats placed on the street. In doing so, they can port over existing expectations of ``goal posts" for the duration of the game. In this paper, we seek to explore artificial agents' ability to perform flexible role binding and rebinding. To this end, we designed a Gridworld navigation game and tested a popular CNN-based agent which has had success in other tasks involving visual and spatial state spaces (e.g. Atari or Minigrid). To our surprise, we found that while this architecture was capable of overfitting to the training set, it was not able to learn flexible role binding without intervention. We ultimately show that with carefully engineered data augmentation techniques, our artificial agent is able to learn the task. This suggests that the diversity of the training dataset was a limiting factor.  

 A "Rational" Framework for Self-Control   
   
 Gomez, Adan Alberto | ; 
  Sun, Ron 
    
 While a number of disciplines have empirically investigated self-control (e.g., psychology, cognitive science, and sociology), along with philosophy, they have offered differing (although sometimes overlapping) perspectives. A process-based, mechanistic theory explaining empirical self-control data can help integrate these perspectives. A mechanistic (computational) approach through a computational cognitive architecture where simulations can be performed may unify the interpretations of empirical studies based on various (e.g., implicit-explicit) conflicts as well as utility calculation (e.g., from motivational considerations). Such a framework facilitates simulations that account for human data and capture notions of self-control capacity and control fatigue/reduction, facilitating detailed explanations.  

 Two Directions for Skill Development of Basic Latin American Dance Movements   
   
 HATSUDA, Kyoko | ; 
  Shimizu, Daichi 
    
 Latin American dancing relies heavily on Cuban Motion (CM) to captivate audiences with its powerful, enchanting, and beautiful expressions. We researched how skilled dancers' CM movements influence audience perceptions. We compared CM movement and evaluations between different skill levels. From previous research, we hypothesize that expert's CM is symmetrical and involves whole-body coordination. Result showed that the heel and other body parts were coordinated in the R-L direction and that the hip trajectory in the horizontal plane was highly circular. However, contrary to the hypothesis, the symmetrical feature of the CM's hip trajectories of experts was divided into two groups: symmetrical / asymmetrical expert. In the evaluation results, the symmetrical group was evaluated higher for factor of Aesthetics and Dynamism, while the asymmetrical group was lower.  

 How Red Is a Ladybeetle? Examining People's Notions of Biological Variability   
   
 Leon Villagra, Pablo | ; 
  Mathiaparanam, Olympia N. | ; 
  Rosengren, Karl | ; 
  Buchsbaum, Daphna 
    
 People often display essentialist biases, which can lead them to underestimate within-species variability. This bias is especially pronounced when traits are described as advantageous for survival. However, it is unclear whether this bias is limited to the specified trait or encompasses complex trait interactions. We used Markov Chain Monte Carlo with People (MCMCp) to analyze people's representations of biological variability, using ladybeetles as a model species. Participants either received contextual information about the benefits of ladybeetle color for survival, or survival-irrelevant information. Overall, participants held consistent beliefs about ladybeetle features but those with survival-relevant context produced lighter and larger ladybeetles; this difference was consistent with survey responses. However, we found no significant interaction between MCMCp variability and essentialism scores, given our context manipulation. We discuss potential explanations for these results and highlight advantages of MCMCp for assessing biological variability, particularly when studying the development of essentialist biases.  

 "I'm going to choose a Hibble": Social and statistical reasoning in DEI contexts   
   
 Popat, Aarthi | ; 
  Dunham, Yarrow 
    
 Disparate impact rules are formally neutral but indirectly discriminate against protected groups (i.e., by targeting a characteristic that is more prevalent in a given group). Because these rules are not obviously malicious, they have been widely enacted to circumvent policies against explicit discrimination. In a series of four experiments, we show that adults and children are sensitive to the moral implications of disparate impact rules. However, we also find that they are more accepting of these rules when strong justification is provided, compared to rules with no justification. Crucially, demographic differences also impact people's judgments of disparate impact rules and their creators. We find that conservatives and those from groups not directly affected by the rule tend to be more accepting of it. By studying people's reasoning about disparate impact rules, this work aims to identify the mechanisms by which these rules may evade detection. Finally, we discuss how these insights may inform the development of interventions that highlight the problematic effects of indirectly discriminatory policies.  

 Examining structural and semantic predictors of announced sarcasm on r/AskReddit   
   
 Hew, Joshua | ; 
  Tarighat, Aida | ; 
  Corley, Martin | ; 
  Horne, Zachary 
    
 People sometimes explicitly announce that they are being sarcastic. The announcement appears to be particularly common in text-based conversations where prosodic cues are more difficult to identify. In certain cases, the tone of a comment is sufficient to determine non-literal meaning. However, what happens in the absence of these features, or when context forces us to explicitly caveat our sarcasm? In this study, we examined Reddit comments from r/AskReddit for the features that are present in comments tagged with "/s", a convention on the platform for users to denote sarcasm. We found that a host of cues which mimic prosody, and other aspects of figures of speech, were inconsistent predictors of announced sarcasm. In contrast, when talking about sociomoral topics such as politics or race, users were more likely to tag their comments with "/s". This suggests that users are more likely to announce sarcasm in text-based conversations where misinterpretation would be socially detrimental.  

 Unveiling Analogical Reasoning Strategies: Insights from Eye Tracking in Four-Term Analogies   
   
 Kucwaj, Hanna | ; 
  Kroczek, Bart≈Çomiej | ; 
  Chuderski, Adam 
    
 We applied eye tracking and semantically rich four-term analogies with a broad range of distractor types to investigate strategies of analogical reasoning. We adopted the operationalization of strategies proposed in previous eye-tracking studies and introduced an alternative, more fine-grained method of presenting gaze dynamics across a trial in a four-term analogy (A:B::C:D). Our analysis of fixations and transitions between Areas of Interest provided support for existing research findings, suggesting that the primary and most effective strategy when solving four-term analogies is the so-called projection-first strategy, which focuses on the source-domain relation and its generalization to the target domain.  

 XOR in Order: Category Learning of Exclusive-Or in a Temporal Sequence   
   
 Shah, Vedant Biren | ; 
  Schlegelmilch, René | ; 
  von Helversen, Bettina 
    
 When people make decisions, these often do not stand alone but are made in a sequence of decisions. For instance, a doctor will first decide on a patient's treatment and then about the duration of the treatment, such that later decisions frequently depend on the outcome of the first decision. While there is research on how humans discover inter-relations between sequentially presented information (e.g., grammar), little is known about learning complex inter-category relations in decision sequences. Hence, we present an experiment in which we embedded an Exclusive-Or (Type-II) structure, as known in category learning, in a sequence of three categorization tasks¬†where¬†the outcomes of tasks 1 and 2¬†predicted¬†the outcome of task 3. We hypothesized that embedded structure would facilitate learning and generalization compared to sequence without regularity. Instead, the evidence favored the Null hypothesis in both cases, contrasting¬†with¬†the findings in the visual categorization domain.  

 Evaluating human-like similarity biases at every scale in Large Language Models: Evidence from remote and basic-level triads.   
   
 De Deyne, Simon 
    
 In the remote triad task, participants judge the relatedness between randomly chosen words in a three-alternative choice triadic judgement task. While most word pairs in these triads are weakly related, humans agree on which to choose. This is theoretically interesting as it contradicts previous claims that suggest that the notion of similarity is unconstrained in principle (e.g., Goodman, 1972}. Here, we present new evidence from GPT-4, showing that context-aware LLMs provide excellent predictions of this task. Moreover, the strength of this effect was even larger than that found for basic-level comparisons, which involve highly similar items. Together, this implies that the similarity of human representations is highly structured at every scale, even in tasks with limited context. Follow-up analysis provides insights into how LLMs are successful in this task. Further implications of the ability to compare words at every scale are discussed.  

 Towards a Unified Model Describing Multiple Tasks: Extending the Retrieving Effectively from Memory Model to Categorization   
   
 Aytac, Sinem | ; 
  Chang, Yu-Wei | ; 
  Kalish, Michael | ; 
  Corral, Daniel 
    
 This study extends the Retrieving Effectively from Memory model, a prominent computational model of episodic memory, to the domain of categorization. Our modeling approach begins with the assumption that same-category items share common features representing defining characteristics of their category, and that they are encoded in the same category list context. We then assumed that category judgments occur based on the comparison of an item's averaged similarity to the exemplars from each category. We use this model to explore how the learning modes of observation and classification might influence category learning and consider several strategies that may emerge during the classification mode. Model simulation results indicate that different strategies which people might adopt during classification can either confer an advantage or pose a disadvantage in category learning. These findings suggest potential avenues for future research, particularly in exploring diverse strategies employed during learning.  

 Interpreting implausible event descriptions under noise   
   
 Achimova, Asya | ; 
  van Os, Marjolein | ; 
  Demberg, Vera | ; 
  Butz, Martin V. 
    
 Gricean maxims prescribe cooperative speakers to make their utterances maximally informative so that listeners have the highest chance of understanding the utterances. At the same time, speakers are expected to save effort and not produce descriptions that are more explicit than necessary. In this work, we first ask how predictability of the described events affects the choice of anaphoric referring expressions. We show that speakers prefer phonologically overt descriptions, such as definite NPs, when they refer to agents that behave in an unexpected way. We further test how the interpretation of referring expressions changes depending on the listening conditions and prior expectations about the plausibility of an event. Our work shows that the speaker's extra effort in choosing a more phonologically overt referring expression is justified by listeners' behavior: they report having heard an utterance which is more plausible than the originally spoken utterance and which contains additional phonological material.  

 Validity of Concept Mapping for Assessing Mental Models of System Functioning   
   
 Schmidt, Judith | ; 
  Rix, Eva Louise | ; 
  Hesse, Peter | ; 
  Abele, Stephan | ; 
  Müller, Romy 
    
 Having a correct mental model of a technical system facilitates interaction and problem solving. To assess such mental models of system functioning, appropriate methods are needed. We tested whether concept mapping with a focus on means-ends relations leads to valid assessments of participants' mental models of system functioning. Automotive and utility vehicle apprentices constructed concept maps of two simple, everyday systems (bike, traffic) and one complex, domain-specific system (fuel temperature control). However, only one group of participants had previously covered the complex system in class. Aspects of participants' concept maps regarding content (correct functional propositions) and structure (intersection over union) were assessed and related to respective reference maps. Results indicated that group differences in knowledge about the complex system were represented by concept map content, but not structure. We argue that the applied structural reference might need to be adapted to match typical requirements of the domain and task.  

 Off-Peak Price Reductions for Water Demand Management   
   
 Onuki, Yutaro | ; 
  Otaki, Yurina 
    
 Peak shifting is a key method to enhance the resilience of water supply infrastructure. Due to limitations related to the costs of smart meters, experimentally investigating the impact of a time-of-use tariff on inducing peak shifting in water usage has been challenging. Having introduced smart meters across 1,890 households, this study investigated behavioral responses to reduced water prices during off-peak hours (i.e., by increasing the relative cost of peak times). This was achieved by implementing a pricing scheme offering a 60% discount from 23:00 to 05:59 hours and a 20% discount from 10:00 to 16:59 hours. The results revealed significant changes in water usage behavior near the boundary between off-peak and peak times, suggesting a shift in water usage behavior towards the off-peak period. Moreover, a time-series analysis demonstrated the peak shifting induced by off-peak price reductions. Furthermore, this study examines cognitive processing and its impact on altering water usage behaviors on an hourly basis. These findings suggest that reducing prices during off-peak periods can effectively induce peak shifting across a broad range of times.  

 Reward Count(s): Negative Recency in Probabilistic Experience-Based Learning   
   
 Schlegelmilch, René | ; 
  Wills, Andy J | ; 
  von Helversen, Bettina 
    
 Learning how to make decisions from experience is often studied using probabilistic outcome prediction or choice tasks, as in conditioning, reward learning, or risky gambles (e.g., response A provides reward in 75% of the cases, response B in 25% over repeated trials with feedback). One debated phenomenon in such tasks is that of negative recency, describing that learners expect the rare event after observing a streak of common events (e.g., Gamblers fallacy). Here, we show that this behavior, despite instructing participants to use a visual stimulus, also occurs in probabilistic single-cue conditioning training, where participants predicted whether digging at a specific location on a plane (visual cue) leads to finding a Vase or Nothing (events), when they received reward for correct predictions. We manipulated reward magnitude in three conditions (equal for both common and rare events vs. high for common event vs. high for rare event, between factor). We further manipulated whether the label of the rare event was framed as event (finding a Vase) or non-event (finding Nothing; between factor). The results suggest, that reward magnitude affected the emergence of negative recency, being most prevalent when correctly predicting the rare event yielded a high reward, and least prevalent when the common event yielded a high reward. Interestingly, the event label instead rather affected when the rare event was expected, such that common Vase runs were expected to end earlier than common Nothing runs. We discuss the findings from conditioning and economic perspectives, generally concerning experience-based learning.  

 Paradoxical parsimony: How latent complexity favors theory simplicity   
   
 Gong, Tianwei | ; 
  Valentin, Simon | ; 
  Lucas, Chris | ; 
  Bramley, Neil R. 
    
 Investigating how people evaluate more or less complex causal theories has been a focal point of research. However, previous studies have either focused on token-level causation or restricted themselves to very small sets of explanatory variables. We provide a new approach for modeling theory selection that foregrounds the balance between observed and latent structure in the mechanism being explained. We combine a Bayesian framework with program induction, allowing an unbounded and partially observable model space through sampling, and reflecting how a preference for simplicity emerges naturally in this setting. Through simulation, we identify two rational principles: (1) Simpler explanations should be favored as latent uncertainty (the number of hidden variables) increases; (2) latent structure is attributed a larger role when the observable patterns become less compressible. We conducted a behavioral experiment and found that human judgments tended to reflect these principles, indicating that people are sensitive to latent uncertainty when selecting between explanations.  

 What processing instructions do connectives provide? Modeling the facilitative effect of the connective   
   
 Marchal, Marian | ; 
  Scholman, Merel Cleo Johanna | ; 
  Sanders, Ted | ; 
  Demberg, Vera 
    
 Connectives like ‚Äòbecause' are referred to as ‚Äòprocessing instructions' as they facilitate processing of linguistic material directly following the connective. In an expectation-driven account of discourse processing, this can be attributed to predictions that readers make about the upcoming discourse relation, but also to predictions about upcoming discourse content. By modeling these two accounts, termed the relation prediction account and the content prediction account respectively, we show that they make different predictions about when the presence of a connective is most beneficial. In a self-paced reading study, we replicate the facilitative effect of the connective on processing, but do not find any evidence that this effect can be explained by a strong or weak version of either of the two accounts. This suggests that the role of the connective goes above and beyond informing the reader about the upcoming relation and content and possibly triggers a different processing strategy.  

 Rationally uncertain: investigating deviations from Explaining Away and Screening Off in causal reasoning   
   
 Marchant, Nicolas | ; 
  Puebla, Guillermo | ; 
  Quillien, Tadeg | ; 
  Chaigneau, Sergio E. 
    
 This work provides an alternative account for deviations in human causal reasoning from normative predictions based on Causal Bayesian Networks (CBNs). We highlight violations of the Markov condition (Screening Off) and insufficient Explaining Away. Different from other accounts, our model does not assume that people fail to honor normative predictions due to reliance on heuristics, hidden nodes and links or cognitive limitations. Instead, we propose that people are rationally uncertain about the received causal model they are asked to reason with. We fitted the model to published data from two experiments where people were asked to make probability estimates on inferences of interest within a causal model. We find that the model is able to i) reproduce deviations from normative predictions, and ii) predict changes in the magnitude of these deviations across contexts. We conclude that assuming that people, in order to be rational, will always fully believe in the information they receive about a causal model may be too strong an assumption.  

 Brain Breaks: Teacher Usage And Child Preference   
   
 Kumaravelan, Praveen | ; 
  Leroux, Audrey | ; 
  Godwin, Karrie E. 
    
 Brain breaks are often used during lessons to replenish childrens' attention, but children may respond differently to the variety of brain breaks they are offered. Therefore, two studies were conducted to identify both teachers' current use of brain breaks (Study 1) as well as the types of brain breaks children prefer (Study 2). Study 1 consisted of a survey of K-2 teachers (N = 796) across the United States regarding the implementation and types of brain breaks commonly used in their classrooms. The three most common break types reported by teachers were physical activity breaks, videos, and dancing. Study 2 consisted of a forced choice task in which elementary- and middle-school students were asked to pick between two instantiations of six different break types: cognitive engagement breaks, mindfulness exercises, physical activity breaks, nature videos, coloring, and mind wandering. For each break type, children were asked to pick the instantiation they preferred as well as the one they believed would help them focus. Children were then asked to rank the six breaks they selected from most to least preferred and most to least beneficial for focusing. Data collection is ongoing (N = 53). Preliminary results revealed children were more likely to rank cognitive engagement breaks as their most preferred break type. Analyses within break type revealed that students preferred mazes over pattern blocks as a cognitive engagement break, color jump over calisthenics for physical activity breaks, videos of forest scenery over cows grazing for a nature video break, mandala coloring over abstract coloring as a coloring break, and viewing a poster of a starry sky over an abstract poster as a mind wandering break.  

 Predisposed Mood and Music in Perceptual Judgement Task   
   
 Kabre, Manas | ; 
  Srivastava, Priyanka 
    
 The current study examines the interaction between predisposed mood, perceptual processing, and induced mood using music. We conducted an experiment in which participants were asked to identify stimuli at global or local (G/L) perceptual levels with four different background music conditions, which had different valence and arousal ratings. We used BMIS to assess current mood and PHQ-9 and GAD-7 to assess depression and anxiety, and divided the participants into two groups: distress and no distress (encompassing both disorders). We found a main effect of background music on mood. However, the distress group showed an overall low mood. Further, we observed an overarching effect of predisposed mood, encompassing depression and anxiety, on individuals' transient mood experience and perceptual task performance. Individuals in the non-distress group showed a larger global-precedence effect. The results are discussed in light of emotional reactivity theories and the theory of positive emotion.  

 Noisy-Channel Processing in Standard Arabic Relative Clauses   
   
 Dodd, Nicole | ; 
  Boush, Fatima | ; 
  Leung, Tommi | ; 
  Ferreira, Fernanda | ; 
  Morgan, Emily 
    
 This study investigates sentence processing in Standard Arabic (SA) by examining subject- and object-extracted relative clauses (SRCs and ORCs) through eye tracking. We test memory- and expectation-based theories of processing difficulty, and whether good-enough or noisy-channel processing leads to misinterpretations in ORCs. Our results find increased processing difficulty in ORCs, supporting expectation-based theories; however, this processing difficulty is not localized to the disambiguating region (relative clause verb) as predicted, but rather at the integration of the second noun phrase (relative clause NP). The findings support good-enough/noisy-channel processing theories, suggesting that readers may accept a noisy SRC interpretation of an ORC, and thus bypass integration costs at the RC NP.  

 The attentional system is tuned to initially orient to happy faces when competing with angry faces: An eye-tracker investigation   
   
 Chacko, Lijiya | ; 
  Gupta, Rashmi 
    
 We investigated the emotion-based modulation in the attentional mechanism by presenting angry and happy faces simultaneously in the extrafoveal vision. In a letter discrimination task at the fixation, pairs of task-irrelevant happy and angry faces were displayed peripherally (‚â•5¬∞ away from the fixation) to study the valence-facilitated attentional capture under mutual competition for processing resources. Selective orienting was assessed using eye movement measures such as the probability of first fixation on these emotional face images. Results revealed a higher probability of first fixation for happy faces than angry ones. Processing of affective stimuli in the extrafoveal indicates early occurring covert orienting of attention followed by overt attention in the foveal vision. The attentional capture advantage by happy faces occurred in the absence of differences in arousal levels. We propose that happy faces have a unique capacity to capture attention when competing with angry faces.  

 Visual Similarity Modeling of Chinese Characters Across Natives, Second Language Learners, and Novices   
   
 Zhou, Zhuqian | ; 
  Corter, James E. 
    
 This study investigated how well similarity models of Chinese characters developed in previous research could be used to model human judgments across different levels of proficiency in Chinese. The behavioral data collected from the three groups of participants confirmed the superiority of and preference for configurations over components in experts' perceptions. In contrast, Chinese learners' and novices' criteria for similarity judgments were less clear, as indicated by the low proportion of variance that could be accounted for by extended tree analysis of their group judgments. We discuss computational challenges in modeling human perception and judgments about Chinese characters and propose future directions for research, including the potential use of statistical and machine learning techniques with larger datasets for improved model development.  

 Investigating the Relationship Between Surprisal and Processing in Programming Languages   
   
 Dodd, Nicole | ; 
  Reese, Skyler Jove | ; 
  Morgan, Emily 
    
 This study explores the relationship between predictability, as measured by surprisal, and processing difficulty in code comprehension. We investigate whether similar mechanisms govern the processing of programming and natural languages. Previous research suggests that programmers prefer and produce more predictable code, akin to natural language patterns. We utilize eye-tracking data from the Eye Movements in Programming (EMIP) dataset to examine the impact of surprisal on various eye movement measures. Contrary to expectations based on natural language processing, our results reveal that surprisal does not significantly influence fixation metrics. Additionally, regressions in code reading show an unexpected inverse relationship with surprisal, suggesting that readers have different reasons for making regressions while reading code versus natural text. These findings contribute insights into the unique dynamics of code comprehension and opens avenues for further research in this domain.  

 A Relational Inductive Bias for Dimensional Abstraction in Neural Networks   
   
 Campbell, Declan I. | ; 
  Cohen, Jonathan 
    
 The human cognitive system exhibits remarkable flexibility and generalization capabilities, partly due to its ability to form low-dimensional, compositional representations of the environment. In contrast, standard neural network architectures often struggle with abstract reasoning tasks, overfitting, and requiring extensive data for training. This paper investigates the impact of the relational bottleneck‚Äîa mechanism that focuses processing on relations among inputs‚Äîon the learning of factorized representations conducive to compositional coding and the attendant flexibility of processing. We demonstrate that such a bottleneck not only improves generalization and learning efficiency, but also aligns network performance with human-like behavioral biases. Networks trained with the relational bottleneck developed orthogonal representations of feature dimensions latent in the dataset, reflecting the factorized structure thought to underlie human cognitive flexibility. Moreover, the relational network mimics human biases towards regularity without pre-specified symbolic primitives, suggesting that the bottleneck fosters the emergence of abstract representations that confer flexibility akin to symbols.  

 Show me, don't teach me: Active exploration promotes children's relational reasoning   
   
 Yang, Jiyue | ; 
  Han, Yu | ; 
  Deng, Sophia W 
    
 Young children often struggle with reasoning based on abstract relations, which is crucial for learning and thinking. Research has shown that children's relational reasoning abilities can be enhanced under certain circumstances. The underlying reasons and mechanisms behind such enhancement, however, remain unclear. This study examined the effectiveness of explanation, a recently discovered method, in enhancing children's relational reasoning abilities. Seventy-one 4- and 5-year-old children participated in a modified Relational Match to Sample (RMTS) task. Some children interacted with an experimenter who demonstrated relational matches and engaged in question-answer sessions, while others completed the task without such interactions. Results indicated that children who observed demonstrations and provided explanations or reports showed a higher proportion of relational matches compared to those who completed the task without such interactions. Furthermore, explanation was more effective than report in promoting children's relational reasoning. These findings suggest that interactive experiences that encourage exploration contribute to the development of children's relational reasoning abilities.  

 Humans generate auxiliary hypotheses to resolve conflicts in observational data   
   
 Papakonstantinou, Trisevgeni | ; 
  Leong, Kuan Iao | ; 
  Lagnado, David 
    
 Although research in the area of belief updating has flourished in the last two decades, most studies do not treat beliefs as part of a complex and interactive network. In this study, we investigate humans' use of auxiliary hypotheses as a mechanism to avoid belief updating in light of conflicting information. In Experiment 1, we replicate an unpublished study by Kahneman and Tversky, introducing two additional domain conditions (N=119). Participants construct an initial model, express a prior belief, and face conflicting information. They are then prompted to provide an explanation. Across three domains, only 37% of responses demonstrate belief updating, by attributing the information conflict to the original report being unreliable or invalid. In Experiment 2 (N=29), a within-participants manipulation of credibility shows no effect on generating auxiliary hypotheses. Even in the presence of credibility cues to explain away information conflicts by invoking the reliability of either source, participants instead generated auxiliary hypotheses to resolve them in 27% of the cases.  

 Do 14-17-Month-Old Infants Use Iconic Cues to Interpret Words?   
   
 Aussems, Suzanne | ; 
  Devey Smith, Lottie | ; 
  Kita, Sotaro 
    
 This study investigated whether infants use iconicity in speech and gesture to interpret words. Thirty-six 14-17-month-old infants participated in a preferential looking task in which they heard a spoken non-word (e.g., ‚Äúzudzud‚Äù) while observing a small and a large object (e.g., a small and a large square). All infants were presented with an iconic cue for object size (small or large) in 1) the pitch of the spoken non-word (high vs. low), 2) in gesture (small or large), or 3) congruently in both pitch and gesture (e.g., a high pitch and a small gesture indicating a small square). Infants did not show a preference for congruently sized objects in any iconic cue condition. Bayes Factor analyses supported the null hypotheses. In conclusion, we found no evidence that infants link the pitch of spoken non-words, or the iconic gestures accompanying those spoken non-words, to object size.  

 Shifting your opinion makes you change your factual beliefs without evidence   
   
 Orticio, Evan | ; 
  Kidd, Celeste 
    
 In two experiments, we experimentally manipulated people's subjective opinions about new wellness trends using positive clips from publicly available YouTube videos. Participants spontaneously judged novel statements that were consistent with their new opinion to be factual, despite the fact that they had encountered no direct evidence for any of the statements. Belief change was stronger among participants whose opinions were more swayed by the manipulation. Positive opinions also biased participants' curiosity such that they were highly motivated to learn more about opinion-congruent statements. In Study 2, participants reported false memories for the opinion-congruent statements within the video. These results illustrate the primary role of subjective opinions in belief formation about objective truths, and suggest that the eradication of misinformation is an incomplete solution for societal disagreements.  

 Do default nudges lead people to make choices inconsistent with their preferences: An experimental investigation   
   
 Iwatani, Shuma | ; 
  Honda, Hidehito | ; 
  Otaki, Yurina | ; 
  Ueda, Kazuhiro 
    
 People apply more frequently when ‚Äúapply‚Äù is the default choice (Apply Default architecture) than when ‚Äúdo not apply‚Äù is the default choice (Not-Apply Default architecture). However, Apply Default architecture might let them make choices inconsistent with their preferences as this architecture is counterintuitive. Those trying to apply might mistakenly choose to not apply under Apply Default architecture. In this study, we hypothesized that people's choices under No-Default architecture (i.e., a choice architecture without a default option) are less consistent with those under Apply Default architecture than those under Not-Apply Default architecture (Hypothesis 1). We also hypothesized that people who spent more time on making decisions would make choices consistent with their preferences because when people spend sufficient time to understand the construction of Apply Default architecture, they can make choices consistent with their preferences (Hypothesis 2). We recruited 997 participants and asked them to make decisions under No-Default and Default architectures (Apply Default or Not-Apply Default architecture). The results supported both Hypothesis 1 and Hypothesis 2. A method to help applicants make choices consistent with their preferences is finally discussed.  

 Priming Abstract Modal Representations in Modals with Causatives   
   
 Hill, Angelica | ; 
  Momma, Shota 
    
 Semanticists have debated the extent to which modality and causation are related in natural language. This paper aims to promote a theory in which overt causatives share core components of meaning with deontic modals. We report a sentence recall experiment that suggests that priming can be used to target the high-level semantic representations shared between two syntactically distinct linguistic expressions. Our results show that it's possible to prime the production of the deontic modal 'had to' (e.g., ``George 'had to' go to the store"), with causative 'made' (e.g., ``Jane 'made' George go to the store''), suggesting that the two expressions share a component of their meaning. Our results contribute to the methodological development in experimental semantics by establishing the utility of the priming effect to target meaning.  

 The Role of Syntactic and Referential Evidence in Verb Learning across Exposures   
   
 Chen, Yiran | ; 
  LaTourrette, Alexander S | ; 
  Trueswell, John 
    
 Early word-learning opportunities are often highly ambiguous, with this problem being especially difficult for verbs. While a verb's syntax can help to identify the referent event from the environment, learners still need to contend with temporal and spatial misalignment between verbs and their referent events. Although children are shown to use syntax to infer verb meaning when there is initially no co-occurring referent event, it remains unclear what role syntax plays in verb learning across exposures in tandem with referential information. With three adult word-learning experiments, we showed that while syntax independently informed verb meaning in the absence of referents, it did not additionally constrain subsequent mappings when a referent was present. These results reveal both the power of syntax in cross-situational verb-learning‚Äìpersisting across exposures ‚Äìand its limitations‚Äìfailing to supersede co-present referents.  

 Explaining apparently impossible phenomena: difference between physical and mental effects   
   
 Gronchi, Giorgio | ; 
  Perini, Axel | ; 
  Zemla, Jeffrey | ; 
  bagnoli, Franco | ; 
  Viggiano, Maria Pia 
    
 Practitioners of mentalism can perform apparently impossible feats, but when performing for an audience these feats are attributed to pseudoscientific explanations such as advanced psychological skills. Research that has investigated the psychological foundations of mentalism has found a strong tendency for people to believe these explanations. In three experiments, we investigated the strength of this belief by comparing apparently impossible effects relating to mental phenomena with physical phenomena. We observed that mental magic tricks are readily explained in terms of advanced psychological skills, whereas physical tricks are not. This was true: i) even when alternative feasible explanations are explicitly presented; ii) when they are presented as mentalism effects but the effects themselves are classical card tricks; iii) regardless of the context in which the effects are observed (a research laboratory vs. a theater). We interpreted the tendency to appeal to this pseudo-explanation (and the changes in narratives employed by mentalists across the decades) in terms of the community of knowledge framework.  

 Evidence for distinct cognitive attitudes of belief in theory of mind   
   
 Vesga, Alejandro | ; 
  Van Leeuwen, Neil | ; 
  Lombrozo, Tania 
    
 Theory of mind is often referred to as ‚Äúbelief-desire‚Äù psychology, as these mental states (belief, desire) are accorded a central role. However, extant research has made it clear that defining the notion of belief or characterizing a consistent set of key characteristics is no trivial task. Across two studies (N=283, N=332), we explore the hypothesis that laypeople make more fine-grained distinctions among different kinds of ‚Äúbelief.‚Äù Specifically, we find evidence that beliefs with matching contents are judged differently depending on whether those beliefs are seen as playing predominantly epistemic roles (such as tracking evidence with the aim of forming accurate representations) versus non-epistemic roles (such as social signaling). Beliefs with epistemic aims, compared to those with non-epistemic aims, are more likely to be described with the term ‚Äúthinks‚Äù (vs. ‚Äúbelieves‚Äù), and to be redescribed in probabilistic (vs. binary) terms. These findings call for a refinement of the concepts posited to underly theory of mind and offer indirect support for the idea that human psychology in fact features more than one kind of belief.  

 Are Disagreements Just Differences in Beliefs?   
   
 Oktar, Kerem | ; 
  Byers, John Branson | ; 
  Lombrozo, Tania 
    
 Decades of research have examined the consequences of disagreement, both negative (harm to relationships) and positive (fostering learning opportunities). Yet the psychological mechanisms underlying disagreement judgments themselves are poorly understood. Much research assumes that disagreement tracks divergence: the difference between two individuals' beliefs with respect to a proposition. We test divergence as a theory of interpersonal disagreement through two experiments (N = 60, N = 60) and predictive models. Our data and modeling show that judgments of disagreement track divergence, but also the direction and extremity of beliefs. Critically, disagreement judgments track key social judgments (e.g., inferences of warmth, competence, and bias) above and beyond divergence, with notable variation across domains.  

 Estimating the growth of functions   
   
 Marupudi, Vijay | ; 
  Bye, Jeffrey K. | ; 
  Varma, Sashank 
    
 An important aspect of mathematical and computational thinking is algorithmic thinking‚Äì‚Äìthe analysis of systems, algorithms, and natural processes. A fundamental skill in algorithmic thinking is estimating the growth of functions with increasing input size. In this study, we asked 178 participants to estimate values of seven common functions in algorithmic analysis [log(n), sqrt(n), nlog(n), n^2, n^3, 2^n, n!] to understand their intuitive perception of their growth. Their estimates were fit against the actual values for all functions. Participants showed a linearization bias: sublinear functions were best fit by a linear function, and superlinear functions were best fit by a cubic (i.e., polynomial) function, even those that grow much faster (e.g., n!). In addition, participants estimated logarithmic functions least accurately. These results provide insight into how people perceive the growth of functions and set the stage for future studies of how to best improve people's reasoning about functions more generally.  

 An Epistemic Principle of Charity in Informal Argument Evaluation   
   
 Madsen, Jens Koed | ; 
  Oaksford, Mike | ; 
  George, Nicole Lauren | ; 
  Teigen, Cassandra | ; 
  Yousefi, Sayeh 
    
 In this paper, we explore the Principle of Charity. This is an epistemic assumption that people should not judge people to be irrational unless they have an empirically justified account of what they are doing when they violate normative standards. Through two studies, we provide evidence in support of the principle. Study 1 suggests people believe others will arrive at the same conclusions they would themselves given the same information. Study 2 suggests that people assume others may differ in the subjective degrees of belief but that they broadly use the same (Bayesian) updating mechanism when evaluating information about other people. We believe this paper provides the first empirical test of this principle.  

 Uncertainty affects planning effort, but not plans   
   
 Lei, Jordan | ; 
  Ma, Wei Ji 
    
 When people plan, they often do so in the face of uncertainty. However, little is known about how uncertainty affects planning. To study these effects, we used a reward gathering task in which the we varied the reliability of announced rewards varied from certain to completely random. We quantitatively compared several planning models. We found that participants used a suboptimal approach, failing to directly incorporate stochasticity into their planning. Instead, they "compensated" for uncertainty by decreasing their planning effort as stochasticity increased. First-move response time correspondingly decreased with increasing stochasticity. Our findings generalized to a manipulation of transition uncertainty. Together, these findings open the door to a more comprehensive and computationally grounded understanding of the role of stochasticity in planning.  

 Belief updating patterns and social learning in stable and dynamic environments   
   
 Papakonstantinou, Trisevgeni | ; 
  Raihani, Nichola J | ; 
  Lagnado, David 
    
 Humans are resistant to changing their beliefs even in the face of disconfirming evidence. The Bayesian brain theory suggests that we should update our beliefs optimally in light of new evidence, but recent research indicates that belief formation is far from the Bayesian ideal. Individuals can exhibit "stronger-than-rational" updating or be resistant to revising their beliefs. The present study proposes a novel paradigm to explore perceptions and preferences for belief updating patterns in stable and dynamic stochastic environments, using an advice-taking paradigm. In an experiment (N=567) based on a fishing task, we introduce three advisor characters representing formal updating models: Bayesian, Volatile and Rigid. We find that participants exhibit higher trust for the Bayesian advisor than the Rigid advisor, in the stable but not changeable environment conditions. In the changeable environment, participants exhibit higher trust for the Volatile advisor, compared to both the Bayesian and Rigid advisors. The findings also suggest that participants' own learning closely mimics the pattern of the Volatile model. This study illustrates that people can differentiate between Bayesian updating, and its "stronger-than" and "weaker-than" variations, and exhibit preferences for these updating patterns, in different environment structures.  

 Cascades, Leaps, and Strawmen: How Explanations Evolve   
   
 Kedrick, Kara | ; 
  Zollman, Kevin J.S. | ; 
  DeDeo, Simon 
    
 Explanations are social, and when people try to explain something, they usually seek input from others. We present a simple theory of how people use the explanations they encounter as clues to the broader landscape of possible explanations, informing their decision to exploit what has been found or explore new possibilities. The challenge of coming up with novel explanations draws people to exploit or imitate appealing ones (information cascades); this draw increases as less appealing alternatives become more distant (the ``strawman'' effect). Conversely, pairs of low-quality explanations promote exploratory behavior or long-leaps away from observed attempts, and pairs of divergent high-quality explanations can lead to merging and syncretism. We use a transmission-chain experiment to test, and confirm, these predictions. Intriguingly, we also find that while people imitate good explanations, their imitations often fall short in quality. Our work provides new insight into how collective exploration can be promoted, or stalled, by implicit information about what is yet to be discovered.  

 Is focusing enough in category learning?   
   
 Yim, Hyungwook | ; 
  Yoon, Sejin 
    
 We examined whether selective attention, which is mainly theorized as the ability to focus on the category-relevant dimension, is a sole construct in understanding category learning. As the attention literature dissociates selective attention into focusing and filtering, we argue that filtering is another component that should be considered to fully understanding category learning. In the study, we provide an experimental paradigm that can dissociate filtering from focusing. By utilizing the paradigm along with collecting individual attention control measures, we show that filtering is related to the ability to inhibit irrelevant information. We also present that the current computational models that incorporate selective attention only as an ability to focus can not explain the results from the current study.  

 Ecological relativity of spatial cognition: Humans think about space egocentrically in urban environments   
   
 Marghetis, Tyler | ; 
  Ortega, Alyssa Viviana | ; 
  Holmes, Kevin J. 
    
 Humans make sense of space in a variety of ways. We can locate the world relative to our bodies, for instance, and thus adopt an 'egocentric' frame of reference for space. Or we can locate the world relative to an external frame of reference --- the cardinal directions, perhaps, or salient geographical features such as mountains. Across contexts and cultures, people vary in the frame of reference they adopt to think and communicate about space. Here, we test an explanation of this diversity: Egocentric encoding is encouraged by dense urban environments, particularly when reasoning about small-scale space. We constructed a corpus of three decades of published studies of cross-cultural variation in spatial frames of reference (N > 7,000 participants). Multilevel Bayesian models confirmed that egocentric encoding is more common in cities (vs. rural environments) and for small-scale space. Our conceptualization of space is shaped by the spaces we inhabit.  

 Rationality Meets Facts   
   
 Reuter, Kevin | ; 
  Messerli, Michael 
    
 In this paper, we confront two prevailing views of rationality‚Äîreason- and coherence-based theories‚Äîwith empirical facts. While the experimental resolution of the debate between both theories is challenging, we examine two cases in which these theories make distinct predictions regarding whether an agent is deemed rational or not. By directly pitting reason-based against coherence-based theories, our findings indicate that reasons play a more influential role in shaping people's attributions of rationality than coherence.  

 Regret Theory predicts decoy effects in risky and multiattribute choice   
   
 Walls, Logan A | ; 
  Howes, Andrew | ; 
  Lewis, Rick 
    
 Regret Theory (Loomes & Sugden, 1982) is a theory of decision making based on the idea that people consider not only outcome utility, but also future regret or rejoicing, which depends on both the chosen option and foregone options. Regret theory was originally proposed as a theory of choice under uncertainty. Here, we demonstrate that Regret Theory also predicts the widely studied attraction, compromise, and similarity context effects. First, we show that it predicts attraction effects in choice among gamble triples. Second, we apply Regret Theory to non-gamble multi-attribute choice settings and show that both predicts these context effects and predicts a within-subject dissociation between the compromise and similarity effects previously observed in empirical studies. Regret Theory provides a foundation for a unified account of risky and multi-attribute choice, and we believe the form we present here provides the simplest account to date that explains phenomena in both domains.  

 Simplicity Bias in Human-generated data   
   
 Dessalles, Jean-Louis | ; 
  Sileno, Giovanni 
    
 Texts available on the Web have been generated by human minds. We observe that simple patterns are over-represented: abcdef is more frequent than arfbxg and 1000 appears more often than 1282. We suggest that word frequency patterns can be predicted by cognitive models based on complexity minimization. Conversely, the observation of word frequencies offers an opportunity to infer particular cognitive mechanisms involved in their generation.  

 Some and Done? Temporally extended decisions with very few rollouts   
   
 Chen, Sixing | ; 
  Jensen, Kristopher T. | ; 
  Mattar, Marcelo G 
    
 It has been suggested that humans mentally simulate the outcomes of their actions when making decisions. However, this process can be challenging in real-world decision-making, which typically involves temporally extended decision trees with numerous potential outcomes. Here, we demonstrate with a computational model that temporally extended decisions can be achieved with just a few forward simulations, formalized as rollouts. We also show that, under resource constraints, performing many partial (shallow) rollouts can yield more favorable outcomes than performing fewer full (deep) rollouts. Additionally, our model captures behaviors traditionally attributed to pruning or satisficing strategies without the need for explicit heuristics, providing an alternative explanation for these phenomena. Finally, we show that the dynamics of value estimation over successive rollouts closely resemble evidence accumulation models. Our framework offers a plausible mechanism for temporally extended decision-making and provides insights into the neural underpinnings underlying this process.  

 Unrealized promise of joint modeling of choice and reaction time in improving representation learning   
   
 Richie, Russell | ; 
  Ajmal, Nehal | ; 
  Hebart, Martin N 
    
 As mental representations are standardly thought to underlie all cognitive processes, a major goal of cognitive science has been to uncover representations. Methods for representation learning from behavioral data often model choice or reaction time data alone, but not jointly, leaving out potentially useful information. Here we develop two models of choice and RT in the odd-one-out task, including one based on the Linear Ballistic Accumulator. Parameter recovery simulations show joint modeling of choice and RT with LBA recovers representations more accurately than modeling choice alone with softmax. However, on two empirical datasets of images and words, joint models performed no better than choice-only models, despite a significant correlation of reaction time with two measures of similarity and choice difficulty in both datasets. We speculate on reasons for the unrealized promise of joint modeling of RT and choice in representation learning.  

 Is Cognitive Ability Related with Rejecting Pseudoscience, Conspiracist, and Paranormal Beliefs? A Field Study   
   
 Jastrzebski, Jan | ; 
  Chuderski, Adam | ; 
  Kucwaj, Hanna 
    
 A field study examined how strongly the three categories of epistemically unwarranted beliefs: pseudoscience, conspiracist, and paranormal beliefs, can be predicted by cognitive ability in young participants from several European countries. Each type of beliefs was significantly and strongly correlated with the remaining two types of beliefs, but only weakly related with cognitive ability, suggesting a minor role of reasoning and problem solving processes for forming and holding unwarranted beliefs. However, a role of cognitive ability for rejecting unwarranted beliefs was stronger in males than in females.  

 Some Questions and Answers about Polish Questions   
   
 Suchojad, Jakub | ; 
  Lutken, C. Jane | ; 
  Stromswold, Karin 
    
 Languages differ in how they form questions that are equivalent to English questions such as who does John think Maria loves? in that the correct answer is who John thinks Maria loves, and not who Maria actually loves. Linguists disagree about how Polish makes such inquiries, and to date, no research has investigated how native Polish-speaking adults judge, process or produce these inquiries. In this paper, we investigated the nature of Polish questions via a corpus study, a grammaticality judgment study, and a spoken production study. Taken together, the results of these studies suggest that Polish has several syntactically distinct options for making these sorts of inquiries. Although, at first blush, this seems inconsistent with linguistic theories that argue against syntactic optionality, closer examination reveals that discourse context strongly affects which option is preferred. These findings highlight the importance of considering context, and the pitfall of studying sentences presented in isolation when evaluating linguistic or psycholinguistic claims.  

 Slow mapping words as incremental meaning refinement   
   
 Markham, Ella | ; 
  Rabagliati, Hugh | ; 
  Bramley, Neil R. 
    
 Research in lexical acquisition has frequently focused on children's ability to make rapid, context-informed guesses about the meaning of newly encountered words, known as ‚Äòfast mapping'. However, there is a gap in research examining how children and adults revise and adjust these guesses about word meanings as they encounter words repeatedly applied to different referents. We propose, on computational grounds, that learners adjust word meanings incrementally to accommodate new evidence. To begin to test this proposal, we lay out a new research program probing how word meanings evolve. In a pilot experiment, adults learn the meaning of novel kinship terms and we probe their beliefs by repeatedly eliciting generalizations. We manipulate the order in which participants observe the same word used to refer to different members of a family tree. We find a mixed pattern of order effects but our inspection of individual trajectories suggestive of a syntax-level relationship between the current and previous hypothesis. This relationship was supported by a computational model based analysis of lexical meaning generation via a probabilistic language of thought.  

 Communicative factors in the emergence of phonological dispersion   
   
 Roberts, Gareth | ; 
  Kuang, Jianjing | ; 
  Clark, Robin 
    
 We investigated the emergence of dispersion in phonological systems using an established experimental paradigm in which pairs of participants play a non-linguistic communication game, taking turns to select discrete colors from a continuous underlying space and send them to each other to communicate animal silhouettes. Over time participants established sets of signals made up of combinatorial color units, analogous to the phonemes of natural language. This allowed us to investigate the role of interactive pressures on the emergence of organizational structure in phonological inventories, principally dispersion. We manipulated minimum signal length (as a means of investigating the role of coarticulation) and the presence of probabilistic noise. We also manipulated the nature of the underlying color space. There was an effect of colorspace but not of noise or minimum signal-length. However, dispersion occurred at above-chance levels in all conditions. Our results provide evidence for the role of communicative interaction in the emergence and cultural evolution of phonological structure.  

 Iconic Artificial Language Learning in the Field: An Experiment with San Martín Peras Mixtec Speakers   
   
 Shapiro, Naomi Tachikawa | ; 
  Hedding, Andrew | ; 
  Steinert-Threlkeld, Shane 
    
 The present study examines the feasibility of conducting iconic artificial language learning (ALL) experiments in a fieldwork setting. We taught the pictographic language from Shapiro and Steinert-Threlkeld (2023) to speakers of San Martín Peras Mixtec in Oaxaca, Mexico. In a qualitative analysis, we explore whether these speakers display similar word-ordering behaviors to those observed among other populations, while developing insights for future ALL field experiments. We show that iconic ALL offers a promising path forward for including understudied communities in the cognitive sciences.  

 A hierarchical Bayesian model for syntactic priming   
   
 Xu, Weijie | ; 
  Futrell, Richard 
    
 The effect of syntactic priming exhibits three well-documented empirical properties: the lexical boost, the inverse frequency effect, and the asymmetrical decay. We aim to show how these three empirical phenomena can be reconciled in a general learning framework, the hierarchical Bayesian model (HBM). The model represents syntactic knowledge in a hierarchical structure of syntactic statistics, where a lower level represents the verb-specific biases of syntactic decisions, and a higher level represents the abstract bias as an aggregation of verb-specific biases. This knowledge is updated in response to experience by Bayesian inference. In simulations, we show that the HBM captures the above-mentioned properties of syntactic priming. The results indicate that some properties of priming which are usually explained by a residual activation account can also be explained by an implicit learning account. We also discuss the model's implications for the lexical basis of syntactic priming.  

 How wise is the crowd: Can we infer people are accurate and competent merely because they agree with each other?   
   
 Pfänder, Jan | ; 
  de Courson, Benoït | ; 
  Mercier, Hugo 
    
 Are people who agree on something more likely to be right and competent? Evidence suggests that people tend to make this inference. However, standard wisdom of crowds approaches only provide limited normative grounds. Using simulations, we argue that when individuals make independent and unbiased estimates, under a wide range of parameters, individuals whose answers converge with each other tend to have more accurate answers and to be more competent. In 2 experiments (UK participants, total N = 399), we show that participants infer that informants who agree have more accurate answers and are more competent, even when they have no priors, and that these inferences are weakened when the informants are systematically biased. In conclusion, we speculate that inferences from convergence to accuracy and competence might help explain why people deem scientists competent, even if they have little understanding of science.  

 The Face of a Character called Gmork   
   
 Bragoni, Marco | ; 
  Cassani, Giovanni 
    
 We used cross-modal generative AI models, which rely on the Contrastive Language-Image Pretraining (CLIP) encoder, to generate portraits of fictional characters based on their names. We then studied to what extent image generation captures names' gender and age connotations when information from linguistic distribution is rich and informative (talking names e.g., Bolt), present but possibly uninformative (real names e.g., John), and absent (made-up names, e.g., Arobynn). Three pre-trained Computer Vision classifiers for each attribute ex- hibit reliable agreement in classifying generated images, also for made-up names. We further show a robust correlation between the classifiers' confidence in detecting an attribute and the ratings provided by participants in an online survey about how suitable each name is for characters bearing a cer- tain attribute. These models and their learning strategies can shed light on mechanisms that support human learning of non- arbitrary form-meaning mappings.  

 Decision Making in Applied Contexts: The Dynamic Relations Between Signals and Stakes   
   
 Yu, Jingqi 
    
 applied contexts, focusing on online shopping with consumer feedback. The richness of crowdsourced information and the growth of e-commerce highlight the importance of understanding how different consumer feedback signals are weighted across product types. Participants allocated 100 points among eight common consumer feedback signals for products differing in emotional, commitment, and monetary values. A pilot study confirmed the product choice validity, assessing a separate group of participants' inclination to purchase target products for emotional needs and long-term use. Results reveal an increased reliance on crowdsourced information weight heightened decision stakes. While the overall signal importance ranking remains consistent across products, negative information gains significance, and average ratings diminish in importance for high-stakes decisions. The findings carry theoretical and practical implications, shedding light on the nuanced decision dynamics in applied contexts.  

 Spot the Spy: Exploring Natural Question-Asking in Gaming Environments   
   
 Sasson, Gal | ; 
  Cook, Benjamin T | ; 
  Pnueli, Vered | ; 
  Kenett, Yoed 
    
 Question-asking is a crucial aspect of human interaction. Questions fuel engagement, stimulate thought processes, foster learning, and facilitate information seeking behavior. Yet, scarce empirical research on question-asking, or its relation to related cognitive capacities such as creativity and intelligence, exists. We empirically investigate how people ask questions and the connections between question-asking and creativity through the domain of interactive gaming. To do so, we developed an online game‚ÄîSpot the Spy‚Äîwhere players are required to find a hidden spy amidst a crowded room, by asking questions that guide them in their investigation. Thus, we dive into the very essence of how creative and strategic thinking collaborate to shape the queries we formulate. We find that players' gameplay correlates with their cognitive abilities, especially with intelligence measures. As such, our game captures insights into the profound ways creative cognition shapes the questions we articulate and navigate within dynamic gaming environments.  

 (In)Accuracy of Human-Generated Correlations in A Scatterplot Drawing Task   
   
 Cui, Lucy | ; 
  Wang, Ching-Yi | ; 
  Wang, Yiwei | ; 
  Li, Peike | ; 
  Kini, Medha | ; 
  Liu, Zili 
    
 Previous research on perception of correlation of scatterplots used scatterplots as stimuli and asked participants to estimate or compare correlations of those scatterplots. This literature has shown a tendency for people to underestimate correlation in some correlation ranges. We flipped the task: instead of estimating correlation from visual stimuli, participants drew a scatterplot based on a given correlation: 0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75 and 1 using 20 dots. Participants drew greater correlations for r = 0.25 and r = 0.5 (0.59 and 0.71 respectively), which is analogous to underestimating correlation in previous viewing tasks. Drawn correlations for r = 0, 0.75 and 1 were more accurate. The number of statistics courses taken did not improve correlation drawing accuracy in a strong or meaningful way. We discuss possible interpretations of these results and future directions.  

 Intuitive Theories of Cognition on Affect and Risk Preferences   
   
 demircioglu, dogukan | ; 
  Dawson, Chris | ; 
  Johnson, Samuel 
    
 Though it is well-understood that beliefs about future emotions (affective forecasting) influence decision-making, less is known about where these forecasts come from. Here, we investigate how intuitive theories of cognition (cognitive forecasting) influence affective forecasts and, consequently, risk preferences. We found that forecasts of cognitive states‚Äîexpectations, attention, and information-seeking‚Äîare linked to affective forecasts and risk preferences (Study 1). There was great diversity in people's intuitive theories of cognition: One subgroup associated attention and information-seeking with positive emotions for optimists but negative emotions for pessimists, and therefore predicted greater risk-seeking in optimists but not pessimists; the other large subgroup consistently perceived forecasted attention and information-seeking as affectively negative (Studies 2a-b). These results connect behavioral economics and cognitive science by exploring how metacognitive intuitions influence our preferences.  

 Experiments in games: modding the Zool Redimensioned warning system to support players' skill acquisition and attrition rate   
   
 Vaci, Nemanja | ; 
  Stafford, Tom | ; 
  Ren, Ying | ; 
  Habgood, Jacob 
    
 The scientific potential of digital game studies in psychology is limited by the observational nature of the data that they investigate. However, digital environments present us with a perfect opportunity to incorporate experimental paradigms in complex interactive and multivariate worlds where each decision made by participants can be tracked and recorded. In this study, we demonstrate an industry-academic research collaboration that offers a proof-of-the-concept on how minor modifications of the game settings could be used to test psychological research questions. We modify the settings of the Zool platform game, where players allocated to the experimental group are provided with more information when in danger of dying in the game. Results of the study show that manipulation does not influence behaviour in the game, such as achieved score or number of deaths, but it changes the overall player's response of whether they will continue playing the game after the disappointing event of losing all their lives, game over event. In line with previous studies, the additional information provided through the experimental manipulation made death in the game more informative to the players.  

 Informativity and accessibility in incremental production of the dative alternation   
   
 Rathi, Neil | ; 
  Waldon, Brandon | ; 
  Degen, Judith 
    
 Variation in the use of syntactic alternations has long been an explanatory target of language production theories. In this work, we test the predictions of several semantic, pragmatic and psycholinguistic theories of language use for the English dative alternation. We first experimentally test the role of incremental constituent informativity in the dative alternation, and find that contrary to information structural and RSA models of production, informativity has little effect on production preferences. We then more rigorously focus on accessibility effects, demonstrating that a lossy-context automatic policy can recover a key pattern of accessibility. Ultimately, we conclude that audience design pressures likely do not influence incremental production, but simply may affect planning at a broader scope.  

 Frequency-dependent preference extremity arises from a noisy-channel processing model   
   
 Houghton, Zachary Nicholas | ; 
  Morgan, Emily 
    
 Language often has different ways to express the same or similar meanings. Despite this, however, people seem to have preferences for some ways over others. For example, people overwhelmingly prefer bread and butter to butter and bread. Previous research has demonstrated that these ordering preferences grow stronger with frequency (i.e., frequency-dependent preference extremity). In this paper we demonstrate that this frequency-dependent preference extremity can be accounted for by noisy-channel processing models (e.g., Gibson, Bergen, & Piantadosi, 2013; Levy, 2008). We also show that this preference extremity can only be accounted for if the listener infers more noise than the speaker produces. Finally, we show that the model can account for the language-wide distribution of binomial ordering preferences.  

 "Three yellow stars and three red hearts: Can subset-knowers learn number word meanings from multiple examplars?   
   
 Wege, Theresa Elise | ; 
  Merkley, Rebecca | ; 
  Jasim, Sara | ; 
  Ansari, Daniel | ; 
  Cheung, Pierina 
    
 Numerous studies have shown that number word learning is a protracted process. One challenge facing children learning the meaning of number word such as ‚Äúone‚Äù, ‚Äútwo‚Äù, or ‚Äúthree‚Äù is that number words refer to a property of a set and not to individual objects. In this study, we focused on a sample of children who have not learned the meaning of small number words such as ‚Äútwo‚Äù and ‚Äúthree‚Äù and tested whether children could learn number words from examples of sets that help them focus on set size. Specifically, the experimental training condition included examples that highlight a common relational structure between sets through varying object properties in the sets (e.g., three yellow stars and three red hearts are both ‚Äúthree‚Äù), whereas the control condition did not vary object properties(e.g., two sets of three yellow stars with different spatial arrangement). We trained two- and three-knowers (N = 65) on the next number (i.e., three or four) and assessed their learning with a Two-Alternative-Forced-Choice task and Give-a-Number task. Overall, we found weak effects of training. We discuss our findings in the broader literature on number word learning and explore the possibility of analogical reasoning as a mechanism of number word learning.  

 Labels aid in the more difficult of two category learning tasks: Implications for the relative diagnosticity of perceptual dimensions in selective attention tasks   
   
 Mertens, Andrew J | ; 
  Colunga, Eliana 
    
 Language represents a framework used to organize the things we experience. Redundant linguistic category labels facilitate category learning at a faster rate than category learning without labels (Luypan et al., 2007) suggesting language is also meaningfully involved in forming new categories. However, labels are not exclusively advantageous. Brojde et al., (2011) demonstrates that labels can be detrimental to category learning dependent on attending to historically agnostic dimensions over historically diagnostic ones (i.e., learning texture-based categories while ignoring shape). To separate historical experience from novel category learning, we task participants with classifying stimuli based on perceptual dimensions with less historical precedence as diagnostic cues for categorizing objects in everyday life (i.e., orientation and spatial frequency). Our results reveal a labeling advantage as well as slower overall learning in the orientation condition compared to spatial frequency-based learning. We discuss implications involving the historical use of these dimensions and the relationship between diagnostic and non-diagnostic dimensions.  

 Mis-Heard Lyrics: an Ecologically-Valid Test of Noisy Channel Processing   
   
 Poliak, Moshe | ; 
  Kimura, Hannah | ; 
  Gibson, Edward 
    
 Experiments in psycholinguistics allow us to test hypotheses and build theories. However, psycholinguistic experiments often suffer from low ecological validity, because participants are often required to perform an unusual task in the face of unusual materials. In the current experiment, we test the predictions of Noisy Channel Processing in a naturalistic task: identifying the lyrics of a song. We conducted an experiment where participants heard short excerpts from songs and then indicated which one out of four possible transcriptions they had heard. We found that the predictions of Noisy Channel Processing bear out: options with higher prior and likelihood were chosen more often by participants as the perceived song lyrics. Thus, Noisy Channel Processing is successful in explaining the everyday phenomenon of mis-heard song lyrics. More broadly, this suggests that Noisy Channel Processing captures everyday language processing, and that it is not dependent on unnatural experimental tasks and materials.  

 Study on Preferred Duration and Reimbursement in Web-Based Experiments   
   
 Palmetshofer, Alina | ; 
  Winter, Alice | ; 
  Dudschig, Carolin | ; 
  Kaup, Barbara 
    
 In Experiment 1, we conducted a survey in which we asked a sample of N = 762 participants explicitly about their preferences regarding reimbursement and experimental duration of web-based experiments. Participants significantly prefer donations and raffles over other forms of reimbursement in 5-minute experiments. When experiments take 30 minutes or longer, participants significantly prefer direct payment. This finding applies to 15-minute experiments, too, if only data of PayPal account holders is analyzed (75.23% of our sample). In Experiment 2, we implicitly measured the preferences of N = 189 participants by letting them choose between experiments with different durations and forms of reimbursements. As in Experiment 1, direct payment was the preferred reimbursement in longer studies. The most popular choice of duration and reimbursement was to receive direct payment for an experiment of 60 minutes, which was selected by 57% of all participants.  

 Interleaving Benefits Category Learning But Not Item Memory   
   
 Yüksel, Ezgi Melisa | ; 
  Knabe, Melina Lauryn | ; 
  Green, C. Shawn | ; 
  Vlach, Haley 
    
 Interleaving, as opposed to blocking, information improves learning of categories, such as artists' painting styles. The current study examined whether presentation schedules also impact memory for specific items. 179 participants studied paintings from 12 different artists on either a blocked or interleaved schedule. In Study 1 (N = 84), participants were then asked to either identify the artists of a series of paintings (style recognition task) or determine whether they had previously seen a specific painting (item recognition task). In Study 2 (N = 93), participants completed both tasks. Results showed that the interleaved schedule led to better learning of the painting styles, but did not impact item memory. However, when participants had to recognize the style and the painting for an artist on the interleaved schedule, they incorrectly thought that they had previously seen the painting. This finding illustrates the dynamic relationship between item memory and category learning.  

 Inferential abilities in Down syndrome: Examining verbal and nonverbal contributors to narrative comprehension in adolescents and adults   
   
 Mattiauda, Elisa | ; 
  Ōzsoy, Onur | ; 
  Gagarina, Natalia | ; 
  Perovic, Alexandra 
    
 Language profiles of individuals with Down syndrome (DS) reveal a pattern of heterogeneous abilities, with receptive vocabulary exhibiting strengths over receptive grammar, and expressive language lagging behind. Little is known about inferential abilities in this population, in either children or adults, despite inferencing playing a pivotal role in language comprehension. Inferential abilities are particularly relevant to the successful understanding of narratives, as story plots combine explicit (factual) and implicit (inferential) information. This study investigated inferential abilities in 26 English-speaking adolescents and adults with DS (age: 13-43, M=22.9 years) compared to 23 young vocabulary-matched typical controls (age: 4-11, M=6.96 years). Inferencing was assessed through a narrative comprehension task, which targeted understanding of story characters' goals and internal states (ISs). Participants with DS showed poorer comprehension of inferential questions, across both goals and ISs, with vocabulary level and receptive grammar positively contributing to the comprehension of inferences. Working memory showed a positive albeit non-significant relationship with inferencing ability, while executive functioning skills had no effect. Our results suggest that difficulties understanding, and potentially expressing, inferential information relating to story characters' goals and ISs persevere into adulthood in individuals with DS. Such difficulties are moderated by general verbal abilities and seem driven by poor grammatical skills. We discuss the contributions of verbal and nonverbal abilities to inference-making in Down syndrome, and potential implications for future research.  

 Attention in high-performance cognition is goal-directed, selective, focused, and sustained   
   
 Cowley, Benjamin | ; 
  Kirjanen, Aila 
    
 We introduce the concept of high-performance cognition as a domain-general function of acquiring and performing cognitively demanding skills to a high level. We conduct a survey among academic experts to identify key attention categories of high-performance cognition: by independent consensus they highlight the importance of goal-directed attention. Selective, focused, and sustained attention are strongly associated at slightly less complete consensus. They qualify their ratings with free-text reflections. Our work offers a new framing for skilled performance and its underlying cognitive processes.  

 Spatial Construals of Time... Travel   
   
 Nosrati, Shervin | ; 
  Niehorster-Cook, Leo | ; 
  Marghetis, Tyler 
    
 From H.G. Wells' The Time Machine to the recent Hollywood blockbuster Arrival, the notion of time-travel is a firmly established narrative trope. Yet tales of travel back and forth through time are essentially absent before the mid-1800s. This invites the question: How do people make sense of time-travel, and how does it build on the more basic building-blocks of our conception of time itself? Here, we investigate lay conceptions of time-travel using a gesture elicitation paradigm. Participants watched brief videos of time-travel stories and then recounted the plots. Combining qualitative analysis and machine learning extraction of co-speech gesture trajectories, we describe how participants' construals of time-travel cobble together more basic spatial construals time (e.g., length-duration; past-left vs. future-right), combined to create layered, ad-hoc, flexible representations of time. We discuss implications for how spatial metaphor can offer a foundation for more complex, elaborated forms of reasoning and understanding.  

 Novel Word Learning in Multilingual Children with and without Autism Spectrum Disorder: Roles of Social Cognition, Multilingualism and Vocabulary Proficiency   
   
 NING, Jinghong | ; 
  Hu, Anqi | ; 
  Qi, Zhenghan | ; 
  Sheng, Li 
    
 While the impact of social cognition on novel word learning has been extensively studied in monolingual populations, limited research has investigated its role in multilingual children with and without autism spectrum disorder. This study examined the role of multilingualism on the acquisition of novel English words under directly addressed and overhearing conditions. Participants included four groups of children with different language status (multilingual and monolingual and diagnostic status (typically developing and autistic). The results revealed that the learning preferences vary across participant groups depending on their language and diagnostic statuses. Additionally, dynamic patterns of novel word learning were unveiled, demonstrating the influence of English vocabulary proficiency on multilingual children's learning process. The findings highlighted the complex role of multilingualism on driving the formation of learning preference for typical developing and autistic children.  

 Understanding Expertise in Elite Competitive eSports: A Comparison of Approaches to Scalable Dimensionality Reduction   
   
 Phillips, Noah | ; 
  Sims, Chris R. 
    
 Various methods of dimensionality reduction have been used to apply a quantitative approach to the study of complex skill acquisition. This work builds upon past approaches, offering a comparative analysis of principal component analysis, logistic regression, and linear discriminant analysis to quantify expertise in the domain of competitive video gaming, or ‚ÄúeSports.‚Äù We present a novel, robust dataset of expert and non-expert gameplay data from professional and amateur players of the Super Smash Bros. Melee competitive fighting game. We assess each quantitative model via the metrics of providing accurate expertise classification, predictive utility, and a pragmatic window into the features of complex skill performance that hold the most weight in overall performance outcomes, thereby also providing insights for direction of future training. We posit that linear discriminant analysis provides the best performance for all relevant metrics. The nuances are discussed here, and suggestions for the field are offered for future study of other complex skill domains.  

 Novel Predictions for Boundedly Rational Agents: A Bayesian Analysis   
   
 Fuchs, Rafael | ; 
  Hartmann, Stephan 
    
 There is no guarantee that the set of possible theories that boundedly rational agents consider contains the true theory. And yet, these agents update their beliefs as new evidence comes in, leading to a conclusion about a particular domain. In this paper, we investigate under which conditions such agents arrive at sufficiently accurate beliefs compared to ideal agents. In doing so, we work within the framework of objective Bayesianism and draw on the literature on novel predictions in philosophy of science.  

 Benford's Law: Testing the Effects of Distributions and Anchors on Number Estimation   
   
 Chi, Duyi | ; 
  Burns, Bruce 
    
 Recent research (e.g., Burns & Krygier, 2015; Chi & Burns, 2022) demonstrated that people could exhibit a strong bias towards the smaller first digits, which is consistent with the pattern predicted by Benford's law. However, this psychological phenomenon was predominantly observed when generating meaningful numbers for decision-making. We investigated explanations rooted in the statistical acquisition of distributional information and the impact of anchoring during number estimation. Undergraduate students were asked to estimate the weight, lifespan and group-size of animals after learning different distributions of these variables, supplied with an anchored value, either an average or a starting point, for reference. The Benford bias reasonably emerged regardless of the variable distribution, yet was strongly influenced by the anchored information. Notably, showing average values significantly suppressed Benford bias. These findings offered insights into the cognitive process of number estimation in the presence of statistical evidence and anchored information.  

 How does grammatical category influence conceptual categorization: The case of Chinese classifiers   
   
 Liang, Jialing | ; 
  Liao, Xixian 
    
 Classifiers play a fundamental role in shaping how objects are categorized in Mandarin Chinese. We conducted object naming experiments with different types of classifiers as prompts and analyzed the distribution of names via the taxonomic device, by which nouns are divided into three levels according to the level of specificity, i.e., basic (e.g. apple), superordinate (e.g. fruit) and subordinate (e.g. golden apple) levels. We observe that different classifiers induce distinct distributions of names across the three levels. Under the general classifier condition, participants use more general terms for home furnishing objects (e.g., ‚Äòfurniture') but not for animals, whereas the specific classifier condition consistently reveals a preference for basic level names (e.g., ‚Äòtable'), which are less general and represent the most inclusive category at which objects share common features and can be easily recognized. These findings contribute to our understanding of language production in Mandarin Chinese and highlight the importance of considering grammatical factors when examining referential expression choices.  

 Domain-general categorisation principles explain the prevalence of animacy and absence of colour in noun classification systems   
   
 Prasertsom, Ponrawee | ; 
  Smith, Kenny | ; 
  Culbertson, Jennifer 
    
 Animacy is prevalent in as a semantic basis for noun classification systems (i.e., grammatical gender, noun classes and classifiers), but colour is completely absent, despite its visual salience. The absence of colour in such systems is sometimes argued to suggest domain-specific constraints on what is grammatically encodable. Here, we investigate whether this tendency could instead be explained by the superior predictive power of animacy (i.e., the degree to which it predicts other features) compared to colour. In a series of experiments, we find that animacy-based noun classes are learned better than colour-based ones. However, when participants are encouraged, by manipulating predictive power, to sort images based on colour, they are worse at learning animacy-based noun classes. The results suggest the animacy bias in grammar may have its roots in domain-general categorisation principles. They further serve as evidence for the role of cognitive biases in constraining cross-linguistic variation.  

 The Cognitive Precursors of Early Developing Essentialist Beliefs   
   
 Wang, Michelle | ; 
  Xu, Yian | ; 
  Moty, Kelsey | ; 
  Rhodes, Marjorie 
    
 Essentialist beliefs about categories (e.g., intuitions that categories like ‚Äúgirl‚Äù or ‚Äútiger‚Äù reflect real natural structure in the world) emerge early in development across diverse cultural contexts, but the processes by which they develop have rarely been examined. We tested if the basic conceptual and explanatory biases that children rely on to build intuitive theories of the world contribute to the emergence of essentialism across early childhood. Consistent with this possibility, children who deferred to experts regarding category labels, endorsed single and intrinsic causes for object functions, and generated over-hypotheses about structure based on limited evidence developed more essentialist beliefs across childhood (with some variation across domains of thought). Together, these data reveal that the development of essentialist beliefs is shaped by basic conceptual biases that underlie how children construct intuitive theories about the world.  

 Students Can Learn More Efficiently When Lectures Are Replaced with Practice Opportunities and Feedback   
   
 Asher, Michael W | ; 
  Sana, Faria | ; 
  Koedinger, Kenneth R | ; 
  Carvalho, Paulo 
    
 Many college students drop out of STEM majors after struggling in gateway courses, in part because these courses have large time demands. The risk of attrition is higher for those from financially disadvantaged backgrounds who often work to pay for college, making such time commitments unfeasible. In two laboratory experiments with different topics (central tendency and linear regression), we identified a promising approach to increase the efficiency of STEM instruction. When we removed instructional videos and taught participants exclusively with practice and feedback, they learned 2-3 times faster. However, our research also showed that this instructional strategy has the potential to undermine interest in course content for less-confident students, who may be discouraged when challenged to solve problems without upfront instruction and learn from their mistakes. If researchers and educators can develop engaging and efficacy-building activities that replace lectures, STEM courses could become better, more equitable learning environments.  

 Full-Information Optimal-Stopping Problems: Providing People with the Optimal Policy Does not Improve Performance   
   
 Singmann, Henrik | ; 
  Xiong, Yunxi | ; 
  SONG, Yue | ; 
  Breen, Mia | ; 
  Baumann, Christiane 
    
 In optimal-stopping problems, people encounter options sequentially with the goal of finding the best one; once it is rejected, it is no longer available. Previous research indicates that people often do not make optimal choices in these tasks. We examined whether additional information about the task's environment enhances choices, aligning people's behaviour closer to the optimal policy. Our study implemented two additional-information conditions: (1) a transparent presentation of the underlying distribution and (2) a provision of the optimal policy. Our results indicated that while choice patterns varied weakly with additional information when providing the optimal policy, it did not significantly enhance participants' performance. This finding suggests that the challenge in following the optimal strategy is not only due to its computational complexity; even with access to the optimal policy, participants often chose suboptimal options. These results align with other studies showing people's reluctance to rely on algorithmic or AI-generated advice.  

 The alignment problem in curriculum learning   
   
 Shafto, Patrick | ; 
  Sheller, Benjamin 
    
 In curriculum learning, teaching involves cooperative selection of sequences of data via plans to facilitate efficient and effective learning. One-off cooperative selection of data has been mathematically formalized as entropy-regularized optimal transport and the limiting behavior of myopic sequential interactions has been analyzed, both yielding theoretical and practical guarantees. We recast sequential cooperation with curriculum planning in a reinforcement learning framework and analyze performance mathematically and by simulation. We prove that infinite length plans are equivalent to not planning under certain assumptions on the method of planning, and isolate instances where monotonicity and hence convergence in the limit hold, as well as cases where it does not. We also demonstrate through simulations that argmax data selection is the same across planning horizons and demonstrate problem-dependent sensitivity of learning to the teacher's planning horizon. Thus, we find that planning ahead yields efficiency at the cost of effectiveness.  

 Adapt/Exchange decisions or generic choices: Does framing influence how people integrate qualitatively different risks?   
   
 Müller, Romy | ; 
  Blunk, Alexander 
    
 Do decision-makers' strategies of integrating different risks depend on framing? In the present study, participants were either instructed that they were choosing between two solutions to a complex problem or between two generic options. The former was framed as an industrial scenario that required choices between modifying and replacing a module (Adapt or Exchange). The risk was higher for Adapt to harm the product and for Exchange to harm the plant. Participants were either told that the consequences of both risks were equally severe (content-same group), or that harming the plant was worse (content-different group). A third group received a generic task framing (no-content group). We expected framing to affect risk integration, inducing different choices and strategies in the content-same than the no-content group. The data refuted this hypothesis, but decisions clearly diverged from the content-different group. These findings question whether ecological validity can be enhanced merely by framing.  

 Sorry! You lost me at restudy: The power of engagement during successive study   
   
 Carranza, Alejandro | ; 
  Geller, Emma H | ; 
  Rickard, Tim C 
    
 The benefit of retrieval practice over restudy has been demonstrated across a variety of materials and settings. However, past research regarding the efficacy of repeated retrieval practice over repeated restudy has failed to consider participant engagement during passive restudy. Over four rounds, participants studied a list of 76 word-pairs using passive or engaged restudy (answering a semantic yes/no question about each pair). Participants who restudied with semantic engagement performed markedly better on a final cued-recall test than those who used passive restudy. Our findings suggest that the benefit of testing in the current literature may be due in large part to widespread use of an inefficient form of restudy.  

 Frequency-Dependent Regularization in Mandarin Elastic Word Length   
   
 Reese, Skyler Jove | ; 
  Liu, Zoey | ; 
  Jasbi, Masoud | ; 
  Morgan, Emily 
    
 In English binomial expressions, ‚Äúbread and butter‚Äù is preferred over ‚Äúbutter and bread‚Äù. Morgan & Levy (2015) show that for these types of expressions, frequently used phrases tend to have stronger, more extreme preferences. In contrast, there is roughly an equal preference for ‚Äúbishops and rooks‚Äù versus ‚Äúrooks and bishops‚Äù, a much less common pairing. This paper extends this research to the concept of Mandarin elastic word length, a phenomenon in which most Mandarin words have long and short forms. We find evidence for frequency-dependent regularization in the elastic length of Noun-Noun compounds in Chinese, demonstrating that frequency-dependent regularization extends to structures with more than two alternations and to languages other than English.  

 Investigating Expert and Novice Programming Differences on Problems of Varying Complexity   
   
 Vorobeva, Maria | ; 
  Carim Bacor, Suhaylah B | ; 
  Kelly, Mary Alexandria 
    
 Programming is a complex problem-solving domain, requiring the coordination of different types of knowledge and skills. The present study investigates expert and novice programming problem solving by analyzing talk-aloud transcripts and the code generated. Based on this analysis a set of basic goal and step components used by novice and expert programmers are identified, which will inform on the generation of cognitive models in the next phase of this research.  

 Some but not all speakers sometimes but not always derive scalar implicatures   
   
 Ramotowska, Sonia | ; 
  Marty, Paul | ; 
  van Maanen, Leendert | ; 
  Sudo, Yasutada 
    
 Experimental studies show that the tendency to derive Scalar Implicatures (SIs) varies considerably between individuals: some individuals accept sentences that are literally true but carry a false SI, while others systematically reject them. The question of what factors drive these differences is crucial to understanding the mechanisms involved in SIs and currently at the center of numerous discussions. To date, there is no agreement on how to quantify individual differences in SI rates. In this article, we show how a hierarchical Bayesian modelling approach can be used to quantify subjects' preferences observed in the results of a truth value judgement task that investigated intra-individual and inter-individual variability in the rates of upper-bounding and lower-bounding SIs associated with the -scale. The results provide further evidence that the robustness of an SI is modulated within individuals by certain linguistic features, such as the presence of negation.  

 How can they both be right?: Faultless disagreement and semantic adaptation   
   
 Pecsok, Emily | ; 
  Aparicio, Helena 
    
 Disagreements are speech acts used by interlocutors to challenge previous assertions. When disagreements express subjective views, they can often be perceived as faultless. However, it is unclear whether accepting a disagreement as faultless causes comprehenders to update their own semantic representations of the predicate targeted by the disagreement. Using the vague quantifiers \textit{many} and \textit{few} as a case study, we find in two adaptation studies that participants shifted their meaning representations of the quantifiers after being exposed to disagreements that on average were more likely to be perceived as faultless. The adaptation strengthened the participants' baseline preferences, suggesting that even when a disagreement is judged to be faultless, there exists a perceived asymmetry in the plausibility of the two viewpoints under discussion.  

 Dynamics and Sociality of Synchronized Arousal between Dancer and Audience in Breakdance Battle Scenes   
   
 Shimizu, Daichi | ; 
  Tsuchida, Shuhei | ; 
  Ohnishi, Ayumi | ; 
  Terada, Tsutomu | ; 
  Tsukamoto, Masahiko 
    
 This study investigated heart rate synchronization (synchronized arousal) between performers and audience in a real-life dance battle. Although similar phenomena have been observed in some rituals, no studies have been conducted on art performances, such as dance and music. We organized a dance battle and measured the heart rate of both the dancers and the audience during the actual performance. The degree of heart rate synchronization was calculated using cross-recurrence plot/cross-recurrence quantification analysis. The results show that 1) heart rate synchronization between the dancers and audience does occur in dance battles, 2) the degree of heart rate synchronization varies depending on the social relationship between the dancers and audience, and 3) the degree of heart rate synchronization dynamically changes as the performance progresses. These findings suggest that embodied, physiological, and social aspects are involved in the process of performance sharing and appreciation.  

 Pragmatic Reasoning in GPT Models: Replication of a Subtle Negation Effect   
   
 Capuano, Francesca | ; 
  Kaup, Barbara 
    
 This study explores whether Large Language Models (LLMs) can mimic human cognitive processes, particularly pragmatic reasoning in language processing. Focusing on how humans tend to offer semantically similar alternatives in response to negated statements, the research examines if LLMs, both base and fine-tuned, exhibit this behavior. The experiment involves a cloze task, where the models provide completions to negative sentences. Findings reveal that chat models closely resemble human behavior, while completion models align worse with human responses. This indicates that mere linguistic input statistics might be inadequate for LLMs to develop behaviours consistent with pragmatic reasoning. Instead, conversational fine-tuning appears to enable these models to adopt behaviors akin to human pragmatic reasoning. This research not only sheds light on LLMs' capabilities but also prompts further inquiry into language acquisition, especially the role of conversational interactions in developing pragmatic reasoning.  

 Experimental Pragmatics with Machines: Testing LLM Predictions for the Inferences of Plain and Embedded Disjunctions   
   
 Tsvilodub, Polina | ; 
  Marty, Paul | ; 
  Ramotowska, Sonia | ; 
  Romoli, Jacopo | ; 
  Franke, Michael 
    
 Human communication is based on a variety of inferences that we draw from sentences, often going beyond what is literally said. While there is wide agreement on the basic distinction between entailment, implicature, and presupposition, the status of many inferences remains controversial. In this paper, we focus on three inferences of plain and embedded disjunctions, and compare them with regular scalar implicatures. We investigate this comparison from the novel perspective of the predictions of state-of-the-art large language models, using the same experimental paradigms as recent studies investigating the same inferences with humans. The results of our best performing models mostly align with those of humans, both in the large differences we find between those inferences and implicatures, as well as in fine-grained distinctions among different aspects of those inferences.  

 GPT-ology, Computational Models, Silicon Sampling: How should we think about LLMs in Cognitive Science?   
   
 Ong, Desmond 
    
 Large Language Models have taken the cognitive science world by storm. It is perhaps timely now to take stock of the various research paradigms that have been used to make scientific inferences about "cognition" in these models or about human cognition. We review several emerging research paradigms---GPT-ology, LLMs-as-computational-models, and "silicon sampling"---and review recent papers that have used LLMs under these paradigms. In doing so, we discuss their claims as well as challenges to scientific inference under these various paradigms. We highlight several outstanding issues about LLMs that have to be addressed to push our science forward: closed-source vs open-sourced models; (the lack of visibility of) training data; and reproducibility in LLM research, including forming conventions on new task "hyperparameters" like instructions and prompts.  

 Exploring scalar diversity through priming: A lexical decision study with adjectives   
   
 Lacina, Radim | ; 
  Gotzner, Nicole 
    
 When someone says 'My soup was warm', they are often understood as saying that it was warm, but not hot. This is assumed to arise via a scalar implicature. According to the standard assumption, 'warm' and 'hot' are in competition and by saying 'warm', we reason that the speaker did not intend to convey 'hot'. This exclusion of alternatives should apply uniformly to any expression that can be ordered on a scale. Yet there are substantial differences in the endorsement rates of the strengthened meaning between various scales. These could be due to the availability of expressions or to the underlying semantic structure. We use priming to measure how active in the mind lexical expressions are. Contrary to the standard assumption, the more an expression was primed, the less likely a scalar implicature was endorsed. We discuss how the semantic structure of adjectives can support pragmatic reasoning without lexical alternatives.  

 Episodic memory in causal reasoning about singular events   
   
 Rappe, Sofiia | ; 
  Werning, Markus 
    
 Recent literature often presents memory as ultimately dealing with the future‚Äìhelping the organism to anticipate events and increase its adaptive success. Yet, the distinct contribution of episodic (as opposed to semantic) memory to future-oriented simulations remains unclear. We claim that episodic memory yields adaptive success because of its crucial role in singular counterfactual causal reasoning, which thus far has been mostly ignored in the literature. Our paper presents a causal inference model based on the predictive processing framework and the minimal trace account of episodic memory. According to our model, evaluating the cause of an event involves (i) generating an episodic memory related to the said potential cause, (ii) constructing a counterfactual scenario through inhibition of the relevant part of the past episode, and (iii) temporal evolution followed by alternative model evaluation.  

 Distributional Language Models and the Representation of Multiple Kinds of Semantic Relations   
   
 Zhang, Jingfeng | ; 
  Willits, Jon 
    
 Distributional models (such as neural network language mod- els) have been successfully used to model a wide range of lin- guistic semantic behaviors. However, they lack a way to dis- tinctly represent different kinds of semantic relations within a single semantic space. Here, we propose that neural network language models can sensibly be interpreted as representing syntagmatic (co-occurrence) relations using their input-output mappings, and as representing paradigmatic (similarity) rela- tions using the similarity of their internal representations. We tested and found support for this hypothesis on four neural net- work architectures (SRNs, LSTMs, Word2Vec and GPT-2) us- ing a carefully constructed artificial language corpus. Using this corpus, we show that the models display interesting but understandable differences in their ability to represent these two kinds of relationships. This work demonstrates distribu- tional models can simultaneously learn multiple kinds of re- lationships, and that systematic investigation of these models can lead to a deeper understanding of how they work.  

 Concept Alignment as a Prerequisite for Value Alignment   
   
 Rane, Sunayana | ; 
  Ho, Mark K | ; 
  Sucholutsky, Ilia | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Value alignment is essential for building AI systems that can safely and reliably interact with people. However, what a person values---and is even capable of valuing---depends on the concepts that they are currently using to understand and evaluate what happens in the world. The dependence of values on concepts means that concept alignment is a prerequisite for value alignment---agents need to align their representation of a situation with that of humans in order to successfully align their values. Here, we formally analyze the concept alignment problem in the inverse reinforcement learning setting, show how neglecting concept alignment can lead to systematic value mis-alignment, and describe an approach that helps minimize such failure modes by jointly reasoning about a person's concepts and values. Additionally, we report experimental results with human participants showing that humans reason about the concepts used by an agent when acting intentionally, in line with our joint reasoning model.  

 Index Systems: Enumerating Their Forms and Explaining Their Diversity With Representational Interpretive Structure Theory   
   
 Cheng, Peter | ; 
  Garcia Garcia, Grecia | ; 
  Raggi, Daniel | ; 
  Jamnik, Mateja 
    
 Index systems are central to our everyday and intellectual lives. Their ubiquity and diversity make them an important class of cognitive artifacts, the study of which has implications for our understanding of representational systems in general. This paper builds schema-theoretic network models of the nature of the memory structures, that underpin the interpretation of indexing systems. We identify four common classes of index systems. Using Representation Interpretation Structure Theory, we ex-plain how the four basic classes can be responsible for the substantial diversity among index systems.  

 Interpretation of Novel Literary Metaphors by Humans and GPT-4   
   
 Ichien, Nicholas | ; 
  Stamenkoviƒá, Du≈°an | ; 
  Holyoak, Keith 
    
 Despite the exceptional performance of large language models (LLMs) on a wide range of tasks involving natural language processing and reasoning, there has been sharp disagreement as to whether their abilities extend to more creative human abilities. A core example is the interpretation of novel metaphors. Given the enormous and non-curated text corpora used to train LLMs, a serious obstacle to designing tests is the need to obtain novel yet high-quality metaphors that are unlikely to have been included in the training data. Here we assessed the ability of GPT-4, a state-of-the-art large language model, to provide natural-language interpretations of novel literary metaphors drawn from Serbian poetry and translated into English. Human judges‚Äîblind to the fact that an AI model was involved‚Äîrated metaphor interpretations generated by GPT-4 as superior to those provided by a group of college students. In interpreting reversed metaphors, GPT-4, as well as humans, exhibited signs of sensitivity to the Gricean cooperative principle. These results indicate that LLMs such as GPT-4 have acquired an emergent ability to interpret literary metaphors.  

 Context Effects on Word Association Production: A Semantic Warping Account   
   
 West, Stan | ; 
  Cox, Christopher R | ; 
  Haebig, Eileen 
    
 An important aspect of human cognition is our ability to adapt our behavior to changing situations and contexts. Semantic control is generally broken into two different modes acting at varying levels of domain specificity: general rule-based selection or contextually-altered semantic space. The current study examines how context shifts influence associative behavior across three context domains. We instructed participants to make word associations as if they were interacting with a toddler (i.e. child condition), interacting with a peer (i.e. peer), or to just produce short words. We found that participants in the child condition produced more child-directed speech than the other conditions. Specifically, these responses were shorter, acquired earlier and higher frequency and contextual diversity. Additionally, the child condition resulted in different representational similarity structure than the other two conditions, providing evidence for a context-effect that is less rule based and more akin to a flexible shifting of semantic space.  

 Exploring Analogical Asymmetry   
   
 Mo, Fanyi | ; 
  Gentner, Dedre 
    
 In similarity comparisons, people often show a preference for one direction over the other. Bowdle and Gentner (1997) proposed the base systematicity advantage account to explain this‚Äînamely, that people prefer similarity comparisons in which the more systematic item serves as the base. Results from a series of studies supported this account. However, the studies only covered literal similarity comparisons. The question of whether analogical comparison follows the base advantage pattern remained untested. Therefore, the present study investigated this question for analogical comparisons. We tested the prediction that a comparison will be preferred when the more systematic item serves as the base. This prediction was supported. We also found support for a further prediction: namely, that inferences were projected from the systematic to the less systematic passage. Further, these inferences spontaneously arose even when not requested. The overall results from these processes are consistent with the base systematicity advantage account.  

 Thinking in proportions rather than probabilities facilitates Bayesian reasoning   
   
 Loibl, Katharina | ; 
  Leuders, Timo 
    
 Bayesian reasoning tasks require processing data in proba-bilistic situations to revise risk estimations. Such tasks are difficult when data is presented in terms of single-event probabilities; the multiplicative combination of priors and likelihoods often is disregarded, resulting in er-roneous strategies such as prior neglect or averaging heu-ristics. Proportions (relative frequencies) are computation-ally equivalent to probabilities. However, proportions are connected to natural mental representations (so-called ra-tio sense). Mental representations of nested proportions (70% of 20%) allow for a mental operation that corre-sponds to a multiplicative combination of percentages. In two studies, we focused on the conceptual understanding underlying Bayesian reasoning by utilizing graphical rep-resentations without numbers (to avoid calculations with percentages). We showed that verbally framing Bayesian tasks in terms of proportions, as opposed to single-event probabilities, increased correct Bayesian judgment, and re-duced averaging heuristics. Thus, we claim, proportions can be regarded as a natural view on normalized Bayesian situations.  

 Measuring and Modeling Pursuit Detection in Dynamic Visual Scenes   
   
 Kon, Maria | ; 
  Khemlani, Sangeet | ; 
  Lovett, Andrew 
    
 Although we are generally good at observing a busy scene and determining whether it contains one agent pursuing another, we are not immune to making errors and may identify a pursuit when there is none. Further, we may have difficulty articulating exactly what information allowed us to determine whether there was a pursuit. To gain a better measure of when people correctly or erroneously detect pursuit, we designed a novel pursuit detection task. To compare performance given different strategies, we developed a cognitive model that can perform this task. The results of our pursuit detection experiment indicate that, indeed, people typically identify pursuit events correctly, but they make infrequent yet systematic errors for particular scenes. When the model implements specific strategies, simulation results are well correlated with empirical results. Moreover, the model makes the same errors as human participants. We show how the empirical results can be accounted for in terms of decision criteria indicated by high performing model strategies.  

 Extending the Locally Bayesian Learning Model to Exemplar-Based Categorization with Continuous Features   
   
 Chang, Yu-Wei | ; 
  Aytac, Sinem | ; 
  Mendoza Gonzalez, Cindy G | ; 
  Kalish, Michael | ; 
  Corral, Daniel 
    
 The Locally Bayesian Learning (LBL) approach bridges the gap between optimal Bayesian learning and suboptimal performance that arises from human behavior. Although this learning model has considerable potential, it has been underdeveloped and has remained in its original form for several decades. In this paper, we extend the original LBL model to an exemplar approach, which we refer to as the exemplar-LBL model. Two notable features of this extension are that (a) the model can take continuous features as inputs and (b) can conduct exemplar-based categorization. We report various simulations, which show that the model can generate numerous important predictions about category learning. Additionally, we introduce the extra-learning hypothesis, which can account for how classification and observation training can produce differential learning. Our results showcase scenarios under which classification training is superior to observation training and other instances in which the opposite occurs.  

 Perceptual Similarity and the Relationship Between Folk and Scientific Bird Classification   
   
 Wilson, Zoë Amanda | ; 
  Kemp, Charles 
    
 People from every culture observe the natural world in detail and organise it into categories, and Western biology builds on this universal impulse towards classification. Here we provide a quantitative analysis of factors that shape folk and scientific classification of birds from areas associated with three indigenous languages (Anindilyakwa, Tlingit, and Zapotec). We find that traditional Linnaean taxonomies align better with folk categories than do modern phylogenetic classifications, which suggests that human perception is responsible in part for the correspondence between Linnaean and folk taxonomies. Perceptual similarity is difficult to measure at scale, but we use the recently released AVONET database to develop a proxy for the perceptual similarity between pairs of birds and find that traditional Linnaean taxonomies and perceptual similarity both independently predict folk categories. Our results therefore provide quantitative evidence for the view that perceptual similarity influences both scientific and folk classification.  

 Comparing Theories that Posit a Role for Task Features in Strategy Selection   
   
 Xie, Xinyu | ; 
  Moss, Jarrod 
    
 Salient features of a task play an important role in how people create task representations which then influence strategy selection for accomplishing the task. We examined two theories, Represent-Construct-Choose-Learn (RCCL) and Rational Metareasoning (RM), both of which incorporate task features into their models of strategy selection. RCCL theory posits that when a strategy's success rate is low, it indicates that the task representation is not useful and those represented features are irrelevant in this case so people tend to drop these features from the task representation. Conversely, RM theory posits that strategy selection is based on consideration of all available features, with no discrete changes in the features incorporated into the task representation. A study was conducted to examine how participants changed their strategy choices based on the success rate of using a specific task feature. The results showed that neither theory aligned closely with empirical data.  

 Children track variability in adult attention and plan interventions accordingly   
   
 Wu, Shengyi | ; 
  Schulz, Laura 
    
 Prior research has shown that children are highly responsive to adults' attention, benefit from its presence, and suffer in its absence. However, not much is known about the extent to which children track other's attention to third parties, or the extent to which children actively make decisions and plans to engage adults' attention. In Experiment 1, we looked at whether children (mean: 5;11 range: 4;0-7;11) distinguished attentive and distracted adults in a minimal contrast where attention to a third party (a puppet) was all that varied and the adults were otherwise matched on affect, contingent responding, and other cues. Six- and seven-year-olds but not younger children predicted that the puppets would prefer the attentive adults. In Experiment 2, we looked at whether children (mean: 5;11 range: 4;0-7;11) tracked the co-variation between an adult's attentiveness and a puppet's topics of conversation. We found that older, but not younger children chose the puppets' next topic according to what the co-variation data indicated would best engage the adults' attention. These results suggest that by ages six and seven, but not earlier, children track adults' attention even in third-party contexts and can plan interventions to engage adults' attention.  

 Persuasiveness of arguments with AI-source labels   
   
 Teigen, Cassandra | ; 
  Madsen, Jens Koed | ; 
  George, Nicole Lauren | ; 
  Yousefi, Sayeh 
    
 This paper sought to understand the impact of labelling an argument as AI-generated compared to human-authored, and how factors such as portrayals of expertise and the nature of arguments presented (narrative versus statistical) may affect the persuasiveness of the arguments. Three domains were explored: health, finance, and politics. We show that arguments with AI source labels, both non-expert and expert, were rated by participants as less persuasive than when they had their counterpart human-authored source labels attached. Moreover, although the statistical arguments were found to be more persuasive than the narrative arguments, this did not affect the impact of an AI source label, with a significant interaction effect only being seen for the domain of politics for the expert AI source. The study explored the role of attitude towards AI on the impact of source labels as an exploratory analysis and found no significant interaction effect across the three domains.  

 A blocked learning curriculum reduces age-related deficits in memory   
   
 Ren, Xiangjuan | ; 
  Petzka, Marit | ; 
  Schuck, Nicolas 
    
 Age-related memory decline is a multifaceted and heterogeneous process. Previous studies on working memory and episodic memory have demonstrated that older participants' memory for item-context bindings (e.g. the location in which an object appeared) drops dramatically, while memory for individual items is relatively preserved. Here, we extend this research in two ways: first, we study memory for ordered object sequences with spatial context, rather than single objects. Second, we investigate how blocked versus interleaved learning curricula affect independent (or marginal) sequence memory (i.e., which objects appeared, and which spatial locations were seen) versus joint sequence memory (which objects appeared where) for older versus younger adults. Across two behavioral experiments with 108 younger (18-35 years) and 100 older (over 65 years) adults, we found better memory for object sequences than position sequences and worst performance for joint object-position sequence reports in both age-groups. Notably, age differences in memory performance followed the same pattern, being least pronounced for sequential object memory and most for joint object-position sequences. Changing the learning curriculum such that either object or spatial location sequences repeated across times, rather than occurring in an interleaved fashion, improved memory performance in both age groups, but had a stronger effect on older than younger adults, suggesting that blocked learning curricula can help older adults with reallocation of limited cognitive resources.  

 Practice what you preach: Consistent messages about the value of effort foster children's persistence   
   
 Wang, Elaine | ; 
  Radovanovic, Mia | ; 
  Sommerville, Jessica | ; 
  Leonard, Julia Anne 
    
 Young children are frequently exposed to mixed messages about the value of their effort: Educators talk about the importance of effort, but give rewards (e.g., grades) based on children's achievement. How do these mixed messages about effort influence children's motivation? Here, we presented 4- to 5-year-old children (N = 80) with an initial verbal message preaching about the importance of effort and generated mixed messages by rewarding participants either by their effort or performance across a series of visual search tasks. We found that children persisted longer on the immediate task, as well as on a novel, transfer task, when they received consistent versus mixed messages about effort. These findings suggest that congruent verbal- and reward-based messages about the value of effort foster children's persistence.  

 Ad Hoc Theories: How Social Interaction Helps Us Make Sense of the World   
   
 Jonusaite, Izabele | ; 
  Perez, Karla E | ; 
  Siegel, Max | ; 
  Schulz, Laura 
    
 In three experiments, we investigated the effect of repeated exposure and social interaction on adults' tendency to make sense of novel events. Specifically, we examined whether, across trials, participants' observations shifted from descriptive to explanatory, from specific to generic, became more inclined to reference causes, and more evaluative. We found that while there was an effect of repeated exposure on generalization and of social interaction on both explanation and generalization, the intervention that was most likely to shift adults' sense-making behavior was a communicative context of small groups in which each participant had partial and different knowledge. We suggest that this is because social contexts inherently motivate individuals to integrate new information, reconcile discrepancies, and forge efficient, generalizable concepts.  

 Word prediction is more than just predictability: An investigation of core vocabulary   
   
 Wang, Andrew | ; 
  De Deyne, Simon | ; 
  McKague, Meredith | ; 
  Perfors, Andrew 
    
 What words are central in our semantic representations? In this experiment, we compared the core vocabulary derived from different association-based and language-based distributional models of semantic representation. Our question was: what kinds of words are easiest to guess given the surrounding sentential context? This task strongly resembles the prediction tasks on which distributional language models are trained, so core words from distributional models might be expected to be easier to guess. Results from 667 participants revealed that people's guesses were affected by word predictability, but that aspects of their performance could not be explained by distributional language models and were better captured by association-based semantic representations.  

 The Attraction of Anticipation: How Causal Interactions Draw People's Attention in Visual Tasks   
   
 Chen, Tianshu | ; 
  Bechlivanidis, Christos | ; 
  Singmann, Henrik | ; 
  Lagnado, David 
    
 We observe causal relationships naturally and quickly in events that we experience in our life. The current research investigates if causal events like collisions attract our attention to other changes in objects involved in the causal event. Participants reported colour changes in two objects, one involved in a causal event (collision) and the other independent. Aligning with our expectation, we observed that participants are more likely to report the colour change involved in the causal event when it happened at the same time as the collision. Against our prediction however, we observed a similar effect when colour changes happened before the collision, while the difference was less strong when the colour changes happened after the collision. One possible explanation is that the effect stems from participants anticipating causal events, leading them to pay extra attention to objects potentially involved in collisions. This focused attention makes participants more likely to notice colour changes during the anticipation period, which means people are actively devoting more cognitive resources anticipating and confirming causal interactions. This finding suggests that people prioritise causal observations in visual search tasks.  

 Can Grammatical Gender Override Gender Stereotypes?   
   
 Galeraki, Nikoletta | ; 
  Orfanidou, Eleni 
    
 Empirical evidence shows that gendered languages influence speaker's perception of the gender of animate and inanimate nouns. In this framework, we aimed to explore whether gram-matical gender can override gender stereotypes. One hundred fourteen native Greek speakers whose second language was English were asked to match stereotypically male- and female-associated nouns presented in Greek or in their English trans-lation with a male or female face. The nouns denoted agency and communality. Participants were presented with nouns both congruent and incongruent in terms of conceptual and gram-matical gender. Responses for both Greek and English nouns were provided consistently with gender stereotypes. Critically, although responses were not dominated by grammatical gender, for female-associated nouns, the presence of grammatically masculine gender reduced female responses. Moreover, participants assigned a male face faster for male-associated nouns than for female associated nouns irrespective of grammatical gender.  

 Decoding Emotions in Abstract Art: Cognitive Plausibility of CLIP in Recognizing Color-Emotion Associations   
   
 Widhoelzl, Hanna-Sophia | ; 
  Takmaz, Ece 
    
 This study investigates the cognitive plausibility of a pretrained multimodal model, CLIP, in recognizing emotions evoked by abstract visual art. We employ a dataset comprising images with associated emotion labels and textual rationales of these labels provided by human annotators. We perform linguistic analyses of rationales, zero-shot emotion classification of images and rationales, apply similarity-based prediction of emotion, and investigate color-emotion associations. The relatively low, yet above baseline, accuracy in recognizing emotion for abstract images and rationales suggests that CLIP decodes emotional complexities in a manner not well aligned with human cognitive processes. Furthermore, we explore color-emotion interactions in images and rationales. Expected color-emotion associations, such as red relating to anger, are identified in images and texts annotated with emotion labels by both humans and CLIP, with the latter showing even stronger interactions. Our results highlight the disparity between human processing and machine processing when connecting image features and emotions.  

 Children Track Probabilistic Information in Speech Differently from Adults   
   
 Weng, Yi-Lun | ; 
  Schneider, Julie | ; 
  Qi, Zhenghan 
    
 Language learning is a sophisticated process as learners need to detect and extract rich regularities embedded in the continuous speech inputs. Children, compared to adults, appear to learn languages more effortlessly. Nevertheless, early studies in implicit statistical learning revealed little developmental differences between children and adults. Recent work has found the speed of statistical learning in adults is associated with their neural sensitivity to probabilistic information in speech. It is not well understood, however, whether children share similar or different underlying neural processes for probabilistic information compared to adults. Specifically, are children similar to faster or slower adult statistical learners, or neither of them? In the current study, children aged between 5 and 12 completed a passive auditory oddball task, where they listened to syllables at different local and global frequency of occurrence. We used two neurophysiological measures, auditory mismatch responses (MMR) and late discriminative negativity (LDN) to compare children's sensitivity to distributional probabilities in speech with adults. We found that children were more sensitive to probabilistic information in speech inputs at both the local and the global level than both faster and slower adult statistical learners. Moreover, unlike adults who integrate probabilistic information across global and local hierarchies, children seem to process different levels of probabilistic information in parallel.  

 Numeral Modification and Framing Effects: exactly and at most vs up to   
   
 Claus, Berry | ; 
  Walch, Marie Christin 
    
 This study investigated modulation of risky-choice framing (RCF) and attribute framing (AF) effects by numeral modi-fication. In Experiment 1, in which the numerals were mod-ified with (the German equivalent of) exactly to enforce a precise reading, there were significant RCF and AF effects. Experiment 2 and 3 addressed the effects of (the German equivalents of) at most and up to. Both modifiers set an upper bound. Yet, they exhibit a sharp contrast in evalua-tive contexts. In Experiment 2, there was a significant inter-action of modifier and frame for RCF, with a reversed framing effect for at most and a standard framing effect for up to. The modifier-by-frame interaction effect was repli-cated in Experiment 3 for AF. To explain framing effects with bare and modified numerals, we propose a semantic-pragmatic account in terms of salience and valence.  

 An Intuitive Physics Approach to Modeling Melodic Expectation   
   
 Nguyen, Breanna K. | ; 
  Yildirim, Ilker 
    
 Humans have an intuitive understanding of music. We can predict the ensuing notes of a melody given the first few notes, but what exactly drives these predictions? Previous research on musical cognition explores probabilistic models of melody perception where a melody's structure can be inferred given its surface. Other research theorizes about ‚Äúmusical forces‚Äù, forces that are analogous to how we represent the physical world, and which inform the way we form expectations about music. We propose a single model of melodic expectation that combines both ideas using a structured generative model and sequential Monte Carlo inference. The generative model formalizes these musical forces, and combined with inference, enables predicting the last note of a melody given the beginning notes. This model explains human performance in an existing dataset of melodic predictions. The model explains more variance than its ablations, and suggests an ‚Äúintuitive physics‚Äù basis for melodic expectation.  

 Greta is a female director: When gender stereotypes interact with informativity expectations   
   
 Hao, Hailin | ; 
  He, Muxuan | ; 
  Fuchs, Zuzanna 
    
 Our world knowledge is deeply embedded in language. The word ‚Äúbanana‚Äù immediately brings to mind the color ‚Äúyellow‚Äù. Oftentimes, however, when we read about ‚Äúbanana‚Äù, we do not expect the color ‚Äúyellow‚Äù to be explicitly mentioned as in ‚Äúyellow banana‚Äù. Frequent omission of obvious information given our world knowledge is predicted by so-called informativity expectations, which capture our preferences for newsworthy and informative utterances. Here we present two studies investigating informativity expectations in a socially situated context of gender stereotypicality and testing whether expressions like ‚Äúfemale nurses‚Äù are less preferred than expressions like ‚Äúfemale directors‚Äù. While the results show a clear impact of informativity expectations, effects of gender stereotypes turn out to be difficult to overcome.  

 Production of Syntactic Alternations Displays Accessibility But Not Informativity Effects   
   
 Goodwin, Emily | ; 
  Degen, Judith 
    
 This paper explores how speakers choose between two utterance alternatives with similar syntactic properties and distinct yet related meanings. We consider the interaction of two speaker pressures: to mention accessible lexical items early in the utterance and to mention informative content early in the utterance, the latter of which is explicitly predicted by an incremental Rational Speech Act (IRSA) model. In Exp. 1, we observed a significant effect of accessibility on utterance choice in an online spoken production task, which elicited descriptions of the relationship between two entities using a provided verb. We found that making entities more accessible via foregrounding led speakers to mention them earlier. In Exp. 2, an interactive production task, both informativity and foregrounding were manipulated. While IRSA predicts more informative content to be mentioned earlier in the sentence, we observed neither significant effects of informativity nor of accessibility. Consistent with recent work on Good-Enough theories of production, we conclude that even when two sentences are not entirely meaning-equivalent, production choices can be affected by lexical accessibility; the pressure to mention informative material early, however, should be investigated further  

 Effects of Context on the Use of Descriptive Verbs   
   
 Dobreva, Radina | ; 
  Keller, Frank | ; 
  Birch, Alexandra 
    
 Action descriptions can include or omit various types of information. In this paper, we are interested in the inclusion of manner in verbs. We use the concept of descriptive verbs, first introduced by Snell-Hornby (1983), and hypothesise that the use of descriptive verbs is reliant on having enough context to determine if the descriptive verb is correct and preferred as opposed to a more general non-descriptive verb. We conduct two online experiments in which participants are asked to indicate their preference for a verb after seeing varying amounts of textual and visual context. Our results show that textual context does not contribute to verb choice. However, we find evidence that videos contain information which creates agreement between participants, suggesting there are objective reasons to choose a descriptive or non-descriptive verb.  

 Investigating Object Permanence in Deep Reinforcement Learning Agents   
   
 Voudouris, Konstantinos | ; 
  Liu, Jason Darwin | ; 
  Siwinska, Natasza | ; 
  Schellaert, Wout | ; 
  Cheke, Lucy G 
    
 Object Permanence (OP) is the understanding that objects continue to exist when not directly observable. To date, this ability has proven difficult to build into AI systems, with Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) systems performing significantly worse than human children. Here, DRL Agents, PPO and Dreamer-v3 were tested against a number of comparators (Human children, random agents and hard coded Heuristic agents) on three object permanence tasks (OP) and a range of control tasks. As expected, the children performed well across all tasks, while performance of the DRL agents was mixed. Overall the pattern of performance across OP and control tasks did not suggest that any agent tested except children showed evidence of robust OP.  

 Personality Traits, Locus of Control, and Susceptibility to Social Influence in Agency Judgments   
   
 Carstensen, Mark Wulff 
    
 It has been suggested that sense of agency might be jointly affected by situational and inter-individual factors. In this study, we examine if personality traits and locus of control beliefs can explain inter-individual differences in both (1) sense of agency and (2) how susceptible people are to social influence in relation to their agency judgments.. To test this, we employ measures for the Big Five Personality Traits and Levenson's Locus of Control in combination with a task based on an interactive computer game. We manipulate sensorimotor agency cues related to action control as well as the social information communicated to participants. Our findings show that while locus of control beliefs are related to differences in sense of agency, neither big five personality traits nor locus of control beliefs can account for participants' interpersonal variance in susceptibility to social influence.  

 ChatGPT and the Illusion of Explanatory Depth   
   
 Elsayed, Yomn | ; 
  Verheyen, Steven 
    
 The recent surge in the use of AI-powered chatbots such as ChatGPT has led to new challenges in academia. These chatbots can enable student plagiarism and the submission of misleading content, undermining educational objectives. With plagiarism detectors unreliable in the face of this issue, educational institutions have been struggling to update their policies apace. This study assesses the effectiveness of sending warning messages - a common strategy used to discourage unethical use of ChatGPT - and investigates the use of the illusion of explanatory depth (IOED) paradigm as an alternative intervention. An international sample of students was asked to rate their understanding of, likelihood to use, and moral stance toward ChatGPT-generated text in assignments both before and after either reading a cautionary university message or explaining how ChatGPT works. Results showed that the explanation task did lead to the expected reduction in ratings of understanding, but despite this, neither moral acceptability nor likelihood to use decreased along with it. Similarly, reading the cautionary message neither resulted in a change in likelihood to use nor in moral acceptability, although it unexpectedly increased ratings of understanding. The results suggest that tackling students' understanding of ChatGPT is insufficient when it comes to deterring its unethical use, and that future interventions might want to have students reflect on moral issues surrounding the use of AI-powered chatbots.  

 "I should have known!" How foreseeability influences children's experiences of regret   
   
 Jones, Alicia K | ; 
  Gautam, Shalini | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 People often experience regret when we consider counterfactuals to our past actions, which can help us improve our future behaviours. However, existing developmental measures of regret typically involve no means of foreseeing the eventual outcome, which means that any reported experiences of regret may not aid children in making better choices in similar future situations. We investigated if 4- to 9-year-olds (N = 144) experienced stronger regret towards a choice where they could have foreseen the eventual outcome. Children selected one box each from two pairs of boxes, with both selected boxes leading to sub-optimal outcomes. Critically, one pair of boxes had windows on the bottom, such that children could have apparently foreseen the sub-optimal outcome of their choice if only they had first looked underneath the boxes. Not until 8 years of age did many children feel worse about the box selection with the foreseeable outcome.  

 Children expect adults to hold gender stereotypes, even when they are not accurate   
   
 Asaba, Mika | ; 
  Zhang, Marianna Y. | ; 
  Leonard, Julia Anne 
    
 Gender stereotypes are early-emerging and harmful for young children. However, it is unclear how children reason about other people's gender stereotypes, especially when they differ from children's own beliefs. Across two preregistered experiments (total n=271), we tested whether 5- to 7-year-old children expect teachers to give engineering games to boy students and story games to girl students, even when children themselves know that these are not students' true preferences. Experiment 1 found that participants were more likely to predict that a teacher would give students stereotypical games when the teacher did not know (versus did know) the students' true counter-stereotypical interests. In Experiment 2, when the students expressed interest in both games, 6- and 7-year-olds selectively predicted that teachers would give students whom they had just met stereotypical games. Thus, by the time children enter school, they think that adults hold gender stereotypes, even if children know these stereotypes are inaccurate, which may impact children's learning and decision-making in the classroom.  

 Number In Perspective: Why is it Hard for Preschoolers to Attribute False Belief About Numerosity?   
   
 Jakab, Zoltan | ; 
  Kiss, Szabolcs 
    
 In this paper we report an investigation of how concepts of integer number combine with those of mindreading. We used tasks that require explicit thought and verbal responses, and examined children between 6-10 years of age. We designed four experiments to look at the intersection of quantification and mindreading in development using two combination tasks: (i) visual perspective taking and number; (ii) false belief and number. In both, children needed to coordinate between simple mathematical operations (counting and addition), and reconstructing an agent's visual or mental perspective. Although all preschoolers were proficient in counting, and the majority of them passed the false-belief task, the false belief and number task proved surprisingly difficult, and was not mastered before age 8. After briefly discussing theories of concept combination, we offer a performance-based explanation of this difficulty.  

 Differential Cognitive Effects of Extended Hypoxia   
   
 Halverson, Tim | ; 
  Blacker, Kara J | ; 
  Harshman, Sean | ; 
  Myers, Christopher 
    
 This research investigates the impact of prolonged oxygen deprivation (approximately 40 minutes) on foundational cognitive capacities such as attention, declarative memory, and executive control. Data was analyzed from twenty one participants under normoxic and hypoxic conditions performing the psychomotor vigilance test, a paired associates task, and the change signal task. Hypoxia delayed simple visual response times and reduced response inhibition throughout the entire protocol. On the scale of minutes, false starts tended to increase across blocks when participants were hypoxic, but this effect did not carry across blocks. Finally, declarative memory performance was initially unaffected. However, after approximately 20 minutes, hypoxia nearly reversed gains from the first 20 minutes while performance under normoxic conditions continued to improve. The results show a differential susceptibility of different cognitive processes to hypoxia at different time scales and support the use of PVT as a diagnostic for decrements attributed to hypoxia.  

 Modelling metric violations in (geometric) conceptual spaces   
   
 Kaushik, Karthikeya Ramesh | ; 
  Thompson, Bill 
    
 Understanding how people represent similarity relations between concepts is one of the most fundamental problems in cognitive science, with implications for many theories of learning and reasoning. Human judgments of similarity violate basic metric assumptions, leading to effects such as judgment asymmetry and the triangle inequality. These effects have been difficult to capture with modern geometric representations of conceptual structure such as vector embeddings. Here we introduce a similarity function related to a feature-based view of concepts. We show how this function can be applied to geometric representations and that the resulting algorithm can account for classic judgment effects. Using representations extracted from a Large Language Model, we computed the predictions of this approach to similarity relations among a set of everyday concepts (world countries), and evaluated these predictions against human judgments of similarity in a behavioral experiment. The model's predictions correlate with human judgments. These results offer insight into human judgments of similarity relations and the design of algorithms that align with human reasoning.  

 Data-driven cognitive skills with an application in personalized education   
   
 Taatgen, Niels | ; 
  Hoekstra, Corné | ; 
  Blankestijn, Jori 
    
 How can we explain that people are capable of performing new tasks with no or little instruction? Earlier work has proposed that new tasks can be acquired by a rapid composition of cognitive skills, and implemented this in the ACT-R and PRIMs cognitive architectures. Here, we discuss a possible application of rapid composition in building tutoring systems. The goal is to identify underlying skills through unsupervised machine learning from a dataset of arithmetic learning for students in a Dutch vocational program. The resulting skill graph is used as a basis for a tutoring system. The results show evidence for predictive power of the system and tentative evidence of a learning benefit compared to control groups.  

 Productivity and Creative Use of Compounds in Reduced Registers: Implications for Grammar Architecture   
   
 Smirnova, Anastasia 
    
 Reduced registers ‚Äì search queries, print and TV ads, and navy messages ‚Äì are characterized by an unusually high number of novel compounds. Results of a production study reported here reveal combinatorial patterns not attested in the standard language and allow us to establish the range of possibilities. We argue that productivity and creative use of compounds in reduced registers is not coincidental but follows directly from the grammar that generates expressions in these registers. We adopt an analysis couched in the Parallel Architecture framework (Jackendoff, 1997; Jackendoff & Audring, 2016) and demonstrate how productivity and idiosyncrasy of compounds in reduced registers can be explained.  

 Two heads are better than one: the use of social cognitive offloading in working memory in six-year-olds and adults   
   
 Cheng, Chen | ; 
  Zhang, Hongdian 
    
 Cognitive offloading becomes increasingly essential with the advancement of AI-powered technology, as it helps to free up mental resources and optimize overall performance. To better understand how children offload cognitive resources to external intelligent agents, the present study attempted to examine the use of social cognitive offloading in children and adults in a working memory task. 6-year-old children (Experiment 1) and adults (Experiment 2) completed a working memory task that required remembering 5 or 7 colored circles. We investigated whether and how children's and adults' working memory performance changed in the presence of a virtual agent who always remembers two of the colors within a trial (that participants could ask for help with). Results showed that both children's and adults' memory performance benefited from the introduction of a virtual agent. Furthermore, the use of the cognitive offloading strategy was dependent on the memory load.  

 Modulate the Face Inversion Effect (FIE): Using transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) to reduce and enhance the FIE.   
   
 Civile, Ciro | ; 
  McCourt, Siobhan | ; 
  Guangtong, Wang 
    
 We report a large study (n=120) investigating the effects of tDCS at Fp3 on the FIE. We used a double-blind design with subjects randomly assigned to one of the three tDCS groups and then engaged with a recognition task involving upright and inverted faces. Group 1 (control), subjects first received sham tDCS in the study phase (learning) followed by sham tDCS in the recognition phase; Group 2, subjects received anodal tDCS in the study phase followed by sham tDCS in the recognition phase; Group 3, subjects received anodal tDCS in the study phase followed by cathodal tDCS in the recognition phase. Group 2's results confirmed that anodal tDCS reduces the FIE vs. sham (Group 1) by disrupting performance for upright faces. Importantly, Group 3's results revealed that cathodal tDCS applied after anodal, increased the FIE vs. Group 2, bringing it back to control, by enhancing performance for upright faces. These results reveal that the negative effects of anodal tDCS on the FIE can be reversed by cathodal tDCS.  

 Variability in communication contexts determines the convexity of semantic category systems emerging in neural networks   
   
 Nedelcu, Vlad C | ; 
  Lassiter, Daniel | ; 
  Smith, Kenny 
    
 Artificial neural networks trained using deep-learning methods to solve a simple reference game by optimizing a task-specific utility develop efficient semantic categorization systems that trade off complexity against informativeness, much like the category systems of human languages do. But what exact type of structures in the semantic space could result in efficient categories, and how are these structures shaped by the contexts of communication? We propose a NN model that moves beyond the minimal dyadic setup and show that the emergence of convexity, a property of semantic systems that facilitates this efficiency, is dependent on the amount of variability in communication contexts across partners. We use a method of input representation based on compositional vector embeddings that is able to achieve a higher level of communication success than regular non-compositional representation methods, and can achieve a better balance between maintaining the structure of the semantic space and optimizing utility.  

 Bridging (and Elaborating on) the Achievement Gap   
   
 Feller, Daniel P. | ; 
  Kruger, Ann Cale | ; 
  Magliano, Joe P 
    
 Researchers have long been interested in understanding and closing the ‚Äúreading gap‚Äù that exists between White and racially marginalized students. This study explored whether group differences in inference strategies (i.e., bridging and elaboration) and comprehension performance existed among college readers. Three hundred college participants who self-identified as White, Black, or Hispanic completed a think-aloud task along with measures of reading proficiency and comprehension. Results from hierarchical regression models indicated that group differences in elaborative strategies were present, but differences in bridging strategies and comprehension performance disappeared when foundational skills in reading were included in the models. The results are explained in terms of inequities in educational experiences prior to entering college.  

 On Structure, Dynamics, and Adaptivity for Biological and Mental Processes: a Higher-Order Adaptive Dynamical System Modeling Perspective   
   
 Treur, Jan 
    
 To conceptualise biological and mental processes, often a dynamical systems perspective is suggested. In addition to dynamics, the structure of the contextual makeup or world configuration (of an organism or brain) plays a crucial role too, as well as adaptivity of the processes. This paper provides a conceptual perspective where the structure, dynamics, and adaptivity of these processes are distinguished and related to each other via adaptive dynamical systems. Moreover, it is shown how networks can be used to represent this conceptual perspective. Here an adaptive dynamical system of any order of adaptivity can be covered where any level can exert control over the level below. The approach is illustrated by case studies for higher-order adaptive evolutionary processes. One of these case studies shows a fifth-order adaptive dynamical system that models how due to bad environmental influences at a young age, epigenetic effects can lead to a lifelong mental disorder.  

 Exogenous Self-Blame Modulates Charitable Giving   
   
 Arroyo, Lucila | ; 
  Liljeholm, Mimi 
    
 The current study used a real-time interactive ‚Äúadvisor-decider‚Äù task, in which advice given by one participant results in an onerous workload for another participant, to show that self-conscious affect based on performance in one domain shapes decisions to engage in prosocial behavior in an unrelated domain: Advisors that performed at or worse than the norm, in terms of giving incorrect advice, made more frequent subsequent charity donations. Intriguingly, when advisors were given social information about their performance relative to the norm, this pattern was reversed, such that advisors that performed worse than the norm made less frequent donations. We interpret this finding as reflecting a shift in the emotion driving the behavior, from guilt to shame. Consistent with this interpretation, trait measures of guilt proneness but not of shame proneness predicted an increase in both the probability and magnitude of donations.  

 Temporal Shaping and the Event/Process Distinction   
   
 Wadle, Douglas | ; 
  Bansal, Devansh | ; 
  Wellwood, Alexis C 
    
 Studies of visual event individuation often consider people's representations of activities involving agents performing complex tasks. Concomitantly, theories of event individuation emphasize predictions about agents' intentions. Studies that have examined simple, non-agential occurrences leave open the possiblity that principles of visual object individuation play a role in visual event individuation. Unearthing principles that may be sufficient for event individuation which are distinct both from predictions about agents' intentions and from visual object individuation, we draw on and extend studies that reveal object and event representation to be deeply analogous in our cognitive economy. We provide evidence that ‚Äòtemporal shaping' is a sufficient low-level perceptual criterion for the visual individuation of events. In our study, temporal shaping is effected by the introduction of pauses into an otherwise continuous process. Future studies should address other visual mechanisms for introducing temporal shaping (e.g., color changes).  

 Generating Distributed Randomness using Artificial Neural Networks   
   
 Church, Kinsey A | ; 
  Bolic, Marija | ; 
  Chartier, Sylvain 
    
 Suppose you are asked to choose randomly between left or right 100 times, would you expect the average of your choices to be roughly even or to have a bias? In the literature, human randomness falls on a spectrum from being close to unbiased to very biased in random choices. To create a model with a neural implementation of human randomness, unsupervised artificial neural networks were used to generate a random representation of binary numbers. These random representations were tested with both orthogonal and correlated stimuli as inputs and the properties of all outputs are discussed. An example of how to bias this generated randomness to model different cognitive processes is shown under two conditions, where random decisions are biased for desired outcomes and for list exhaustion (random sampling without replacement). Other possible uses for this method of generating randomness in cognitive modelling are discussed.  

 How taking turns communicates desired equality in social relationships   
   
 Chen, Alicia M | ; 
  Saxe, Rebecca 
    
 When people perform generous acts for each other, they can balance out relative benefits by alternating who is generous. When and why do they do this? Here we test the explanation that sequences of generosity regulate social relationships. We find that people selectively expect reciprocal generosity in equal (vs. hierarchical) relationships, use reciprocal generosity to infer the presence of an equal relationship, and critically expect that people reciprocate generosity in order to communicate a desire for a (more) equal relationship. In a formal planning model, reciprocal generosity can emerge from the value of communicating desired equality.  

 Effects of causal structure and evidential impact on probabilistic reasoning   
   
 Konuk, Can | ; 
  Navarre, Nicolas | ; 
  Mascarenhas, Salvador 
    
 We compare two perspectives on base-rate neglect (Kahneman & Tversky, 1973) in probabilistic judgment. The evidential impact perspective derives it from humans' focus on the impact of evidence on belief, rather than conditional probabilities. The Causal Models perspective derives it from humans' inability to integrate information that is causally opaque as base-rates often are in such experiments. Because causal and evidential-impact relations are often concomitant and confounded we designed an experiment that specifically teases apart their respective influence on probabilistic judgment. Our results support a combination of the two perspectives, with causal transparency influencing the degree to which one engages in evidential impact reasoning strategies.  

 Rapid parallel processing dynamics during hierarchical category decisions   
   
 Trach, Juliana E. | ; 
  McDougle, Samuel David 
    
 Objects in the world are represented at multiple hierarchical levels of abstraction. For example, you can identify a four-legged creature as an animal, or a dog, or specifically as a Cocker Spaniel. While there has been extensive work examining the relationships between hierarchical category levels, it is unclear how such representations interact during categorization. That is, do individuals process category levels serially or are category levels processed in parallel during categorization? Here, we had participants learn categorization rules for four categories of novel creatures. We examined patterns of errors that participants made in a forced response task, where we manipulated the amount of time participants had to make responses on a trial-by-trial basis. Our results indicate that participants process category levels in parallel, rather than serially resolving superordinate levels before subordinate levels. Parallel processing of category levels could underpin the remarkable flexibility with which we access and deploy category information.  

 Spontaneous use of external resources in verbal problem solving is rare but beneficial   
   
 Ross, Wendy | ; 
  Arfini, Selene 
    
 There are two foundational assumptions that underlie research in interactivity. First, that resources external to the human agent should support problem-solving and other cognitive activities and second, that human agents naturally engage in this form of offloading when they are allowed to. We aimed to test whether participants would naturally engage with external resources, without prompting, in four types of simple verbal problems and whether the level of engagement was affected by expertise or the experience of impasse. We found that very few people naturally engaged external resources apart from with mathematical problems where it had a benefit. There was no difference in expertise in problem-solving between those who did and those who did not use external props and nor was there a significant difference in the proportion of people using external resources as a function of experiencing impasse. These results suggest that researchers in interactivity need to focus on how and when interactivity is both engaged and provides a benefit.  

 Revealing human planning strategies with eye-tracking   
   
 Callaway, Frederick | ; 
  Yu, Miaomiao | ; 
  Mattar, Marcelo G 
    
 Most recent research on human planning attempts to adjudicate between a small set of hypothesized models based on their ability to predict participants' choices, using carefully designed experiments and/or model comparison. Here, we propose an alternative approach. We designed a task in which gaze is highly indicative of participants' planning operations, allowing us to discover properties of human planning from eye-tracking data in a data-driven way. Our results reveal ways that people's planning strategies have both similarities and differences with classical planning algorithms like best-first search and Monte Carlo tree search. They also provide a more nuanced perspective on previously proposed properties of human planning like pruning and depth limits. We conclude that planning research would benefit greatly from an increased use of rich sources of data that provide more direct evidence about the internal processes underlying sequential decision-making.  

 Exploring the Predictive Power of Eye Movements on Insight Problem Solving   
   
 Creel, Emily | ; 
  Moss, Jarrod 
    
 The precise mechanisms precipitating the process of representational change in problem solving have been investigated for nearly a century. One current hypothesis is that analyzing the unchanging elements of previous attempts may facilitate restructuring. We investigated this hypothesis by providing solvers with three common examples of unsuccessful problem attempts, their own problem attempts, or no previous attempts. The prior attempts conditions eliminated the need to rely on working memory to access previous unsuccessful attempts. While there was no evidence for an overall effect of the prior attempts conditions, cognitive reflection was identified as a reliable predictor of restructuring and solving. Eye-tracking data were collected to further investigate the contributions of these systems to fixations while solving. The current study is an exploratory analysis of this data, with analyses focusing on participants' fixations on problem-irrelevant space and unsuccessful attempts.  

 Perceived Vocal Congruence Varies Across Gender Identities   
   
 De Livio, Chiara | ; 
  Mazzuca, Claudia | ; 
  fini, chiara | ; 
  Borghi, Anna 
    
 This study investigates vocal congruence across populations with different gender identities. Forty-four participants completed a self-voice perception task in three conditions (Silent Reading, Reading Aloud, and Listening to their recorded voice) after reading gender-stereotyped priming texts. Our findings show that transgender and gender non-conforming participants experience lower vocal congruence listening to their outer voice compared to cisgender participants, and they perceive their inner voice as more congruent to the self. Results confirm the role of interoceptive sensibility on general voice congruence perception, suggesting that it varies across gender identities. Further research is needed to deepen the relationship between inner experience and voice perception and to disentangle the reciprocal relationship between self-identity and self-voice perception.  

 Tracking Lexical Knowledge of Concepts Unique to Singapore English Among Speakers of Singapore English   
   
 Siew, Cynthia S.Q. 
    
 This paper presents prevalence norms collected from a representative sample of Singapore English speakers for a set of 240 concepts unique to Singapore English. Prevalence refers to the proportion of people who know or recognize a particular concept. Because large-scale, diachronic language corpora are scarce for non-standard varieties of English, the present study aims to establish the collection of prevalence norms from a cross-sectional sample as a potential alternative for tracking changes in word usage patterns over time. Preliminary analyses indicate that lexical knowledge of Singapore English concepts differs across gender, age, and ethnic groups. In particular, while most concepts are generally well known, some concepts are better known by younger participants and others are better known by older participants. These results underline the dynamic nature of Singapore English vocabulary and demonstrate how simple psycholinguistic tasks could be used to study lexical change in under-resourced languages and varieties.  

 The Effect of Perceived vs. Factual Knowledge on Exploration   
   
 Fang, Yijin | ; 
  Yang, Huiying | ; 
  Christie, Stella 
    
 Exploration and exploitation decision-making are crucial cognitive processes, often guided by an individual's knowledge state. The information gap theory posits that lesser knowledge enhances exploration, yet the differential impacts of factual versus perceived knowledge on exploration preferences are not thoroughly understood. This research aims to bridge this gap by independently manipulating factual and perceived knowledge to assess their separate effects on exploration behaviors. Through three studies, we discovered that individuals with less factual knowledge explored more intensely and for longer durations, but only when they were explicitly aware of their information gaps. Furthermore, our findings reveal that the perception of insufficient knowledge can trigger increased exploration, independent of the factual knowledge possessed. Our studies illuminate the significant impact of metacognitive states on exploration preferences, advancing our understanding of how people decide whether to explore or exploit.  

 Spatial Term Variety Reflected in Eye Movements on Visual Scenes   
   
 Acarturk, Cengiz | ; 
  Ertekin, Seyma Nur 
    
 Verbal descriptions of spatial configurations open a window to a specific aspect of visual cognition relevant to the interpretation of topological relations in the visual world. The present study reports an experimental investigation of the production of spatial prepositions by human participants while they verbally described visual stimuli within a stimuli battery commonly utilized in relevant research. The analysis of participants' eye movements revealed a relationship between the variety of spatial terms in the given language and native speakers' fixation patterns on the stimuli. A broader spectrum of spatial expressions, describing the same visual scene, is related to longer and more frequent fixations on the stimuli. The findings reflect cognitive processes, as indicated by oculomotor control variables, related to the verbal expression of spatial relationships.  

 Can we Google That?: Children's Beliefs about the Capacities of Three Technological Devices   
   
 Girouard-Hallam, Lauren | ; 
  Danovitch, Judith 
    
 This study examines 205 4- to 12-year-old children's beliefs about the abilities of three technological informants (the internet as a whole, Google search, and Amazon's Alexa smart speaker) to answer questions about celebrity and non-celebrity people and near future and far future events. The results indicate that, with increasing age, children increasingly indicate that these sources can accurately answer questions about near future events and celebrities but not about non-celebrities or far future events. Although children increasingly indicate that these sources cannot tell them about everyday people, the oldest children in the sample believe that the internet is more likely to be able to tell you about non-celebrities than Alexa or a Google search. Children's understanding of the capacities of technology change with age and information type, perhaps reflecting changes in children's experiences online. Implications for children's learning and understanding of privacy are discussed.  

 The Transferability of Explanation-Induced Knowledge Reassessment   
   
 Wilson, Julianne | ; 
  Marsh, Jessecae K. 
    
 When someone realizes they do not actually know how a can opener works, do they think it is just a one-time bout of overconfidence? Or, do they assume they lack understanding of all the devices in their home? Causal knowledge is a fundamental part of both daily functioning and long-term learning. Previous studies have shown that writing out a causal explanation has the ability to induce knowledge reassessment and decrease inflated perceptions of knowledge specific to the concept being explained. However, the generalization of this knowledge reassessment has only recently been explored. In this preregistered experiment, we used the Illusion of Explanatory Depth (IOED) paradigm to see whether a decrease in perceived understanding of an explained item affects the perceived understanding of an item that was not asked to be explained. We also assessed the effect of explanation quality on this transfer of knowledge. Results showed that knowledge reassessment for explained items led to an even greater reassessment for unexplained items, suggesting possible overgeneralization. While explanation quality influenced knowledge reassessment for explained items, it did not for unexplained items. We discuss the possible reasons for these results as well as future studies to help understand the boundaries of knowledge reassessment.  

 Backward reasoning through AND/OR trees to solve problems   
   
 Olieslagers, Jeroen | ; 
  Bnaya, Zahy | ; 
  Li, Yichen | ; 
  Ma, Wei Ji 
    
 Whether travelling, playing games, or debugging code, any situation where an agent desires change can be framed as a problem. Despite this ubiquity, there is no unifying framework describing how people reason backwards when solving problems. We introduce AND/OR trees, which chain together subgoals and actions to attain them, as a way to represent this process. To investigate whether actions from AND/OR trees were predictive of human behavior, we conducted a study in which participants solved deterministic, long-horizon puzzles. AND/OR trees were able to explain most of the actions the participants took. Next, we modeled search through these trees using a psychologically plausible, single-parameter search algorithm. We fit this model to the data of individual participants and found that it captures trends in summary statistics of human play. Our results show the promise of AND/OR trees as a representation for backward reasoning in problem solving.  

 Dissociated Responses to AI: Persuasive But Not Trustworthy?   
   
 Aydin, Zeynep | ; 
  Malle, Bertram F. 
    
 Empirical work on people's perceptions of AI advisors has found evidence for both ‚Äúalgorithm aversion‚Äù and ‚Äúalgorithm appreciation.‚Äù We investigated whether these differing reactions stem from two different paths of processing: assessing the content of the advice and evaluating the source (AI vs. human advisor). In two survey studies, people were as strongly persuaded by the advice of an AI as that of a human advisor; nonetheless, people's approval of and trust in the AI advisor was consistently lower. This pattern of dissociation suggests that algorithm aversion and algorithm appreciation can occur at the same time, but along different response paths.  

 The Role of Salience in Multialternative Multiattribute Choice   
   
 Hasan, Eeshan | ; 
  Trueblood, Jennifer 
    
 Attention plays a central role in multi-alternative multiat- tribute decision-making but the cognitive mechanisms for it are elusive (Yang & Krajbich, 2023; Molter, Thomas, Huet- tel, Heekeren, & Mohr, 2022; Trueblood, 2022). In this project, we explored the role of bottom-up attention by manipulating the salience of different options in a multi-alternative, multi-attribute choice display. Behaviorally, we observed that salience interacts with choice, where the salient option is selected more often, especially in quick decisions. Using computational modeling, we tested two different hypotheses for how salience impacts decision-making for different individuals. We tested (i) if salience created an initial bias in the decision-making process, and (ii) if salience impacted the comparisons that are made during the decision-making process. We find that there are large individual differences in the mechanism through which salience impacts choice. For many individuals, there was no impact of salience. However, for a sizable minority, salience created an initial boost in selecting the salient option. We do not find strong evidence for the impact of salience in the comparison process. In exploratory analyses, we observe that the impact of salience in decision-making is correlated with thinking styles. Our results indicate that salience-driven attention might impact decision-making in different ways for individuals.  

 Exploring the Discrepancy between Explicit and Implicit Keyboard Memory: The Role of Linguistic and Sensorimotor Context   
   
 Stockner, Mara | ; 
  Mazzoni, Giuliana | ; 
  Ianì, Francesco 
    
 Memory for the QWERTY keyboard has been shown to be a good experimental paradigm to test the relationship between explicit and implicit memory as, despite high typing proficiency in young students nowadays, explicit knowledge of the keyboard seems to remain scarce. In our experiment, we investigate the relationship between implicit and explicit keyboard memory by asking participants to find the 21 letters of the Italian alphabet on a blank QWERTY keyboard (explicit task) and then perform a procedural (implicit) task by typing short paragraphs. Results showed significantly lower explicit (compared to implicit) accuracy. To investigate the role of linguistic context in the implicit task, we compared these results with a subset from Experiment 1 in Ianì et al. (2024), who used a single letter procedural task, illustrating a decline in implicit performance between the two experiments. Our findings suggest the importance of linguistic and sensorimotor contextual factors for procedural knowledge.  

 Animacy and attention play different roles in children's language production   
   
 Dolscheid, Sarah | ; 
  Penke, Martina 
    
 While effects of animacy and attention have been studied quite extensively in adult speakers, less is known about their role in child language production. In the present study we fill this gap by testing German-speaking preschool children in two language production tasks using eye-tracking. We find that animacy does neither affect the production of transitive sentences nor the production of conjoined noun phrases. By contrast, we find significant effects of attentional orienting. Children were more likely to first fixate an entity when it had been preceded by a visual cue and was hence in their focus of attention. While this held true across tasks, attentional orienting only affected children's production of conjoined noun phrases but not the production of transitive sentences. Effects of attentional orienting therefore seem conditioned by language production affordances. In sum, our findings provide new evidence that animacy and attention play different roles in children's language production.  

 Information foraging in human-ChatGPT interactions: factors of computational thinking dissociate exploration and exploitation   
   
 Flores, Pablo | ; 
  Cowley, Benjamin | ; 
  Rong, Guang 
    
 LLMs can interact as though they understand language, yet they remain algorithms and can be used as such. This study explores a novel guided interaction design for modeling users' information foraging behavior when navigating GPT-generated content and the role of Computational Thinking skills in shaping such behavior. Conducted with nine educational researchers in a doctoral-level AIEd course, our research used editable prompt templates and keywords to structure the prompt crafting process. We modeled and analyzed participants' behaviors in terms of \textit{exploration} (to generate and explore various information landscapes) and \textit{exploitation} (to delve deeper in a specific landscape). Our data, including responses from the Computational Thinking Scale, suggests that Algorithmic Thinking and Creativity might encourage exploitation behavior, leaning more on AI-generated information rather than pre-defined design elements.  

 Bar Tip Limit Error and Characteristics of Drawn Data Distributions on Bar Graphs   
   
 Cui, Lucy | ; 
  Wang, Ching-Yi | ; 
  Wang, Yiwei | ; 
  Li, Peike | ; 
  Kini, Medha | ; 
  Liu, Zili 
    
 Bar graphs are commonly used graphs, but what do students infer about the data that created the bar graph? Previously, a drawing task revealed that a minority of students conflate mean bar graphs with count bar graphs and draw all data points within the bar of a mean bar graph (bar tip limit error, BTLE). The present study extends this literature by manipulating the instructional text for the drawing task, interviewing the participants on their drawings, and recording their drawings and drawing session for further analysis. While we did not see any differences in the BLTE rates across instructional conditions, we did see significant differences in their drawing explanations and drawn data distributions based on condition, and in their drawing explanations based on whether they expressed confusion and whether they committed the BTLE. We discuss possible explanations and their implications.  

 Towards Conscious RL Agents By Construction   
   
 Nachkov, Asen 
    
 The nature of consciousness has been a long-debated concept related to human cognition and self-understanding. As AI systems become more capable and autonomous, it is an increasingly pressing matter whether they can be called conscious. In line with narrative-based theories, here we present a simple but concrete computational criterion for consciousness grounded in the querying of a virtual self-representation. We adopt a reinforcement learning (RL) setting and implement these ideas in SubjectZero, a planning-based deep RL agent which has an explicit virtual self-model and whose architecture draws similarities to multiple prominent consciousness theories. Being able to self-localize, simulate the world, and model its own internal state, it can support a primitive virtual narrative, the quality of which depends on the number of abstractions that the underlying generative model sustains. Task performance still ultimately depends on the modeling capabilities of the agent where intelligence, understood simply as the ability to model complicated relationships, is what matters.  

 Computational characterization of the role of an attention schema in controlling visuospatial attention   
   
 Piefke, Lotta Marlen | ; 
  Doerig, Adrien | ; 
  Kietzmann, Tim | ; 
  Thorat, Sushrut 
    
 How does the brain control attention? The Attention Schema Theory suggests that the brain explicitly models its state of attention, termed an attention schema, for its control. However, it remains unclear under which circumstances an attention schema is computationally useful, and whether it can emerge in a learning system without hard-wiring. To address these questions, we trained a reinforcement learning agent with attention to track and catch a ball in a noisy environment. Crucially, the agent had additional resources that it could freely use. We asked under which conditions these additional resources develop an attention schema to track attention. We found that the more uncertain the agent was about the location of its attentional window, the more it benefited from these additional resources, which developed an attention schema. Together, these results indicate that an attention schema emerges in simple learning systems where attention is important and difficult to track.  

 Breaking Focus: The impact of disruptive distractions on academic task performance   
   
 Rettstatt, Jenny | ; 
  Brand, Daniel | ; 
  Ragni, Marco 
    
 Over time, there has been a change in how students acquire and exchange information, with laptops and smartphones becoming increasingly important. The use of technology has evolved from being restrained du to the classroom to being crucial due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As education shifts towards hybrid models, students are now expected to learn at home, which can be challenging as excessive technology usage and a lack of self-discipline can lead to more distractions. This paper examines the effects of the influence of these distractions with the help of two concepts similar to assignments in students' lives: text comprehension & memorization, as well as example-based learning, in which the function of an apparatus was to be tested and described. The results show that distraction does not affect text comprehension but decreases information retention. Additionally, participants required more trials and repetitions to understand schemes in example-based learning when distracted.  

 An Infant-Cognition Inspired Machine Benchmark for Identifying Agency, Affiliation, Belief, and Intention   
   
 Li, Wenjie | ; 
  Yasuda, Shannon C | ; 
  Dillon, Moira Rose | ; 
  Lake, Brenden 
    
 Human infants have remarkable abilities to reason about the underlying and invisible causes that drive others' actions. These abilities are at the core of human social cognition throughout life. Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems continue to fall short in achieving this same commonsense social knowledge. Recent benchmarks focusing on social cognition and theory of mind have begun to address the gap between human and machine social intelligence, but they do not fully consider the social reasoning required to understand scenarios with multiple interacting agents. Building on such benchmarks, we present eight new tasks focusing on different early social competencies, as informed by behavioral experiments with infants. We use a self-supervised Transformer model as a baseline test of our new tasks, and in addition, we evaluate this model on a previous social-cognitive benchmark. While our model shows improved performance on the previous benchmark compared with other data-driven models, it performs sub-optimally on our new tasks, revealing the challenge of learning complex social interactions through visual data alone.  

 Simulation as a tool for formalising null hypotheses in cognitive science research   
   
 Keogh, Aislinn | ; 
  Pankratz, Elizabeth 
    
 The default null hypothesis in typical statistical modelling software is that a parameter's value is equal to zero. However, this may not always correspond to the actual conditions that would hold if the effect of interest did not exist. In two case studies based on recent research in cognitive science and linguistics, we illustrate how data simulation can shed light on unspoken, sometimes even incorrect, assumptions about what the null hypothesis is. In particular, we consider information-theoretic measures of how learners regularise linguistic variability, where the null condition is not always equal to zero change, and an investigation of a cognitive bias for skewed distributions based on the assumption that, without such a bias, distributions would always remain uniform. All in all, simulating null conditions not only improves each researcher's understanding of their own analysis and results, but also contributes to the practice of "open theory". Formalising one's assumptions is, in itself, an important contribution to the scientific community.  

 Exploring the Gratton and Proportion Congruency Effects in a Parity/Magnitude Task-Switching Paradigm: Implications for the Conflict-Driven Control Model   
   
 Öztürk, Kadriye Rüveyda | ; 
  Taç, Kaan Berk | ; 
  Atalay, Nart Bedin 
    
 We investigated the Gratton effect and the proportion congruency effect using a parity/magnitude task-switching paradigm. In our study, participants decided the parity or magnitude of a digit. These tasks alternated across trials. Congruency was defined as the match between the stimulus-response rules of the current task with the other task. Therefore, there was no irrelevant dimension, no conflict within the stimulus, or no focus on the relevant dimensions. Conflict-driven control directs the conflict that arises when multiple, competing rules are held in working memory. Importantly, the stimulus-response contingency remains the same across different levels of conflict. We observed both the proportion congruency effect and the Gratton effect in both reaction times and error rates. Our results suggest that the conflict-driven control incorporates conflict between rules, arising from holding conflicting rules in immediate memory. Contingency learning alone cannot fully explain the the proportion congruency effects observed in our task-switching¬†paradigm.  

 Does Working Memory Load Influence the Prioritization Effect by Affecting the Consistency of Attention?   
   
 Rahgosha, Pouria | ; 
  Moss, Jarrod 
    
 The way working memory, attention, and long-term memory interact is an important question given the role these cognitive systems play in many tasks. In this paper, we present a study examining prior counterintuitive results that show that prioritization of some stimuli aids learning but hurts performance at a delayed test. In this study, we use eye tracking to measure attention consistency, to examine the effect of prioritization and working memory load on recall accuracy. The goal was to assess two possible explanations of the negative effect of prioritization on a delayed test. Our results indicate that prioritization reduces response time and increases accuracy during learning of associations. However, the negative effect of prioritization on a delayed test is replicated with participants showing higher accuracy for non-prioritized items during testing. Measures of attention shifting and consistency impact learning performance but do not explain the negative prioritization effect at test.  

 Event-General Conceptual Categories Organize Verb Semantics and Acquisition Cross-linguistically   
   
 Lee, Sarah Hye-yeon | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna 
    
 Languages vary in the ways they package the conceptual components of motion events into verbs. In a series of experiments, we examined the use of event-general conceptual categories of MANNER and RESULT during verb learning. We tested the accessibility of these concepts within and across domains of spontaneous motion and caused motion events, in speakers of typologically different languages (English and Spanish). Our results indicate that learners can adapt new lexicalization biases that may differ from those present in their own native language, and generalize them to novel instances of the same class of verbs. Furthermore, our data also indicate that under certain contexts, learners can transfer these newly learned biases to a different event domain, suggesting that event-general conceptual categories are psychologically available to learners.  

 If it looks like online control, it is probably model-based control   
   
 Straub, Dominik | ; 
  Rothkopf, Constantin 
    
 The interception of moving targets is a fundamental sensorimotor task involving perception and action. For this task, the dominant approach has been to model the behavioral dynamics using online control laws such as the constant bearing angle strategy, which explain behavior without assuming internal models. Here, we derive a Bayesian model-based optimal control model of an interception task and compare it against the constant bearing angle strategy. First, we show that both models equivalently capture average trajectories, suggesting that observing the interception trajectories in an experiment cannot adjudicate between the two models. However, including realistic levels of perceptual uncertainty, motor variability, and sensorimotor delays leads online control without an internal model to quickly deteriorate in interception performance. We conclude that the empirically observed robustness of the constant bearing angle strategy speaks against a direct coupling of environmental variables and behavior, but instead implies some form of internal model.  

 Uncovering the Rules of Entity-Level Robotic Working Memory   
   
 Sousa Silva, Rafael | ; 
  Williams, Tom 
    
 Working Memory (WM) is a necessary component for models of human cognition and human-inspired robot cognitive architectures. Different theories explain how the limited capacity of WM should be maintained, including theories of forgetting through decay and interference. Yet, it is unclear how WM models informed by these theories might be used to inform robot cognition, and how they might shape robots' ability to engage in natural, situated, language-based interactions. To resolve this tension, in this work we consider entity-level, feature-based WM systems that can be integrated into robot cognitive architectures to reflect both decay- and interference-based dynamics. We demonstrate how different parameterizations of these WM strategies have fundamentally different error modes in different interaction contexts. We formulate rules that inform the selection of decay and interference parameters to be used in contexts with different factors that are important for language-based interaction.  

 Probabilistic and Selectional Biases in Ambiguity Resolution during Real-time Sentence Processing   
   
 Fujita, Hiroki 
    
 This study examines the influence of lexical frequency bias and selectional constraints on the resolution of complement ambiguity during sentence processing. Some argue that in complement ambiguity resolution, lexical frequency bias and selectional constraints lead to the clausal complement before disambiguation, while others claim that the nominal complement is maintained until the disambiguating verb appears. The present study investigates this issue in two reading experiments using a temporal adjunct. The results suggested the rapid influence of lexical frequency bias and selectional constraints. However, the temporal adjunct introduces a bias towards the nominal complement, and ultimately overrides the influence of the lexical frequency bias and selectional constraints. These results suggest that processing preferences dynamically change, influenced by multiple biases.  

 Compositionality in Chinese Characters: Evidence from English-speaking Children   
   
 Tang, Min | ; 
  Liu, Rongzhi | ; 
  Xu, Fei 
    
 Compositionality is a core property of language: the meaning of sentences is derived from the meanings of individual words and rules for combining their meanings (Partee, 1984). Human adults have been shown to make compositional generalizations across many domains such as language, visual concept learning, and sequence learning. Few studies have investigated conceptual compositionality in young children. In two experiments with English-speaking 5- to 8-year-old children who have not been exposed to Chinese characters, we found that after a brief training session, they were able to generalize the newly learned radical-meaning pairs to new characters compositionally. Our results suggest that by age 5, children can make meaningfully compositional generalizations.  

 Discriminating real from A.I.-generated faces: Effects of emotion, gender, and age.   
   
 Duffy, Sean | ; 
  August, Antoine | ; 
  Wisniewski, Kate 
    
 This paper reports two studies examining participants' identification accuracy in discriminating real faces from realistic ‚Äúartificial‚Äù faces created through the Artificial Intelligence (AI) system StyleGAN. Across the two studies, two different sets of participants (N = 400) attempted to distinguish 24 real from 24 AI-generated images. Both sets of participants exhibited poor discrimination accuracy and a bias to report all images as real (Study 2). We examined other possible influencing factors were examined, such as smile intensity (Study 1) and age-congruence between participants and faces (Study 2). Implications for future research, and for understanding the potential societal impacts of AI-generated online content are discussed.  

 Group problem solving: Diversity versus diffusion   
   
 Jonard, Nicolas | ; 
  Reijula, Samuli | ; 
  Marengo, Luigi 
    
 Several recent contributions to the research on group problem solving suggest that reducing the connectivity between agents in a social network may be epistemically beneficial. This notion stems from the idea that collective problem-solving behavior may benefit from the transient diversity in agents' beliefs due to increased individual exploration and decreased social influence. At the same time, however, lower connectivity hinders the diffusion of good solutions between network members. Our simulation findings shed light on this trade-off. We identify conditions under which the less-is-more effect is likely to manifest. Our findings suggest that a community consisting of semi-isolated groups could provide an answer to the tension between diversity and diffusion.  

 Opinion Averaging versus Argument Exchange   
   
 Hahn, Ulrike | ; 
  Assaad, Leon | ; 
  Burton, Jason W. 
    
 Opinion averaging is a common means of judgment aggregation that is employed in the service of crowd wisdom effects. In this paper, we use simulations with agent-based models to highlight contexts in which opinion averaging leads to poor outcomes. Specifically, we illustrate the conditions under which the optimal posterior prescribed by a normative model of Bayesian argument exchange diverges from the mean belief that would be arrived at via simple averaging. The theoretical and practical implications of this are discussed.  

 Is the asymmetry in negative strengthening the result of adjectival polarity or face considerations?   
   
 Jeong, Sarang | ; 
  Potts, Christopher | ; 
  Degen, Judith 
    
 Sentences with negated adjectives receive a stronger interpretation than given by their semantics, a phenomenon called negative strengthening. It has been reported that inherently positive adjectives display a higher degree of negative strengthening than inherently negative adjectives. We investigate two possible causes of this asymmetry: intrinsic adjectival polarity and face considerations. Results of an experiment where face-related factors were manipulated suggest that both polarity and face contribute to the asymmetry. Extending a probabilistic RSA model of polite speech, we formalize the listener's reasoning about a speaker's use of negated adjectives as a tradeoff between expecting a speaker to maximize both an utterance's social and informational utility, while avoiding inherently costly adjectives.  

 Structure and process-level lexical interactions in memory search: A case study of individuals with cochlear implants and normal hearing   
   
 Kumar, Abhilasha | ; 
  Kang, Mingi | ; 
  Kronenberger, William G. | ; 
  Jones, Michael N. | ; 
  Pisoni, David 
    
 Searching through memory is mediated by complex interactions between the underlying mental lexicon and the processes that operate on this lexicon. However, these interactions are difficult to study due to the effortless manner in which neurotypical individuals perform cognitive tasks. In this work, we examine these interactions within a sample of prelingually deaf individuals with cochlear implants and normal hearing individuals who were administered the verbal fluency task for the "animals" category. Specifically, we tested how different candidates for underlying mental lexicons and processes account for search behavior within the verbal fluency task across the two groups. The models learned semantic representations from different combinations of textual (word2vec) and speech-based (speech2vec) information. The representations were then combined with process models of memory search based on optimal foraging theory that incorporate different lexical sources for transitions within and between clusters of items produced in the fluency task. Our findings show that semantic, word frequency, and phonological information jointly influence search behavior and highlight the delicate balance of different lexical sources that produces successful search outcomes.  

 A high-dimensional semantic space of emotion representations support circumplex structure   
   
 Mishra, Sudhakar | ; 
  Srinivasan, Narayanan | ; 
  Tiwary, Uma Shanker 
    
 Emotion space models are frameworks that represent emotions in a multidimensional space, providing a structured way to understand and analyze the complex landscape of human emotions. However, the dimensional representation of emotions is still debatable. In this work, we are probing the higher dimensional space constituted by emotion labeling done by participants from India on multimedia stimuli.Our approach formalizes the study of emotion in the investigation of representational state spaces capturing semantic variation in emotion-related response.We have created a high-dimensional space of emotional ratings by participants to represent emotional stimuli. Using t-SNE, we have projected the higher dimensional space into two dimensions. We observed that the structure of emotional categories and clusters formed of these emotional categories is similar to Russell's circumplex model. The transition from the blended complex emotional states to the discrete emotional states is projected out from the centre, and discrete emotional states occur in the periphery.  

 Co-speech gestures complement motion state information expressed by verbs   
   
 Kimura, Hina | ; 
  Yasuda, Tetsuya | ; 
  Kobayashi, Harumi 
    
 Verbs in progressive aspect can be used for different motion phases of people or objects. For example, ‚ÄúA cat is falling‚Äù can describe either the beginning of, or on-going, or the ending of the falling of the cat. Then do people spontaneously use different co-speech gestures according to different motion phases when they use the same progressive verb in speech? This study investigated Japanese speakers' co-speech gestures used with a progressive verb in Japanese (verb + progressive morpheme -teiru), focusing on the paths of produced gestures. The paths were analyzed according to the direction (vertical or horizontal) or trajectory (arc or straight). The results showed that the participants' use of co-speech gestures differed when they expressed different motion phases (beginning or ending). The study suggests that gestures can compensate the motion phases of agents that may not be described by language.  

 Self-Other Perspective Taking and the Development of Perspective Understanding   
   
 Wolf, Julia 
    
 Historically the view has dominated that infants are initially egocentric and that the ability to take the perspectives of others is a cognitive achievement only reached later in development. Against this, Southgate (2020) has recently argued that even young infants are able to take the perspective of others and that this perspective is encoded more strongly than their own perspective. I focus on three elements of Southgate's proposal: a) children are initially altercentric, b) once they develop a self-awareness they become egocentric and c) early forms of perspective taking do not require perspective understanding. While I agree with c) and the criticism of the assumption that infants must start off being egocentric, I will argue that there is evidence that young children are not predominantly altercentric either. Instead, which perspective is activated is dependent on the situational context. I develop a proposal of this using the mental files framework.  

 Co-Simulations of Brain Language Processing using Neural Language Models   
   
 Angius, Nicola | ; 
  Perconti, Pietro | ; 
  Plebe, Alessio | ; 
  Acciai, Alessandro 
    
 This paper provides an epistemological and methodological analysis of the practice of using neural language models to simulate brain language processing. Firstly, neural language models are introduced; a study case showing how neural language models are being applied in cognitive neuroscience for simulative purposes is then presented; after recalling the main epistemological features of the simulative method in artificial intelligence, it is finally examined how the simulative method is modified when using neural language models. In particular, it is argued that the epistemic opacity of neural language models requires that the brain itself be used to simulate the model and to test hypotheses about the model, in what is called here a co-simulation.  

 Cognitive Science is (largely) Psychological Science   
   
 Abburu, Akhil | ; 
  Mukherjee, Sumitava 
    
 Cognitive science has historically been introduced as a multidisciplinary and, sometimes, an interdisciplinary study of the mind. Recent critical views of the field have questioned the foundational core and its multidisciplinary nature by suggesting that psychology has come to dominate cognitive science. As these are actively debated issues, we need further investigations. This study examines the degree of overlap between cognitive science and psychological science by comparing article keywords and departmental affiliations of authors extracted from flagship journals over the past decade (2012-2022). The results reveal that over 50% of published authors stem from psychology departments. The topics of study between the two remain quite similar as well. However, network analyses found fragmentation in terms of the methodological approaches and a considerable focus by the community of cognitive scientists on formal modeling. Based on the topics and socio-institutional analysis, we suggest that cognitive science is largely (cognitive) psychology. Implications for the field of cognitive science and its claims of multidisciplinarity are discussed.  

 Prompting invokes expert-like downward shifts in GPT-4V's conceptual hierarchies   
   
 Leong, Cara Su-Yi | ; 
  Lake, Brenden 
    
 Humans tend to privilege an intermediate level of categorization, known as the basic level, when categorizing objects that exist in a conceptual hierarchy (e.g. choosing to call a Labrador a dog instead of Labrador or animal). Domain experts demonstrate a downward shift in their object categorization behaviour, recruiting subordinate levels in a conceptual hierarchy as readily as conventionally basic categories (Tanaka & Philibert, 2022; Tanaka & Taylor, 1991). Do multimodal large language models show similar behavioural changes when prompted to behave in an expert-like way? We test whether GPT-4 with Vision (GPT-4V, OpenAI, 2023a) and LLaVA (Liu, Li, Wu, & Lee, 2023; Liu, Li, Li, & Lee, 2023) demonstrate downward shifts using an object naming task and eliciting expert-like personas by altering the model's system prompt. We find evidence of downward shifts in GPT-4V when expert system prompts are used, suggesting that human expert-like behaviour can be elicited from GPT-4V using prompting, but find no evidence of downward shift in LLaVA. We also find that there is an unpredicted upward shift in areas of non-expertise in some cases. These findings suggest that in the default case, GPT-4V is not a novice: instead, it behaves at default with a median level of expertise, while further expertise can be primed or forgotten through textual prompts. These results open the door for GPT-4V and similar models to be used as tools for studying differences in the behaviour of experts and novices, and even comparing contrasting levels of expertise within the same large language model.  

 Feedback Promotes Learning and Knowledge of the Distribution of Values Hinders Exploration in an Optimal Stopping Task   
   
 Bugbee, Erin H. | ; 
  Gonzalez, Cleotilde 
    
 People frequently encounter the challenge of deciding when to stop exploring options to optimize outcomes, such as when selecting an apartment in a fluctuating housing market or booking a dinner reservation on New Year's Eve. Despite experiencing these decisions on multiple occasions, people often struggle to stop searching optimally. This research investigates human learning abilities in optimal stopping tasks, focusing on feedback and knowledge of option value distributions. Through an experimental sequential choice task, we demonstrate that experience improves performance, with feedback significantly influencing learning. We also find that awareness of the value distribution reduces the duration of the search. A cognitive model accurately predicts these effects, shedding light on human learning processes.  

 Deceptive deception: disfluencies are incorrectly interpreted as cues to deceptive speech   
   
 Pistono, Aurélie | ; 
  De keersmaecker, Bram | ; 
  Hartsuiker, Robert 
    
 There is no consensus in the literature about the role of disfluencies as cues to deception. The current study used an interactive picture-description game to collect speech data of speakers and veracity assessments of listeners engaged in a socially meaningful interaction. The paradigm was implemented so that not only statement veracity (i.e., true or false) could be analysed, but also speaker intention (i.e., wanting or not wanting to be believed) and listener decision (i.e., believing or not believing the speaker). The goal was to test whether veracity, intention, and decision could be predicted based on disfluency patterns, using Multivariate Pattern Analysis. We observed that veracity and intention could not be predicted above chance on the basis of disfluency features, while listeners based their decision on these patterns. These results suggest that listeners wrongly interpret disfluencies as cues to deception.  

 Examining the Relationship Between Selective Attention and the Formation of Learning Traps   
   
 Liu, Yanjun | ; 
  Newell, Ben | ; 
  Lee, Jaimie E | ; 
  Hayes, Brett 
    
 Selective attention to predictive cues is often considered an efficient way to address the exploration-exploitation dilemma in decision-making. Yet in some circumstances, it can also lead to sub-optimal decision-making due to false beliefs about the environment acquired early in learning - a learning trap. In this study, we examined the relationship between attention selectivity and the emergence of a one-dimensional learning trap in a multidimensional categorization learning task. Combining empirical work (N=75) and computational modeling, we find that more selective attention, especially in the early phase of learning, increases the likelihood that an individual will fall into a learning trap. This finding sheds light on the causal role of attentional biases in the way that individuals explore and learn about choice-options.  

 Moderating Effect of Novelty Seeking Trait on the Usefulness Undervaluation Bias in Creative Products Evaluation   
   
 Hattori, Eline Aya | ; 
  Yamakawa, Mayu | ; 
  Miwa, Kazuhisa 
    
 The present study examines the effects of novelty seeking (NS) personality trait on the undervaluation of product creativity, specifically the tendency to undervalue the usefulness of novel ideas or products, a bias termed ‚Äúusefulness undervaluation bias‚Äù. Creativity is defined by novelty and usefulness, and it has been reported that there is a bias to undervalue the usefulness of novel creations due to uncertainty in judging it. In this study, two studies were conducted to determine whether individuals with high NS are reduced in this bias. Study 1 confirmed that individuals with higher NS rated creativity more positively, consistent with previous findings on openness to experience. Study 2 showed that raters with higher NS were less likely to underrate the usefulness of novel products, suggesting that NS moderates the relationship between perceived novelty and usefulness. These findings indicate that personality trait, especially NS, play an important role in creativity evaluation.  

 Rates of Spiritual Presence Events   
   
 Schille-Hudson, Eleanor Brower | ; 
  Weisman, Kara | ; 
  Luhrmann, Tanya 
    
 In this paper, we catalog the rates at which people report spiritual presence events: phenomenal experiences understood by the perceiver to imply the presence of a spiritual being. We draw on four large datasets (total N=3150) collected in the US, Ghana, Thailand, China, and Vanuatu, including participants from a range of religious backgrounds. This yields what is, to our knowledge, an unprecedented ‚Äúepidemiology‚Äù of spiritual presence events across diverse cultural settings. While some events vary dramatically in their rates of endorsement across cultural settings, other events are relatively common across all five settings, and still others are relatively rare across settings. In general, the most common events center on ordinary experiences of one's own inner life, while events that hinge on near-tangible perceptions of presence and hallucination-like events involving outer sensory experiences are relatively rare. In sum, local culture shapes but does not fully determine the architecture of spiritual experience.  

 Procedural and Declarative Category Learning Simultaneously Contribute to Downstream Processes   
   
 Kalra, Priya B. | ; 
  Batterink, Laura | ; 
  Minda, John Paul 
    
 Studies on interactions between procedural and declarative learning have focused on largely on competition during encoding, consolidation, or use (retrieval). Less attention has been paid to interactions between the representations created by each system. In a behavioral study, we demonstrated that information from both declarative and procedural learning can contribute to response selection. Participants were instructed to use a completely diagnostic, verbalizable, shape-based rule to categorize exemplars and received feedback after each trial. However, the categories also differed probabilistically in their color distributions. Participants used both color (learned procedurally) and shape (learned declaratively) to categorize exemplars, making faster responses when both sources indicated the same category judgement, and slower when they conflicted. Debriefing confirmed that most participants were unaware of the color distributions (aware participants were analyzed separately). This result suggests that both the color (procedural) and shape (declarative) information contributed to response selection.  

 Error in Sequential Action: An Evaluation of a Competence Model   
   
 Cooper, Richard P 
    
 The Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) is commonly used to assess executive (dys-)function, particularly in neuropsychological patients. Performance on the test typically yields two types of error: perseverative errors, where participants persist in applying an inferred rule despite negative feedback, and set-loss errors, were participants cease applying an inferred rule despite positive feedback. The two types of error are known to dissociate. In this paper we apply an existing model of the WCST -- the model of Bishara et al. (2010) -- to a novel dataset, focussing specifically on the distribution of the two types of error over the duration of the task. Using Maximum Likelihood Estimation to fit the model to the data, we argue that the model provides a good account of the performance of some participants, but a poor account of individual differences. It is argued that this is because the model is essentially a competence model which fails to incorporate performance factors, and that accounting for the different types of error, and in particular the error distribution during the task, requires incorporating performance factors into the model. Some consequences of this for the broader enterprise of developing normative competence models are discussed.  

 Action Observation Influences Scene Perception in 18-Month-Olds   
   
 Blesic, Maja | ; 
  Kovacs, Agnes 
    
 Understanding how infants perceive real-world scenes and the type of information they rely on when recognizing different kinds of scenes remains unexplored. In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between action and scene information in infants. In a preferential looking paradigm, 18-month-olds were exposed to several trials in which they observed a human performing a given action and a subsequent simultaneous display of two scenes. One of the scenes was congruent with the action, representing the environment where the action is more likely to occur, whereas the other was incongruent. Results revealed a significant preference for looking at the congruent scene, accompanied by a longer first visit duration of that scene. Our findings show that the relation between action and scene information, previously reported for adults, is present already in infancy, suggesting a potential role of action information in shaping the construal of scene representation.  

 Was That My Cue? Reactivity to Category-Level Judgments of Learning   
   
 Cruz, Anthony | ; 
  Minda, John Paul 
    
 Making a judgment of learning (JOL) during study can improve later test performance, a phenomenon called JOL reactivity. In paired-associates learning, JOLs improve memory for strongly (not weakly) related word pairs. JOLs appear to strengthen cue-target associations, enhancing future performance on tests sensitive to those associations. We investigated whether JOL reactivity would emerge in feedback-based category learning, wherein participants learn novel stimulus-response associations. We investigated whether this effect would be present for novel test items and if it would depend upon stimulus-category relatedness. Participants completed a category learning task; some performed JOLs throughout learning. At test, participants categorized novel and previously studied stimuli of varying degrees of stimulus-category relatedness. We found JOL reactivity for both novel and previously studied stimuli, and no effect of relatedness. Our experiment provides preliminary evidence that JOL reactivity can be produced in feedback-based category learning. COVIS theory provides an excellent framework for future investigations.  

 Schema Drift: Relational Concept Stability Across Repeated Comparison   
   
 Vagnino, Richard | ; 
  Walker, Caren M. 
    
 Analogical reasoning is one of the most common ways individuals bring previous experience to bear on unfamiliar situations. Most theories describe this process as a structured comparison that involves mapping the relational properties between a familiar source and unfamiliar target. This both allows the transfer of useful inferences from the source to the target and highlights the common structure shared by both analogs, represented by an abstract schema. This schema can help with identifying and reasoning about structurally similar situations in the future. While researchers have studied how representations of source and target analogs undergo alterations as a result of this mapping process, little attention has been paid to how the abstract schemas thought to guide future analogical reasoning might similarly change with use. We explore this question in two experiments and present evidence that suggests abstract schemas do indeed drift under certain conditions.  

 Attention Due to Arousal Can Both Hinder and Facilitate the Discovery of Relations   
   
 Hristova, Penka | ; 
  Dimitrova, Nina 
    
 The relational discovery was investigated with classical Bongard problems. The arrangement of the instances was varied to facilitate the discovery of the correct or wrong relation in the first comparison. Irrelevant to-the-task arousal between the two comparisons of the categories enables the discovery of the relation when the first comparison generates the correct relation. When the wrong relation is highlighted first, arousal slows the overall encoding time. The results are consistent with the hypothesis that attention enhances dominant representation, and highlight the need to reconsider the facilitative role of attention in relational discovery as it is based on multiple comparisons.  

 How do brain maps affect neuroscientific investigation? A study with novices   
   
 Dubova, Marina | ; 
  Goldstone, Robert 
    
 This study explores how scientific conceptualizations, such as partitioning of the brain into distinct regions, shape investigation. One hundred fifty-six undergraduate psychology students (novices) completed a science learning task in which they explored the behavioral functions of a fictional brain segment by conducting simplified neuroimaging and lesioning experiments on it. We investigated how the partitioning of the segment into regions influenced participants' experimental choices and learning outcomes by randomly seeding the brain regions for each participant. The participants exhibited conceptual influences on their experimentation: they preferred to explore the boundaries and prototypical--or "skeletal"--locations of the delineated regions. These conceptual biases significantly shaped learning outcomes; for example, participants were more successful at identifying signals near region boundaries. Additionally, participants demonstrated conceptual expectations that led them to associate a discovered signal with locations within one region rather than locations that straddled region boundaries. This research contributes to our understanding of how the scientific concepts affect scientific investigation.  

 Testing the Effects of the Implicative Structure and Noun Class Size on the Learnability of Inflectional Paradigms in Adults and Artificial Neural Networks   
   
 Johnson, Tamar | ; 
  Elsner, Micha | ; 
  Smith, Kenny 
    
 Variation in inflectional morphology across languages raises questions about the factors affecting their learnability. This study explores the effects of two suggested factors: the implicative structure of the paradigm and the distribution of forms within it, and how they interact to affect the learnability of the system. Our results from a human behavioral study and artificial neural network simulations suggest that these factors influence learning, though type frequency may only serve as a proxy for the effects of token frequency.  

 Evaluating an ensemble model of linguistic categorization on three variable morphological patterns in Hungarian   
   
 Racz, Peter | ; 
  Rebrus, Peter | ; 
  Toth, Szilard 
    
 We implemented two instance-based learners, the K-Nearest Neighbors model and the Generalized Context Model, and a rule-based learner, the Minimal Generalization Learner, adapted for linguistic data. We fit these on three distinct, variable patterns of word variation in Hungarian: paradig- matic leveling and vowel deletion in verbs and vowel har- mony in nouns. We tested their predictions using a Wug task. The best learners were combined into an ensemble model for each pattern. All three learners explain variation in the test data. The best ensemble models of inflectional variation in the data combine instance-based and rule-based learners. This result suggests that the best psychologically plausible learn- ing model of morphological variation combines instance-based and rule-based approaches and might vary from case to case.  

 What are you looking at? Beyond typing speed and formal training for assessing typing expertise   
   
 Pinet, Svetlana 
    
 In this paper we introduce a novel way of quantifying typing expertise according to the ability to type without visual guidance from the keyboard (i.e., in a blind typing task). We present results of two experiments showing that performance in blind typing allows dissociating two profiles of typists, touch and non-touch typists. In Experiment 1, analyzing more than 100 typists, we show that performance in blind typing correlates with faster typing speed of lexical and non-lexical material, but not with low-level motoric skills. In Experiment 2, we show that touch and non-touch typists present differences in both written and spoken language production, but not language perception. Our results demonstrate that the characterization of ‚Äúeveryday touch typists‚Äù not only discriminates typing skills but may also capture distinct cognitive abilities. Spanning the fields of sensorimotor and linguistic processing, this study stresses the importance of considering language processing to understand typing skills.  

 Both intrinsic and allophonic vowel duration matter in textsetting   
   
 Gilroy, Nicole | ; 
  Blumenfeld, Lev | ; 
  Toivonen, Ida 
    
 In studies of song corpora, longer vowels have been shown to be preferentially aligned with longer notes in textsetting. Here we test this alignment preference in English in an experimental setting and replicate the finding for duration in a task where participants constructed a textsetting by placing target words in appropriate slots. We test two types of vowel duration: intrinsic duration and vowel duration that is contextually determined by the voicing of the following consonant. We show that both of these types of duration have an effect on textsetting preferences.  

 Timing Is Everything: Effects Of Temporal Delay Of Confidence Judgments In Memory Decision-Making   
   
 Klopukh, Isabella Rose Sky | ; 
  Darby, Kevin P 
    
 Metacognitive confidence judgments are frequently adopted as a measure of certainty in decision-making tasks, but the mechanisms that underly these judgments have been long debated. In this work, we investigate the effect of the timing of confidence judgments in memory decisions by querying confidence immediately after, with a 3-second delay, or in a separate phase within an associative recognition task. An additional control condition did not probe confidence judgments at all to investigate how metacognitive monitoring may influence the memory decision-making process itself. The results indicate changes in memory performance and response times in conditions where confidence judgments were made, as well as a stronger association between confidence and accuracy when confidence was probed following a 3-second delay. We discuss the implications of these results regarding post- decision processing of metacognitive confidence and the bidirectional relationship between memory and metacognition.  

 A network model of English derivational morphology   
   
 Monakhov, Sergei | ; 
  Diessel, Holger 
    
 Models of word recognition and production diverge on the question of how to represent complex words. Under the morpheme-based approach, each morpheme is represented as a separate unit, while under the word-based approach, morphemes are represented in lexical networks. The word-based approach is consistent with construction morphology and recent research on the grammar network. However, while the network view of constructions has become popular in recent years, there is little computational and experimental research on this topic. In the current study, we used a computational network model (based on graph theory) and an experiment to investigate the Romance component of English morphology. Specifically, we provide evidence that complex words can be conceptualised as paths in a weighted directed network of morphemes.  

 REM (1997) Predicts Recognition. Tested With 2AFC, and 4AWC   
   
 Mohamed, Zainab | ; 
  Meyer-Grant, Constantin G. | ; 
  Shiffrin, Richard 
    
 We use a novel paradigm to test models of long-term recognition memory: After studying lists, tests are made with two items, both OLD, both NEW, or one of each. Some tests used Two-Alternative Forced Choice (2AFC) in which Ss were asked to choose the item more likely OLD (Experiment 2 asked Ss to choose the item more likely NEW); other tests used four-way classification (4WC) in which Ss were asked to classify the two items as 1) both old, 2) both new, 3) left old, right new, or 4) left new, right old. Each S studied lists containing 12 words, 24 words, 12 pictures, 24 pictures, or lists of 12 words randomly mixed with 12 pictures (so tests were both words, both pictures or one each). All the choice probabilities were predicted well by the Retrieving Effectively from Memory model (REM) of Shiffrin and Steyvers (1997) using mostly the three 1997 parameter values and the REM decision threshold of odds of 1.0. Signal-detection modeling (unequal variance Gaussian strength distributions) predicted the choice probabilities with different parameters for different conditions. Initial analysis and modeling of Response times suggested that REM may be well suited to predict differing accuracy and response time results for judgments of OLD and NEW.  

 Cognitive Dimension Reduction: An Information-Theoretic Approach   
   
 Leshkowitz, Maya 
    
 We introduce a dimension reduction framework (CDR) that sheds light on how individuals simplify the multidimensional world to guide decision-making and comprehension. Our proposal posits that cognitive limitations prompt the adoption of simplified models, reducing the environment to a subset of dimensions. Within these limitations, we propose that individuals exploit both environment structure and goal relevance. Employing information theory, we formalize these principles and develop a model that explains how environmental and cognitive factors influence dimension reduction. Furthermore, we present an experimental method for the model's assessment and initial findings that support it.  

 Causal Information Seeking   
   
 Yin, Brian N | ; 
  Rehder, Bob 
    
 How do people's causal knowledge influence how they seek information? The current work tasks participants with choosing to observe disease symptoms in a setting where they know a disease's etiology and related symptoms. We use causal graphical models (CGMs) to formalize their causal knowledge of the disease, and find that people tend to use their expected information gain, computed over their CGM-generated probability beliefs, to search for information in causal settings.  

 Using Compositionality to Learn Many Categories from Few Examples   
   
 Sucholutsky, Ilia | ; 
  Zhao, Bonan | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Humans have the remarkable ability to learn new categories from few examples, but how few examples can we actually learn from? Recent studies suggest it may be possible to learn more novel concepts than the number of examples. Previous approaches to such less-than-one-shot (LO-shot) learning used soft labels to provide weighted mappings from each example to multiple categories. Unfortunately, people find soft labels unintuitive and this approach did not provide plausible, cognitively-grounded mechanisms for LO-shot learning at scale. We propose a new paradigm that leverages well-established learning strategies: reducing complex stimuli to primitives, learning by discrimination, and generalizing to novel compositions of features. We show that participants can learn 22 categories from just 4 examples, shedding light on the mechanisms involved in LO-shot learning. Our results provide valuable insights into the human ability to learn many categories from limited examples, and the strategies people employ to achieve this impressive feat.  

 Using instruction checks to measure source understanding in analogical transfer of insight solutions   
   
 Ross, Wendy | ; 
  Ormerod, Thomas C 
    
 Analogical transfer between source and target problems ought to be a major contributor to problem-solving and learning. Yet, data from laboratory studies show that successful spontaneous analogical transfer does not reliably occur in the absence of explicit hints to analogize, in the presence of a delay between source and target, or when there are extensive filler tasks, a finding attributed to the complexity of analogy retrieval and mapping. Here, we show that participants solving variants of the Cards problem often failed to show transfer between source and target problems that shared both conceptual and superficial similarities. Frequency of re-inspecting the task instructions was a significant predictor of transfer, with participants successful at T2 requiring fewer re-inspections. The results suggest that analogical transfer may be limited, not just by the difficulty of mapping between source and target, but by a lack of conceptual understanding of the source and its solution, even when the source is solved.  

 FlexDDM: A flexible decision-diffusion Python package for the behavioral sciences   
   
 LaFollette, Kyle | ; 
  Fan, Joy | ; 
  Puccio, Alessandra | ; 
  Demaree, Heath A. 
    
 Decision diffusion models are commonly used to explain the processes underlying decision-making. Many software options exist for cognitive scientists to fit diffusion models to data; however, they tend to lack customizability beyond existing model formulations that are already built into them, stymying new theoretical contributions. We introduce FlexDDM, a new Python package that requires minimal coding to develop new diffusion models. The package is equipped with four standard models of cognitive conflict tasks and a suite of fitting techniques. Our development of FlexDDM aims to broaden the accessibility and applicability of computational methods in cognitive science, thereby accelerating theoretical innovation and contributing to advancements in the field of behavioral sciences.  

 The Role of Gender and Curriculum in Mental Rotation & Perspective Taking   
   
 Andonova, Elena 
    
 Spatial abilities and their developmental trajectory are an important part of human intelligence and have been the subject of numerous studies, including mental rotation and perspective taking. However, little is known about these processes in under-represented populations. Here we report a study on 10-year-old children in such a context who participated in four spatial tasks ‚Äì animal picture mental rotation, abstract figures mental rotation, memory for object location, and picture perspective taking. Results revealed no male advantage on any task, and better performance in the abstract figures task for girls following an alternative school program in mathematics. Furthermore, the analysis found no correlation between the mental rotation and perspective taking performance. Research on under-represented populations is an important drive towards greater generalizability of findings and conclusions.  

 Navigating Health Claims on Social Media: Reasoning from Consensus Quantity and Expertise   
   
 Simmonds, Benjamin P | ; 
  Ransom, Keith James | ; 
  Stephens, Rachel 
    
 When assessing the quality of health information encountered online, reasoners may rely on the wisdom of others and the degree of consensus apparent. However, it is unclear whether reasoners weigh the opinions of others evenly or make assumptions about the amount of evidence that each has seen. We investigated this question in an online experiment where people were asked to rate their belief in a series of health claims both before and after reading responses from other users. The degree of consensus among these users and their level of expertise (non-experts vs. expert organisations) was manipulated within-subjects. While we found belief change increased monotonically with the degree of consensus for both experts and non-experts, our results indicate qualitatively different patterns of increase between the two groups. Our study suggests that people reason from consensus using nuanced assumptions about the evidence underlying other people's opinions.  

 Action and outcome predictability impact sense of agency   
   
 Saad, Laura | ; 
  McCurry, J. Malcolm | ; 
  Trafton, Greg 
    
 The sense of agency (SoA) represents the everyday experience of control over our actions and their outcomes. We posit a new framework that defines SoA as consisting of three main components: sense of control of self, sense of control of the environment, and the presence of a goal. Across five experiments, we test this framework by altering participants' SoA over their actions and outcomes by manipulating the predictability of each. Results suggest that both actions and outcomes affect participants' SoA. We also report, contrary to previous theoretical predictions, that unpredictable outcomes lead to the lowest SoA as compared to actions. Additionally, results from explicit measures suggest that participants do not discriminate between control over actions and outcomes and that this remains true regardless of experimental design or explicit agency question type. Taken together, these results suggest that both actions and outcomes are vital to the experience of control.  

 Event Cognition and Holistic versus Fragmented Remembering and Forgetting   
   
 Parra, Daniela | ; 
  Antes, Nicole | ; 
  Radvansky, Gabriel A. 
    
 This study assessed the holistic and fragmented retention and forgetting of event models. We report four experiments that manipulated causality, co-reference, events versus objects, and description determinacy. While increased causal connections among events increased holistic remembering, there was no clear effect for manipulations of co-reference, events versus objects, or determinacy. Thus, our work suggests that there are limits to the extent to which different types of events are remembered and forgotten in a holistic or fragmented manner. That said, all of our event did show significantly greater than chance holistic remembering, suggesting that the very act of creating event models leads these memories to be remembered or forgotten as wholes to a greater extent.  

 Variations in explainers' gesture deixis in explanations related to the monitoring of explainees' understanding   
   
 Lazarov, Stefan | ; 
  Grimminger, Angela 
    
 In this study on the use of gesture deixis during explanations, a sample of 24 videorecorded dyadic interactions of a board game explanation was analyzed. The relation between the use of gesture deixis by different explainers and their interpretation of explainees' understanding was investigated. In addition, we describe explainers' intra-individual variations related to their interactions with three different explainees consecutively. While we did not find a relation between interpretations of explainees' complete understanding and a decrease in explainers' use of gesture deixis, we demonstrated that the overall use of gesture deixis is related to the process of interactional monitoring and the attendance of a different explainee.  

 Deaf signers allocate gaze based on type and familiarity of signed input   
   
 Gappmayr, Paris | ; 
  Lieberman, Amy 
    
 In sign languages, gazing towards one's interlocutor is necessary to perceive the language visually. Proficient signers have been found to look at their interlocutor's face, rather than hands, while communicating in ASL. We investigated signers' looks to the face vs. hands while perceiving ASL signs, fingerspelled words, pseudo signs, and fingerspelled pseudowords. Participants' gaze was monitored as they viewed a picture followed by a short, isolated video clip of the corresponding sign or fingerspelled word. We found that participants tended to look at the face more than the hands when perceiving signs vs. pseudosigns, and when perceiving signs vs. fingerspelled words. Age of acquisition did not significantly impact gaze patterns. Results suggest that sign perceivers actively adjust their allocation of gaze based on the perceptual demands of the input.  

 Linear Word Order Modulates the Cost of Metonymy Comprehension: Dynamics of Conceptual Composition   
   
 Borneo, Maria Teresa | ; 
  Piñango, Maria M 
    
 We investigate the relation between conceptual and syntactic structure by focusing on the phenomenon of circumstantial metonymy e.g., ‚ÄúTable #6 wants another pizza‚Äù. We hypothesize that the construal of a metonymic interpretation is facilitated when the metonymized argument e.g., ‚ÄúTable #6‚Äù is retrieved before the metonymy-trigger e.g., ‚Äúwants‚Äù, since this gives the processor more time to build the event structure that metonymy demands. This predicts greater cost of metonymy composition when the argument is in object position (after the trigger) relative to subject position (before the trigger). An acceptability task shows a main effect of metonymy for both syntactic positions. A self-paced reading task demonstrates a cost for metonymy only in object position. This indicates that the cost of metonymy composition is rooted in the requirement that the conceptual structure for the metonymic argument be fully retrieved, a process constrained by the order of lexical retrieval provided by syntactic structure.  

 Behavioural and theoretical support for ranking theory as an alternative model of human uncertainty representation   
   
 Go, Hanbin | ; 
  Anderson, Britt 
    
 Measuring and quantifying degrees of belief poses a fundamental challenge, prompting an exploration into how humans navigate uncertainty. This study challenges the conventional use of probability theory and investigates ranking theory as a viable alternative model. Across the initial three experiments (N = 168; N = 63; N = 200), participants consistently utilized negative ranking functions to express disbelief, revealing a robust pattern across diverse contexts. Notably, a logarithmic relationship emerged between subjective probability and negative ranks (degree of disbelief), highlighting the granularity of ranking functions. Experiment 3 introduced positive ranks, illustrating a log-odds relationship between subjective probability and two-sided ranks (degree of disbelief and belief), providing a detailed depiction of the full spectrum of beliefs. In Experiment 4 (N = 201), examining ranks and subjective probability in a learning task revealed that disbelief via negative ranking functions more accurately represented the objective probability distribution than subjective probability. Lastly, Experiment 5 (N = 291) addressed decision-making under uncertainty through the Ellsberg paradox, uncovering how ranking theory not only resolved contradictions with expected utility theory but also eliminated the paradoxical nature of the Ellsberg scenario. This study advances our understanding of human uncertainty and supports ranking theory as a compelling alternative.  

 Evaluating the Predictive Power of Tasks and Items in IQ Tests   
   
 Blickle, Joshua | ; 
  Todorovikj, Sara | ; 
  Ragni, Marco 
    
 Intelligence tests are used in various scenarios in order to assess individuals' cognitive abilities. As these tests are typically resource-intensive and quite lengthy, we propose a predictive analysis paradigm with the aim of most effectively predicting IQ scores and thus shortening and optimising tests by identifying the most predictive test components. Using the Berlin Intelligence Structure Test for Adolescents (BIS-HB) as an example, we apply machine learning models and successfully predict IQ scores at the individual level. In addition, we identify non-significant and potentially redundant tasks and items and exclude them from the analyses, while maintaining the same satisfactory predictive results. A new direction of research in this area will allow not only the inductive optimisation of intelligence tests, but also the improvement of knowledge and understanding of intelligence in general.  

 Unsupervised Learning for Global and Local Visual Perception Using Navon Figures   
   
 Nishitsunoi, Kayato | ; 
  Ohmura, Yoshiyuki | ; 
  Kuniyoshi, Yasuo 
    
 In human visual cognition, there are two types of cognition: holistic cognition, in which the whole is perceived as it is, and featural cognition, in which attention is directed to the components of an object. Navon figures are images that are commonly used for the study of holistic and featural processing in vision. In this paper, we propose a machine learning model that performs unsupervised learning to separate the global and local shapes of Navon figures. In the experiments, by introducing a model that learns image features by exploiting algebraic independence, the global and local shapes of Navon figures were successfully separated and the latent space representing each feature was learned. It was also shown that the feature separation ability was improved by making the structure of the neural network asymmetric. However, the components of the Navon figures used in this study were identical; the proposed model cannot direct attention to each component of Navon figures. Therefore, a model that can direct attention to each component and learn its feature is required in the future.  

 Building Abstraction: The Role of Representation and Structural Alignment in Learning Causal System Categories   
   
 Pavlova, Margarita V. 
    
 The present study examined the role of detecting the initial causal system model followed by engaging in active vs. passive structural alignment in recognizing the key causal principles in subsequent novel examples. The results echo prior research on the benefit of analogical comparison in learning relational categories: participants who were prompted to compare outperformed participants in the baseline condition. Moreover, while the accurate representation of the causal system predicted noticing the relational structure in novel examples, making more accurate relational mappings made participants more likely to notice the structure above and beyond having an accurate representation. These findings offer insight into the role of active vs. passive analogical comparison and have implications for conditions that might support learning of relational categories.  

 Development of Flexible Role-Taking in Conversations Across Preschool   
   
 Peirolo, Morgane | ; 
  Xu, Zihan | ; 
  Fourtassi, Abdellah 
    
 The paper investigates the development of conversational skills in preschool children, focusing on their ability to adopt flexible roles in dialogues. We specifically analyze children's coordinated behavior in question-response-follow-up sequences, both as Initiators and Responders, using a longitudinal French corpus of child-caregiver spontaneous interactions. While preschool children showed growing sophistication in their ability to initiate and respond appropriately within conversations, they still had qualitative differences with adults, especially as initiators, suggesting further development beyond preschool. The findings contribute to our understanding of how conversational skills develop in early childhood and the role these skills play in broader cognitive and social development.  

 Influence of Vocal Cues on Perception of Traits: Evidence from Educational Context   
   
 Weng, Mingyu | ; 
  Fei, Wenxi | ; 
  Yip, Michael C. W. 
    
 The human voice conveys more than just words; acoustic-vocal cues like pitch range and formant dispersion can shape perceptions of a speaker's personality. While research has explored this in various contexts, the impact of vocal cues on perceptions of teachers' traits remains unclear, particularly considering the educational level of listeners. This study investigates how college and secondary students perceive teacher utterances with manipulated acoustic parameters. Results showed that students from both age groups considered voices with a wider pitch range as being uttered by good teachers, but only the secondary students perceived a higher F0 and a wider formant dispersion as a feature of being a good teacher. Those suggest the mappings between teachers' characteristics and acoustic features might be different by age or education level, which could potentially the future teacher training for different levels of education.  

 Task-sensitive retrieval from semantic memory   
   
 Flores, Andrew Z. | ; 
  Willits, Jon 
    
 This study investigates the interaction between semantic relatedness and goals or task on memory retrieval. We used varied tasks and concepts to explore how task influences how different kinds of semantic relatedness influences semantic processing. Our findings reveal a task-dependent interaction with semantic relatedness. Specifically, in similarity judgement tasks (experiments 1a and 1b), participants' ratings closely aligned with taxonomic relatedness, influenced by abstract visual and linguistic similarity dimensions. In discrimination tasks (experiments 2a and 2b), where participants distinguished a target from a semantically related distractor, visual characteristics explained a greater amount of variance. These results suggest semantic memory representations are dynamic and task-dependent, supporting theories of a distributed semantic memory system.  

 Reconstruction of visually stable perception from saccadic retinal inputs using corollary discharge signals-driven convLSTM neural networks   
   
 Showgan, Yahia | ; 
  Cohen Duwek, Hadar | ; 
  Ezra Tsur, Elishai 
    
 While subjective visual experiences are remarkably stable and coherent, their underlying data is incomplete and heavily influenced by the eyes' saccadic rhythm. In this work, we show that a deep and recurrent neural network can effectively reconstruct vibrant images from restricted retinal inputs during active vision. Our method includes the creation of a dataset for synthetic retinal inputs, containing intensity, color, and event-camera-generated motion data. We demonstrate the importance of both long-short-term memory and corollary discharge signals to image stabilization and the system's sensitivity to noise, corresponding to recent experimental findings. Our study contributes to the advancement of realistic and dynamic models for image reconstruction, providing insights into the complexities of active visual perception.  

 Effects of Eye Movement Patterns and Scene-Object Relations on Description Production   
   
 Celikkol, Pelin | ; 
  Schlangen, David | ; 
  Laubrock, Jochen 
    
 This study investigates whether fixation behaviour during scene viewing can offer insights into sequentialisation in verbal scene description production. We explored the correlation between visual and linguistic attention on naturalistic scenes using scene descriptions and eye movement measures. Results demonstrate an overlap in object prioritization during scene viewing and describing. Our additional analysis of scene descriptions reveals a tendency towards selecting and prioritizing category-specific objects.  

 Two Negatives Make a Positive: Reducing Referential Uncertainty through Negation and Order Reversal Eases Processing in Counterfactuals   
   
 Evcen, Ebru | ; 
  Wittenberg, Eva 
    
 Counterfactual statements are famously difficult to process, and so are negated sentences and infrequent clause orders. Here, we argue that their combination can ease much of the processing cost when these difficult constructions align to clarify what is being referred to, thereby reducing referential uncertainty. In Experiment 1, we tested how affirmative and negative counterfactual statements (e.g., If there had been (no) zebras, there would have been (no) lions) are interpreted using a web-based eye-tracking paradigm. We found that negation facilitates processing, particularly when a Question under Discussion is about the actual state of affairs. In Experiment 2, reversing the clause order resulted in easier comprehension. These results provide support for a model of incremental language processing that puts the construal of semantic representations front and center.  

 Exploring the expression of emotions in children's body posture using OpenPose   
   
 Försterling, Marlene | ; 
  Gerdemann, Stella | ; 
  Parkinson, Brian | ; 
  Hepach, Robert 
    
 Emotions regulate social interactions from early in ontogeny, but are difficult to assess in young children. Previous studies used body posture to measure emotion expressions, employing depth-sensor imaging cameras. Advances in artificial intelligence allow researchers to track posture from existing videos. The reported studies explored the feasibility of OpenPose to capture children's emotional expressions. In Study 1, we analysed posture data from previous studies and found that children's expressed valence was positively related to changes in upper-body expansion whereas expressed arousal was related to overall movement. In Study 2, children (n = 64, 5-10 years) recalled emotional episodes of ‚Äòhappiness', ‚Äòsadness', ‚Äòpride', and ‚Äòshame'. There were no effects of specific emotion categories on posture changes, but exploratory analyses revealed that recalling positive emotions yielded greater changes in upper-body expansion compared to negative emotions. Together, these results suggest that the valence and arousal of expressed emotions can be captured using OpenPose.  

 GAIA: A Givenness Hierarchy Theoretic Model of Situated Referring Expression Generation   
   
 Higger, Mark | ; 
  Williams, Tom 
    
 A key task in natural language generation (NLG) is Referring Expression Generation (REG), in which a set of properties are selected to describe a target referent. Computational cognitive models of REG typically focus on REG-in-context, where the referring expressions are designed to take into account the conversational context into which they are to be generated. However, in practice, these methods only focus on linguistic context of the text into which they are to be inserted. We argue that to develop robust models of naturalistic human referring, REG will need to move beyond linguistic context, and account for cognitive and environmental context as well. That is, we propose that a cognitivist, interactionist, and situated approach to modeling REG is needed. In this paper, we present GAIA, a Givenness Hierarchy theoretic model of REG, and demonstrate the immediate qualitative benefits of this model over the traditional REG model which it extends.  

 Searching for Argument-Counterargument Relationships in Vector Embedding Spaces   
   
 Chang, Cherrie | ; 
  de Leeuw, Josh 
    
 Vector embedding spaces are representational structures that can capture both the similarity relationship between items and various other semantic relationships. Current state-of-the-art embedding models can generate embedding vectors for individual words and longer strings of text, enabling vector spaces to encode the similarity between entire documents of text. We investigated three embedding models to see if semantic relationships besides similarity are represented in these spaces across three embedding models, focusing on the relationship between arguments and counterarguments as a specific example. While there was not a linear subspace that captured the semantic relationship between an argument and its counterargument, we found that neural networks with a single hidden layer could partially learn the transformations between an argument's embedding and the corresponding counterargument's embedding in all three spaces. The trained models generalized across three different datasets of arguments, suggesting these partially learned transformations are applicable to arguments and counterarguments in general, not just tied to the semantic context of the models' training dataset. This approach has practical applications in designing information retrieval systems for intelligent agents and, potentially, in models of cognition that use vector embedding spaces as a representational structure.  

 Beyond typicality: Lexical category affects the use and processing of color words   
   
 Long, Madeleine | ; 
  Rubio-Fernàndez, Paula 
    
 Speakers and listeners show an informativity bias in the use and interpretation of color modifiers. For example, speakers use color more often when referring to objects that vary in color than to objects with a prototypical color. Likewise, listeners look away from objects with prototypical colors upon hearing that color mentioned. Here we test whether speakers and listeners account for another factor related to informativity: the strength of the association between lexical categories and color. Our results demonstrate that speakers and listeners' choices are indeed influenced by this factor; as such, it should be integrated into current pragmatic theories of informativity and computational models of color reference.  

 Online Decision Making with Icon Arrays   
   
 Yu, Jingqi 
    
 Leveraging people's proficiency in extracting summary statistics from ensembles, we conducted two studies in which we presented rating information from consumer feedback systems through color-coded icon arrays. The investigation aims to explore how different icon array arrangements (ascending, descending, random) influence decision making and average estimation across varying levels of ensemble means (average ratings) and ensemble sizes (review volume). Our results revealed four key insights: 1) Preferences for rating variance differed, particularly at the extremes of the average rating spectrum when ensembled were dominated by one or two rating categories. 2) Structured information yielded greater certainty in responses, with confidence increasing when the task setup aligned with task goals. 3) Ensemble size prompted individuals to adapt strategies based on contextual needs. 4) Unstructured presentations led to higher estimation accuracy, suggesting that a lack of structure may encourage heightened processing effort.  

 Infants expect an agent to choose a goal that can be reached at a lower cost   
   
 Schlingloff-Nemecz, Laura | ; 
  Csibra, Gergely | ; 
  Tatone, Denis | ; 
  Pomiechowska, Barbara 
    
 According to prominent accounts of early action understanding, infants' interpretation of others' actions is undergirded by an assumption of utility maximization. However, it is unclear whether this assumption applies only to selection among actions or also to selection among goals. Here, using an eye-tracking paradigm, we investigated whether 14- to 16-month-old infants would predict an agent to choose a lower-cost option when faced with two identical outcomes that could be reached at different costs. Infants directed more looks to the lower-cost option, and this effect was not merely due to visual saliency. These findings corroborate the proposal that infants rely on utility maximization when reasoning about an agent's likely goal and provide evidence of an early ability to represent and compare alternatives in the context of goal attribution.  

 Two-year-olds can reason about the temporal structure of their performance   
   
 Zhu, Peter | ; 
  Aranda, Veronica | ; 
  Keene, Grace E | ; 
  Gweon, Hyowon 
    
 When learners improve, the temporal change in performance carries information about progress; we know we ‚Äúgot the hang of it‚Äù after succeeding on a task we used to fail at. Building on prior work investigating older children's ability to track their performance over time, here we ask whether two-year-olds can reason about the temporal pattern of their performance outcomes. Children in the Improvement condition experienced 3 failures followed by 3 successes (FFFSSS) whereas children in the Stochastic condition experienced the same number of failures and successes in a seemingly random sequence (SSFFSF). When asked which toy they wanted to show their parent, children were more likely to select the Test Toy over a Control Toy when the temporal sequence of their performance suggested improvement than when it appeared to be random. By reasoning about their own performance over time, even young children can make informed choices about their future actions.  

 Young children strategically adapt to unreliable social partners   
   
 Shannon, Katherine Adams | ; 
  Conine-Nakano, Aneesa | ; 
  Frankenhuis, Willem E. | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. | ; 
  Gweon, Hyowon 
    
 Children learn a lot from others, but the effectiveness of their social learning depends on the reliability of others' help. How do children adapt their future learning decisions based on the past reliability of receiving help? In two experiments, 4- to 6-year-olds (N = 60 each) interacted with a researcher who either followed through on promised help (Reliable condition) or failed to do so (Unreliable condition). Experiment 1 was inconclusive. However, with an improved design, Experiment 2 found that children in the Unreliable condition were more likely to forego a harder but more rewarding puzzle as their next task and choose an easier, less rewarding puzzle instead compared to those in the Reliable condition. Such decisions, while seemingly maladaptive at face value, likely reflect an adaptive response to the low likelihood of receiving help. These results extend our understanding of social learning across diverse ecological contexts.  

 Design fiction and Green IT: Impact of foresight scenarios on behavioral intention   
   
 Rochat, Julie | ; 
  Ragot, Martin | ; 
  Josset, Jean-Marc 
    
 The Green IT approach questions the environmental, social and economic impact of digital technology. Design fiction is a discipline that can guide behaviors in favor of Green IT by building new imaginaries. However, to our knowledge, few studies assess the impact of narratives of possible future on behavioral intentions. To answer this question, we conducted a study with 388 participants, examining the impact of 14 different scenarios of possible digital futures on individual perceptions. The results showed that, for individuals with already a high level of Green IT practices, the fear dimension of scenarios has a preeminent impact on their intention to further increase these behaviors, whereas people with little practice of Green IT are more sensitive to confidence and the presence of solutions. These results pave the way for the integration of specific technological narratives within the construction of future public policies in favor of Green IT.  

 Does active learning lead to better teaching of novel perceptual categories?   
   
 Stanciu, Oana | ; 
  Fiser, Jozsef 
    
 To be efficient, both active learners and teachers need to be able to judge the relative usefulness of a piece of information for themselves or for their students, respectively. The current study assessed whether experience of active learning facilitates subsequent teaching from imperfect knowledge. Following a visual category learning task, dyads (N=40) of active and yoked passive learners taught (imagined) naive learners how to categorize the same visual stimuli by providing them with a small number of self-generated examples. Active learners narrowed down the possible categorization boundaries more than yoked learners. However, the active learning advantage was modest and limited to categories that were more difficult to learn and, overall, teachers were overly conservative, providing the least ambiguous category examples.  

 Changes in Partner Models – Effects of Adaptivity in the Course of Explanations   
   
 Buhl, Heike M. | ; 
  Fisher, Josephine Beryl | ; 
  Rohlfing, Katharina 
    
 The process of adaptation to the partner in the course of an interaction is still not well understood. In the case of explanatory dialogues, to provide satisfying explanations, explainers have to consider the needs of the explainees. This requires mental representations of the explainees, i.e., ‚Äúpartner models‚Äù. Little is known about whether and how modifications of partner models during an explanation take place. We assumed that they get informed by the interactive behaviour of the explainee and investigated partner models in relation to explainees' verbal moves. A total of 59 dyadic explanations were investigated in an observation study. The comparison of the partner models before and after the explanation showed changes regarding, e.g., knowledge, interest in the explanation, cooperation, and mood. Moves such as questions as well as summarising and paraphrasing information given by the explainees were associated with the partner model dimensions interest in the explanation and co-construction.  

 Inversion Effect of Emotional Bodies in Social Situations   
   
 Làzàr, Gyopàrka Barbara | ; 
  Làbadi, Beatrix 
    
 The current study aimed to examine how the recognition of grey-scale photos of fearful or angry female bodies would be affected by three conditions: social situation (single person vs. facing vs. nonfacing dyad) the orientation of figures (upright vs. inverted); emotion complementarity (same vs. complementary). We hypothesized that the recognition of emotions would be the most accurate when either single or facing body pairs were presented, while the inversion would impair the perception of affective expressions. Facing bodies in fact had an advantage over nonfacing ones, same emotion condition also had higher accuracy than complementary, as well as the overall accuracy was higher for anger than fear, thus context was an important factor in differentiating between these two negative emotions. Inversion effect was not confirmed for emotions conveyed by bodies, therefore our results demonstrated that not only configural, but part-by-part analysis is also required for emotion recognition. Keywords: body inversion effect, social interactions, bodily emotional expressions  

 Emotion, Belief, and the Words of the Law   
   
 Bucciarelli, Monica | ; 
  Johnson-Laird, Phil 
    
 An assertion about a fact can in principle be tested in observations. That is impossible for assertions about what is permissible or obligatory, i.e., deontic assertions based on moral principles, conventions, rules, or laws. Many modal logics concern these matters. But an integrated theory of emotions and reasoning predicts that emotional reactions and strength of belief should be correlated for deontic assertions, but not for factual assertions. You can be convinced that it is wrong to take paperclips from the office, and that it is right for society to provide health care for everyone, and your emotional response to these two assertions is likely to correlate with the strength of your beliefs in them. In contrast, you can be convinced both that fresh snow is white and that fossil fuels are making the world hotter, but have an emotional reaction to only the second of these assertions. Grounds for factual assertions are empirical findings. But assessments of deontic assertions depend in part on the emotions that they elicit. Previous studies have corroborated this prediction for moral claims, matters of convention, prudential rules, and personal recommendations. We report two experiments that yield the same interaction for legal pronouncements from the Italian Civil Code compared with parallel factual assertions. People like propositions they believe, and they believe propositions they like. We discuss several remaining unknowns including the potential role of emotions in reasoning about legal and other deontic propositions.  

 A Neural Dynamic Model Autonomously Drives a Robot to Perform Structured Sequences of Action Intentions   
   
 Sehring, Stephan | ; 
  Koebe, Richard Julius Paul | ; 
  Aerdker, Sophie | ; 
  Schöner, Gregor 
    
 We present a neural dynamic process model of an intentional agent that carries out compositionally structured action plans in a simulated robotic environment. The model is inspired by proposals for a shared neural and structural basis of language and action. Building on neural process accounts of intentionality we propose a neural representation of the conceptual structure of actions at a symbolic level. The conceptual structure binds actions to objects at which they are directed. In addition, it captures the compositional structure of action sequences in an action plan by representing sequential order between elementary actions. We show how such a neural system can steer motor behavior toward objects by forming neural attractor states that interface with lower-level motor representations, perceptual systems and scene working memory. Selection decisions in the conceptual structure enables the generation of action sequences that adheres to a memorized action plan.  

 At-issueness and the Right Frontier: An Investigation of Dutch   
   
 Wilke, Hans | ; 
  Hoek, Jet 
    
 In multi-clause sentences, which clause carries the at-issue point is expected to be influenced by whether a clause is at the Right Frontier: Last-uttered clauses or clauses that subordinate these are expected to be at-issue. In a Dutch forced-choice experiment, we measure the rate at which comprehenders interpret an ambiguous pronoun to refer to one of two possible antecedents in a preceding sentence. We manipulated the type (matrix vs. subordinate) and position (sentence-early vs. sentence-final) of the clauses hosting the antecedents, as well as the topicality of the subject (mentioned in context vs.not mentioned in context). We find no effect of topicality, but we find that clause position and type influence the at-issue status of clauses within multi-clause sentences in Dutch: When multiple clauses are at the Right Frontier, sentence-final clauses are more likely hosts for at-issue content, and matrix clauses more so than subordinate clauses in this position.  

 The Influence of Stimulus Type on Language Processing in Comprehension   
   
 Liu, Hong | ; 
  Chaouch-Orozco, Adel 
    
 Numbers and pictures are the two most frequently used types of experimental stimuli in bilingual language control studies. However, the potential qualitative differences in the representation and processing of these stimuli could involve the recruitment of divergent cognitive mechanisms. This paper investigates the influence of stimulus type (numbers vs pictures) on language processing in bilingual comprehension, specifically examining whether semantic connections between numbers impact language switching. We tested Chinese-English-Spanish trilinguals in two cross-modal matching tasks (i.e., a picture-word matching task and a magnitude-number matching task) in the context of the n-2 language switching paradigm. Contrary to the n-2 repetition cost observed in previous studies employing the same paradigm, our findings reveal an n-2 repetition benefit. Crucially, the n-2 repetition effect was observed only with numbers. We discuss the findings in relation to the prevalent language control mechanisms and how lexical associations between numbers may give rise to the observed difference.  

 Déjà Vu: Eye Movements in Repeated Reading   
   
 Meiri, Yoav | ; 
  Berzak, Yevgeni 
    
 From cooking recipes to novels and scientific papers, we often read the same text more than once. How do our eye movements in repeated reading differ from first reading? In this work, we examine this question at scale with L1 English readers via standard eye-movement measures and their sensitivity to linguistic word properties. We analyze consecutive and non-consecutive repeated reading, in ordinary and information-seeking reading regimes. We find sharp and robust reading facilitation effects in repeated reading, and characterize their modulation by the reading regime, the presence of intervening textual material, and the relevance of the information to the task across the two readings. Finally, we examine individual differences in repeated reading effects and find that their magnitude interacts with reading speed, but not with reading proficiency. Our work extends prior findings, providing a detailed empirical picture of repeated reading which could inform future models of eye movements in reading.  

 Integratitng Co-Speech Gestures into Sentence Meaning Comprehension   
   
 Reimer, Ludmila | ; 
  Spychalska, Maria | ; 
  Werning, Markus 
    
 To investigate how co-speech gestures modulate linguistic understanding, we conducted an EEG experiment exploring the amplitude changes in the N400 component. We used videos of a person uttering underspecified action sentences which either featured no gesture or an iconic co-speech gesture that represented a more specific action. The following target sentence contained an instrument noun followed by its required action verb; these could either match the action represented in the previously seen gesture or mismatch it. We measured ERPs for both the nouns and the verbs and found an N400 effect for mismatching target words as well as a sustained positivity effect for both gesture conditions.  

 An information-theoretic model of shallow and deep language comprehension   
   
 Li, Jiaxuan | ; 
  Futrell, Richard 
    
 A large body of work in psycholinguistics has focused on the idea that online language comprehension can be shallow or `good enough': given constraints on time or available computation, comprehenders may form interpretations of their input that are plausible but inaccurate. However, this idea has not yet been linked with formal theories of computation under resource constraints. Here we use information theory to formulate a model of language comprehension as an optimal trade-off between accuracy and processing depth, formalized as bits of information extracted from the input, which increases with processing time. The model provides a measure of processing effort as the change in processing depth, which we link to EEG signals and reading times. We validate our theory against a large-scale dataset of garden path sentence reading times, and EEG experiments featuring N400, P600 and biphasic ERP effects. By quantifying the timecourse of language processing as it proceeds from shallow to deep, our model provides a unified framework to explain behavioral and neural signatures of language comprehension.  

 Predictive processing suppresses form-related words with overlapping onsets   
   
 Haeuser, Katja | ; 
  Borovsky, Arielle 
    
 Do language users predict word forms as readily as they predict semantic features? Previous studies are conflicting, possibly because they did not differentiate between two types of word form relationship: Head and rhyme relationships, sharing onset or offset features with predictable words. Here, we investigated prediction of form and meaning by means of a priming lexical decision task. People read constraining sentences that disconfirmed their expectations, and indicated, at sentence offset, whether a letter string was a word. Targets were predictable but not presented nouns, semantically related nouns, as well as head- and rhyme-related nouns. Unrelated control nouns were also presented. Results showed facilitation for predictable and semantically related words, with no difference between the two. While no effects emerged for rhymes, head-related words showed slowing, indicating suppression of lexical neighbors following prediction of word forms. Our findings align with word recognition models and prediction-by-production models of predictive processing.  

 Availability, informatively and burstiness: Why average corpus measures are an inaccurate guide to surprisal in language   
   
 Chen, Sihan | ; 
  Gibson, Edward | ; 
  Ramscar, Michael 
    
 It has been proposed that Chinese classifiers facilitate efficient communication by reducing the noun uncertainty in context. Although recent evidence has undermined this proposal, it was obtained using the common method of equating noun occurrence probabilities with corpus frequencies. This method implicity assumes words occur uniformly across contexts, yet this is inconsistent with empirical findings showing word distributions to be bursty. We hypothesized that if language users are sensitive to burstiness, and if classifiers provide information about upcoming nouns, this information will be less important in reducing uncertainty about noun after their first mention. We show that classifier usage provides more information at earlier mentions of nouns and and less information at later mentions, and that the actual classifier distribution appears inconsistent with previous proposals. These results support the idea that classifiers facilitate efficient communication and indicate that language users representations of lexical probabilities in context are dynamic.  

 A general framework for hierarchical perception-action learning   
   
 Carette, Tara | ; 
  Thill, Serge 
    
 In hierarchical perception-action (PA) learning, agents discover invariants between percepts and actions that are structured hierarchically, from very basic immediate links to higher-level, more abstract notions. In practice, existing work tends to either focus on the general theory at the expense of details of the proposed mechanisms, or specify a-priori the contents of some layers. Here, we introduce a framework that does without such constraints. We demonstrate the framework in a simple 2D environment using an agent that has minimal perceptual and action abilities. We vary the perceptual abilities of the agent to explore how the specifics of this aspect of the agent's body might affect PA learning and find unexpected consequences. The contribution of this paper is therefore twofold, (1) we add a novel framework to the literature on PA learning, using, in particular curiosity-based reinforcement learning (RL) to implement the necessary learning mechanisms, and (2) we demonstrate that even for very simple agents, the relation between the specifics of an agent's body and its cognitive abilities is not straightforward.  

 Effect of similarity and training experiences on new vocabulary learning   
   
 Waller, Megan | ; 
  Yurovsky, Dan | ; 
  Nozari, Nazbanou 
    
 In two experiments (N = 179), we studied the effect of contextual similarity and training mode on new vocabulary learning. Adult participants were trained on blocks of items that were semantically similar, phonologically similar, or unrelated to one another. Each participant was trained through passive exposure, active comprehension, or active production of the new vocabulary. Exp 1 trained items in clusters of 9, whereas Exp 2 trained the same number of items in clusters of 3. Exp 2 also assessed delayed retention 48-72 hours after training. Results showed a robust and negative impact of semantic similarity and production mode on vocabulary learning. A detrimental effect of phonological similarity was only observed in the delayed test. These results suggest that adding the challenge of resolving similarity-induced competition and articulating the word-form negatively impacts the quick acquisition of new vocabulary.  

 Cue to Trust? Investigating the Impact of Political Advertising Transparency Disclaimers on Citizen Trust Evaluations   
   
 Gordon, Hazel Clare | ; 
  Stafford, Tom | ; 
  Dommett, Katharine 
    
 Citizens in a democracy must navigate an increasingly dense information landscape. Regulation can aid this navigation by mandating disclosures of the source and nature of political campaign material. In many countries, legislators are increasing transparency requirements for online advertising in particular. The current paper looks at how and if citizens use such disclaimers to infer the intent of political advertisers during the process of a trust evaluation. This paper describes a survey experiment that specifically investigates evaluations of unknown campaigners, theorising such conditions will maximise any effect disclaimers have on trust. Testing both sponsorship and micro-targeting disclaimers, no support is found for the theoretical claim that viewing a disclaimer can increase how trustworthy a political advertiser is perceived to be. There is preliminary support that, for some individuals, viewing a disclaimer increases scepticism.  

 Assessment of Multiple Systemic Human Cognitive States using Pupillometry   
   
 Aygun, Ayca | ; 
  Nguyen, Thuan | ; 
  Scheutz, Matthias 
    
 How to best and robustly detect human systemic cognitive states like workload, sense of urgency, mind wandering, interference, and others is still an open question as the answer essentially depends both on the employed physiological measurements as well as the trained computational classification models. In this paper, we analyze data from a human driving experiment to explore the validity of eye gaze in assessing different systemic cognitive states and relations among them. Our statistical analyses and classification results indicate that eye gaze, in particular the percentage change in pupil size (PCPS), is a reliable physiological biomarker in assessing multiple systemic human cognitive states including workload, sense of urgency (SoU), and mind wandering (MW) while it does not seem suitable to detect task interference (which can be assessed based on participant's response times.  

 How spatial simulations distinguish "tracking" verbs   
   
 Kon, Maria | ; 
  Khemlani, Sangeet 
    
 We describe the verbs pursue, chase, and follow as ‚Äútracking‚Äù verbs because they share conceptual similarities: they are all motion verbs that describe a dynamic spatial relation between two entities, as in ‚Äúthe cat chased the mouse‚Äù. What distinguishes them from one another? If, as some cognitive scientists argue, mental simulations underlie the way the mind processes all motion verbs ‚Äî including those that describe static scenarios, such as run in ‚Äúthe road runs through the desert‚Äù ‚Äî then those simulations may explain the differences between tracking verbs. For instance, chase and pursue may describe conceptually faster motion than follow. We tested this hypothesis in two experiments. The studies presented participants with imagery of one car chasing another along a straight road. In Experiment 1, participants estimated the distance that the pursued car would travel 3 seconds into the future by dragging a slider to an appropriate point on the road. In Experiment 2, participants estimated the distance by selecting from several distance options on a logarithmic scale. Both studies validated the hypothesis that chase and pursue describe faster motion, i.e., participants reliably estimated longer distances for descriptions that included those verbs. We place the results in the context of broader theories of pursuit perception and verb comprehension.  

 Towards A Neurobiologically Inspired Model of Syntax Processing   
   
 Kröger, Bernd J. 
    
 A first version of a neurobiologically inspired neural network model for speech and language processing using a spiking neuron approach is introduced here. This model uses basic neural circuit elements for building up a large-scale brain model (i.e., elements for long-term and short-term memory, elements for activating and forwarding information (items) as neural states, elements for cognitive and sensorimotor action selection, elements for modeling binding of items, etc.). The resulting model architecture indicates three dense neural network modules, i.e., a module for lexical, for syntactic, and for semantic processing. Moreover, the model gives a detailed specification of the neural interaction interfaces between these modules. This large-scale model is capable of parsing syntactic simple but non-trivial sentences of Standard German and it clearly exemplifies the temporal-parallel as well as the hierarchical-sequential neural processes typically appearing in speech processing in the brain.  

 Age-Dependent Analysis and Stochastic Generation of Child-Directed Speech   
   
 Räsänen, Okko | ; 
  Kocharov, Daniil 
    
 Child-directed speech (CDS) is a particular type of speech that adults use when addressing young children. Its properties also change as a function of extralinguistic factors, such as age of the child being addressed. Access to large amounts of representative and varied CDS would be useful for child language research, as this would enable controlled computational modeling experiments of infant language acquisition with realistic input in terms of quality and quantity. In this study, we describe an approach to model age-dependent linguistic properties of CDS using a language model (LM) trained on CDS transcripts and ages of the recipient children, as obtained from North American English corpora of the CHILDES database. The created LM can then be used to stochastically generate synthetic CDS transcripts in an age-appropriate manner, thereby scaling beyond the original datasets in size. We compare characteristics of the generated CDS against the real speech addressed at children of different ages, showing that the LM manages to capture age-dependent changes in CDS, except for a slight difference in the effective vocabulary size. As a side product, we also provide a systematic characterization of age-dependent linguistic properties of CDS in CHILDES, illustrating how all measured aspects of the CDS change with children's age.  

 Tautological formal explanations are satisfactory regardless of prior knowledge   
   
 Aslanov, Ivan | ; 
  Guerra, Ernesto 
    
 Formal explanations are not tautological per se and do have explanatory power, although circular explanations can mimic them by emulating their form. (e.g., "This atom possesses an electric charge because it is an ion."). We explored the possibility of enhancing the capacity to detect circular formal explanations by pre-activating participants' prior knowledge of definitions for relevant terms. In Experiment 1, we posed questions about definitions (e.g., What is the best definition for "ion?") immediately before asking participants to evaluate the satisfactoriness of the explanation. In Experiments 2, we directly provided definitions of the terms. Across both experiments, participants consistently rating such explanations as more satisfactory compared to explicitly circular explanations (e.g., "This atom possesses an electric charge because it is an electrically charged atom"). Furthermore, Experiment 1 demonstrated that the effect is not dependent on individuals' ability to select the correct definition of a term.  

 Cognitive Load In Speed-Accuracy Tradeoff: Theoretical and Empirical Evidence Based on Resource-Rational Analyses   
   
 Shirasuna, Masaru | ; 
  Kagawa, Rina | ; 
  Honda, Hidehito 
    
 In simple judgment tasks, it is generally assumed that thinking for longer leads to more accurate judgments, providing better benefits as suggested by the speed-accuracy tradeoff framework. However, human cognitive resources are limited, and longer thinking induces cognitive costs such as subjective workload. Therefore, a total benefit should be considered under the tradeoff between thinking benefits (i.e., improving accuracy) and thinking costs (i.e., increasing cognitive load) as suggested by the resource rationality framework. We examined this issue using computer simulations and behavioral experiments. Our simulations showed that, if a thinking cost was introduced based on resource-rational approaches, there was an optimal length of time for maximizing a total benefit and the total benefit gradually decreased there. In addition, our experiments demonstrated that judgment accuracy did not always improve even if participants were provided a longer thinking time; conversely, longer thinking time was likely to increase their subjective workload. These results are consistent with resource rationality rather than speed-accuracy tradeoff. The importance of considering cognitive load is suggested to further understand human intelligence in the context of a speed-accuracy tradeoff.  

 Re-Examining Base-Rate Neglect: The Effect Of Context   
   
 Adler, Nine | ; 
  Dewitt, Stephen H 
    
 Classic base-rate neglect studies have been consistently criticised for lacking ecological validity. A study by Welsh & Navarro (2012) found this heuristic was significantly reduced when participants perceived the base rate as more relevant. The present study aims to study this phenomenon through a more realistic scenario while simultaneously capturing participants' written reasoning. Using mixed-methods, participants (N = 2,052) read an engaging scenario regarding a person who committed infidelity and containing a base-rate and specific information where the contextual information regarding the base-rate was manipulated. They were then asked to provide an estimate of the person's likelihood to cheat in the future. Results show that each of our three manipulations to the context of the base rate are significant in affecting participants' estimates, supporting Welsh and Navarro's findings. Analysis of participants' written reasoning demonstrates the sophistication and nuance of participants' engagement with the base-rate, challenging the original view of this supposed heuristic.  

 Native and Non-Native Speakers' Cue Integration in the Processing of the English As-Predicate Construction   
   
 Domazetoska, Ivana | ; 
  Zhao, Helen 
    
 Drawing on the principles of associative learning theory and positing a statistical foundation for language acquisition, this paper investigates the independent contributions of the predictive validities of verbal and constructional cues in English native and non-native speakers' mental representations of the English as-predicative construction. This is examined through two experiments: a sentence completion task targeting constructional outcome retrieval (Experiment 1), and a gap-fill schema task with a focus on verb retrieval (Experiment 2). The results demonstrate that both cues are integrated in parallel when eliciting a constructional outcome (Experiment 1), but only construction cue validity plays a role in eliciting verbal outcomes (Experiment 2). Verb frequency and voice additionally contribute to the retrieval of verbal and constructional information in distinct manners. The present study raises discussions about distributional cue integration in forward versus backward retrieval of linguistic information, in addition to emphasizing the importance of considering cross-linguistic factors in future research.  

 Toddlers Associate Iconic Gestures with Actions not Objects   
   
 Nicoladis, Elena | ; 
  Marentette, Paula | ; 
  St. Jean, Jennifer 
    
 Previous studies have shown that infants and toddlers can learn novel symbols, equally well as gestures or words. In Study 1, we test whether toddlers can learn iconic/arbitrary gestures equally well as arbitrary words for familiar objects. The results showed that the toddlers learned only an iconic gesture for top (i.e., spinning) above chance. In Study 2, we tested whether toddlers could learn iconic/arbitrary gestures as labels of actions equally well as novel words. Indeed, they did learn iconic gestures equally well. These results suggest that toddlers associate iconic gestures with actions performed by objects more readily than objects themselves.  

 German demonstratives and topic questions   
   
 Buchholz, Timo | ; 
  von Heusinger, Klaus 
    
 German has two demonstrative series, the der (die, das) series and the dieser (diese, dieses) series. Both have been claimed to be topic shifters, taking up a non-topical antecedent and promoting it to topichood. However, der can form topical referential chains, while dieser cannot. We operationalize discourse topichood via questions and provide evidence from a corpus study and an acceptability study that while dieser is indeed sensitive to topichood and avoids topical antecedents, der is compatible with topical antecedents. We hypothesize that only dieser is a discourse topic shifter, while der marks a sentence topic.  

 Neural network modelling on Korean monolingual children's comprehension of suffixal passive construction in Korean   
   
 Mun, Seongmin | ; 
  Shin, Gyu-Ho 
    
 This study explores a GPT-2 architecture's capacity to capture monolingual children's comprehension behaviour in Korean, a language underexplored in this context. We examine its performance in processing a suffixal passive construction involving verbal morphology and the interpretive procedures driven by that morphology. Through model fine-tuning via patching and hyperparameter variations, we assess their classification accuracy on test items used in Shin (2022a). Results show discrepancies in simulating children's response patterns, highlighting the limitations of neural networks in capturing child language features. This prompts further investigation into computational models' capacity to elucidate developmental trajectories of child language that have been unveiled through corpus-based or experimental research.  

 How Well Do Deep Learning Models Capture Human Concepts? The Case of the Typicality Effect   
   
 Vemuri, Siddhartha | ; 
  Shah, Raj Sanjay | ; 
  Varma, Sashank 
    
 This study examines the alignment of deep learning model representations with those of humans, focusing on the typicality effect, where certain instances of a category are considered more representative than others. Previous research, limited to single modalities and few concepts, showed modest correlations with human typicality judgments. This study expands the scope by evaluating a wider array of language (N=8) and vision (N=10) models. It also considers the combined predictions of language+vision model pairs, alongside a multimodal CLIP-based model. The investigation encompasses a larger concept range (N=27) than prior work. Our findings reveal that language models align more closely with human typicality judgments than vision models. Additionally, combined language+vision models, as well as the multimodal CLIP model, demonstrate improved prediction of human typicality data. This study advances the understanding of ML models' conceptual alignment with human cognition and contributes a new image set for vision model concept evaluation.  

 Learning Type-Based Compositional Causal Rules   
   
 Cheng, Feng | ; 
  Rehder, Bob 
    
 Humans possess knowledge of causal systems with deep compositional structures. For example, we know that a good soccer team needs players to fill different roles, with each role demanding a configuration of skills from the player. These causal systems operate on multiple object types (player roles) that are defined by features within objects (skills). This study explores how human learners perform on novel causal learning problems in which they need to infer multiple object types in a bottom-up manner, using empirical information as a cue for their existence. We model subjects' learning process with Bayesian models, drawing hypotheses from different spaces of logical expressions. We found that although subjects exhibited partial success on tasks that required learning one object type, they mostly failed at those that required learning multiple types. Our result identifies the learning of object types as a major obstacle for human acquisition of complex causal systems.  

 Are Abstract Relational Roles Encoded Visually? Evidence from Priming Effects   
   
 Petrov, Alexander Alexandrov | ; 
  Du, Yuhui 
    
 It remains controversial whether the visual system encodes abstract relational roles such as Agent and Patient in visual events. The present experiment tested whether abstract role bindings induce priming effects across consecutive events. Each trial included a static target image preceded either by a brief silent video of a priming event or by an audio-visual presentation of an English sentence describing the same event. Example sentence: ‚ÄúThe red goat on the left knocked down the blue goat on the right.‚Äù 64 videos counterbalanced 4 event types: launching, deforming, breaking, and a relationally ambiguous control. The set of static targets were the final frames of the same videos. The role bindings were either repeated, switched, or ambiguous across the target and prime. The dependent variable was the latency on a color-localization task (e.g., whether the red animal was on the left or on the right). Whereas the linguistic primes had no statistically significant effect on the latency of the visual task, the role bindings of the video primes did have an effect: The latency on unambiguous trials (which required role binding) was significantly greater than that on ambiguous trials (on which at least one component lacked clear relational roles). This suggests the visual system is sensitive to (the ambiguity of) the role bindings of abstract relations.  

 Autopoiesis meets mechanistic computation: A proof of concept of computational post-cognitivism   
   
 Riegl, Stefan | ; 
  Thill, Serge 
    
 Recent research suggests that post-cognitivist and computationalist paradigms are not necessarily incompatible. Here, we provide further support in favour of this proposition. Specifically, we demonstrate that it is possible to provide an implementation of two relevant verbal theories, Autopoietic Theory and Mechanistic Computation, that can analyse the AND-gate in Game of Life from the point of view of an autopoietic observer, identifying unities that show the property of either autopoiesis, mechanistic computation, or both. The explicit implementation also highlights the kind of considerations that a formalisation of a computational post-cognitivist theory has to address, which are not necessarily apparent from verbal theories alone.  

 Dynamic Graph Convolution Based on Functional Neuroimaging Priors for EEG Mental Fatigue Recognition on Cross-subject   
   
 Jiang, Man | ; 
  Jin, Jianxiu | ; 
  Huang, Xubin | ; 
  Xiang, Zirui | ; 
  SHU, LIN 
    
 Mental fatigue among drivers is a primary factor in many traffic accidents. Electroencephalography (EEG), which directly measures neurophysiological activities in the brain, is commonly used for fatigue recognition. However, cross-subject research in fatigue recognition using EEG faces challenges such as low spatial resolution and significant individual variability. Inspired by neuroscience, a dynamic graph convolution learning from functional neuroimaging (FNI-DGCNN) is proposed, making up for EEG's low spatial resolution. We first use a multi-scale spatiotemporal learning block to extract EEG features with attention allocation, then initialize the adjacency matrix based on prior knowledge about fatigue recognition mechanisms from functional neuroimaging, use the extracted features and the adjacency matrix to initialize the graph, and finally use dynamic graph convolution further to study the intrinsic functional connectivity of mental fatigue. The proposed method achieves an accuracy of 88.89% among 17 subjects, outperforming existing EEG models for cross-subject.  

 Goal-directed Allocation of Gaze Reflects Situated Action Control in Dynamic Tasks   
   
 Heinrich, Nils Wendel | ; 
  Ōsterdiekhoff, Annika | ; 
  Kopp, Stefan | ; 
  Russwinkel, Nele 
    
 How humans engage in goal-directed behavior within dynamic environments is still not completely understood. Pursuing goals in an environment that is characterized by constant unpredictable changes might be possible through the interaction of multiple layers of action control. A cognitive layer exerts situational control by selecting action intentions, while a motor control layer is responsible for execution. The motor layer informs the cognitive level, about disturbances during execution of these action intentions. We present an experimental dynamic environment, combining motor control manipulation and eye-tracking to investigate visuomotor grounding of cognitive processes. Our results indicate that inefficient motor control prompts strategic shifts in eye- movement behavior, with fixations closer to a reference point under moderate motor noise and further away under increased noise. We further find fixational and smooth pursuit eye movements that can be directly mapped to pursued action intentions. These findings shed light on the changes in action selection caused by noise in the motor system and can be used in a next step to investigate moment-to-moment changes in the pursuit of action intentions under inefficient motor control.  

 A nonparametric model of object discovery   
   
 Little, Pat | ; 
  Gureckis, Todd M 
    
 A detailed model of the outside world is an essential ingredient of human cognition, enabling us to navigate, form goals, execute plans, and avoid danger. Critically, these world models are flexible‚Äîthey can arbitrarily expand to introduce previously-undetected objects when new information suggests their presence. Although the number of possible undetected objects is theoretically infinite, people rapidly and accurately infer unseen objects in everyday situations. How? Here we investigate one approach to characterizing this behavior‚Äîas nonparametric clustering over low-level cues‚Äîand report preliminary results comparing a computational model to human physical inferences from real-world video.  

 On quantifying schematicity of future narratives   
   
 Kinley, Isaac | ; 
  Addis, Donna Rose | ; 
  Fynes-Clinton, Samuel | ; 
  Roberts, Reece | ; 
  Xu, Yang 
    
 Schemas are mental representations of common structures of our experience, and they are centrally important to human thinking and memory. Recently, it has been proposed that schemas also play an important role in structuring our imagination of the future. However, tools for automatically measuring the schematic content of written and spoken event narratives are underdeveloped. Here, we report a preliminary investigation into a set of metrics that may differentiate between more and less schematic narratives. Across two experiments, we find that written and spoken narratives that are schema-congruent are more associative, in that they contain words that are more strongly psychologically associated with one another. We discuss how this finding might contribute to the development of tools to automatically measure schematicity in future narratives.  

 Explaining the Conjunction Fallacy   
   
 Trpin, Borut | ; 
  Hartmann, Stephan 
    
 The conjunction fallacy (CF) describes a pattern where individuals disregard the principles of probability by assessing certain conjunctive statements as more probable than the individual parts of those statements. The fallacy may be fruitfully reconstructed as the normatively correct assessment of something else than probability, for instance of inductive confirmation or coherence. We argue that these approaches have some counter-intuitive consequences in scenarios that have not yet been experimentally tested. We then suggest a novel explanation of the CF according to which the fallacious reasoning arises due to an assessment of explanatory power.  

 Modeling the Emergence of Letter Shapes   
   
 Hein, Alice | ; 
  Diepold, Klaus 
    
 Graphic codes across times and cultures consistently share certain visual characteristics. According to the ecological hypothesis, this is because glyphs reflect the input statistics to which our visual system has adapted. We computationally model this hypothesis by employing a drawing-based signaling game involving two AI models to explore factors that impact empirical regularities in the surface form of artificially evolved glyphs and their similarity to human visual signs. In our first experiment, we investigate the role of the models' perception system on glyph line orientation and symmetry. We find that these characteristics are impacted by the input statistics of data used to pre-train models and, to a lesser extent, canvas shape and architectural model properties. Our second experiment analyzes the grapho-phonemic mapping that emerges when we integrate representations learned by a deep learning model trained for speech conversion into our setup.  

 Improved classification accuracy in deep vision models does not come with better predictions of perceptual similarity   
   
 Günther, Fritz | ; 
  Marelli, Marco | ; 
  Petilli, Marco 
    
 Over the last years, advancements in deep learning models for computer vision have led to a dramatic improvement in their image classification accuracy. However, models with a higher accuracy in the task they were trained on do not necessarily develop better image representations that allow them to also perform better in other tasks they were not trained on. In order to investigate the representation learning capabilities of prominent high-performing computer vision models, we investigated how well they capture various indices of perceptual similarity from large-scale behavioral datasets. We find that higher image classification accuracy rates are not associated with a better performance on these datasets, and in fact we observe no improvement in performance since GoogLeNet (released 2015) and VGG-M (released 2014). We speculate that more accurate classification may result from hyper-engineering towards very fine-grained distinctions between highly similar classes, which does not incentivize the models to capture overall perceptual similarities.  

 Does Explainable AI Need Cognitive Models?   
   
 Budding, Céline | ; 
  Zednik, Carlos 
    
 Explainable AI (XAI) aims to explain the behavior of opaque AI systems, and in this way, increase their trustworthiness. However, current XAI methods are explanatorily deficient. On the one hand, "top-down" XAI methods allow for global and local prediction, but rarely support targeted internal interventions. On the other hand, "bottom-up" XAI methods may support such interventions, but rarely provide global behavioral predictions. To overcome this limitation, we argue that XAI should follow the lead of cognitive science in developing cognitive models that simultaneously reproduce behavior and support interventions. Indeed, novel methods such as mechanistic interpretability and causal abstraction analysis already reflect cognitive modeling principles that are familiar from the explanation of animal and human intelligence. As these methods might serve as best practices for trustworthy AI, they deserve closer philosophical scrutiny.  

 Self-Hint Prompting Improves Zero-shot Reasoning in Large Language Models via Reflective Cycle   
   
 Chen, Jindou | ; 
  Tian, Jidong | ; 
  Jin, Yaohui 
    
 Chain-of-Thought (CoT) has brought a fresh perspective to improve the reasoning ability of large language models (LLMs). To relieve the burden of manual design in CoT, Zero-shot CoT has pioneered a direct interaction with LLMs. Based on it, researchers attempt to optimize reasoning paths through various prompting approaches like reflection, selection, and planning. However, few studies have focused on the possibility of combining all these strategies through a cognitive theory. Inspired by experiential learning, this paper proposes a new zero-shot prompting method based on Kolb's reflective cycle, named Self-Hint prompting. Specifically, Self-Hint prompting introduces an automated iterative interaction approach to simulate the conscious reflection process, which uses intermediate observations as hints to guide LLMs. We have conducted comprehensive experiments on various math reasoning benchmarks. The empirical results on GPT models demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Proposed Self-Hint prompting consistently outperforms other zero-shot baselines.  

 Using Counterfactual Tasks to Evaluate the Generality of Analogical Reasoning in Large Language Models   
   
 Lewis, Martha | ; 
  Mitchell, Melanie 
    
 Large language models (LLMs) have performed well on several reasoning benchmarks, including ones that test analogical reasoning abilities. However, it has been debated whether they are actually performing humanlike abstract reasoning or instead employing less general processes that rely on similarity to what has been seen in their training data. Here we investigate the generality of analogy-making abilities previously claimed for LLMs (Webb, Holyoak, & Lu, 2023). We take one set of analogy problems used to evaluate LLMs and create a set of ‚Äúcounterfactual‚Äù variants‚Äîversions that test the same abstract reasoning abilities but that are likely dissimilar from any pre-training data. We test humans and three GPT models on both the original and counterfactual problems, and show that, while the performance of humans remains high for all the problems, the GPT models' performance declines sharply on the counterfactual set. This work provides evidence that, despite previously reported successes of LLMs on analogical reasoning, these models lack the robustness and generality of human analogy-making.  

 Questioning Two Common Assumptions concerning Group Agency and Group Cognition   
   
 Peck, Zachary | ; 
  Chemero, Anthony 
    
 In this paper, we identify two common assumptions underlying popular accounts of group agency. The first assumption is that paradigmatic cases of agency are to be identified with individual organisms, typically human beings. The second assumption is that cognition requires the manipulation of mental representations. Combining these two assumptions generates the status quo account of group agency, namely that a group's agency ontologically depends upon the mental representations of the individuals that constitute the group. We provide a taxonomy of views about group agency along two axes, each corresponding to the extent to which the view endorses (or rejects) one of these two common assumptions. We believe that none of the standard conceptions of group cognition and agency reject both of these two assumptions. After developing brief arguments against both assumptions, we provide a brief sketch of what an account of group agency that rejects both assumptions might look like.  

 Investigating Iconicity in Vision-and-Language Models: A Case Study of the Bouba/Kiki Effect in Japanese Models   
   
 Iida, Hinano | ; 
  Funakura, Hayate 
    
 Extensive evidence from diverse areas of the cognitive sciences suggests that iconicity‚Äîthe resemblance between form and its meaning‚Äîis pervasive and plays a pivotal role in the processing, memory, and evolution of human language. However, despite its acknowledged importance, iconicity in language models remains notably underexplored. This paper examines whether Japanese language models learn iconic associations between shape and sound, known as the bouba/kiki (or maluma/takete) effect, which has been widely observed in human language as well as English and multilingual vision-and-language models, including Finnish, Indonesian, Hungarian, and Lithuanian models in previous studies. A comparison between the current results and the previous studies revealed that Japanese models learn language-specific aspects of iconicity, such as the associations between /p/ and roundness, and /…°/ and hardness, reflecting the sound symbolic system in Japanese.  

 Parents modify their prosody when asking questions with pedagogical intent   
   
 Bascandziev, Igor | ; 
  Shafto, Patrick | ; 
  Bonawitz, Elizabeth 
    
 Although children are on the receiving end of pedagogical questions (asked with an intent to teach) and information-seeking questions (asked with an intent to seek information), little is known about how children differentiate between the two types of questions. Here, we tested if parents spontaneously modulate their prosody when asking pedagogical as opposed to information- seeking questions. To test this, we asked 35 parent- child pairs to engage in a learning game where parents were asking questions while being in the role of a teacher (pedagogical) or in the role of a student (information- seeking). Next, 128 na√Øve listeners judged the questions produced by parents. We found that na√Øve listeners could reliably differentiate the two types of questions on the basis of prosody alone. This finding highlights the importance of prosody as a mechanism for communicating pedagogical intent in parent-child interactions.  

 EEG-Based Emotion Recognition via Convolutional Transformer with Class Confusion-Aware Attention   
   
 Pan, Jiahui | ; 
  Bai, Chenyu 
    
 Currently, emotion recognition based on electroencephalograms (EEGs) has a wide range of applications. Although many approaches have been proposed for automatic emotion recognition with favorable performance, there are still several challenges: (1) how to sufficiently model the long- and short-term temporal feature discrepancies and redundant spatial information of EEGs and (2) how to alleviate the negative impact of the ambiguity of emotion classes. To tackle these issues, we propose the CSET-CCA, a novel framework for EEG-based emotion recognition. The feature extractor of this model combines the 1D convolutional neural network (CNN), channel Squeeze-and-Excitation (SE) module and transformer. It can extract the temporal features of EEG signals from local and global perspectives and select the critical channels in emotion recognition. Moreover, to adaptively perceive the confusion degrees of classes and increase the model's attention on confusing emotion classes, we design class confusion-aware (CCA) attention. We evaluate the CSET-CCA with the SEED and SEED-V datasets. The experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods.  

 Metaphor Comprehension in Preschoolers: A Pragmatic Skill   
   
 Raihert, Claudia | ; 
  Grigoroglou, Myrto 
    
 While metaphors are an integral part of everyday speech, developmental studies on metaphor comprehension present very mixed findings. Some studies demonstrate successful metaphor comprehension only after age 10, while others show evidence of metaphorical understanding even at age 3. However, given the great variability in the types of metaphors and tasks used to assess children's understanding, the exact age of development of metaphor comprehension remains unclear. Here we introduce a new paradigm for metaphor comprehension tapping into 3- and 4-year-olds' ability to assess a non-literal statement as being either relevant or irrelevant to the discourse. Results demonstrate successful - albeit incomplete - metaphor comprehension in 4-year-olds but persistent limitations in 3-year-olds. Our study provides corroborative evidence to the early development of metaphor comprehension, while raising questions about the methodologies that could best showcase pragmatic skills during metaphor comprehension in early preschool years.  

 Neural Indices of Online Statistical Learning in Visual Speech   
   
 Kynclova, Katerina | ; 
  Chladkova, Katerina 
    
 The present study investigated online neural indices of statistical learning of silent speech. Adult participants were exposed to naturally mouthed, silent syllable streams in an artificial language in two conditions. In one condition, 12 syllables occurred randomly; in the other the syllables were structured into four syllable triplets, i.e. statistical words. In the recorded EEG signal, phase synchronisation in neural oscillations was assessed at the rate of syllables and words occurring in the exposure streams. Largest phase synchronisation was detected for the word rate during exposure to the structured stream. Moreover, the neural synchronisation to word rate increased throughout the exposure within the structured stream. In a behavioural post-test, however, no learning effects were detected. The EEG results demonstrate sensitivity to statistical regularities in viewed silent speech. These findings indicate that statistical learning in speech and language can be effectively measured online even in the absence of auditory cues.  

 Refixation Strategies in Sentential Word Reading: An Exploration by Linked Linear Mixed Models   
   
 Ōzkan, Ay≈üegül | ; 
  Acarturk, Cengiz 
    
 The current study undertakes refixation patterns on words in sentential reading. Utilizing a Linked Linear Mixed Model approach, the analysis focused on words with a single fixation and the first fixation from words with a double fixation. The model findings revealed a relationship between refixation probability and fixation locations, with initial fixations tending to occur closer to the beginning of a word in instances of higher refixation likelihood. Incorporating predicted and residual values of the fixation location models into the fixation duration models resulted in congruence in the observed fixation locations, durations, and residual values. Finally, the models revealed differences between progressive and regressive second fixations.  

 Good-Enough' Processing by Heritage Speakers: A Case of Korean Suffixal Passive and Morphological Causative Constructions   
   
 Shin, Gyu-Ho 
    
 The present study investigates how heritage speakers conduct ‚Äògood-enough' processing at the interface of home-language proficiency, cognitive skills, and task types. For this purpose, we employ two word-order patterns of two clausal constructions in Korean (suffixal passive; morphological causative) which differ in the mapping between thematic roles and case-marking and the interpretive procedures driven by verbal morphology. We find that, while Korean heritage speakers demonstrate the same kind of acceptability-rating behaviour as monolingual Korean speakers do, their reading-time patterns are notably modulated by construction-specific properties, cognitive skills, and proficiency. This suggests a heritage speaker's ability and willingness to conduct both parsing routes, induced by linguistic cues in a non-dominant language, which are proportional to the computational complexity involving these cues.  

 Relative Rank Predicts Judgements About Others' Pro-Environmental Behavior   
   
 Coulson, Harry D. | ; 
  Harris, Adam 
    
 Judgements about others' behavior is often made based on the relative rank of that behavior. We investigated this in the new domain of pro-environmental behavior, specifically for the categories of energy and water consumption, food (meat) consumption and transport choice. Using unimodal and bimodal distributions, we experimentally manipulated three fictional individuals' (common points) rank positions while keeping their absolute frequency of behaviors constant. Consistent with previous literature, participants' judgements about these people's pro-environmental behavior differed based on their rank position. Rank effects were not moderated by the perceived Importance of others' behavior, the perceived Visibility of the behavior, or the perceived level of Control. The results of this experiment are in line with a Decision by Sampling account of judgments of pro-environmental behavior, and set a foundation for future research seeking to conduct behavioral interventions (such as rank-based nudges) within this domain. Prior to this, however, future studies should investigate whether the smaller effect sizes found in this experiment, compared to those seen in previous research, are attributable to methodological differences, or the domain itself.  

 The Influence of Social Information and Presentation Interface on Aesthetic Evaluations   
   
 Urano, Yoko | ; 
  Marjieh, Raja | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom | ; 
  Jacoby, Nori 
    
 We make aesthetic judgments on a daily basis. While we think of these judgments as highly personal, they are often shaped by social context. This poses a computational problem: how do we combine social information and our individual judgments to produce a single evaluation? In this study, we examine social influence on aesthetic evaluations in online transmission chain experiments. We test not only the effect of social information, but also variation in effect depending on how information is presented--echoing the variety of interfaces we encounter in naturalistic cases. We find that social information significantly affects ratings across interfaces. Moreover, people tend to rely more heavily on their own judgment than on social information, compared to an ideally noise-reducing model for combining multiple signals. These results offer detailed insight into the formation of aesthetic judgment and suggest the need for extended investigation into social influence on subjective judgments more broadly.  

 Neural oscillatory and ERP indices of prediction in emotional speech   
   
 Kikoťová, Natàlie | ; 
  Chladkova, Katerina 
    
 The experiment reported here investigated the neural correlates of predictive processing of angry and neutral speech. Twenty-six participants listened to recordings of angry and neutral conversation segments, as well as to speech-shaped noise, while their EEG was recorded. Oscillatory power in the gamma band (30‚Äì80 Hz) and the N400 component of event-related potentials (ERP) to sentence-final words were analyzed. In comparison to neutral words, negative emotional valence significantly reduced the amplitude of the N400 elicited by sentence-final words. Furthermore, there was larger gamma power during exposure to angry speech in comparison to neutral speech. The results generally suggest increased prediction and facilitated semantic integration in negative as compared to neutral speech. To date, the predictability effects on gamma power have been reported with relation to the semantic-lexical content of words. The present findings demonstrate that gamma power is also modulated by the emotional content of speech.  

 When does suggestive language shape memory for car accidents? Assessing the role of elaboration and pragmatics in a classic framing effect   
   
 Holmes, Kevin J. | ; 
  Kassin, Lena | ; 
  Flusberg, Stephen 
    
 Does linguistic framing shape memory for consequential events? An influential study by Loftus and Palmer (1974) found that people estimated higher speeds when asked how fast the vehicles involved in an accident were going when they smashed (vs. hit) each other. This finding has proven difficult to replicate, however. Based on a key difference between the original study and previous replications, as well as recent work on linguistic framing, we hypothesized that verbal elaboration and pragmatic inference might moderate this classic effect. In two experiments (N = 1204), participants viewed a brief car accident video. They either wrote a verbal description of the event or did not before answering the verb-framed speed question. Participants who wrote longer descriptions and inferred a greater difference in intensity between the two verb frames were less likely to show the expected framing effect. These findings advance our understanding of how suggestive language influences recollections.  

 Word order and the learnability of artificial languages   
   
 van Tiel, Bob | ; 
  Carcassi, Fausto | ; 
  Zheng, Xiaochen Y 
    
 Languages vary in the way they typically order subject, verb, and object in transitive sentences. Although all six possible word orders are attested, there is great variability in the frequency with which they occur in the languages of the world. Here, we investigate whether this variability is reflected in differences in the learnability of the possible word orders. Thus, we carried out a language learning experiment in which native English speakers had to learn artificial languages with different word orders. The results suggest that there is broad correspondence between the typological frequency of different word orders and their learnability, which supports the hypothesis that there are cognitive and/or communicative factors that are responsible for the bias in the distribution of word orders. We further analyse the data using a novel computational model for simultaneous vocabulary and word order acquisition.  

 Generative Semantic Transformation Process: A Case Study in Goal Prediction via Online Bayesian Language Inference   
   
 Martinsons, Lorenss | ; 
  Muchovej, John | ; 
  Yildirim, Ilker 
    
 Language understanding in the real world occurs through noise ‚Äî often, lots of noise. What makes language understanding so robust? Here, we address this challenge with a new approach. We cast language understanding as Bayesian inference in a generative model of how world states arise and project to utterances. We develop this model in a case study of action understanding from language input: inferring the goal of an agent in 2D grid worlds from utterances. The generative model provides a prior over agents' goals, a planner that maps these goals to actions, and a ‚Äòlanguage-renderer' that creates utterances from these actions. The generative model also incorporates GPT-2 as a noisy language production model. We invert this process with sequential Monte Carlo. In a behavioral experiment, the resulting model, called the Generative Semantic Transformation Process, explains evolving goal inferences of humans as utterances unfold.  

 Incorporating a cognitive model for evidence accumulation into deep reinforcement learning agents   
   
 Mochizuki-Freeman, James | ; 
  Kabir, Md Rysul | ; 
  Tiganj, Zoran 
    
 Recent neuroscience studies suggest that the hippocampus encodes a low-dimensional ordered representation of evidence through sequential neural activity. Cognitive modelers have proposed a mechanism by which such sequential activity could emerge through the modulation of the decay rate of neurons with exponentially decaying firing profiles. Through a linear transformation, this representation gives rise to neurons tuned to a specific magnitude of evidence, resembling neurons recorded in the hippocampus. Here we integrated this cognitive model inside reinforcement learning agents and trained the agents to perform an evidence accumulation task designed to mimic a task used in experiments on animals. We found that the agents were able to learn the task and exhibit sequential neural activity as a function of the amount of evidence, similar to the activity reported in the hippocampus.  

 The Effects of Perspective Taking on Intellectual Humility and its Relationship to Confirmation Bias   
   
 Kotsogiannis, Foivos | ; 
  Spentza, Ioanna | ; 
  Nega, Chrysanthi 
    
 Intellectual humility (IH) is the ability to understand the limits of one's knowledge. It is important to maximize the benefits and mitigate the threats of IH. We explored the impact of perspective taking (PT) on IH and its connection to confirmation bias (CB). In a mixed pretest-posttest experiment with 174 participants randomly assigned to self- or other-perspective, IH was higher in the other-perspective (vs self-perspective). Also, exposure to other-perspective boosted IH (vs baseline) and exposure to self-perspective inhibited IH (vs baseline). Interestingly, IH was not correlated with CB, challenging the notion that IH is a protective factor against CB. The study illustrates a clear distinction between other- and self-perspective and their impact on IH. Practicing other-perspective, allows to transcend from one's egocentric views, fostering IH. While self-perspective, reinforces egocentric views, leading to intellectual arrogance. Lastly, both intellectually humble and arrogant are susceptible to CB, emphasizing the need for more research.  

 "Dancing on the ceiling": The role of different forms of thinking on retrospective reevaluation in children   
   
 Beaton, Rebecca | ; 
  Benton, Deon T. 
    
 An open question in the developmental causal learning literature concerns how children's beliefs about causal systems impact their inferences. This study investigated how 4- and 5-year-olds' causal beliefs related to their ‚Äúbackwards blocking‚Äù abilities, as well as whether associative learning or Bayesian inference better explained their judgements. Children were taught either that two causes together produced a larger effect than that produced by each individually or that they produced the same size effect as that produced by either one. A third group received no training. Results indicated that 4-year-olds engaged in backwards blocking only after additivity training and that their inferences mainly matched an associative model. In contrast, 5-year-olds consistently engaged in backwards blocking and produced responses that largely matched a Bayesian model. These findings suggest that the effect of children's beliefs about causal systems on their inferences undergoes a developmental progression and implicate the role of multiple cognitive mechanisms.  

 Contextual Control of Hopfield Networks in a Hippocampal Model   
   
 Chateau-Laurent, Hugo | ; 
  Alexandre, Frederic 
    
 Executive functions guide episodic memory to retrieve information essential for adaptive behavior. The prefrontal cortex achieves this by influencing hippocampal processing through anatomical projections targeting the entorhinal cortex and area CA1. However, most computational models of the hippocampus overlook this cognitive control, either neglecting it or implementing implausible direct connections to the hippocampus. This paper explores the contextual control of associative memory implemented by modern Hopfield networks, within a hippocampus-inspired autoencoder. Our experiments underscore the importance of proximity between prefrontal afferences and the locus of memory storage for efficient contextual modulation of episodic memory, challenging the standard model of hippocampal processing. These findings not only advance our understanding of higher-level cognition but also provide design principles for more adaptive machine learning algorithms.  

 Perceptual Category Learning Results in Modality-Specific Representations   
   
 Roark, Casey L 
    
 Categorization is a fundamental cognitive skill that spans the senses. Even so, most research has focused on categorization and category learning in the visual modality. As a result, it is not yet clear how modality influences the perceptual and cognitive processes supporting category learning. In two experiments, we tested whether category learning results in amodal or modality-specific representations. We found strong evidence for modality-specific representations with independent learning across modalities. These results highlight the need to look beyond vision when constructing and testing models categorization and category learning. These findings also contribute to the longstanding debate on the amodal/modal nature of human knowledge, which is of broad interest to the cognitive science community.  

 Generalizability of Conformist Social Influence Beyond Direct Reference   
   
 Mori, Ryutaro | ; 
  Suganuma, Hidezo | ; 
  Kameda, Tatsuya 
    
 Conformity refers to phenomena where people match their behavior to others. Much research has focused on cases where people observe others in identical situations, saying little about its depth or generalizability. When conforming, do people revise behaviors only in that specific situation, or do they update more deeply to maintain consistent behaviors across situations? Using simulations, we first show that deep and shallow conformity leads to contrasting group dynamics; only with deep conformity can groups accumulate improvements beyond individual lifespans. We further conduct an experiment using an estimation task to examine the depths of conformity in humans. People generally extended conformist social influence to new situations without direct reference to others. However, those who simply averaged their answer with that of the direct reference showed notable failures in this generalization. Collectively, our research highlights the importance of distinguishing different depths of conformity when studying social influence and resulting group outcomes.  

 Double Dissociations Emerge in a Flat Attractor Network   
   
 Malharin, Ihintza | ; 
  Mancini, Simona | ; 
  Magnuson, James 
    
 Double dissociations were long considered a gold standard for establishing functional modularity. However, Plaut (1995) demonstrated that double dissociations could result without underlying modularity. He damaged attractor networks with separate orthographic and semantic layers (as well as a hid- den layer with feedback connections from semantics) that were trained to map orthography to semantics. Damaging con- nections coming from either the orthographic layer or recur- rent semantic connections (to and from cleanup units) could both yield double dissociations, with some models exhibit- ing greater relative deficits for abstract words, and others for concrete words. We investigated whether double dissocia- tions would emerge in a simpler attractor network with 2 sets of units (orthographic and semantic) and 2 layers of connec- tions (orthographic-to-semantic and recurrent semantic con- nections). Random damage to orthographic-semantic con- nections yielded double dissocations (some damaged mod- els showed stronger relative deficits for abstract words, while others showed stronger relative deficits for concrete words). Semantic-semantic damage led only to concrete deficits. The presence of double dissociations given different degrees of damage in each model reconfirm Plaut's (1995) findings in simpler, ‚Äúflat‚Äù attractor network (O'Connor, Cree, & McRae 2009), with less potential for modularity. The tendency for concrete impairments given damage to the semantic attractor level is at once surprising and revealing; it demonstrates a di- vision of labor (and partial modularity) that emerges in this network. We will discuss theoretical implications, as well as next steps in this research program.  

 Make Use of Mooney Images to Distinguish between Machines and Humans   
   
 Li, Jingmeng | ; 
  Wei, Hui 
    
 Completely automated public Turing test to tell humans apart (CAPTCHA) aims to exploit the ability gaps between machines and humans to distinguish between them. However, the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology in the past decade has significantly narrowed the gap in some tasks based on natural images (e.g., object detection and recognition). Mooney images (MIs) are important research materials in the field of cognitive science. Compared to natural images, we perceive MIs relying more on the iteration between feedforward and feedback processes. In this paper, we explored an intriguing question: Can MIs be used to distinguish between machines and humans? Before this study, we first proposed a framework HiMI that generated the high-quality MIs from natural images and also allowed flexible adjustment of the perceived difficulty. Next, we designed two MI-based Turing test tasks related to foreground-background segregation and object recognition, respectively. We compared the performance of human subjects and the deep neural networks on these two tasks. The experimental results indicate the significant gaps between the deep neural networks and humans, providing evidence for the potential of MIs in the design of CAPTCHA schemes. We hope that HiMI will contribute to more research related to MIs in the fields of cognitive science and computer science.  

 Grammaticality illusions in Czech: A speeded acceptability study of agreement attraction   
   
 Lacina, Radim | ; 
  Dotlaƒçil, Jakub 
    
 Agreement attraction has been extensively studied in both the production and comprehension of language. In comprehension, it has been found that ungrammatical sentences such as '*The key to the cabinets were rusty' are often judged as acceptable due to the word 'cabinets' that matches the verb in number, but not when the attractor is singular ('cabinet'). This illusion of grammaticality has been documented in many of the world's languages. We report a speeded acceptability judgement experiment that tested the presence of this illusion in Czech. We find that Czech comprehenders notice the ungrammatical agreement pattern reliably, and that their acceptability judgements are affected by the number-match of the attractor. This number agreement attraction effect is however minuscule when compared to what has been reported in the literature on English. We show this in a comparative analysis of our data with those from Wagers et al. (2009).  

 A Comparison of Two Memory Models of Attitude Retrieval   
   
 Orr, Mark G. | ; 
  Lebiere, Christian | ; 
  Pirolli, Peter | ; 
  Morrison, Don 
    
 The study of attitudes in the social psychology literature displays a dearth of computational modeling efforts. The principal modeling approach has been artificial neural networks, typically in the form of simple recurrent networks. The most recent and influential work in this vein relies on Ising-like or Hopfield-like models, with a focus on network properties and parameters such as system temperature and their effects on the dynamics of attitude formation. This work, however, is seldom informed by or integrated with contemporary cognitive modeling. This affects (i) the broader validity of the social psychology approach, (ii) its ability to account for learning in a principled way, and (iii) an understanding of the dynamics of attitude retrieval. We describe two studies that provide a simple but direct comparison between the social psychology approach and cognitive modeling, focusing on characterizing the performance differences between the two modeling paradigms.  

 Peer tutoring vs. solo activities: Effects on learning and emotion   
   
 Dass, Ronessa | ; 
  Jacques, Kaleigh St. | ; 
  Muldner, Kasia 
    
 Code tracing involves simulating at a high level the steps a computer takes when it executes a computer program. This is a fundamental skill needed for programming activities, but one that novices find challenging. Thus, work is needed on how to support novice programmers in this activity. We conducted an experimental study with university students (N = 56) learning to code trace in two conditions, namely peer tutoring and solo code tracing. Our primary outcome variable was learning. However, since how students feel is also an important factor in educational settings, we also measured student emotion. Contrary to prior work in other domains, there was no significant benefit of peer tutoring and self-reported levels of emotion were similar in the two conditions; Bayesian statistics provided evidence for the null model in the majority of cases.  

 Emergent Mental Lexicon Functions in ChatGPT   
   
 Kello, Christopher | ; 
  Bruna, Polyphony J 
    
 Traditional theories of the human mental lexicon posit dedicated mechanisms of processing that develop as sustained functions of brain and mind. Large Language Models (LLMs) provide a new approach in which lexical functions emerge from the learning and processing of sequences in contexts. We prompted lexical functions in ChatGPT and compared numeric responses with averaged human data for a sample of 390 words for a range of lexical variables, some derived from corpus analyses and some from Likert ratings. ChatGPT responses were moderately to highly correlated with mean values, more so for GPT-4 versus GPT-3.5, and responses were sensitive to context and human inter-rater reliability. We argue that responses were not recalled from memorized training data but were instead soft-assembled from more general-purpose representations. Emergent functions in LLMs offer a new approach to modeling language and cognitive processes.  

 Testing the Maximum Entropy Approach to Awareness Growth in Bayesian Epistemology and Decision Theory   
   
 Fuchs, Rafael | ; 
  Tesic, Marko | ; 
  Hahn, Ulrike 
    
 In this paper, we explore the objective-Bayesian principle of minimum information and Maximum Entropy as a solution to the problem of awareness growth: how should rational agents adjust their beliefs upon becoming aware of new possibilities? We introduce the Maximum Entropy principle as a theoretical solution to the problem of awareness growth and present the results of two experiments conducted to compare human reasoners' responses with the theoretical prescriptions of the Maximum Entropy approach. We discover that, although the MaxEnt method may appear computationally demanding, participants' responses are largely consistent with the theoretical prescription.  

 Rethinking AI: Moving Beyond Humans as Exclusive Creators   
   
 Ye, Renee 
    
 Termed the 'Made-by-Human Hypothesis,' I challenge the commonly accepted notion that Artificial Intelligence (AI) is exclusively crafted by humans, emphasizing its impediment to progress. I argue that influences beyond human agency significantly shape AI's trajectory. Introducing the 'Hybrid Hypothesis,' I suggest that the creation of AI is multi-sourced; methods such as evolutionary algorithms influencing AI originate from diverse sources and yield varied impacts. I argue that the development of AI models will increasingly adopt a 'Human+' hybrid composition, where human expertise merges with AI's intrinsic mechanisms, which themselves are influenced by non-human sources. The Hybrid Hypothesis posits that the origin of AI extends beyond human influence, prompting a thorough exploration of unresolved issues in the field of artificial intelligence.  

 Virtue ethics in autonomous agents   
   
 Zurek, Tomasz | ; 
  Stachura-Zurek, Dorota 
    
 The paper presents a model and a discussion of the computational representation of virtue ethics in autonomous devices. One of the key problems in formal modeling of virtue ethics is the computational representation of the concept of virtue. In our model, the virtue is represented by a set of minimal extents to which a set of values, relevant to the virtue, should be satisfied. A device will be moral if any decision made satisfies all relevant values above the declared thresholds.  

 Pluralism in Social Cognition and Predictive Processing   
   
 Venter, Elmarie 
    
 In this paper, I explore two issues with the pluralist approach to social cognition. First, the pluralist approach does not assume any particular cognitive framework that could accommodate the variety of strategies in social cognition. Second, the pluralist approach suggests that a variety of strategies are employed in social cognition but neglects to address how mediation takes place between strategies. I argue that both these issues can be addressed if the pluralist approach situates itself in the predictive processing framework. To elaborate on this, I propose that 1) the strategies for social cognition include obtaining and testing theories in generative models about the behavior and mental states of others, 2) interactional synchrony is a strategy employed in simple social situations and 3) affordances play an unprecedented role in mediating between strategies.  

 Do children predict the sunk cost bias if prompted to consider effort and emotion?   
   
 Sehl, Claudia G. | ; 
  Denison, Stephanie | ; 
  Friedman, Ori 
    
 Adults expect others' choices will be biased by investments of effort, time, or money. However, children do not similarly consider past investments when anticipating others' actions. We examined whether prompting children about effort and emotion impacts their predictions about sunk costs. Children aged 5 to 7 years (N = 180) saw scenarios where a character collected two identical objects, one easy to obtain and the other difficult. Before children were asked which of the two objects the character will keep (sunk cost prediction), they were either asked an effort, sadness, or a control prompt. Children in the effort and sadness prompts selected the high-cost objects, suggesting they expected the character to be biased by sunk costs. However, similar to previous findings, children in the control prompt condition selected objects at chance-level. These findings suggest that if prompted, young children can anticipate others will be biased by sunk costs.  

 Explaining Human Comparisons using Alignment-Importance Heatmaps   
   
 Truong, Nhut | ; 
  Pesenti, Dario | ; 
  Hasson, Uri 
    
 We present a computational explainability approach for human comparison tasks, using Alignment Importance Score (AIS) heatmaps derived from deep-vision models. The AIS reflects a feature-map's unique contribution to the alignment between Deep Neural Network's (DNN) representational geometry and that of humans. We first validate the AIS by showing that prediction of out-of-sample human similarity judgments is improved when constructing representations using only higher-AIS feature maps identified from a training set. We then compute image-specific heatmaps that visually indicate the areas corresponding to feature-maps with higher AIS scores. These maps provide an intuitive explanation of which image areas are more important when it is compared to other images in a cohort. We observe a strong correspondence between these heatmaps and saliency maps produced by a gaze-prediction model. However, in some cases, meaningful differences emerge, as the dimensions relevant for comparison are not necessarily the most visually salient. In sum, Alignment Importance improves prediction of human similarity judgments from DNN embeddings, and provides interpretable insights into the relevant information in image space.  

 Event Segmentation in Chess   
   
 Pfoertner, Patric Daniel | ; 
  Hristova, Penka 
    
 How do chess players perceive events in a chess game, as these events unfold in in real-time? The study builds upon the hierarchical bias hypothesis, stating that observers instinctively segment activities in alignment with a partonomic hierarchy. The alignment effect observed in previous research is replicated, while chess experts' outperformed novices. Participants watched chess game videos and identified event boundaries. Data was analysed using discrete, continuous methods, as well as an agreement index. The results aim to deepen our understanding of the cognitive processes involved in chess expertise and event segmentation. They highlight the hierarchical organisation of mental representations in strategic contexts.  

 Acute stress impairs performance in a computationally hard cognitive task   
   
 Doroc, Karlo 
    
 Acute stress triggers a cascade of physiological and psychological changes including heightened cortisol levels, perspiration, and anxiety. Existing research has focused on acute stress's effect on cognition in basic tasks of executive functioning, but its effect on computationally harder tasks is not well understood. Here, in a within-participants laboratory experiment (n=42, mostly college students), we test for an effect of acute stress on decision-making at varying levels of computational hardness in the 0-1 Knapsack Decision Problem. We find that acute stress, induced via the Trier Social Stress Test, leads to impaired decision quality irrespective of the level of computational hardness. Among cortisol responders, higher cortisol levels were associated with lower decision quality and higher time on task. Our findings help bridge the gap between research on executive functioning tasks and `real-world decisions', building a more nuanced understanding of how acute stress affects decision-making.  

 Influence of mantra meditation on intensity mismatch negativity   
   
 Srivastava, Chandan | ; 
  O'Reilly, Jamie A | ; 
  Gupta, Rashmi 
    
 Studies investigating the effects of focused attention (FA) meditation on mismatch negativity (MMN) have produced inconsistent and conflicting findings, highlighting the need for well-powered studies exploring different meditation styles to fully understand MMN modulation. Addressing methodological concerns from prior research, the current study specifically examines expertise in mantra meditation, a form of focused attention meditation, utilizing a sufficiently powered investigation with an intensity MMN paradigm. This paradigm incorporates both louder and quieter deviant stimuli to assess the impact of meditation expertise and to discern whether meditation-induced MMN effects reflect higher-order cognitive processes or result from sensory adaptation. While the results suggest a trend of higher MMN in novices compared to experts, statistical significance was not achieved. The modest effect observed is likely due to using novices as an active control group, benefiting from enhanced attention skills fostered by the repetitive speech and rhythmic nature inherent in mantra meditation. The consistent unidirectional polarity shift in event-related potential (ERP) responses to both types of deviant stimuli implies that intensity-related MMN effects may not solely depend on loudness-dependent modulation of sensory components but could signify higher-order deviance detection. Complementary findings from eLORETA source localization indicate consistent bilateral temporal and frontal cortex activity, with lower amplitudes observed in the expert mantra meditator group compared to novices.  

 Pitch Expectancy Modulates Cross-Modal Correspondence Effect   
   
 Georgieva, Lazarina Ivanova | ; 
  Janyan, Armina 
    
 A number of studies have investigated whether cross-modal correspondence effect occurs in purely automatic manner or whether top-down processes can be involved in the processing. The current study addresses the disparity in the research conducting two experiments, using a classical audiovisual cross-modal correspondence paradigm and testing possible involvement of the endogenous component in the effect. Experiment 1 replicated previous findings and showed presence of cross-modal correspondence between pitch and spatial position. However, the effect was significant only in upper spatial position. Experiment 2 showed that task-related pitch probability manipulation made the cross-modal correspondence effect to disappear, however revealing an asymmetrical pattern that was highly dependent on pitch probability and spatial position. Overall, the results suggested a non-automaticity of the cross-modal correspondence effect and a possible involvement of endogenous component in the effect.  

 Universal cognition in the context of resources and goals   
   
 Phillips, Steven 
    
 The classical (symbol system) theory of cognition is supposed to explain systematicity---the coexistence of cognitive abilities. However, the classical theory does not explain why cognitive systems should be symbolic, nor why cognition sometimes fails to be systematic, so the symbol system assumption is seen by some as ad hoc: motivated only to fit the data. A mathematical theory is presented as a framework towards addressing these questions in terms of the available cognitive resources and the intended goals. A cognitive system is supposed to be resource-dependent and goal-driven. Accordingly, systematicity, or lack thereof follows from a universal construction principle (in a category theory sense) in this context---systems of symbols arise (or, fail to arise) as the "best" possible mapping given the available resources and the intended goal.  

 Bayesian Belief Polarization due to Differential Perceptions of Source Independence   
   
 Young, David J. | ; 
  de-Wit, Lee H | ; 
  Madsen, Jens Koed 
    
 Belief polarization represents a puzzling and important dynamic in belief updating. There is growing awareness that belief polarization can be Bayesian. We provide pre-registered experimental evidence that beliefs can polarize when people receive conflicting testimony from two groups of sources if they have different beliefs about which group's members have greater independence in terms of the factors which affect their testimony. We show this is predicted by a Bayesian Network model of belief updating.  

 Modelling the prevalence of hidden profiles with complex argument structures   
   
 Siebe, Hendrik 
    
 In this paper, we first introduce the `complex hidden profile', a previously overlooked category of hidden profiles that arises from complex inferential relations among arguments. Second, in order to investigate the conditions under which interrelated arguments can generate hidden profiles, we introduce a novel Bayesian agent-based framework for collective reasoning with complex argument structures. Finally, we show that that many possible argument structures can generate hidden profiles, even when agents do not have any information in common.  

 Violations of Core Object Principles Change Adults' Behaviors in Maze Games   
   
 Liu, Rongzhi | ; 
  Xu, Fei 
    
 A set of fundamental principles governs our reasoning about objects since infancy: solidity, continuity, and contact. Past studies have shown that adults can revise these principles given a small amount of counterevidence. However, how far would they generalize their revised beliefs? In the present experiments, we demonstrate that given a diverse set of counterevidence, adults changed their behaviors in subsequent maze games. These results demonstrate that adults can generalize their revised beliefs about the core object principles to a completely different virtual environment.  

 Context affects the comprehension of implicit arguments: Evidence from the maze task   
   
 Ungerer, Tobias | ; 
  de Almeida, Roberto G. 
    
 Linguistic arguments can be either explicitly realized (After she phoned him, ‚Ä¶) or left implicit (After she phoned [‚àÖ], ‚Ä¶). In production, the choice between these options is thought to depend on the contextual predictability of the implied referent. We investigated whether different contextual referents (single vs. multiple vs. underspecified) also affect the comprehension of implicit arguments, using the ‚Äúmaze‚Äù variant of self-paced reading. Our results suggest that, rather than predictability, other context-dependent pragmatic effects, such as the perceived genericness of actions, may influence how speakers comprehend implicitly encoded information.  

 Joint Improvisation; Perception of Togetherness in Contemporary Dance Performance   
   
 Speranza, Trinidad Belén | ; 
  Flores Bravo, Ivonnia M | ; 
  Ramenzoni, Verónica 
    
 Joint improvisation is central to how we navigate the social world, engage and maintain social interactions, and perceive interactions between other people. This project investigates people's ability to distinguish between joint and individual actions (contemporary joint vs. solo dance improvisation) and the information they use to make this determination. In Experiment 1, participants were asked to identify whether two people were improvising dance movements together or alone. Experiment 2 explored how much people's decision-making relies on information about the dancers' facial expressions and gaze direction. Overall, results showed we can accurately identify improvised joint actions, even when the actors' faces and gaze direction are occluded.  

 Your intentions matter: The selection of an orthogonal feature of an intended object influences attentional control.   
   
 Deep Sharma, Niteesh | ; 
  Kumar, Devpriya | ; 
  Srinivasan, Narayanan 
    
 The ability to act purposefully demands formulating intentions in the form of mental representation of actions required to achieve a purpose. Goal-directed behavior also needs apt control of attention for its completion. Here, by using a selective attention task for stimuli presented with an intended/unintended orthogonal feature, we attempted to understand the underlying mechanisms of how our intentions to get self-chosen outcomes modulate attentional and inhibitory processes. Results show a processing advantage for intended outcomes and no disadvantage for unintended or unselected outcomes compared to a neutral outcome. The findings support the role of intention in monitoring and control of action outcomes, as suggested by the dynamic theory of intention.  

 Children's unexpected inferences across knowledge types   
   
 McCarthy, Amanda | ; 
  Courtney, Emma | ; 
  Keil, Frank 
    
 Developmental psychologists have often turned to children to clarify understanding of functional and mechanistic cognition. Here, we investigate children's epistemic inferences of function ‚Äì what a thing is for ‚Äì and mechanism ‚Äì how a thing works. Children, like adults, believe a mechanism-knower knows more than a function-knower (Study 1). Yet, unlike adults, children do not expect that a mechanism-knower is also more likely to know function than a function-knower is to know mechanism (Study 2). Children's experience of learning function and mechanism of complex systems sheds light on this asymmetry; Children who are taught just mechanism can infer the complementary function, but, interestingly, children who are taught just function can likewise infer the complementary mechanism (Study 3). This paper considers the nature of children's epistemic intuitions and whether those beliefs are reflective of children's learning experience.  

 Mechanistic Explanations in the Cognitive Sciences: Beyond Linear Storytelling   
   
 Hölken, Alexander Michael 
    
 Over the last two decades, an increasing number of cognitive scientists have turned to mechanistic explanatory frameworks in their efforts to describe and explain cognitive phenomena. Most mechanistic frameworks conceive of cognitive systems as composed of functionally-individuated components whose functions are narrowly defined by their ranges of possible inputs and outputs, as well as their relations to other components within the phenomenon-producing mechanism. In this paper, I argue that this modular view of cognitive mechanisms as linear systems is not applicable to biological cognitive systems, and offer an alternative characterization using the methodology of Dynamical Systems Theory.  

 The impact of Inter Stimulus Interval on Semantic Priming: hysteresis or adaptation? A SOM neural network model   
   
 Gliozzi, Valentina 
    
 Recent results show that 18 months old infants are sensitive to taxonomic relations and that, similarly to adults, these relations are modulated by Inter Stimulus Interval. A very influential proposal in the distributed representations literature explains the impact of ISI on semantic priming as the result of a phenomenon called hysteresis. Here we propose that the same results could also be explained by the opposite phenomenon of adaptation. The existence of two possible explanations calls for more experiments to understand if hysteresis or adaptation can explain the role of ISI on semantic priming.  

 Strong but wrong: Adult's intuitions of functional and mechanistic knowledge   
   
 McCarthy, Amanda | ; 
  Courtney, Emma | ; 
  Keil, Frank 
    
 Function ‚Äì what a thing is for ‚Äì and mechanism ‚Äì how a thing's parts interact to make it work ‚Äì are considered by cognitive psychologists and philosophers of science to be integrally related despite people's acute sensitivity to their differences. Here, we set out to better characterize lay adults' intuitions about functional and mechanistic knowledge (Study 1). Then, we use learning studies to investigate to what degree these intuitions accurately capture functional and mechanistic cognition (Studies 2, 3). While some intuitions (e.g., that mechanism is more difficult to learn than function) are supported by these learning studies, others (e.g., that function should precede mechanism in explanations) are not. Possible reasons for matches and mismatches are explored.  

 Preservice teachers' understanding of mathematical equivalence   
   
 Kaminski, Jennifer 
    
 Prior research has shown that many elementary school students hold misconceptions about mathematical equivalence, interpreting the equal sign operationally as an indicator to give an answer or the total. They often fail to correctly solve missing operand problems such as 1+5= ___ + 2. The present study extends the research on mathematical equivalence to examine pre-service teachers' performance on equivalence tasks. Results show that some participants failed to correctly solve missing operand problems and chose an operational definition of the equal sign over the correct relational definition. Many participants failed to recognize statements that violate equality and failed to correctly identify equations and operations. These findings suggest that misconceptions of mathematical equivalence can involve confusion about the definition of equation and the meaning of mathematical operation.  

 Risky Decisions from Personal and Observed Experience   
   
 Gutoreva, Alina | ; 
  Ludvig, Elliot Andrew 
    
 People often learn about risks from other people. In the current study, we investigated the impact of social learning on risky decisions from experience by incorporating direct observational learning. Participants were placed in pairs ‚Äì one participant observed the other participant sampling from different options, and then both made decisions based on this personal/observed experience. Participants tended to underweight rare outcomes less when learning from observed experience, particularly with high-value rare outcomes. This difference was not reliably significant, however, suggesting a subtle effect. The study discusses potential contributing factors such as active hypothesis testing, psychological distance, social environment, competitiveness, and goal alignment to explain the results. Overall, the findings contribute to understanding the dynamics of social learning in risky decision-making.  

 A Deep Neural Network Approach for Integrating Neural and Behavioral Signals: Multimodal Investigation with fNIRS Hyperscanning and Facial Expressions   
   
 Miao, Grace Qiyuan | ; 
  Jiang, Yanru | ; 
  Binnquist, Ashley | ; 
  Pluta, Agnieszka | ; 
  Steen, Francis | ; 
  Dale, Rick | ; 
  Lieberman, Matthew 
    
 Conversations between people are characterized by complex nonlinear combinations of nonverbal and neurocognitive responses complementing the words that are spoken. New tools are needed to integrate these multimodal components into coherent models of conversation. We present a study and analysis pipeline for integrating multimodal measures of conversation. Data were collected using video recordings and functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS), a portable neuroimaging technology, during dyadic conversations among strangers (N=70 dyads). Rather than running discrete analyses of neural and nonverbal data, we introduce a pipeline to combine time series data from each modality into multimodal deep neural networks (DNNs) ‚Äì including channel-based fNIRS signals and OpenFace data that quantifies facial expressions over time ‚Äì using S2S-RNN-Autoencoders. We explored two measures to examine the resulting t-SNE space: distance and synchrony. We found that across the dimensions integrating neural and nonverbal input features, conversing dyads tend to stay closer together than permuted pairs. Dyads exhibit significantly higher synchrony in their covariation in this space compared to permuted pairs. The results suggest a mixed methodological integration may contribute to a deeper understanding of the dynamics of communication.  

 Predicting Insight during Physical Reasoning   
   
 LeGris, Solim | ; 
  Lake, Brenden | ; 
  Gureckis, Todd M 
    
 When people solve problems, they may try multiple invalid solutions before finally having an insight about the correct solution. Insight problem-solving is an example of the flexibility of the human mind which remains unmatched by machines. In this paper, we present a novel experimental paradigm for studying insight problem-solving behavior in a physical reasoning domain. Using this paradigm and several data-driven analyses, we seek to quantify what it means to have an insight during physical problem-solving and identify behavioral traces that predict subjective insight ratings collected from human participants. This project aims to provide the first steps towards a computationally informed theory of insight problems solving.  

 Concepts are specifically structured and handled mental files   
   
 Marchi, Francesco | ; 
  Newen, Albert 
    
 We propose a new account of concepts as specifically structured and handled mental files. We argue that concepts consist of two components, (a) an associative network of integrated information used for property based categorization and recognition; and (b) a handling system that organizes and sorts through this associative network. A certain type of concept is determined by the package of associated information integrated in a mental file and the specific structure of this information including the specific way this information is handled. With this framework, we can account for the large variety of concepts including everyday concepts of individual objects and properties, scientific concepts, natural kind concepts and phenomenal concepts.  

 The effectiveness of virtual vs. human influencers in digital marketing: Based on perceived psychological distance and credibility   
   
 Liu, Rongqin | ; 
  Zhang, Yun | ; 
  Lin, Ling 
    
 This study investigates the differential impacts of virtual and human influencers on consumer purchase intentions, focusing particularly on the roles of perceived psychological distance and credibility. Utilizing image recognition algorithms, two influencers with facial similarities were stringently selected, and surveys from 427 consumers on their perceptions of the products endorsed by these influencers were analyzed. Results show human influencers outperform virtual ones, yet the latter still positively affect purchase intentions, revealing their potential as effective marketing tools. The study further reveals that perceived psychological distance can independently mediate the relationship between influencer type and purchase intention, and also acts in tandem with perceived credibility in this mediation. This research not only offers empirical insights into the comparative effectiveness of virtual versus human influencers in digital marketing but also advances understanding of the psychological mechanisms underpinning consumer behavior in the digital era.  

 Quicker, extremer: a computational modeling of reaction time and rating in social evaluation of faces   
   
 Wang, Nan 
    
 When individuals are pressed to make decisions quickly, their accuracy tends to decline, which is termed as speed-accuracy trade-off. But does this phenomenon extend to perceptual rating? In other words, do rapid judgments result in more extreme outcomes? To address this question, the study analyzed a global dataset covering 11,481 adult participants' ratings of 120 targets across 45 countries. The hypothesis posited that the rating became more extreme if it took less time. The study firstly identified response time as a significant predictor in extremity of social judgments through a machine learning algorithm, XGBoost, with cultural variables emerging as the second most important predictor. Given the importance of response time, the study employed hierarchical general linear models to investigate whether faster decision-making correlates with more extreme ratings and how this effect varies across diverse cultural contexts. The findings revealed a significant global level effect, also showing considerable variance across eleven regions. This observed phenomenon is termed as the ‚Äúspeed-extremity trade-off,‚Äù and is strongest in the Middle East and weakest in East Southeast Asia and Scandinavia.  

 A Comparative Bayesian Meta-Analysis of Reaction Time-Based Tasks in Developmental Dyslexia   
   
 Zapparrata, Nicole | ; 
  Gravelle, Christopher Donnan | ; 
  Brooks, Patricia J. 
    
 Dyslexic individuals exhibit slow reaction times (RTs) in Rapid Automatized Naming (RAN) tasks. Using hierarchical Bayesian meta-analysis, we asked whether slower processing in dyslexia extends beyond RAN to include RT-based motor-skills and nonverbal tasks (simple, choice, interference control). Following a systematic review, we identified studies comparing dyslexic and age-matched neurotypical groups on RT-based tasks. For RAN, we restricted study selection to letter-naming tasks (30 studies [k], 37 effects [m]), and found a large slowing effect in dyslexia (  

 Creating Meaningful Word Vectors and Examining their use as Representations of Word Meaning   
   
 Ball, Jerry T. | ; 
  Rodgers, Stuart | ; 
  Schvaneveldt, Roger | ; 
  Ball, Alan 
    
 We identify three shortcomings of word vectors as representations of the full meaning of words: 1) the dimensions of the vectors are implicit and difficult to interpret, 2) the vectors entangle all the meanings and uses of words, and 3) the vectors are unstructured. We propose solutions to each of these shortcomings and explore the implications. Our goal is to integrate word, phrase, and clause level vectors representing fine-grained, associative aspects of meaning into grammatical analysis, to support the resolution of structural ambiguities that cannot be grammatically resolved.  

 Implementing Self Models Through Joint-Embedding Predictive Architecture   
   
 Jiang, Frances | ; 
  Luo, Dezhi 
    
 Self models contribute to key functional domains of human intelligence that are not yet presented in today's artificial intelligence. One important aspect of human problem-solving involves the use of conceptual self-knowledge to detect self-relevant information presented in the environment, which guides the subsequent retrieval of autobiographical memories that are relevant to the task at hand. This process enables each human to behave self-consistently in our own way across complex situations, manifested as self-interest and trait-like characteristics. In this paper, we outline a computational framework that implements the conceptual aspect of human self models through a modified version of the joint-embedding predictive architecture. We propose that through the incorporation of human-like autobiographical memory retrieval and self-importance evaluation, the modified architecture could support machine agents with significantly enhanced self-consistency, which could be applied to deliver more believable simulations of human behaviors.  

 Improving the Readability of Scientific Concept Analogies with Cognitive Conflict Reinforcement Learning   
   
 Cai, Yuang | ; 
  Yuan, Yuyu | ; 
  Shi, Jinsheng | ; 
  Han, Rui | ; 
  Zhao, Zhenyu | ; 
  Shi, Zijie 
    
 Large language models are increasingly being used for education and science communication by automatically generating explanations of scientific concepts. However, prior research has found that the analogies produced by LLMs lack human-like psycholinguistic properties important for readability. In this work, we propose cognitive conflict reinforcement learning (CCRL) to improve the psycholinguistic properties of analogies generated by LLMs. Specifically, we create cognitive conflict between the original LLM and a cloned LLM during reinforcement learning. This helps address the cognitive rigidity problem in LLMs. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms existing RL algorithms and human performance in improving various readability metrics of generated analogies.  

 How pupil tracks cognitive processes underlying internally- and externally-directed attention tasks   
   
 Palaskar, Adarsh | ; 
  Dang, Shilpa 
    
 Pupil dilation has been associated with increased cognitive load or mental effort requirements, which can be modulated by external sensory stimulation as well as internal cognition. Underlying a cognitive task are multiple interplaying processes which can be stimulus-driven, goal-driven or spontaneous. However, what remains unknown is how these multiple processes correlate with pupil size modulations and whether it is possible to dissociate their individual effects. To answer this, we employed behavioural and pupil data from two cognitive tasks performed in internal and external attention conditions, where stimulus-driven attention demands were manipulated for the same set of tasks. Using model-based analysis, we were able to dissociate within conditions, how individual processes affect pupil and also compare their effects between conditions. We made two important and novel findings ‚Äì first, within both the conditions we were able to dissociate stimulus-driven and goal-driven effects. Second, when compared between the two attention conditions, we found distinct stimulus-driven attention-based effects but similar goal-directed task-based effects. Our results indicate that pupil can be used as a reliable tool to study cognition.  

 Dual Contrastive Learning for Next POI Recommendation with Long and Short-Term Trajectory Modeling   
   
 Liu, Zhi | ; 
  Deng, Junhui | ; 
  Zhang, Deju | ; 
  chen, zhiyu | ; 
  Shen, Guojiang | ; 
  Kong, Xiangjie 
    
 Next point-of-interest (POI) recommendation is a challenging task that aims to recommend the next location that a user may be interested in based on their check-in trajectories. Since users travel not only with long-term stable preferences but also with short-term dynamic interests, there is often a potential dependency between long-term and short-term preferences. Most existing works tend to mine the dependencies between long-term and short-term trajectories by contrastive learning but always ignore the negative impact of the learned dependencies on the accuracy of short-term trajectory modeling. Moreover, they often only utilize the context information of the user's trajectory, while neglecting the spatiotemporal dependencies between user trajectories. To address these issues, we proposed a novel dual contrastive learning framework DCLS. Specifically, we designed a novel dual contrastive learning scheme, for which we built two views: the first view is between the user's own long-term and short-term trajectories, and the second view is between the short-term trajectories of different users. We performed contrastive learning on both views, to learn the dependency between long-term and short-term trajectories, and improve the accuracy of trajectory modeling. We also designed a multi-class attention fusion module, which integrates the spatiotemporal influence of trajectory dependencies on user mobility, enhancing the recommendation performance. We conducted extensive experiments on three real-world datasets, which demonstrated that our model achieves advanced performance in the next POI recommendation.  

 InfCTI-ImpCTI: Inferring and Implementing Clinicians' Treatment Intentions   
   
 Shi, Jinsheng | ; 
  Yuan, Yuyu | ; 
  Cai, Yuang | ; 
  Han, Rui | ; 
  Zhao, Zhenyu | ; 
  Shi, Zijie 
    
 In the field of medical decision-making, understanding the treatment intentions of clinicians is crucial for effective treatment strategies. However, these intentions are often implicit and challenging to quantify. In this paper, we propose a novel two-module model to infer and implement clinicians' treatment intentions through treatment records. We construct the InfCTI module, which infers intentions and quantifies them numerically, and the ImpCTI module, which generates treatment strategies based on inferred intentions. Our experiments demonstrate that the treatment strategies obtained by ImpCTI reflect clinicians' intentions and the intention values obtained by InfCTI are reasonable. This model has the potential to improve the quality of care provided to patients.  

 Two-Stream Vision Swin Transformer for Video-based Eye Movement Detection   
   
 Wang, Ziheng | ; 
  Bai, Xiaowei | ; 
  Wang, Xiaodong | ; 
  Fang, Zhenyu | ; 
  Xie, Liang | ; 
  Yan, Ye | ; 
  Yin, Erwei 
    
 Eye movement detection plays a crucial role in various fields, including eye tracking applications and understanding human perception and cognitive states. Existing detection methods typically rely on gaze positions predicted by gaze estimation algorithms, which may introduce cumulative errors. While certain video-based methods, directly classifying behaviours from videos, have been introduced to address this issue, they often have limitations as they primarily focus on detecting blinks. In this paper, we propose a video-based two-stream framework designed to detect four eye movement behaviours‚Äîfixations, saccades, smooth pursuits, and blinks‚Äîfrom infrared near-eye videos. To explicitly capture motion information, we introduce optical flow as the input for one stream. Additionally, we propose a spatio-temporal feature fusion module to combine information from the two streams. The framework is evaluated on a large-scale eye movement dataset and performs excellent results.  

 Cross-Subject Emotion Classification based on Dual-Attention Mechanism and Meta-Transfer Learning   
   
 Zhang, Qian | ; 
  Yang, Liying | ; 
  cao, gang | ; 
  wang, qiang 
    
 Emotion recognition based on electroencephalogram (EEG) signals is a current focus in brain-computer interface research. However, due to the individual differences, how to build a simple and effective model and quickly adapt to the target subject are significant challenges in cross-subject emotion recognition. In this study, we proposed an approach by combining the Dual-Attention network and Meta-Transfer Learning (MTL) strategy based on k-means clustering for meta-task sampling. The Dual-Attention network extracts EEG features through a channel attention block and a temporal attention block. The MTL strategy trains the model to learn both common and individual features among subjects. The meta-task sampling method based on k-means clustering adaptively groups the source domain samples, sampling support and query sets for meta-tasks from Different Groups(DG sampler). The DG sampler allows the model to ‚Äùgrow in diversity‚Äù, further enhancing its generalization capabilities. Binary classification experiments were conducted on the DEAP dataset, achieving accuracies of 72.35% and 71.77% in the arousal and valence dimensions, respectively. The results have reached the state-of-the art level and demonstrated significant performance enhancement in cross-subject EEG-based emotion recognition.  

 An EEG-Based Depressive Detection Network with Adaptive Feature Learning and Channel Activation   
   
 Xu, Chenyang | ; 
  Fan, Feiyi | ; 
  Shen, Jianfei | ; 
  Wang, Hanguang | ; 
  Zhang, Zhongyi | ; 
  Meng, Qinghao 
    
 Electroencephalography (EEG) plays a pivotal role in the diagnosis of various neurological conditions, most notably major depressive disorder (MDD). However, deep learning-based methods currently employed for MDD detection tasks exhibit inadequate generalization capabilities, particularly across different EEG electrode channels, and demonstrate limited feature representation capacity. In this paper, we present a novel approach referred to as adaptive feature learning (AFL), which leverages kernel embedding to facilitate the learning of domain-invariant features across subjects within a reproducing kernel Hilbert space. This method aims to enhance the model's ability to generalize across multiple subjects' EEG signals. Furthermore, our research revealed that batch normalization (BN) layers within the existing MDD detection network frequently result in feature channel suppression, potentially compromising the representation power of the features. To address this issue, we propose channel activation (CA), which employs decorrelation to reactivate suppressed feature maps, thereby enhancing the model's feature representation capability, particularly for subtle EEG changes. The effectiveness of the proposed methods is evaluated using the leave-one-subject-out protocol on MODMA and PRED+CT datasets, yielding detection accuracies of 90.56\% (MODMA) and 96.51\% (PRED+CT). Our experimental findings exhibit the superior performance of our method compared to state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods in terms of MDD recognition.  

 Changes of self-others relation by synchronizing facial expressions   
   
 Baba, Ryunosuke | ; 
  Morita, Junya 
    
 In our study, we address conflicts between individuals and groups, such as cyberbully on social media, as a challenge related to the distinction between the self and others. To address this issue using technology, we propose the concept of introducing facial synchronization in the virtual realm as a means to manipulate the boundary between oneself and others. We designed an experiment using Cyberball that simulates an ostracism environment, effectively partitioning the boundary between the self and others. This task was conducted in Virtual Reality (VR), with the agent's facial expressions synchronized with those of the participant. Our findings indicated a reduction in feelings of alienation within the ostracism environment. This discovery has potential implications for communication media, particularly in enhancing interfaces for individuals who may experience exclusionary behavior on social media.  

 EFMLNet: Fusion Model Based on End-to-End Mutual Information Learning for Hybrid EEG-fNIRS Brain-Computer Interface Applications   
   
 Qiu, Lina | ; 
  Feng, Weisen | ; 
  Ying, Zuorui | ; 
  Pan, Jiahui 
    
 Electroencephalography (EEG) and functional near infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS), both portable and non-invasive, enhance brain-computer interface (BCI) performance by integrating their spatial and temporal benefits when combined together. However, the fusion of these two signals still faces challenges. To fully unitize the complementarity of EEG and fNIRS for improved performance in EEG-fNIRS BCI, we propose an EEG-fNIRS fusion network based on end-to-end mutual information learning, named EFMLNet. In the model, EEG and fNIRS data are fed into their respective feature extractors for the extraction of temporal and spatial information. Furthermore, their complementary information is fused by two parallel mutual learning modules. We conducted classification experiments on a publicly available BCI dataset based on motor imagery (MI) task and achieved a cross-subject classification accuracy of 71.52%. This result surpasses the performance of most existing fusion methods and demonstrates the potential for real-time hybrid BCI systems.  

 Event Distribution in Daily Life: A Replication Study.   
   
 Sastre Gomez, Viviana | ; 
  Defina, Rebecca | ; 
  Garrett, Paul Michael | ; 
  Zacks, Jeffrey M. | ; 
  Dennis, Simon 
    
 Research in event cognition highlights the crucial role of event segmentation in shaping perceptions and memories. Anticipation of event boundaries is influenced by characteristic duration, often assumed to follow normal distributions in daily events. This study replicates recent investigations into event duration using a nightly segmentation approach with continuously captured daily images. Forty-one participants collected images over fourteen days, segmenting them into events. Event durations for various activities were modelled using truncated normal, exponential and gamma models. Our findings align with prior research in event distribution, revealing that overall, an exponential or gamma distribution provides a superior fit compared to a truncated normal distribution. This suggests that when daily events are studied in an ecological context at a fundamental level, most of them have little sign of a typical duration. Consequently, duration estimation is unlikely to play a large role in anticipating event boundaries.  

 The Mere Reminder of Others: A Cognitive Modelling Approach to the Implicit Bystander Effect   
   
 Stolle, Chris M. | ; 
  Huang, Yi 
    
 The bystander effect suggests that people are less likely to assist in an emergency when others are present. Traditional theoretical accounts attribute this effect to top-down reflective processes, such as the diffusion of responsibility. However, recent research has proposed a two-system approach, suggesting that an individual's initial response to an emergency is personal distress and avoidance, which is further amplified by the presence of bystanders. In this study, we embed the two-system approach into an evidence accumulation model and argue that a higher distress and avoidance response causes slower evidence accumulation. We conducted a reaction time experiment where participants got exposed to faces or control stimuli and had to judge if a scene was dangerous. Our results confirm our hypothesis: Individuals exposed to faces had slower evidence accumulation for dangerous decisions. These findings contribute to a mechanistic understanding of how the anticipated bystander presence can influence early reflexive reactions to emergencies.  

 An Automated Sleep Staging Method with EEG-based Sleep Structure Computation   
   
 Liao, Ruixiang | ; 
  Zhu, Li | ; 
  Kong, Wanzeng | ; 
  Wang, Zhengyi 
    
 Sleep staging serves as the foundation for sleep assessment and disease diagnosis, constituting a crucial aspect of sleep research. The related work on automatic sleep staging has achieved numerous satisfactory outcomes. However, current research predominantly focuses on using sleep information as classification features, e.g. employing time-domain or frequency-domain measures as local features, and comprehensive brain network information across channels as global features, while overlooking the spontaneous regularities in brain activity. Simultaneously, brain microstates are considered closely linked to brain activity and can be used to investigate the regular variations in the overall brain potential. To explore the regular changes in the microstates of brain function during sleep stages based on electroencephalogram (EEG), especially the regular changes in sleep structure, we initially conduct microstate clustering, followed by characterizing the sleep structure of the participants based on these microstates. Subsequently, we integrate the sleep structure with traditional sleep information features and perform automatic sleep staging. Our experiments make the following contributions: (1) Being the first to introduce the use of sleep structure for automatic sleep staging. (2) When there are 7 or more than 7 microstate classes, the model performs well, and the best classification accuracy reaches 89.50%. (3) Proposing a sleep automatic staging model that integrates sleep structure and sleep information.  

 Holier-Than-Thou: Can Contextual Information About Minimal Groups Modulate the Robust Ingroup Bias Effect?   
   
 BABA, ABHISHEK | ; 
  Verma, Ark 
    
 Evolutionary accounts suggest that individuals readily categorize other individuals into an ingroup and an outgroup, and consequently display a strong preference for positive behaviors towards the members of the ingroup relative to the outgroup. In the current study, we tested whether the robust ingroup bias could be modulated at the perceptual level based upon differential contextual information about group characteristics and group relations. Across the four experiments, participants performed a social associative matching task within the minimal group framework. We found that while the ingroup bias is certainly robust, it gets attenuated if the outgroup is portrayed positively and also when the ingroup is depicted negatively. This may have consequences for researchers studying intergroup conflict and consequent policy-making.  

 Visual engagement is not synonymous with learning in young children   
   
 Shepherd, Sarah Stolp | ; 
  Kidd, Celeste 
    
 Creators and consumers of popular media for kids tend to equate children's sustained attention with learning (Gahan, 2022; Segal, 2022). Here, we demonstrate that greater sustained visual attention does not necessarily translate to better learning‚Äîand in fact may predict learning deficits in some cases. We present the results of an empirical eye tracking study in which we demonstrate that attentionally captivating material can lead to worse learning with greater attentional capture, likely due to either distraction or overstimulation. Children who engaged most during a word-learning task learned the fewest word-object associations when they were presented on a colorful, moving background. These results support theories that suggest attentional capture due to perceptual attractors (e.g., things that are ‚Äùbright, shiny‚Äù) can disrupt learning. This work underscores the importance of the quality of screen-based media when considering the potential harms of children's screen time  

 Modeling infant cortical tracking of statistical learning in simple recurrent networks   
   
 Xu, Qihui | ; 
  Sjuls, Guro Stensby | ; 
  Kalashnikova, Marina | ; 
  Magnuson, James 
    
 Consider a classic statistical learning (SL) paradigm, where participants hear an uninterrupted stream of syllables in seemingly random order. In fact, the sequence is generated by repeating 4 word-like patterns, each comprised of 3 syllables. After brief exposure, adults and infants can discriminate ‚Äòwords' from the sequence from other syllable sequences (‚Äònonwords' that did not occur in exposure). If syllables have a fixed duration (e.g., 333.3 ms), syllable rate is fixed (e.g., 3/s or 3hz) and so is word rate (e.g., 1hz). If EEG is acquired during exposure, neural phase-locking is observed, initially to the syllable rate, and gradually to the word rate. This has been interpreted as a neural index of word learning. We tested whether two models that can simulate human SL behavior could simulate neural entrainment (Simple Recurrent Net- works [SRNs] or multi-layer perceptrons [MLPs, feedforward neural networks]). Both models could, although SRNs provided a better fit to correlations observed between entrainment and behavior. We also discovered that raw input sequences (even for a single syllable) have rhythmic properties that generate apparent ‚Äòentrainment' when treated like EEG signals ‚Äì without learning. We discuss theoretical implications for SL and challenges for interpreting phase-locked entrainment.  

 How beliefs around peers' risk preferences get incorporated into adolescents' decision making   
   
 Chen, Yelina Yiyi | ; 
  Rosenbaum, Gail M | ; 
  Fan, Haoxue | ; 
  Li, Tianxiang | ; 
  Flournoy, John | ; 
  Mair, Patrick | ; 
  Somerville, Leah 
    
 Underlying various routes to peer influence on risky choices is the assumption that individuals have beliefs around their peer's preferences which are incorporated in their choices. However, much is unknown about the accuracy of these beliefs and how they weigh in individuals' considerations. We tested these implicit assumptions by actually collecting real-life peers' preference to contrast with people's prediction, and quantifying what changes when individuals were asked to take the peer's perspective as the decision-maker instead of themselves. Since perspective taking develops through late adolescence, adolescence makes an especially dynamic window for observation. With a sample of typically developing friend dyads (N=128, 12.0-22.8 years), we collected fully mutual data on decision preferences in an economic risky decision making task with safe (certain) and risky (more variable outcomes) options that vary in their expected values. Upon establishing individuals' baseline risk preferences and their prediction of their peers' risk preferences, they took their own and their peers' perspective in choices where their unchosen option was assigned to the peer. We modified an economic expected utility model to include a new parameter representing the adjudication between one's own and friend's outcome, and analyzed age-related changes with Generalized Additive Models. We found although peer's risk preferences were overestimated in decisions on average, participants aged 16-22 years weighed friend outcome more and earned less when taking their friend's perspective compared to their own, indicating this is a heightened period for prosocial considerations.  

 Dynamic Causal Graph-Based Learning Approach for Predicting Cognitive Impairment in Middle-Aged and Older Adults   
   
 Wang, Linna | ; 
  Guo, Xinyu | ; 
  Zhou, Yunyi | ; 
  Li, Zhenchao | ; 
  Jiang, Lihua | ; 
  Zhao, Li | ; 
  Feng, Ziliang | ; 
  Lu, Li 
    
 The increasing prevalence of dementia and cognitive impairments in the aging global population poses significant challenges to healthcare and society. Detecting cognitive impairment is crucial for managing diseases like Alzheimer's, yet current research faces limitations such as reliance on cross-sectional studies and a lack of understanding of causal relationships. In response, our study introduces a dynamic causal graph-based learning approach for predicting cognitive impairment risk in middle-aged and older adults. Employing a longitudinal perspective, we uncover causal structures through causal discovery methods, offering profound insights into cognitive changes over time. Our model, utilizing dynamic input variables, outperforms traditional algorithms while enhancing interpretability. This innovative approach not only improves prediction accuracy but also contributes to a deeper comprehension of the causal mechanisms underlying cognitive impairment. The longitudinal insight offers a comprehensive understanding of evolving factors associated with cognitive changes, making our model valuable for both research and practical applications.  

 Learning interactions to boost human creativity with bandits and GPT-4   
   
 Vartanian, Ara | ; 
  Sun, Xiaoxi | ; 
  Chuang, Yun-Shiuan | ; 
  Suresh, Siddharth | ; 
  Zhu, Jerry | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy 
    
 This paper considers how interactions with AI algorithms can boost human creative thought. We employ a psychological task that demonstrates limits on human creativity, namely semantic feature generation: given a concept name, respondents must list as many of its features as possible. Human participants typically produce only a fraction of the features they know before getting ‚Äústuck.‚Äù In experiments with humans and with a large language model (GPT-4), we contrast behavior in the standard task versus a variant in which participants can ask for algorithmically-generated hints. Algorithm choice is administered by a multi-armed bandit whose reward indicates whether the hint helped generating more features. Humans and the AI show similar benefits from hints, and remarkably, bandits learning from AI responses prefer the same prompting strategy as those learning from human behavior. The results suggest that strategies for boosting human creativity via computer interactions can be learned by bandits run on groups of simulated participants.  

 The Wisdom of Partisan Crowds: Comparing Collective Intelligence in Humans and LLM-based Agents   
   
 Chuang, Yun-Shiuan | ; 
  Harlalka, Nikunj | ; 
  Suresh, Siddharth | ; 
  Goyal, Agam | ; 
  Hawkins, Robert | ; 
  Yang, Sijia | ; 
  Shah, Dhavan | ; 
  Hu, Junjie | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy T 
    
 Human groups are able to converge to more accurate beliefs through deliberation, even in the presence of polarization and partisan bias --- a phenomenon known as the ``wisdom of partisan crowds.'' Large Language Models (LLMs) are increasingly being used to simulate human collective behavior, yet few benchmarks exist for evaluating their dynamics against the behavior of human groups. In this paper, we examine the extent to which the wisdom of partisan crowds emerges in groups of LLM-based agents that are prompted to role-play as partisan personas (e.g., Democrat or Republican). We find that they not only display human-like partisan biases, but also converge to more accurate beliefs through deliberation, as humans do. We then identify several factors that interfere with convergence, including the use of chain-of-thought prompting and lack of details in personas. Conversely, fine-tuning on human data appears to enhance convergence. These findings show the potential and limitations of LLM-based agents as a model of human collective intelligence.  

 PersonalityScanner: Exploring the Validity of Personality Assessment Based on Multimodal Signals in Virtual Reality   
   
 Zhang, Xintong | ; 
  Lu, Di | ; 
  Hu, Huiqi | ; 
  Jiang, Nan | ; 
  Yu, Xianhao | ; 
  Xu, Jinan | ; 
  Peng, Yujia | ; 
  Li, Qing | ; 
  Han, Wenjuan 
    
 Human cognition significantly influences expressed behavior and is intrinsically tied to authentic personality traits. Personality assessment plays a pivotal role in various fields, including psychology, education, social media, etc. However, traditional self-report questionnaires can only provide data based on what individuals are willing and able to disclose, thereby lacking objective. Moreover, automated measurements and peer assessments demand significant human effort and resources. In this paper, given the advantages of the Virtual Reality (VR) technique, we develop a VR simulator --- PersonalityScanner, to stimulate cognitive processes and simulate daily behaviors based on an immersive and interactive simulation environment, in which participants carry out a battery of engaging tasks that formulate a natural story of first-day at work. Through this simulator, we collect a synchronous multi-modal dataset with ten modalities, including first/third-person video, audio, text, eye tracking, facial microexpression, pose, depth data, log, and inertial measurement unit. By systematically examining the contributions of different modalities on revealing personality, we demonstrate the superior performance and effectiveness of PersonalityScanner.  

 Minimal Modeling for Cognitive Ecologists: Measuring Decision-Making Trade-Offs in Ecological Tasks   
   
 Forbes, Eden | ; 
  Beer, Randall 
    
 The complexity of studying behavior and cognitive processes in realistic ecological tasks is a major challenge for cognitive scientists, behavioral ecologists, community ecologists, and the cognitive ecology community that subsumes all these fields. Here we describe a modeling approach that can be used to study the decision-making trade-offs that emerge from the coupling of nervous systems, bodies, and ecological context. To demonstrate the method, we describe an agent that must balance its need to consume resources with its need to avoid predation. We then show how to analyze the resulting behavior through the lens of behavioral trade-off schemas synthesized with neural traces measured during real-time behavior. The employment of model agents will be an important contributor to ecological theory of cognitive processes, and here we hope to convince the reader of that methodological potential.  

 Distilling Symbolic Priors for Concept Learning into Neural Networks   
   
 Marinescu, Ioana | ; 
  McCoy, R. Thomas | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Humans can learn new concepts from a small number of examples by drawing on their inductive biases. These inductive biases have previously been captured by using Bayesian models defined over symbolic hypothesis spaces. Is it possible to create a neural network that displays the same inductive biases? We show that inductive biases that enable rapid concept learning can be instantiated in artificial neural networks by distilling a prior distribution from a symbolic Bayesian model via meta-learning, an approach for extracting the common structure from a set of tasks. We use this approach to create a neural network with an inductive bias towards concepts expressed as short logical formulas. Analyzing results from previous behavioral experiments in which people learned logical concepts from a few examples, we find that our meta-trained models are highly aligned with human performance.  

 Innovative Attempt at Enhancing Psychological Assessment: A Preliminary Investigative Study of Measuring College Students' Learning Motivation Levels through the Lens of Passive Sensing via Smartphones   
   
 Feng, Yu | ; 
  Zhao, Tongyu | ; 
  Zhang, Yi | ; 
  Zu, Yatong | ; 
  Tavares, Adriano | ; 
  Gomes, Tiago | ; 
  Xu, Hao 
    
 Assessing the levels of motivation in the learning process are pivotal in the daily life of college students, for the learning motivation profoundly impacts their overall academic performance. Yet, the prevailing methods to measure learning motivation levels still predominantly depend on expert evaluation and self-report, advancements in passive smartphone sensing have not been fully utilized in measuring motivation levels in learning process. In this study, we investigate and analyze behaviors and behavioral changes associated with their levels of learning motivation of N=118 undergraduate college students integrating passive smartphone sensing with self-report survey. We collect a dataset regarding the students' daily behaviors and self-report responses using a mobile application and questionnaire. Subsequently, we identify a variety of behaviors based on behavioral features captured from passive sensing data, followed by an exploration of the correlations between levels of learning motivation and the identified behaviors. Moreover, we analyze differences in behavioral changes among groups characterized by varying levels of learning motivation. Our study contributes to enhancing psychological assessment approaches by introducing a novel integrated method for more quantified and multidimensional measurement of learning motivation, providing valuable perspectives for assessing and intervening learning motivation in future research endeavors.  

 ADViRDS: Assessment of Domestic Violence Risk Dataset and Scale on Social Media   
   
 Tong, Chengwei | ; 
  Guo, Mengzhuo | ; 
  Tian, Yao | ; 
  Zhang, Mengzhu | ; 
  Li, Yangyang | ; 
  Zhu, Chunyan | ; 
  Bao, Jie | ; 
  Sheng, Rongrong | ; 
  Li, Qianqian | ; 
  Liao, Yong 
    
 This study presents ADViRDS, an innovative scale and dataset specifically developed for examining the psychological traits of domestic violence (DV) perpetrators. Recognizing the critical need to understand the psychological dynamics of perpetrators, our research shifts the focus from the experiences of DV victims to the characteristics of the perpetrators. Our approach involves a six-dimensional scale designed to detect the psychological traits of DV perpetrators, formulated with insights from established DV research and psychologists. To complement this scale, we constructed a detailed dataset containing 574 individual entries from the Chinese social media platform "Zhihu." Each entry was carefully annotated by experienced professionals, ensuring a high degree of accuracy and relevance. We conducted a comprehensive analysis using a range of models, including Zero-Shot classification, GPT series, and fine-tuned pre-trained models, to evaluate their effectiveness in identifying individuals with psychological predispositions to DV. The findings reveal significant insights into the models' capabilities, highlighting the nuances in detecting DV tendencies through psychological profiling. Our research offers a new paradigm in DV studies, focusing on the psychological traits of perpetrators for a comprehensive understanding of DV dynamics and prevention.  

 On the Benefits of Heterogeneity in Cognitive Stability and Flexibility for Collaborative Task Switching   
   
 Brondetta, Alessandra | ; 
  Bizyaeva, Anastasia | ; 
  Lucas, Maxime | ; 
  Petri, Giovanni | ; 
  Musslick, Sebastian 
    
 Environments pose antagonistic demands on individual and collective cognition, such as trading off cognitive stability against cognitive flexibility. Manifestations of this tradeoff have been shown to vary across individuals, leading to differences in individual task switching performance. In this simulation study, we examine how individual differences in cognitive stability and flexibility contribute to collective task switching performance. Specifically, we study whether diversity in cognitive stability and flexibility among members of a group can facilitate collaborative task switching. We test this hypothesis by probing task switching performance of a multi-agent dynamical system, and by varying the heterogeneity of cognitive stability and flexibility among agents. We find that heterogeneous (compared to homogeneous) groups perform better in environments with high switch rates, especially if the most flexible agents receive task switch instructions. We discuss the implications of these findings for normative accounts of cognitive heterogeneity, as well as clinical and educational settings.  

 Revealing the Dynamics of Medical Diagnostic Reasoning as Step-by-Step Cognitive Process Trajectories   
   
 Battefeld, Dominik | ; 
  Mues, Sigrid | ; 
  Wehner, Tim | ; 
  House, Patrick | ; 
  Kellinghaus, Christoph | ; 
  Wellmer, Jörg | ; 
  Kopp, Stefan 
    
 A detailed understanding of the cognitive process underlying diagnostic reasoning in medical experts is currently lacking. While high-level theories like hypothetico-deductive reasoning were proposed long ago, the inner workings of the step-by-step dynamics within the mind remain unknown. We present a fully automated approach to elicit, monitor, and record diagnostic reasoning processes at a fine-grained level. A web-based user interface enables physicians to carry out a full diagnosis process on a simulated patient, given as a pre-defined clinical vignette. By collecting the physician's information queries and hypothesis revisions, highly detailed diagnostic reasoning trajectories are captured leading to a diagnosis and its justification. Four expert epileptologists with a mean experience of 19 years were recruited to evaluate the system and share their impressions in semi-structured interviews. We find that the recorded trajectories validate proposed theories on broader diagnostic reasoning, while also providing valuable additional details extending previous findings.  

 Intervening on Emotions by Planning Over a Theory of Mind   
   
 Chen, Tony | ; 
  Houlihan, Sean Dae | ; 
  Chandra, Kartik | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Saxe, Rebecca 
    
 Much of social cognition involves reasoning about others' minds: predicting their reactions, inferring their feelings, and explaining their behavior. By representing mental contents like beliefs, desires, and emotions, Bayesian theory of mind mod- els have made progress in capturing how humans manage these cognitive feats. But social life is not merely observation: hu- mans must also plan to intervene on these same mental con- tents. The present work models how people choose interven- tions to influence others' emotions. Building on a prior model of people's intuitive theory of emotions, we model how people use their intuitive theory to evaluate and simulate the effects of different interventions. We apply our model to data from behavioral experiments requiring counterfactual and joint in- terventions, and show a close alignment with human choices. Our results provide a step towards a potentially unifying expla- nation for emotion prediction and intervention, suggesting that they could arise from the same underlying generative model.  

 CogME: A Cognition-Inspired Multi-Dimensional Evaluation Metric for Story Understanding   
   
 Shin, Minjung | ; 
  Choi, Seongho | ; 
  Heo, Yu-Jung | ; 
  Lee, Minsu | ; 
  Zhang, Byoung-Tak | ; 
  Ryu, Jeh-Kwang 
    
 We introduce CogME, a cognition-inspired, multi-dimensional evaluation metric for AI models focusing on story understanding. CogME is a framework grounded in human thinking strategies and story elements that involve story understanding. With a specific breakdown of the questions, this approach provides a nuanced assessment revealing not only AI models' particular strengths and weaknesses but also the characteristics of the benchmark dataset. Our case study with the DramaQA dataset demonstrates a refined analysis of the model and the benchmark dataset. It is imperative that metrics align closely with human cognitive processes by comprehending the tasks' nature. This approach provides insights beyond traditional overall scores and paves the way for more sophisticated AI development targeting higher cognitive functions.  

 How turn-timing can inform about becoming familiar with a task and its changes: a study of shy and less shy four-year-old children   
   
 Tykhonenko, Valeriia | ; 
  Tolksdorf, Nils F | ; 
  Rohlfing, Katharina 
    
 In novel situations, the productive communicative behavior of shy children can require more time than that of their less shy peers. Investigating 14 preschoolers, we asked which situational demands and changes contribute to the individual processing. Whereas children's shyness was measured by a standardized questionnaire given to caregivers, their processing of situational demands was measured by their nonverbal turn-timing over two sessions with a social robot. We focused on how children respond to their partner when the situation changes in comparison to a familiar one. Our results, based on grouping children by shyness level, indicate that while differences in turn-timing were not significant, shy children's turn-timing was consistently characterized by higher latencies compared to the less shy children across sessions and tasks, particularly when introduced to a new task. Correlational analysis, accounting for the full shyness spectrum, confirmed this trend. Findings clarify how children perceive a situation and situational changes.  

 Multi-Agent Communication With Multi-Modal Information Fusion   
   
 Wang, Han | ; 
  Xie, Yufeng | ; 
  He, BingCheng | ; 
  Li, Prof. Qingshan 
    
 Many recent works in the field of multi-agent reinforcement learning via communication focus on learning what messages to send, when to send, and whom to address such messages. Those works indicate that communication is useful for higher cumulative reward or task success. However, one important limitation is that most of them ignore the importance of enforcing agents' ability to understand the received information. In this paper, we notice that observation and communication signals are from separate information sources. Thus, we enhance the communicating agents with the capability to integrate crucial information from different sources. Specifically, we propose a multi-modal communication method, which modulates agents' observation and communication signals as different modalities and performs multi-modal fusion to allow knowledge to transfer across different modalities. We evaluate the proposed method on a diverse set of cooperative multi-agent tasks with several state-of-the-art algorithms. Results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in incorporating knowledge and gaining a deeper understanding from various information sources.  

 CogSimulator: A Model for Simulating User Cognition & Behavior with Minimal Data for Tailored Cognitive Enhancement   
   
 Bian, Weizhen | ; 
  Zhou, Yubo | ; 
  Luo, Yuanhang | ; 
  Mo, Ming | ; 
  Liu, Siyan | ; 
  Gong, Yikai | ; 
  Luo, Ziyuan | ; 
  Wang, Aobo | ; 
  Wan, Renjie 
    
 The interplay between cognition and gaming, notably through educational games enhancing cognitive skills, has garnered significant attention in recent years. This research introduces the CogSimulator, a novel algorithm for simulating user cognition in small-group settings with minimal data, as the educational game Wordle exemplifies. The CogSimulator employs Wasserstein-1 distance and coordinates search optimization for hyperparameter tuning, enabling precise few-shot predictions in new game scenarios. Comparative experiments with the Wordle dataset illustrate that our model surpasses most conventional machine learning models in mean Wasserstein-1 distance, mean squared error, and mean accuracy, showcasing its efficacy in cognitive enhancement through tailored game design.  

 Decision-Making Behaviour and Minimal Social Conditions: Economic versus Moral Choices   
   
 Aydin, Pardis | ; 
  Cakir, Murat Perit 
    
 Although decision-making processes are typically studied with isolated individuals in the laboratory to control external factors, we mostly make decisions in a social environment in the presence of other individuals. The aim of the current study was to investigate the effects of social conditions on individuals' decision-making performance in economic and moral contexts. Forty-four pairs of participants of the same gender (42 females and 46 males) constituted the sample for this study. Each pair was required to complete both economic and moral tasks under three types of social conditions, namely, ‚Äúindividual,‚Äù ‚Äújoint,‚Äù and ‚Äújoint with gaze-cueing.‚Äù Furthermore, eye- and mouse-tracking technologies were utilized to record the participants' responses to the decision tasks. We hypothesized that even a minimal social context would influence people's decisions, as manifested in their gaze and mouse responses. The results revealed that the minimalist social condition in which participants do not communicate or interact with each other affected their decision-making performance. The interplay among social conditions, diverse task types, and stimuli type were identified as some of the factors that impact the decision-making process in this setting.  

 Eye Movement Behavior during Mind Wandering across Different Tasks in Interactive Online Learning   
   
 Teng, Xiaoru | ; 
  Lan, Hui | ; 
  Wong, Gloria | ; 
  Chan, Antoni B. | ; 
  Hsiao, Janet 
    
 The recent surge in online learning demands better ways to monitor students' mind wandering (MW) episodes. We examined whether different eye movement measures were associated with MW in tasks with different cognitive demands. We found that a reduced number of fixations was associated with MW in tasks involving searching for information without clearly defined strategies. A larger variance in pupil diameter, as well as reduced eye movement consistency, were associated with MW when imagining a scenario with a central fixation. Reduced eye movement consistency, as well as reduced joint attention with another participant, were both associated with MW in tasks involving a clearly defined strategy. Interestingly, none of these eye movement measures was associated with MW in tasks involving well-learned visual routines such as face and scene identification, suggesting idiosyncrasy in eye movement behavior in these tasks. These findings have important implications for developing effective methods for detecting MW.  

 The Effect of Modality on Children's Higher-Order Concept Learning   
   
 Neer, Emily M | ; 
  Shao, Raymond | ; 
  Sandhofer, Catherine 
    
 Podcasts are unique forms of unimodal modality because they include features like conversation, description, and sound effects to encourage audio engagement. Research shows that learners benefit from learning in two modalities (audio + visual) when information is complementary, not redundant. However, these previous studies used audio narration of text as auditory stimuli which differs from podcast formats. Do children learn from podcasts, and does providing supporting visual information affect learning? Children listened (or listened and viewed related images) to an 11-minute science podcast and answered recall and transfer questions. There was no effect of modality on children's learning, and children in both conditions performed above chance on transfer questions. Using a semantic textual similarity analysis, we show that children in the audiovisual condition do not incorporate visual information in their description of concepts. These results highlight the uniqueness of podcasts as a unimodal context that could benefit higher-order concept learning.  

 Assessing the Impact of Nature for Reducing Cognitive Fatigue: A Validation Study   
   
 Bolduc, Marlène | ; 
  Cayouette, Audrey | ; 
  Benesch, Danielle | ; 
  Paul, Tanya | ; 
  Vachon, François | ; 
  Marois, Alexandre 
    
 Attention is a limited resource that can become depleted after extensive usage. Exposure to nature stimuli can help recover attention depletion. More precisely, nature (vs. urban) benefits have been reported for working memory, attention control and cognitive flexibility, although these effects are the subject of debate. This study aims at assessing whether nature can help reduce cognitive fatigue as a consequence of attention depletion. Participants performed a pretest working memory and attention control task. Then, they went through a cognitive fatigue task, followed by exposure to either nature or urban images, and a posttest consisting of the pretest measures. Measures of subjective fatigue were also collected throughout the study. Pre- vs. posttest cognitive performance comparisons failed to raise differences across conditions. Yet, subjective fatigue was significantly improved by the nature intervention but not by the urban intervention. Results are discussed in terms of nature's positive impact on subjective experience.  

 Individual differences in multimodal child-directed language: Unraveling individual style, empathy and the Big Five personality traits   
   
 Zhang, Yanran | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 We studied individual differences in broadcasters' multimodal adult-directed and child-directed communication. Forty-six female future broadcasters simulated live broadcasts for both adults and children. Effects of speakers' individual styles, empathy and the Big Five personality traits on adult-directed and child-directed language (e.g., prosody, linguistic features and gestures) were examined. Results showed that all multimodal cues in adult-directed and child-directed language were highly correlated, but there were larger individual variations in the degree of adjustments between the two language registers. Moreover, empathy and certain personality traits could not only predict multimodal language production, but also the degree of adjustments for child-directed communication. For example, higher-empathetic participants speak faster, louder with a higher pitch, use diverse but more frequent words, and produce more salient referential gestures. In conclusion, despite an individual language style, empathy and the Big Five personality traits influence speakers' multimodal language production and the degree of audience design.  

 Characterizing Contextual Variation in Children's Preschool Language Environment Using Naturalistic Egocentric Videos   
   
 Sparks, Robert Z. | ; 
  Long, Bria | ; 
  Keene, Grace E | ; 
  Perez, Malia J. | ; 
  Tan, Alvin Wei Ming | ; 
  Marchman, Virginia A | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. 
    
 What structures children's early language environment? Large corpora of child-centered naturalistic recordings provide an important window into this question, but most available data centers on young children within the home or in lab contexts interacting primarily with a single caregiver. Here, we characterize children's language experience in a very different kind of environment: the preschool classroom. Children ages 3 ‚Äì 5 years (N = 26) wore a head-mounted camera in their preschool class, yielding a naturalistic, egocentric view of children's everyday experience across many classroom activity contexts (e.g., sand play, snack time), with >30 hours of video data. Using semi-automatic transcriptions (227,624 words), we find that activity contexts in the preschool classroom vary in both the quality and quantity of the language that children both hear and produce. Together, these findings reinforce prior theories emphasizing the contribution of activity contexts in structuring the variability in children's early learning environments.  

 Evaluating and Modeling Social Intelligence: A Comparative Study of Human and AI Capabilities   
   
 Wang, Junqi | ; 
  Zhang, Chunhui | ; 
  Li, Jiapeng | ; 
  Ma, Yuxi | ; 
  Niu, Lixing | ; 
  Han, Jiaheng | ; 
  Peng, Yujia | ; 
  Zhu, Yixin | ; 
  Fan, Lifeng 
    
 Facing the current debate on whether Large Language Models (LLMs) attain near-human intelligence levels (Mitchell & Krakauer, 2023; Bubeck et al., 2023; Kosinski, 2023; Shiffrin & Mitchell, 2023; Ullman, 2023), the current study introduces a benchmark for evaluating social intelligence, one of the most distinctive aspects of human cognition. We developed a comprehensive theoretical framework for social dynamics and introduced two evaluation tasks: Inverse Reasoning (IR) and Inverse Inverse Planning (IIP). Our approach also encompassed a computational model based on recursive Bayesian inference, adept at elucidating diverse human behavioral patterns. Extensive experiments and detailed analyses revealed that humans surpassed the latest GPT models in overall performance, zero-shot learning, one-shot generalization, and adaptability to multi-modalities. Notably, GPT models demonstrated social intelligence only at the most basic order (order = 0), in stark contrast to human social intelligence (order >= 2). Further examination indicated a propensity of LLMs to rely on pattern recognition for shortcuts, casting doubt on their possession of authentic human-level social intelligence. Our codes, dataset, appendix and human data are released at https://github.com/bigai-ai/Evaluate-n-Model-Social-Intelligence.  

 Analogical Reasoning During Hypothesis Generation: The Role of Surface Competition During Access and Transfer   
   
 Leon, Sabina | ; 
  Rivas, Leandro E. | ; 
  Trench, Maximo 
    
 Behavioral studies and computer simulations of analogical retrieval suggest that the availability of surface matches in long-term memory (LTM) hinders the spontaneous retrieval of purely structural analogs. We investigated whether this competition effect still holds during hypothesis-generation, a goal-driven activity that entails a more profound and sustained consideration of the target situation. In two experiments, we obtained that the availability of a less isomorphic but more superficially similar item did not complicate retrieving a structural analog, thus suggesting that goal-driven activities such as hypothesis generation aid participants in overcoming the activation of a structurally suboptimal analog in working memory, as compared to pragmatically impoverished activities such as reading the target situation. However, the activation of the surface match hindered the successful application of structural matches that were successfully retrieved. Results render a more nuanced picture of the role of surface similarities in analogical thinking, traditionally restricted to the retrieval stage.  

 Many Hands Don't Always Make Light Work: Explaining Social Loafing via Multiprocessing Efficiency   
   
 Mieczkowski, Elizabeth | ; 
  Turner, Cameron Rouse | ; 
  Vélez, Natalia A | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Humans collaborate to improve productivity and collective outcomes, but people do not always exert maximal effort towards accomplishing collaborative goals. Instead, individuals often expend less effort in groups, a phenomenon known as social loafing that is traditionally viewed as detrimental to productivity. However, theories from distributed computer systems suggest that social loafing might be a rational response to the diminishing returns expected from division of labor when group size increases. Here, we examine how considerations of task efficiency affect the perceived acceptability of withholding effort during a collaborative task. We conducted experiments varying workload and group size across scenarios in which all group members except for one are actively contributing to a common goal. We then compare participant judgments to a model inspired by latency speed-up in distributed systems. We find that people are systematically influenced by task efficiency, in addition to social norms, when judging social loafing.  

 Same Same But Different: The Influence of Ambiguity Awareness on Speech and Gesture Production   
   
 GAO, Jiajun | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 We explored (1) the differences in prosody and gesture when speakers were aware and unaware of ambiguities, and (2) the insight of multimodal ambiguity resolution on communication efficiency. Thirty-two Mandarin speakers articulated twenty-two ambiguous Mandarin sentences. Half could be disambiguated using prosody (half couldn't). First, participants articulated each sentence and explained its meaning to a confederate, revealing their dominant interpretation and ambiguity awareness. Second, participants articulated the same ambiguous sentences twice according to hints indicating two meanings. Results showed participants hardly realised ambiguities. Speakers produced mostly more prominent prosody and more gestures when recognising ambiguities. When ambiguity was aware, prosodically unambiguous sentences were produced with various prosodic cues, with referential and non-referential gestures. However, prosodically ambiguous sentences were produced with more referential but hardly any non-referential gestures. In conclusion, speakers adopt multimodal strategies to achieve communication efficiency with a trade-off between modalities, depending on their ambiguity awareness.  

 Channel-adaptive Graph Convolution based Temporal Encoder Network for EEG Emotion Recognition   
   
 Guo, Renxi | ; 
  Rao, Hong | ; 
  An, Panfeng | ; 
  Duan, Wenying | ; 
  Chen, Shengbo | ; 
  Luo, Gang 
    
 Brain-computer interface technology has made significant progress in the field of intelligent human-computer interaction. Among them, electroencephalography-based emotion recognition, as one of the important research directions in emotional brain-computer interaction, has received widespread attention. However, most previous studies were limited to feature extraction of global brain networks and local brain areas in the EEG spatial domain but ignored the channel-level dynamic features of EEG. To address this limitation, we proposed a Channel-Adaptive Graph Convolutional Network with Temporal Encoder (CAG-TEN). In CAG-TEN, the channel-adaptive graph convolutional module assigns a unique parameter space to each channel, focusing on channel-level dynamic features. Additionally, the temporal encoder module, inspired by the Encoders concept, is used to explore long-term temporal dependencies in EEG sequences. We conduct rigorous comparative experiments of CAG-TEN against several representative baseline models on the SEED dataset and achieve optimal performance.  

 Neurotypical Adults employ Distinct Cognitive Mechanisms compared to Adults with ADHD during a Sustained Attention Task with Gestalt Stimuli   
   
 Kuznetsova, Elizaveta | ; 
  Tammi, Tuisku | ; 
  Postnova, Natalia | ; 
  Palomäki, Jussi | ; 
  Cowley, Benjamin 
    
 Sustained attention is a fundamental cognitive ability that influences various aspects of human functioning. Studies of the neural correlates of attention commonly treat sustained attention as an isolated construct, however in any ecological context, sustained attention interacts with other executive functions such as inhibition of interference and processing of complex hierarchical stimuli. We have thus constructed a protocol to probe the interplay between these cognitive processes during visual attention task. We contrast putative typical vs atypical attention by comparing 18 healthy participants with 53 adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, for whom difficulties with sustained attention are a core symptom and thus constitute a natural experiment condition. Our behavioural and brain-imaging analyses demonstrate distinct neural patterns in bottom-up visual processing and attention allocation mechanisms in ADHD and Control groups, highlighting different cognitive strategies utilised by adults with ADHD and healthy participants in tasks requiring sustained attention.  

 Processing of Relative Clause Structural Ambiguity by Iranians' Japanese Learners - From the Perspective of the Effect of L1 and the Animacy of the Head Nouns on L2 Sentence Processing -   
   
 Zare, Faezeh | ; 
  Goya, Hideki 
    
 This study investigates the processing of structurally ambiguous relative clause (RC) constructions in Japanese by Persian-Japanese learners, examining the influence of their native language (L1) on second language (L2) processing. It challenges the universality of parsing strategies through a self-paced reading (SPR) task. The results indicate a preference for High Attachment (HA) and a stronger tendency towards NP-high when it's an animate noun, in both Persian and Japanese. Descriptive analyses further revealed a shift from Low Attachment (LA) to HA among native Japanese speakers, suggesting unforced revision. However, there was an absence of a clear animacy effect on their preference. These findings suggest parallel interactive mechanisms in sentence processing and the transfer of syntax and semantic information from L1 to L2. Moreover, the study underscores language-specific differences in sentence processing, emphasizing the impact of language dominance in cross-linguistic transfer and contributing to our understanding of bilingual sentence processing.  

 On the Use of Language and Vision Models for Cognitive Science: The Case of Naming Norms   
   
 Chen, Zhirui | ; 
  Mädebach, Andreas | ; 
  Gualdoni, Eleonora | ; 
  Boleda, Gemma 
    
 Computational models have long been used in Cognitive Science, but to date most research has used language models trained on text. With recent advances in Computer Vision, new research is expanding to visually informed models. In this paper, we explore the potential of such models to account for human naming behavior as recorded in naming norms (where subjects are asked to name visually presented objects). We compare the performance of three representative models on a set of norms that include stimuli in the form of line drawings, colored drawings, and realistic photos. The state-of-the-art Language and Vision model CLIP, trained on both text and images, performs best. It generalizes well across different types of stimuli and achieves good overall accuracy. CLIP affords both linguistic (text-based) and visual (image-based) representations for names, and we find that textual representations outperform visual representations. This is good news, as textual representations are easier to obtain than visual representations. All in all, our results show promise for the use of Computer Vision and Language and Vision models in Cognitive Science.  

 Online network topology shapes personal narratives and hashtag generation   
   
 Priniski, Hunter | ; 
  Linford, Bryce | ; 
  Krishna, Sai | ; 
  Morstatter, Fred | ; 
  Brantingham, Jeff | ; 
  Lu, Hongjing 
    
 While narratives have shaped cognition and cultures for centuries, digital media and online social networks have introduced new narrative phenomena. With increased narrative agency, networked groups of individuals can directly contribute and steer narratives that center our collective discussions of politics, science, and morality. We report the results of an online network experiment on narrative and hashtag generation, in which networked groups of participants interpreted a text-based narrative of a disaster event, and were incentivized to produce matching hashtags with their network neighbors. We found that network structure not only influences the emergence of dominant beliefs through coordination with network neighbors, but also impacts participants' use of causal language in their personal narratives.  

 Assessing Common Ground through Language-based Cultural Consensus in Humans and Large Language Models   
   
 Domanski, Sophie | ; 
  Rudinger, Rachel | ; 
  Carpuat, Marine | ; 
  Shafto, Patrick | ; 
  Huang, Yi Ting 
    
 During conversations, communication partners rapidly assess shared knowledge based on information in utterances. However, little is known about how this process unfolds, particularly when background information is limited such as when talking to strangers. Do spoken utterances provide valid cues to speaker knowledge? To test this, we applied a cultural consensus framework (e.g., Romney et al., 1986), and asked humans vs. large language models (LLMs) to assess speaker similarity based on their transcribed utterances. On each trial, participants saw two language samples that varied in speaker expertise (e.g., A: expert, B: novice) and were asked which one was more similar to a third sample, which was produced by either an expert or novice (X). Accuracy was highest for GPT-4 followed by humans and GPT-3.5. Humans and GPT-4 were more accurate at categorizing language samples from experts, while GPT-3.5 was better with novices. Likewise, humans and GPT-4 were more accurate with samples from adult compared to child speakers, while GPT-3.5 was similar across the two. Item-level performance by humans and GPT-4 was strongly associated, while both were unrelated to GPT-3.5. Our findings suggest that language-based cultural consensus may enable reliable inferences of common ground during communication, providing an algorithmic-level description of how partners may infer states of the world.  

 Effects of Bilingualism on Sustained Attention and Inhibition: A Bayesian Enquiry   
   
 Rana, Moulshree | ; 
  Verma, Ark 
    
 This study examines the general claim that bilingualism leads to a facilitatory effect on cognitive control. Repeatedly resolving conflict between simultaneously active representations is thought to spill over into other domains involving conflict resolution. Recent literature indicates that the effects of bilingualism on executive functions need examination with a more comprehensive characterization of bilingualism and the use of multiple measures of executive control (Backer & Bortfeld, 2021; K. R. Paap & Greenberg, 2013). Here, we operationalize bilingualism as a set of continuous variables related to language knowledge and use. Next, we employ Bayesian regression analyses to assess the evidence for the null i.e., the lack of an effect of bilingualism. We aimed to address arguments in favor of an advantage that appeal to the measurement of bilingualism, task-specificity of the effect, and the methodological issues that exist with widely used tasks such as the Simon, Stroop or Flanker (K. R. Paap, Anders-Jefferson, Zimiga, Ma- son, & Mikulinsky, 2020). We assess the effects of bilingualism under a newly specified mechanism of attentional control (Bialystok & Craik, 2022), specifically in sustained attention. We administer new tasks, developed to be psychometrically sound and an improvement to existing measures of attentional control by Draheim, Tsukahara, Martin, Mashburn, and Engle. Two sustained attention tasks, along with two versions of the Flanker task were administered. The null model was the best model (with the greatest posterior probability) for all tasks. Bilingualism-related characteristics failed to show reliable influence for both sustained attention tasks. Even for ‚Äùimproved measures‚Äù less susceptible to methodological flaws related to RT impurity and processing confounds, the best model was the null model. The results imply that the source of null effects is not the inadequate choice of inhibition as an explanatory mechanism. We conclude that bilingualism does not have coherent and consistent effects on cognitive control (specified as either inhibition or sustained attention) and the lack of an effect is not specific to the type of conflict involved in a task or its reliance on reaction times.  

 Incremental Comprehension of Garden-Path Sentences by Large Language Models: Semantic Interpretation, Syntactic Re-Analysis, and Attention   
   
 Li, Andrew | ; 
  Feng, Xianle | ; 
  Narang, Siddhant | ; 
  Peng, Austin | ; 
  Cai, Tianle | ; 
  Shah, Raj Sanjay | ; 
  Varma, Sashank 
    
 When reading temporarily ambiguous garden-path sentences, misinterpretations sometimes linger past the point of disambiguation. This phenomenon has traditionally been studied in psycholinguistic experiments using online measures such as reading times and offline measures such as comprehension questions. Here, we investigate the processing of garden-path sentences and the fate of lingering misinterpretations using four large language models (LLMs): GPT-2, LLaMA-2, Flan-T5, and RoBERTa. The overall goal is to evaluate whether humans and LLMs are aligned in their processing of garden-path sentences and in the lingering misinterpretations past the point of disambiguation, especially when extra-syntactic information (e.g., a comma delimiting a clause boundary) is present to guide processing. We address this goal using 24 garden-path sentences that have optional transitive and reflexive verbs leading to temporary ambiguities. For each sentence, there are a pair of comprehension questions corresponding to the misinterpretation and the correct interpretation. In three experiments, we (1) measure the dynamic semantic interpretations of LLMs using the question-answering task; (2) track whether these models shift their implicit parse tree at the point of disambiguation (or by the end of the sentence); and (3) visualize the model components that attend to disambiguating information when processing the question probes. These experiments show promising alignment between humans and LLMs in the processing of garden-path sentences, especially when extra-syntactic information is available to guide processing.  

 A Nurse is Blue and Elephant is Rugby: Cross Domain Alignment in Large Language Models Reveal Human-like Patterns   
   
 Yehudai, Asaf | ; 
  Karidi, Taelin | ; 
  Stanovsky, Gabriel | ; 
  Goldstein, Ariel | ; 
  Abend, Omri 
    
 Cross-domain alignment refers to the task of mapping a concept from one domain to another, for example, ``If a \textit{doctor} were a \textit{color}, what color would it be?''. This seemingly peculiar task was designed to investigate how people represent concrete and abstract concepts through their mappings between categories and their reasoning processes over those mappings. In this paper, we adapt this task from cognitive science to evaluate the conceptualization and reasoning abilities of large language models (LLMs) through a behavioral study. We examine several LLMs by prompting them with a cross-domain mapping task and analyzing their responses at the population level and the individual level. Additionally, we assess the models' ability to reason about their predictions by analyzing and categorizing their explanations for these mappings. The results reveal several similarities between humans' and models' mappings and explanations, suggesting that models represent concepts similarly to humans. This similarity is evident not only at the model representation level but also in their behavior. Furthermore, the models mostly provide valid explanations and deploy reasoning paths that are similar to humans.  

 Grounding Language about Belief in a Bayesian Theory-of-Mind   
   
 Ying, Lance | ; 
  Zhi-Xuan, Tan | ; 
  Wong, Lionel | ; 
  Mansinghka, Vikash | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
    
 Despite the fact that beliefs are mental states that cannot be directly observed, humans talk about each others' beliefs on a regular basis, often using rich compositional language to describe what others think and know. What explains this capacity to interpret the hidden epistemic content of other minds? In this paper, we take a step towards an answer by grounding the semantics of belief statements in a Bayesian theory-of-mind: By modeling how humans jointly infer coherent sets of goals, beliefs, and plans that explain an agent's actions, then evaluating statements about the agent's beliefs against these inferences via epistemic logic, our framework provides a functional role semantics for belief, explaining the gradedness and compositionality of human belief attributions, as well as their intimate connection with goals and plans. We evaluate this framework by studying how humans attribute goals and evaluate belief sentences while watching an agent solve a doors-and-keys gridworld puzzle that requires instrumental reasoning about hidden objects. In contrast to pure logical deduction, non-mentalizing baselines, and mentalizing that ignores the role of instrumental plans, our model provides a much better fit to human goal and belief attributions, demonstrating the importance of theory-of-mind for modeling how humans understand language about beliefs.  

 Form Perception as a Bridge to Real-World Functional Proficiency   
   
 Ben-Ami, Shlomit | ; 
  Shukla, Vishakha | ; 
  Gupta, Priti | ; 
  Shah, Pragya | ; 
  Ralekar, Dr. Chetan | ; 
  Ganesh, Dr. Suma | ; 
  Gilad-Gutnick, Dr. Sharon | ; 
  Rubio-Fernàndez, Paula | ; 
  Sinha, Pawan 
    
 Recognizing the limitations of standard vision assessments in capturing the real-world capabilities of individuals with low vision, we investigated the potential of the Seguin Form Board Test (SFBT), a widely-used intelligence assessment employing a visuo-haptic shape-fitting task, as an estimator of vision's practical utility. We present findings from 23 children from India, who underwent treatment for congenital bilateral dense cataracts, and 21 control participants. To assess the development of functional visual ability, we conducted the SFBT and the standard measure of visual acuity, before and longitudinally after treatment. We observed a dissociation in the development of shape-fitting and visual acuity. Improvements of patients' shape-fitting preceded enhancements in their visual acuity after surgery and emerged even with acuity worse than that of control participants. Our findings highlight the importance of incorporating multi-modal and cognitive aspects into evaluations of visual proficiency in low-vision conditions, to better reflect vision's impact on daily activities.  

 Chain Versus Common Cause: Biased Causal Strength Judgments in Humans and Large Language Models   
   
 Keshmirian, Anita | ; 
  Willig, Moritz | ; 
  Hemmatian, Babak | ; 
  Kersting, Kristian | ; 
  Hahn, Ulrike | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
    
 Causal reasoning is important for humans and artificial intelligence (AI). Causal Bayesian Networks (CBNs) model causal relationships using directed links between nodes in a network. Deviations from their edicts result in biased judgments. This study explores one such bias by examining two structures in CBNs: canonical Chain (A‚ÜíC‚ÜíB) and Common Cause (A‚ÜêC‚ÜíB) networks. In these structures, if C is known, the probability of the outcome (B) is normatively independent of the initial cause (A). But humans often ignore the independence. We tested mutually exclusive predictions of three theories that could account for this bias (N=300). Our results show that humans perceive causes in Chain structures as significantly stronger, supporting only one of the hypotheses. The increased perceived causal power might reflect a view of intermediate causes as more reflective of reliable mechanisms. The bias may stem from our interventions or how we talk about causality with others. LLMs are primarily trained on language data. Therefore, examining whether they exhibit similar biases can determine the extent to which language is the vehicle of such causal biases, with implications for whether LLMs can abstract causal principles. We, therefore, subjected three LLMs, GPT3.5-Turbo, GPT4, and Luminous Supreme Control, to the same queries as our human subjects, adjusting a key ‚Äòtemperature' hyperparameter. We show that at greater randomness levels, LLMs exhibit a similar bias, suggesting it is supported by language use. The absence of item effects suggests a degree of causal principle abstraction in LLMs.  

 Testing Causal Models of Word Meaning in LLMs   
   
 Musker, Sam | ; 
  Pavlick, Ellie 
    
 Large Language Models (LLMs) have driven extraordinary improvements in NLP. However, it is unclear how such models represent lexical concepts-i.e., the meanings of the words they use. We evaluate the lexical representations of GPT-4, GPT-3, and Falcon-40B through the lens of HIPE theory, a concept representation theory focused on words describing artifacts (such as ‚Äúmop‚Äù, ‚Äúpencil‚Äù, and ‚Äúwhistle‚Äù). The theory posits a causal graph relating the meanings of such words to the form, use, and history of the referred objects. We test LLMs with the stimuli used by Chaigneau et al. (2004) on human subjects, and consider a variety of prompt designs. Our experiments concern judgements about causal outcomes, object function, and object naming. We do not find clear evidence that GPT-3 or Falcon-40B encode HIPE's causal structure, but find evidence that GPT-4 does. The results contribute to a growing body of research characterizing the representational capacity of LLMs.  

 Multiple Realizability and the Rise of Deep Learning   
   
 McGrath, Sam Whitman | ; 
  Russin, Jacob 
    
 The multiple realizability thesis holds that psychological states may be implemented in a diversity of physical systems. The deep learning revolution seems to be bringing this possibility to life, offering the most plausible examples of man-made realizations of sophisticated cognitive functions to date. This paper explores the implications of deep learning models for the multiple realizability thesis. Among other things, it challenges the widely held view that multiple realizability entails that the study of the mind can and must be pursued independently of the study of its implementation in the brain or in artificial analogues. Although its central contribution is philosophical, the paper has substantial methodological upshots for contemporary cognitive science, suggesting that deep neural networks may play a crucial role in formulating and evaluating hypotheses about cognition, even if they are interpreted as implementation-level models. In the age of deep learning, multiple realizability possesses a renewed significance.  

 Evaluating human and machine understanding of data visualizations   
   
 Verma, Arnav | ; 
  Mukherjee, Kushin | ; 
  Potts, Christopher | ; 
  Kreiss, Elisa | ; 
  Fan, Judith E. 
    
 Although data visualizations are a relatively recent invention, most people are expected to know how to read them. How do current machine learning systems compare with people when performing tasks involving data visualizations? Prior work evaluating machine data visualization understanding has relied upon weak benchmarks that do not resemble the tests used to assess these abilities in humans. We evaluated several state-of-the-art algorithms on data visualization literacy assessments designed for humans, and compared their responses to multiple cohorts of human participants with varying levels of experience with high school-level math. We found that these models systematically underperform all human cohorts and are highly sensitive to small changes in how they are prompted. Among the models we tested, GPT-4V most closely approximates human error patterns, but gaps remain between all models and humans. Our findings highlight the need for stronger benchmarks for data visualization understanding to advance artificial systems towards human-like reasoning about data visualizations.  

 Without his cookies, he's just a monster: a counterfactual simulation model of social explanation   
   
 Brockbank, Erik | ; 
  Yang, Justin | ; 
  Govil, Mishika | ; 
  Fan, Judith E. | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
    
 Everyday reasoning about others involves accounting for why they act the way they do. With many explanations for someone's behavior, how do observers choose the best one? A large body of work in social psychology suggests that people's explanations rely heavily on traits rather than external factors. Recent results have called this into question, arguing that people balance traits, mental states, and situation to make sense of others' actions. How might they achieve this? In the current work, we hypothesize that people rely on counterfactual simulation to weigh different explanations for others' behavior. We propose a computational model of this process that makes concrete predictions about when people will prefer to explain events based on the actor's traits or their situation. We test the predictions of this model in an experimental paradigm in which trait and situation each guide behavior to varying degrees. Our model predicts people's causal judgments well overall but is less accurate for trait explanations than situational explanations. In a comparison with simpler causal heuristics, a majority of participants were better predicted by the counterfactual model. These results point the way toward a more comprehensive understanding of how social reasoning is performed within the context of domain-general causal inference.  

 Bargaining power, outside options, and moral judgment   
   
 Le Pargneux, Arthur | ; 
  Cushman, Fiery 
    
 For contractualist accounts of morality, actions are moral if they correspond to what rational agents would agree to do, were they to negotiate explicitly. This, in turn, often depends on each party's bargaining power and on their outside options: what each of them could get in the absence of agreement. If there is an asymmetry, with one party enjoying higher bargaining power than another, this party can usually get a better deal ‚Äî as often happens in real negotiations. A strong test of contractualist accounts of morality, then, is whether moral judgments do take bargaining power into account. We explore this in three preregistered experiments (n = 1,616). We construct scenarios depicting everyday interactions between two parties in which one of them can perform a mutually beneficial but unpleasant action. We find that the same actions (asking the other to perform the unpleasant action, or explicitly refusing to do it) are perceived as less morally appropriate when performed by the party with worse outside options, as compared to the party with better outside options. Thus, participants tend to give more moral leeway to the party with higher bargaining power, and to hold the disadvantaged party to stricter moral standards. This effect appears to depend only on the relative ordering of outside options, but not the magnitude of the difference between them. We discuss implications for contractualist theories of moral cognition and the emergence and persistence of unfair norms and inequality.  

 Exploring the Contributions of Semantics and Emotion to Word Memorability: a Behavioural and Computational Modeling Study   
   
 Zhang, Haoyu | ; 
  Bainbridge, Wilma | ; 
  Sun, Pei | ; 
  Lee, Andy C.H. 
    
 Memorability is an intrinsic property of stimuli, reflecting their average likelihood of being remembered across individuals. While recent research has examined the relationship between semantic relatedness and English word memorability, it is unclear whether these findings apply to other languages, and moreover, whether emotional content contributes to word memorability. We conducted three behavioural cued-recall experiments using Chinese words and implemented computational modeling to examine semantic relatedness and emotional consistency as predictors of memorability. We found that both factors explained word memorability: words that were more semantically dissimilar were associated with higher memorability; broad emotional consistency (non-neutral cue-target pairs) and positive emotional consistency (positive-positive pairs) both had memory advantages. Our results provide new insights into Chinese word memorability, and the potential contributions of semantics and emotion.  

 Experimental Emergence of Conventions in Humans: Emergence, stability and cognitive implications   
   
 Mohan, Oviya | ; 
  Biro, Dora 
    
 Conventions are arbitrary and self-sustaining practices that emerge in a population and facilitate solving coordination problems. A recent study (Formaux et al. 2021) traced the formation of simple conventions in captive baboons in a touch-screen-based colour-matching ‚Äògame'. We replicated this task with human pairs under different conditions (varying the instructions given, visual access to partner's screen, and subjects' previous experience) to assess their effects on convention formation. We found that more information delayed the formation of conventions (arbitrary rankings of colours). Interestingly, pairs maintained their conventions even when given visual access to their partner's screen, despite the availability of a potentially simpler strategy (copying). Although experienced subjects did not transmit their conventions to na√Øve subjects, they enabled more rapid establishment of a new convention. We hypothesise that these effects are rooted in whether human subjects are prompted to employ cognitively less or more sophisticated processes during behavioural coordination.  

 A preregistered investigation of language-specific distributional learning advantages in English-Mandarin bilingual adults   
   
 Goh, Hannah L. | ; 
  Styles, Suzy J. 
    
 Language-specific accounts of bilingual learning advantages suggest that advantages in language learning are tied to an individual's linguistic experience, with learning advantages stemming from transfer effects between known and to-be-learnt language features. To test this hypothesis, we trained Singapore English-Mandarin bilinguals on a synthesised alveolar-retroflex [ts ∞u…ôÃÅn]-[ à Ç ∞u…ôÃÅn] contrast with a bimodal distributional learning paradigm. We reasoned that participants with higher Mandarin understanding proficiencies would show larger distributional learning effects due to transfer between real-world Mandarin experience and the training stimuli. We examined overall learning effects in a pilot study (N = 20) and a preregistered main study (N = 50). We found evidence of learning in both the pilot and the main study. We also found evidence of a transfer effect tied to individual Mandarin skills, with larger learning effects linked to higher Mandarin understanding proficiencies. This study demonstrates specific advantages of language background on perceptual learning at the individual level.  

 Grey and white matter metrics demonstrate distinct and complementary prediction of differences in cognitive performance in children: Findings from ABCD (N= 11 876)   
   
 Michel, Lea | ; 
  McCormick, Ethan | ; 
  Kievit, Rogier A 
    
 Individual differences in cognitive performance in childhood are a key predictor of significant life outcomes such as educational attainment and mental health. Differences in cognitive ability are governed in part by variations in brain structure. However, studies commonly focus on either grey or white matter metrics in humans, leaving open the key question as to whether grey or white matter microstructure play distinct or complementary roles supporting cognitive performance. To compare the role of grey and white matter in supporting cognitive performance, we used regularized structural equation models to predict cognitive performance with grey and white matter measures. Specifically, we compared how grey matter (volume, cortical thickness and surface area) and white matter measures (volume, fractional anisotropy and mean diffusivity) predicted individual differences in cognitive performance. The models were tested in 11,876 children (ABCD Study, 5680 female; 6196 male) at 10 years old. We found that grey and white matter metrics bring partly non-overlapping information to predict cognitive performance. The models with only grey or white matter explained respectively 15.4% and 12.4% of the variance in cognitive performance, while the combined model explained 19.0%. Zooming in we additionally found that different metrics within grey and white matter had different predictive power, and that the tracts/regions that were most predictive of cognitive performance differed across metric. These results show that studies focusing on a single metric in either grey or white matter to study the link between brain structure and cognitive performance are missing a key part of the equation.  

 Cognitive Performance in Students: Focus on Lifestyle Factors, Brain Activity & Meditation Intervention   
   
 Parekh, Shriya | ; 
  goyal, shruti | ; 
  Batabyal, Anuradha 
    
 This study explores the impact of a single-session meditation intervention on cognitive performance and brain wave responses in university students (~19 years) with varying physical activity levels. In a fast-paced academic environment, understanding factors influencing cognitive health is crucial for overall well-being. Lifestyle components, including sports engagement, stress, sleep, loneliness, and anxiety, were examined using a quasi-experimental design. Participants underwent pre-and-post cognitive tests focusing on attention and working memory with simultaneous brain activity measurement. Experimental groups practiced guided meditation, while controls listened to meditation-benefits audio. Results indicate improved cognitive performance in students from both no-sports and sports groups post-meditation and control. Brain wave data aligned with cognitive performance, revealing a relaxed focus state post-meditation. This provides valuable data from student populations, supporting the development of interventions for a healthier learning environment and validating portable EEG devices for potential use in neurofeedback and cognitive neuroscience research.  

 The effect of jargon on perceptions of explanation quality: Reconciling contradictory findings   
   
 Cruz, Francisco | ; 
  Lombrozo, Tania 
    
 How can non-experts evaluate expert explanations despite their limited understanding? The present research explores this question by focusing on one facet of expert explanations: the role of jargon and its effects on perceptions of an explanation's quality. Specifically, we aim to reconcile contradictory findings from past research. While some authors find that explanations with jargon are perceived to be better than those without, others find that jargon has detrimental effects. These studies differ in a number of properties that we investigate systematically across three experiments (N=737; N=734; N=733). We find that jargon can boost explanatory satisfaction for incomplete explanations, potentially because the jargon is taken to fill an explanatory gap. However, the benefits of jargon (for explanatory satisfaction and perceived learning) decrease as explanations become more complete. On the other hand, detrimental effects of jargon (on comprehensibility, confidence, and deference to experts) are found regardless of explanatory completeness.  

 Infinite Ends from Finite Samples: Open-Ended Goal Inference as Top-Down Bayesian Filtering of Bottom-Up Proposals   
   
 Zhi-Xuan, Tan | ; 
  Kang, Gloria | ; 
  Mansinghka, Vikash | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
    
 The space of human goals is tremendously vast; and yet, from just a few moments of watching a scene or reading a story, we seem to spontaneously infer a range of plausible motivations for the people and characters involved. What explains this remarkable capacity for intuiting other agents' goals, despite the infinitude of ends they might pursue? And how does this cohere with our understanding of other people as approximately rational agents? In this paper, we introduce a sequential Monte Carlo model of open-ended goal inference, which combines top-down Bayesian inverse planning with bottom-up sampling based on the statistics of co-occurring subgoals. By proposing goal hypotheses related to the subgoals achieved by an agent, our model rapidly generates plausible goals without exhaustive search, then filters out goals that would be irrational given the actions taken so far. We validate this model in a goal inference task called Block Words, where participants try to guess the word that someone is stacking out of lettered blocks. In comparison to both heuristic bottom-up guessing and exact Bayesian inference over hundreds of goals, our model better predicts the mean, variance, efficiency, and resource rationality of human goal inferences, achieving similar accuracy to the exact model at a fraction of the cognitive cost, while also explaining garden-path effects that arise from misleading bottom-up cues. Our experiments thus highlight the importance of uniting top-down and bottom-up models for explaining the speed, accuracy, and generality of human theory-of-mind.  

 Reading in conditions of low contrast; the adaptability of binocular fixation behaviours   
   
 Zhu, Ruomeng | ; 
  Obregón, Mateo | ; 
  Shillcock, Richard 
    
 How does the visual system adapt to reduced contrast? Participants read a row of white numbers against a static background that changed from black to white, from left to right. There was pervasive binocular disparity between the fixation points of the left and right eye as legibility decreased. Overall, the lines of sight crossed more frequently in front of the stimulus plane (‚Äúcrossed fixation disparities‚Äù) than behind (‚Äúuncrossed fixation disparities‚Äù). The proportion of crossed fixation disparities increased systematically with reading difficulty. Absolute size of fixation disparity changed differentially in the two disparity types when contrast reduced, implicating different subsystems. We claim that hemisphericity provides the most insightful understanding of these behaviours. The viewer has flexible control of (a) advantaged contralateral projections from retina to cortex, (b) the size of the perceptual window, and (c) binocular fusion. Thus, an apparent failure of the eyes to fixate precisely conjointly is revealed as an adaptation of embodied cognition.  

 Examining the robustness and generalizability of the shape bias: a meta-analysis   
   
 Abdelrahim, Samah O | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. 
    
 The "shape bias" -- the bias to generalize new nouns by their shape rather than other features such as color or texture -- has been argued to facilitate early noun learning for children. However, there is conflicting evidence about the magnitude and nature of this bias, as well as how it changes developmentally and how it varies across cultures. In this paper, we synthesize evidence about the shape bias using meta-analysis and meta-regression. We find strong overall evidence for the shape bias, but the literature is dominated by studies of English-speaking children, making it difficult to assess cross-cultural differences. Large between-study heterogeneity also highlights procedural variation in the literature. Overall, publication bias, heterogeneity, and data sparsity may limit the ability to distinguish theoretical accounts of the shape bias.  

 GeoGami: A Research Software for Training and Measuring Navigational Map Reading Competence   
   
 Schwering, Angela | ; 
  Aleksandrov, Mitko | ; 
  Qamaz, Yousef 
    
 Orientation competence, the ability to determine one's location and heading direction, stands as one of the most fundamental skills. Maps are important for navigators providing spatial orientation. Researchers have investigated navigational map reading competence, wayfinding strategies, and performance in many experiments facing similar challenges to assess navigation behaviour in real and virtual environments. GeoGami is a free and open-source research software tailored for training and evaluating map-reading competence in navigational studies. Our software supports the assessment and training of sub-competencies of navigational map-reading through tasks tailored towards a specific sub-competency. We explain the unique design of the GeoGami, supporting diverse setups of navigational experiments while systematically assessing the performance. Our key contribution lies in demonstrating how theoretically defined navigational map-reading competencies can be implemented in GPS-enabled software and how systematically designed research software can effectively harness the diverse capabilities of digital maps and location-based systems for research and training purposes.  

 What drives word order preferences?   
   
 Linders, Guido Marvel | ; 
  Schnell, Stefan | ; 
  Bickel, Balthasar 
    
 What drives word order in transitive sentences? Is the oft-noted universal preference for agents to be in the first free argument position a key factor in shaping word order, or is this agent-first principle a mere epiphenomenon of one or more other preferences that are all to some extent correlated with agentivity, in particular the tendency for human referents to precede nonhuman referents, pronouns to precede full noun phrases, shorter arguments to precede longer arguments and given discourse referents to precede new discourse referents? Corpus evidence from 81 languages confirms the universality of these word order principles across a large and diverse set of languages. Using random forest classification models trained to predict the relative position of an argument, we show that these principles do not equally shape word order preferences and that agentivity indeed outcompetes the other principles, suggesting that it is the primary factor driving word order preferences.  

 Exploring Cognitive Diversity and Dynamics for Effective Language Memory Retention   
   
 Lin, Gaoyun | ; 
  Hu, Yahong 
    
 Spaced repetition, key for long-term memory retention through optimized review schedules based on predicted memory retention, is increasingly vital for effective language learning. Traditional methods, however, often fail to account for individual cognitive variations and material difficulty, resulting in a lack of high adaptability and effectiveness. To address this, our study introduces the Multidimensional Cognition Regression (MCR) model. MCR incorporates the Difficulty Engineering (DE) module, which integrates both objective and subjective factors to evaluate the intricacy of the content. Moreover, MCR further leverages a variety of user memory and cognitive characteristics, combined with psychological insights and machine learning techniques, to predict the memory ``half-life" of material. This approach transcends methods like Half-Life Regression proven effective on Duolingo, reducing prediction errors demonstrated by lower Mean Absolute Error. Based on the predictive modeling of memory's halflife and corresponding biological memory patterns, we opt to schedule reviews at the juncture when the memory decays to its halflife point. Empirical validation in real-world settings showed enhanced retention efficiency.  

 Neural-agent Language Learning and Communication: Emergence of Dependency Length Minimization   
   
 Zhang, Yuqing | ; 
  Verhoef, Tessa | ; 
  van Noord, Gertjan | ; 
  Bisazza, Arianna 
    
 Natural languages tend to minimize the linear distance between heads and their dependents in a sentence, known as dependency length minimization (DLM). Such a preference, however, has not been consistently replicated with neural agent simulations. Comparing the behavior of models with that of human learners can reveal which aspects affect the emergence of this phenomenon. This work investigates the minimal conditions that may lead neural learners to develop a DLM preference. We add three factors to the standard neural-agent language learning and communication framework to make the simulation more realistic, namely: (i) the presence of noise during listening, (ii) context-sensitivity of word use, and (iii) incremental sentence processing. While no preference appears in production, we show that the proposed factors contribute to a small but significant learning advantage of DLM for listeners of verb-initial languages. Our findings offer insights into essential elements contributing to DLM preferences in purely statistical learners.  

 Transcranial magnetic stimulation of primary motor cortex does not change meaning construction from action sentences   
   
 Solana, Pablo | ; 
  Escàmez, Omar | ; 
  Casasanto, Daniel | ; 
  Chica, Ana B. | ; 
  Santiago, Julio 
    
 In a preregistered experiment, we tested whether interfering with primary motor cortex (M1) activation can change how people construe meaning from language. Participants were presented with sentences describing motor actions and asked to choose between a concrete and an abstract interpretation of their meaning. Prior to this task, participants' M1 was disrupted using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). The results suggested strong evidence against the idea that M1-rTMS affects meaning construction. Additional analyses and experiments suggest that the absence of effect cannot be accounted for by failure to inhibit M1, lack of task validity, or lack of power to detect a small effect. These results do not support a causal role for primary motor cortex in building meaning from action language.  

 Doing Experiments and Revising Rules with Natural Language and Probabilistic Reasoning   
   
 Piriyakulkij, Top | ; 
  Ellis, Kevin 
    
 We build a computational model of how humans actively infer hidden rules by doing experiments. The basic principles behind the model is that, even if the rule is deterministic, the learner considers a broader space of fuzzy probabilistic rules, which it represents in natural language, and updates its hypotheses online after each experiment according to approximately Bayesian principles. In the same framework we also model experiment design according to information-theoretic criteria. We find that the combination of these three principles -- explicit hypotheses, probabilistic rules, and online updates -- can explain human performance on a Zendo-style task, and that removing any of these components leaves the model unable to account for the data.  

 Adapting to loss: A normative account of grief   
   
 Dulberg, Zack 
    
 Grief is a reaction to loss that is observed across human cultures and even in other species. While the particular expressions of grief vary significantly, universal aspects include experiences of emotional pain and frequent remembering of what was lost. Despite its prevalence, and its obvious nature, considering grief from a normative perspective is puzzling: Why do we grieve? Why is it painful? And why is it sometimes prolonged enough to be clinically impairing? Using the framework of reinforcement learning with memory replay, we offer answers to these questions and suggest, counter-intuitively, that grief may have normative value with respect to reward maximization. We additionally perform a set of simulations that identify and explore optimal grieving parameters, and use our model to account for empirical phenomena such as individual differences in human grief trajectories.  

 Visual selective attention: Priority is all you need   
   
 Grieben, Raul | ; 
  Spencer, John | ; 
  Schöner, Gregor 
    
 We present a novel theory and neural process model of visual selective attention to answer long-standing questions in the field of visual attention. We show that the model with fixed parameter values can explain the unexpected efficiency of triple conjunction search (Nordfang & Wolfe, 2014), the influence of a task-irrelevant size singleton on search (Proulx, 2007), and how a third correlated but task-irrelevant feature improves search efficiency (Found, 1998). It also accounts for critical findings in the attention capture literature without the need to introduce different modes (Bacon & Egeth, 1994), signal-suppression (Gaspelin, Leonard, & Luck, 2015; Gaspelin & Luck, 2018; Lien, Ruthruff, & Hauck, 2021) or an attentional window (Theeuwes, 1992, 2023), shedding new light on recent debates.  

 On the ecologically rational inference and memory-based judgment errors   
   
 Honda, Hidehito | ; 
  Shirasuna, Masaru | ; 
  Kawaguchi, Jun | ; 
  Matsuka, Toshihiko | ; 
  Ueda, Kazuhiro 
    
 Human memory has various deficits such as forgetting. Such deficits are generally regarded as human irrationality. However, superficial deficits in human cognition can be understood differently as rational aspects in terms of the interaction between human cognition and the environmental feature. Based on this idea, the present study analyzed the nature of memory-based judgment errors. We hypothesized that systematic errors are produced when ecologically rational inferences based on statistical regularity in the environment are performed in uncertain situations. To verify this hypothesis, we proposed a benchmark for a rational inference model of memory-based judgments under uncertainty, and tested it by analyzing real-world data, computer simulations, and a behavioral experiment. We found that the error patterns participants showed in the memory-based judgment were consistent with those predicted by the rational inference benchmark. These findings provide new insights into the errors produced by memory-based judgments from the rational side of cognition.  

 Modeling the Link between the Plausibility of Statements and the Illusory Truth Effect   
   
 Aktepe, Semih C. | ; 
  Heck, Daniel W. 
    
 People judge repeated statements as more true than new ones. This illusory truth effect is a robust phenomenon when statements are ambiguous and plausible. However, previous studies provided conflicting evidence on whether repetition also affects truth judgments for highly implausible statements. Given the lack of a formal theory explaining the interaction between repetition and plausibility on the illusory truth effect, it is important to develop a formal model to explicitly represent the assumptions regarding this phenomenon. In this study, we develop a Bayesian cognitive model that builds on the simulation-based model by Fazio, Rand, and Pennycook (2019). Thereby, we formalize how repetition and plausibility jointly influence the illusory truth effect in light of nonlinear transformations of binary truth judgments. We test our model using experimental data from two previous studies by computing Bayes factors for four competing model variants. Our findings vary across studies but indicate that the observed interaction of repetition and plausibility may be explained by a constant, additive effect of repetition at a latent probit scale.  

 Increasing reward prospect promotes cognitive flexibility: Further evidence from a cued global-local task   
   
 Fröber, Kerstin 
    
 Goal-directed behavior requires a dynamic balance between cognitive stability and flexibility. This balance can be modulated by performance-contingent reward. Converging evidence suggests that such rewards promote stability by increasing cue maintenance for response preparation in tasks like the AX continuous performance task. However, task switching studies showed oppositional effects of performance-contingent reward depending on the immediate reward history: Only remaining high reward prospect increases stability, whereas increasing reward prospect increases flexibility. The present study tests whether the flexibility-enhancing effect of increasing reward prospect generalizes beyond task switching scenarios. In a novel cued global-local task, the cue-validity effect served to indicate cognitive flexibility versus stability. Evidence from two experiments shows that increasing reward prospect reduces the cue-validity effects but only in error rates. This suggests more flexibility in terms of increased reactive control compared to remaining high reward prospect, which could be functionally adaptive to prevent extreme stability.  

 A Causal Link between Working Memory Capacity and Attention Distribution in Category Learning   
   
 Wan, Qianqian 
    
 Category learning is a crucial aspect of cognition that involves organizing entities into equivalence classes. Whereas adults tend to focus on category-relevant features, young children often distribute their attention between relevant and irrelevant ones. The reasons for children's distributed attention are not fully understood. In two category-learning experiments with adults (N=155), we examined working memory capacity as a potential driver of distributed attention. By asking participants to monitor a series of digits while learning novel categories, we reduced their working memory capacity, which could be needed for maintaining multiple attentional templates that guide attention. Despite identifying features critical for accurate categorization, adults with reduced working memory capacity, regardless of their categorization performance, continued sampling more information than was necessary. These results confirm the role of working memory capacity in guiding attention, suggesting the possibility that early in development, limited working memory capacity drives children's distributed attention and broad information sampling.  

 Parent-Child Interaction and Children's Engagement with and Learning of a Causal System: A Conversation Card Manipulation   
   
 Sobel, David M. | ; 
  Li, Angela 
    
 Numerous investigations of parent-child interaction suggest that higher levels of collaboration between parents and children during free play results in children's greater engagement with the activity. A concern with these findings is that parents who are less collaborative in setting goals tend to have children who are younger than parents who are more collaborative or hands off. These children might be less naturally engaged with the activity. The present study assigned parents and 3-4-year-olds (N=82; 44 boys and 38 girls) to one of three conditions, in which parents were instructed to be directive, collaborative, or more hands-off as the dyad learned a novel causal system. Regardless of the assigned condition, children whose parents were actually more collaborative during the interaction played longer with the causal system, suggesting they were more engaged by the activity. These data suggest that the actual nature of the parent-child interaction during a free play activity relates to children's engagement, but also that parents' natural interactive with children is not easy to manipulate.  

 Chinese Child-Directed Speech Is Faster and More Fluent Than Adult-Directed Speech   
   
 Han, Mengru | ; 
  Yang, Lianghui | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 This study investigated the differences in speaking rate and fluency between child-directed speech (CDS) and adult-directed speech (ADS), as well as individual variations. We analyzed fluency measures (speaking rate, pausing, repairs, and repetitions) in a corpus of Chinese ADS and CDS. The speech data included forty mothers telling the same story to their 18- or 24-month-old children and an adult. Our findings revealed that: (1) CDS was generally more fluent than ADS, with fewer pauses. (2) There were no significant differences in speaking rate between CDS and ADS for short utterances, but CDS was significantly faster than ADS for longer utterances. (3) We observed age-related differences in speaking rate between 18 and 24 months in relation to utterance length. This suggests that Chinese CDS is not slower but can be faster than ADS. These findings highlight language-specific and individual variations in the temporal aspects of CDS.  

 Distributed semantic representations of inanimate nouns are gender biased in gendered languages   
   
 Onnis, Luca | ; 
  Lim, Alfred 
    
 Does grammatical gender influence the meaning of inanimate nouns? We examined word embeddings from distributional semantics models, representing meanings in a vector space. In 26 gendered languages and non-gendered English, we measured the meaning similarity of inanimate nouns to gendered anchor nouns like 'male' and 'female.' In gendered languages, noun meanings aligned more with the anchor noun congruent with grammatical gender. This effect persisted when comparing the same nouns across languages (e.g., 'cucchiaio' vs 'cuchara' vs 'spoon'). We propose that grammatical gender introduces a gender bias into lexical semantics through distributional similarities with anchor words, revealing masculine/feminine features even without direct sensorimotor experience. This suggests that embodiment in language processing may become statistically embedded in word usage patterns.  

 Awareness of Experimentally Created Implicit Attitudes: Large-Scale Tests in Three Paradigms   
   
 Kurdi, Benedek | ; 
  Melnikoff, David | ; 
  Morris, Adam 
    
 Implicit attitudes are often defined as residing beyond conscious awareness. This definition has been challenged by robust evidence demonstrating highly accurate predictions of implicit attitudes. However, relevant tests have all been conducted using well-known targets (e.g., racial groups), about which participants possess ample relevant knowledge. Therefore, accurate predictions may have emerged from inferential mechanisms rather than privileged first-person awareness. Here we probe participants' (N = 4,448) ability to report their own experimentally created implicit attitudes across four studies where implicit attitudes and their explicit counterparts (representing an obvious source of inference) were manipulated to shift in opposite directions. Predicted and actual implicit attitudes were either unrelated to each other, or predictive accuracy was limited to participants whose implicit and explicit attitudes were aligned. Echoing classic and contemporary accounts, these data suggest that implicit attitudes are (largely) unconscious, and successful implicit attitude predictions are likely subserved by inference rather than introspection.  

 Dissociable neurocognitive signatures in scene perception   
   
 Cohn, Neil | ; 
  Foulsham, Tom 
    
 The neurocognitive processes involved in understanding objects and scenes remains debated, such as the separability of electrophysiological responses thought to index object identification (N300) and semantic access (N400). Yet, studies typically introduce incongruities which evoke N300/N400 patterns, not different deflections. We measured EEG to naturalistic comic strips with panels that ‚Äúzoomed-in‚Äù on scene content. In Experiment 1, zoom and full-scene panels were compared within sequences that were in/congruous to the sequence. Incongruities evoked larger negativities for both the N300 and N400, while zoom panels elicited attenuated N300s yet enhanced N400s. In Experiment 2, zoom and full-scene panels appeared in succession. Both types evoked attenuated N400s when appearing second, benefiting from the repetition effect, but N300s were less negative for zooms than full panels. Across both experiments, these opposite patterns of deflections across components suggest differential processes of object identification (N300) and semantic access (N400) in the processing of visual information.  

 A large-scale comparison of cross-situational word learning models   
   
 Kachergis, George | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. 
    
 One problem language learners face is extracting word meanings from scenes with many possible referents. Despite the ambiguity of individual situations, a large body of empirical work shows that people are able to learn cross-situationally when a word occurs in different situations. Many computational models of cross-situational word learning have been proposed, yet there is little consensus on the main mechanisms supporting learning, in part due to the profusion of disparate studies and models, and lack of systematic model comparisons across a wide range of studies. This study compares the performance of several extant models on a dataset of 44 experimental conditions and a total of 1,696 participants. Using cross-validation, we fit multiple models representing theories of both associative learning and hypothesis-testing theories of word learning, find two best-fitting models, and discuss issues of model and mechanism identifiability. Finally, we test the models' ability to generalize to additional experiments, including develop- mental data.  

 SketchMapia: A comprehensive way to analyse sketch maps   
   
 Schwering, Angela | ; 
  Krukar, Jakub | ; 
  Manivannan, Charu 
    
 Sketch mapping is a method used to investigate an individual's cognitive map of the surrounding environment. Sketch maps provide qualitative insights into individuals' mental representations of space. Thus, sketch mapping is a powerful approach to study how people perceive and organize spatial information in their minds, Although the method of sketch mapping is used in numerous experiments to investigate people's spatial knowledge, there is no comprehensive method to analyze sketch maps. Most methods are quantitative and limited to counting features or determining the (metric) spatial distortion in sketch maps. Human spatial knowledge is incomplete, generalized and schematic. So are sketch maps. Our sketch map analysis method SketchMapia evaluates the completeness, level of generalization, and qualitative spatial accuracy of a sketch map. Our approach can assist researchers in psychology, cognitive science, geography, and education in systematically evaluating people's spatial knowledge via sketch maps, independent of specific research questions and experimental scenarios.  

 Causal coherence improves episodic memory of dynamic events   
   
 Arslan, Andreas | ; 
  Kominsky, Jonathan F. 
    
 ‚ÄúEpisodes‚Äù in memory are formed by the experience of dynamic events that unfold over time. However, just because a series of events unfolds sequentially does not mean that its constituents are related. Sequences can have a high degree of causal coherence, each event connecting to the next through a cause-and-effect relationship, or be a fragmented series of unrelated occurrences. Are causally coherent events remembered better? We used dynamic stimuli showing unfamiliar events to test the effect of causal structure on episodic recall in a cued memory task. Experiment 1 found that the order of causally coherent sequences of events is better remembered than that of fragmented events. Experiment 2 showed that recall of causally relevant details of coherent stimuli is superior to recall of details in fragmented sequences. These findings demonstrate that the episodic memory system is sensitive to the causal structure of events and suggest coherence usually improves recall.  

 Natural Language Semantics Encode Key Dimensions of Psychopathology   
   
 Martin Lopez, Maria | ; 
  Joyner, Keanan | ; 
  Thompson, Bill 
    
 Psychopathology, how we measure it and our conceptualization of its structure, is thought to be well reflected in natural language. Recent advances in machine learning and artificial intelligence provide opportunities to explore this connection quantitatively. Using a Large Language Model, we extracted sentence embeddings for the items of three well validated measures of psychopathology measuring Externalizing (ESI), Internalizing (IDAS), and Personality Disorders (PID-5). We analyzed the semantic relationships between the items in these inventories in an attempt to predict patterns of association between self-report responses in a previously collected sample of participants responding to these measures. Our analysis revealed moderate correlations between the semantic relationships and item-pair response distributions for all three measures (PID-5 r = .28, IDAS r = .26, ESI r = .57). However, follow up analyses showed that these correlations were generally higher at the subscale level for each measure rather than at the full measure level (mean trait r's: PID-5 r = .56, IDAS r =.47, ESI r = .55).  

 Semantic and Visual Features Drive the Intrinsic Memorability of Co-Speech Gestures   
   
 Guo, Xiaohan (Hannah) | ; 
  Bainbridge, Wilma | ; 
  Goldin-Meadow, Susan 
    
 Co-speech gestures that teachers spontaneously produce during explanations benefit students' learning by enhancing memory (Church et al., 2007). However, it remains unclear whether certain gestures are intrinsically more memorable, and if so, owing to what semantic and visual features. We created 360 10-second audiovisual stimuli by recording 20 actors producing natural, unscripted explanations of Piagetian conservation problems. For each audiovisual stimulus, two trained experimenters extracted high-level semantic and low-level visual/acoustic features in speech and gesture. We then tested online participants' memories using a between-subjects study-test paradigm in three different conditions: audiovisual (gesture+speech stimuli), visual-only (gesture-only version of the same stimuli), and audio-only (speech-only version of the same stimuli). We found that participants consistently remembered certain gesture, gesture+speech, and speech stimuli better than others. Focusing on the visual-only (gesture-only) condition, we discovered that both semantic (speech and gesture meaningfulness) and visual (number of hands used) features make co-speech gestures memorable.  

 Novelty Drives Exploration in Early Development in a Bottom-up Manner   
   
 Gao, Mengcun | ; 
  Sloutsky, Vladimir 
    
 One hypothesis for the exploration-to-exploitation developmental shift posits that children's heightened exploration can be driven by stimulus perceptual novelty through a bottom-up mechanism. A challenge to test this hypothesis has been the conflation of perceptual novelty and epistemic uncertainty, making it difficult to examine its independent effect. The current study decoupled perceptual novelty and uncertainty to provide new evidence that perceptual novelty alone can drive early exploration. We conducted two experiments in which children and adults were instructed to collect rewards from different options. Computational modeling was employed to compare children' and adults' exploration strategies. The results revealed that unlike adults, children were more likely to choose the option with perceptual novelty even when it had low reward values and no epistemic uncertainty. However, their novelty-preference attenuated when stimulus perceptual novelty was hidden rather visible, indicating that perceptual novelty drives heightened exploration in early development in a bottom-up manner.  

 Reach Tracking Reveals Distinct Inhibitory Control Processes in Adults' False Belief Inferences   
   
 Sobel, David M. | ; 
  Kamper, David G. | ; 
  Song, Joo-Hyun 
    
 The present study examines distinct inhibitory processes as adults make inferences about others' true and false beliefs while the movement of their finger is tracked in 3D space over time. This reach tracking method allows us to isolate distinct inhibitory control processes while participants make an inference. Adult participants were asked to make inferences about others' true and false belief states, as well as two control trials that differed in the use of inhibitory control. Adults showed a difference in accuracy in responding to others' true and false beliefs, suggesting that even though young children can recognize others' belief states, such performance is not at ceiling in adulthood. Moreover, adults showed a difference in the inhibitory resources necessary to make a response selection processes to accurately infer a false belief as opposed to a true one. Such differences were not present for other inferences that required different inhibitory control. This suggests that adults need specific inhibitory systems to infer others' false (as opposed to true) beliefs, and those systems are not involved in other inferences that require inhibition.  

 Performance on the Traveling Salesperson Problem: The role of perceptual cues and theories of intelligence   
   
 Blaser, Rachel | ; 
  Lockwood, Alexandra | ; 
  Fox, Cosette 
    
 The Traveling Salesperson Problem (TSP) is a combinatorial optimization problem originally of interest to mathematicians, but more recently used also in the context of cognitive and comparative psychology. Humans perform extremely well on spatial versions of this task, despite its mathematical complexity, making it an appealing tool for the study of spatial and mathematical cognition. We presented participants with three versions of a TSP in navigational space; one that could be solved visually, one with visual distractors, and one that also required the use of memory. The task was preceded by instructions that promoted either a ‚Äògrowth mindset' or ‚Äòfixed mindset' approach. Results indicated that performance on this navigational version of the TSP is generally good, though not quite as efficient as solutions reported in the traditional pencil-and-paper version of the task. The effects of visual distractors and of memory requirements were greater in problems with a larger number of targets. Instructions had no significant effect on performance.  

 Choice Architecture Induces Distortions in Economic Values: a Test across Two Memory Elicitations   
   
 Soukupova, Magdalena | ; 
  Palminteri, Stefano 
    
 Here we present results from three experiments demonstrating that the way in which options are organized during learning (i.e., the choice architecture) significantly affects the resulting memory representations of their economic values. That is, options that are optimal in the learning contexts tend to be significantly overvalued in the follow-up memory tests. By changing the choice architecture of the learning phase across experiments, we were able to show that this irrational bias is a direct consequence of the learning choice architecture, since presenting options in all possible combinations during learning eradicates this effect. Critically, all the results stand irrespective of the memory elicitation used.  

 The influence of global context and classifier-noun congruency on Chinese predictive sentence processing   
   
 Chen, Zhenlin | ; 
  Pablos Robles, Leticia | ; 
  Schiller, Niels O. 
    
 Accumulative behavioural and electrophysiological evidence has demonstrated the effects of sentence context on word processing. However, there is insufficient research investigating both global and local effects during processing. A Chinese classifier can select or exclude some nouns, and it is obligatorily used with numerals or demonstratives (e.g., ‚Äúthis‚Äù and ‚Äúthat‚Äù) to specify the quantity of an object or identify particular objects. There is no study that manipulated the congruency of Chinese classifiers to look at this local effect on processing the head nouns. In this study, we employed the EEG technique to investigate the prenominal prediction effect and, more importantly, to look at whether an incongruent classifier is strong enough to disconfirm a prediction generated by a highly constraining sentence. Highly constraining sentences were built and tested through a probability pre-test, and the probabilities of congruent head nouns of the sentences are all above 50%. We manipulated the congruency between global sentence context and head nouns, as well as the congruency between classifiers and head nouns in those highly constraining Chinese sentences using a two-by-two factorial design. The results revealed that the semantic and grammatical features of highly predicted nouns can be pre-activated prior to the bottom-up input of the head nouns. This effect is already visible at the classifier position as the N400 amplitude of an incongruent classifier is larger than that of a congruent classifier. In addition, both global sentence context and local classifier-noun congruency significantly influence head noun processing to the extent that neither factor exhibits overwhelming strength over the other, as indicated by the N400 amplitudes of the head nouns. Furthermore, both global and local information can be integrated during early lexical processing.  

 Basic syntax from speech: Spontaneous concatenation in unsupervised deep neural networks   
   
 Begus, Gasper | ; 
  Lu, Thomas | ; 
  Wang, Zili 
    
 Computational models of syntax are predominantly text-based. Here we propose that basic syntax can be modeled directly from raw speech in a fully unsupervised way. We focus on one of the most ubiquitous and elementary properties of syntax---concatenation. We introduce \textit{spontaneous concatenation}: a phenomenon where convolutional neural networks (CNNs) trained on acoustic recordings of individual words start generating outputs with two or even three words concatenated without ever accessing data with multiple words in the input. Additionally, networks trained on two words learn to embed words into novel unobserved word combinations. To our knowledge, this is a previously unreported property of CNNs trained on raw speech in the Generative Adversarial Network setting and has implications both for our understanding of how these architectures learn as well as for modeling syntax and its evolution from raw acoustic inputs.  

 Multimodal Input Aids a Bayesian Model of Phonetic Learning   
   
 Zhi, Sophia | ; 
  Levy, Roger | ; 
  Meylan, Stephan C. 
    
 One of the many tasks facing the typically-developing child language learner is learning to discriminate between distinctive sounds that make up words in their native language. We investigate whether multimodal information---specifically adult speech coupled with video frames of speakers' faces---benefits a computational model of phonetic learning. We introduce a method for creating high-quality synthetic videos of speakers' faces for an existing audio corpus. Our learning model, when trained and tested on audiovisual inputs, achieves 8.1% relative improvement on a phoneme discrimination battery compared to a model trained and tested on audio-only input. It outperforms the audio model by 3.9% when tested on audio-only data, suggesting that visual information facilitates the acquisition of acoustic distinctions. In noisy audio environments, our audiovisual model recovers 67% of the loss in performance of the audio model relative to non-noisy environments. These results demonstrate that visual information benefits an ideal learner and illustrate multiple ways that children might leverage visual cues when learning to discriminate speech sounds.  

 Weaving the Fabric of Mathematics: Grounding Mathematical Knowledge in Fibre Technologies   
   
 Mendoza Straffon, Larissa 
    
 Attempts to recover and reconstruct the origins of mathematics have traditionally focused on identifying evidence of early notational systems of quantification. We aim to show in this paper that archaeological material culture can offer an alternate, more tangible source of information about mathematical knowledge in the deep past, especially when it is paired with ethnographic and cross-cultural data. In addition, when linked to the cognitive science of mathematics, it can support inferences about how humans first began to grasp, learn, and apply mathematical ideas. We focus on fibre technologies and weaving crafts as prime examples of activities that contain and afford mathematical knowledge, in response to Lakoff & Núñez's call to explore the common practices that underlie mathematical ideas and to rethink mathematics as grounded in human experience.  

 Experimental Investigation of Explanation Presentation for Visual Tasks with XAI   
   
 Maehigashi, Akihiro | ; 
  Fukuchi, Yosuke | ; 
  Yamada, Seiji 
    
 Explainable AI (XAI) has been developed to make AI understandable to humans by offering explanations of its operations. However, too much explanation could lead to users experiencing cognitive overload and developing inappropriate trust in AI. To investigate the appropriate amount of explanation, we examined the influence of explanation type on trust in AI using a classic visual search task in Experiment 1, and the influence of adapted explanation presentation on task performance using a practical visual identification task in Experiment 2. The results showed that AI results displayed alone increased trust and task performance in a low-complexity task, and displaying AI results with AI attention heatmaps (showing locations on which AI focused in task images) that had high interpretability increased trust and task performance in a high-complexity task. This study showed the importance of adjusting the amount of explanation for visual tasks with XAI.  

 Relating Hopfield Networks to Episodic Control   
   
 Chateau-Laurent, Hugo | ; 
  Alexandre, Frederic 
    
 Neural Episodic Control is a powerful reinforcement learning framework that employs a differentiable dictionary to store non-parametric memories. It was inspired by episodic memory on the functional level, but lacks a direct theoretical connection to the associative memory models generally used to implement such a memory. We first show that the dictionary is an instance of the recently proposed Universal Hopfield Network framework. We then introduce a continuous approximation of the dictionary readout operation in order to derive two energy functions that are Lyapunov functions of the dynamics. Finally, we empirically show that the dictionary outperforms the Max separation function, which had previously been argued to be optimal, and that performance can further be improved by replacing the Euclidean distance kernel by a Manhattan distance kernel. These results are enabled by the generalization capabilities of the dictionary, so a novel criterion is introduced to disentangle memorization from generalization when evaluating associative memory models.  

 Different Trajectories through Option Space in Humans and LLMs   
   
 Dracheva, Alina | ; 
  Phillips, Jonathan 
    
 Real-world decision-making requires the generation of possible options. Humans are exceptionally good at navigating such potentially unbounded spaces: they typically generate their best options first and most idiosyncratic last (Srinivasan, Acierno, & Phillips, 2022). Recently, large language models (LLMs) have shown impressive communication and reasoning abilities, suggesting that they may now be mirroring some of the conceptual structures used by humans. Here, we explore if LLMs navigate option spaces similarly to humans. We compared series of human-generated options to those from an LLM using the semantic similarity of generated options across various open-ended contexts. While LLMs display some global patterns similar to humans, their option sequences follow different trajectories within the semantic space. Specifically, GPT-3 frequently revisits previous semantic clusters, whereas humans progress more linearly. Additionally, compared to humans, GPT-4 typically shows fewer revisits and shorter stays in a given semantic cluster, suggesting a more transient trajectory across the semantic landscape.  

 The Task Task: Creative problem generation in humans and language models   
   
 Chu, Junyi | ; 
  Hu, Jennifer | ; 
  Ullman, Tomer D. 
    
 Machine creativity is on the rise. Recent studies find that large language models achieve human performance on common psychological tests of creativity, which often pose a given problem and ask for novel or unusual solutions. But can AI go beyond producing solutions for given problems, to creatively propose new problems? We present the Task Task, a novel test that asks participants to come up with creative problems. In this test, we assess the ability of humans and GPT-4 to design challenge tasks for a game show. We evaluated proposed tasks using crowdsourced subjective creativity ratings, as well as computational measures of linguistic complexity and semantic content. We found that GPT-4 achieves similar scores as humans on creativity, originality, and judgments of how fun or difficult the tasks are. However, model-generated output tends to be shorter and connect more semantically distant concepts. We discuss implications and future directions for the psychology of creativity.  

 The benefits of live in person feedback on children's mathematics performance   
   
 Merrick, Megan V | ; 
  Fyfe, Emily R. 
    
 Feedback is a necessary component of learning. Yet, variable effects of feedback remain unclear. We tested two features of feedback that may alter a learner's attention to the self and performance: (1) the modality of feedback‚Äîwhether feedback is provided by a computer alone, in a hybrid fashion (computer with virtual person), or by a live person, and (2) the personalization of feedback‚Äîwhether feedback contains the self-cue ‚Äúyou‚Äù or not. 6- to 8-year-old children (N = 150) completed a math task online via Zoom or in-person in lab. During the activity, children were assigned to different feedback conditions which varied both feedback modality and feedback personalization. Feedback modality was the only feature found to affect performance. In terms of children's accuracy, there was an advantage to having feedback from a live person. However, live in person feedback also reduced strategy variability, suggesting that it decreased children's exploratory problem-solving behaviors.  

 The Effect of Music on College Students' Stress Level and Cognitive Performance -- Perceived Pleasantness of Music Makes the Difference   
   
 Chan, Tsz-chung Ronald | ; 
  Tso, Ricky Van-yip 
    
 Prior research on the effects of acoustic music on stress reduction and cognitive performance has produced inconsistent results. This study investigated this relationship by conducting a within-subject experiment involving fifty five college students. The experiment involved playing acoustic music during assessment tasks and measuring changes in perceived stress levels and cognitive performance in music and non-music conditions. Results showed no significant one-way impacts of acoustic music on stress levels or cognitive performance. However, the effect of music on stress levels mediated the relationship between perceived pleasantness of the music and change in cognitive performance in response to music. Listening to liked music may reduce stress, improving performance, while disliked music may increase stress to an optimal level, facilitating performance. Thus, the effect of music on performance depends on individual perceived pleasantness of the music. This study has implications for selecting music for specific purposes, such as relaxation or cognitive enhancement.  

 The Extracted Mind   
   
 Loock, Louis 
    
 Since Clark and Chalmers unleashed the extended mind in 1998, a relentless dispute between propagators of extended cognition and guardians of bounded cognition evolved. Their dispute on whether organism‚Äìenvironment relations constitutively extend the location of cognition might reach a new turning point if we look at advanced tools and technologies. A third contender can be proposed which mounts an even stronger critique than bounded cognition by foreseeing the possibility of cognitive and mental extraction of certain states, processes and skills toward such external tools. Additional extraction criteria defeat externalistic conditions for such scenarios and they establish how cognition is usually bounded but potentially extractable away from its core. This third hypothesis may thereby even enchain the extracted mind. Theoretical, practical and ethical arguments originally developed for extended cognition can be redesigned for the hypothesis of extracted cognition.  

 Perceptions of Compromise: Comparing Consqequentialist and Conctractualist Accounts   
   
 Moore, Jared | ; 
  Levine, Sydney | ; 
  Choi, Yejin 
    
 We are constantly faced with the question of how to aggregate preferences, views, perspectives and values. This is a problem for groups attempting to accommodate individuals with differing needs and interests, as will be our focus. The problem of ``value aggregation'' therefore crops up in myriads of places across the social sciences---in rational decision theory, social choice models, and proposals for systems of democratic voting, for instance. These sub-disciplines have formalized proposals for how to deal with value aggregation, though, remarkably, no research has yet directly compared people's intuitions of two of the most obvious candidates for aggregation--taking the sum of all the values (the classic ``Utilitarian'' approach) and the product (a less well-known ``contractualist'' approach). In this paper, we systematically explore the proposals suggested by each algorithm, focusing on aggregating preferences across groups. We find that both humans and performant LLMs prefer a contractualist approach.  

 Intentional commitment as a spontaneous presentation of self   
   
 Cheng, Shaozhe | ; 
  Zhu, Jingyin | ; 
  Zhou, Jifan | ; 
  Shen, Mowei | ; 
  Gao, Tao 
    
 Commitment is a defining feature of human rationality. This study explores a social origin of spontaneous intentional commitment, assuming commitment in individual decision-making arises from an internalized self-presentation, transferring the audience of commitment from a real partner to an inner eye perspective. To test this "social inner eye" hypothesis, we exposed participants to different social contexts while maintaining the individual nature of the task. Across three experiments, we found that (a) individuals consistently showed stronger commitment when acting in front of others, (b) different social contexts had different impacts on the process of commitment formation, with the mere outside observer accelerating commitment, while a parallel player delays it, (c) participants spontaneously coordinated their intentions to avoid conflicts when playing with another parallel player, despite no coordination was required. Taken together, we demonstrated how social context influences the strength, content, and timing of individual commitment. These findings align with the perspective that individual commitment has a social origin. They also contribute to an understanding of why commitment is universally valued across cultures and is seen as a virtue rather than a weakness in human decision-making.  

 Modeling the Emergent Development of Inference-based Goal Anticipation in Infants   
   
 Theuer, Johanna Katharina | ; 
  Koch, Nadine Nicole | ; 
  Gumbsch, Christian | ; 
  Elsner, Birgit | ; 
  Butz, Martin V. 
    
 Infants develop the ability to anticipate action goals during their first year, as shown by anticipatory gaze behavior. As they grow older, this is first evident for most familiar actions and agents, e.g., human hands performing a reaching action; later also for unusual agents (e.g., mechanical claws). We argue that this ability emerges as infants attempt to segment the world they observe into events‚Äîto infer the currently unfolding events and to predict their consequences for minimizing anticipated uncertainty. We propose a computational model that explains this development from a functional, algorithmic perspective, CAPRI¬≤ (Cognitive Action PRediction And Inference in Infants). Our model integrates proposals about the development of object files, event files, and physical reasoning abilities into a learning and probabilistic planning-as-inference framework. While observing goal-directed, or arbitrary, interactions between two objects (i.e., potential agent and patient), CAPRI¬≤'s active inference processes infer both maximally consistent event interpretations and motor actions (here, eye fixations), where the latter are executed in the service of further minimizing current and anticipated uncertainties. As a result, CAPRI¬≤ models typical developmental patterns of infants' anticipatory gaze behavior in an emergent manner. In particular, to successfully model the emergent developmental pattern, our model suggests that infants activate object event files, implicitly reason about object interactions in an event-oriented manner, infer consistent interpretations of their observations, and control their gaze shifts to minimize anticipated uncertainty. We propose that these mechanisms, as reflected in our model, may constitute fundamental building blocks for developing goal-predictive capacities in infants.  

 Decoding the Bilingual Puzzle in Chinese Children with Dyslexia: Should L2 English Literacy be Salvaged Through Assimilation or Accommodation?   
   
 Tso, Ricky Van-yip | ; 
  Chan, Tsz-chung Ronald | ; 
  Yeung, Kit-yu Kitty | ; 
  Savage, Robert | ; 
  Siok, Wai Ting | ; 
  Shum, Kathy 
    
 Research on second-language (L2) English literacy development in Chinese children with dyslexia is limited, but existing studies suggest a puzzling phenomenon: These children experience difficulties in reading both native (L1) Chinese and L2 English, despite the distinct cognitive processes involved in reading Chinese and English which suggest minimal transfer between the two writing systems. This paper aims to investigate the above phenomenon and examine the role of phonics skills in improving English word reading in dyslexic Chinese children in 2 studies. Study 1 found that letter-sound-decoding knowledge robustly and significantly predicted English word naming and reading fluency in Chinese dyslexic children. Study 2 revealed that phonics-based interventions is required to significantly improve English literacy skills. The accommodation-assimilation hypothesis explains cross-language transfer of reading difficulties in Chinese-English bilinguals: Dyslexic Chinese children assimilate English word-decoding processes using their native language; they can accommodate and improve English literacy by learning letter-sound decoding skills.  

 Forging a head: how environmental elements influence the perception of a shape's facing direction   
   
 Ning, Jiangxue Valentina | ; 
  van Buren, Benjamin F. 
    
 Human perceivers are very sensitive to which way others are facing, with head and eye gaze cues capturing attention (when directed at us), orienting attention (when directed elsewhere), and even influencing downstream judgments about others' social traits. But what causes us to see a shape as directed in the first place? Does the perception of a shape's facing direction depend mainly on its internal structure ‚Äî or might it also be influenced by spatial context? In Experiment 1, observers briefly viewed a randomly oriented oval, and afterward used a circular slider to report which way they saw it as facing. A dot was always drawn near the oval ‚Äî aligned with either its long or short symmetry axis. Observers were biased to see the oval as facing toward the dot, but this effect was much stronger when the dot was aligned with the oval's long (vs. short) symmetry axis, indicating that external elements interact with a shape's internal structure to determine its perceived facing direction. How automatic is this association between long-axis alignment and ‚Äòtowardness'? In Experiment 2, participants saw the same displays, and now made speeded keypresses to indicate whether the oval's long or short axis was aligned with the dot. In one block of trials, they pressed an anterior (further forward) key to report long-axis alignment, and a posterior (further back) key to report short-axis alignment. In another block, they responded with opposite key-mappings. Participants responded faster in the block where an anterior key was paired with long-axis alignment and a posterior key with short-axis alignment, suggesting an automatic bias to see long-axis alignment as facing towards. We conclude that the perception of facing direction is driven by the interaction of internal structure and external context, in a way which indicates the particular salience of long symmetry axes.  

 Roles guide rapid inferences about agent knowledge and behavior   
   
 Baker, Aaron | ; 
  Dunham, Yarrow | ; 
  Jara-Ettinger, Julian 
    
 The ability to predict and understand other people's actions is critical for real-world social behavior. Here we hypothesized that representations of social roles (e.g., cashier, mechanic, doctor) enable people to build rapid expectations about what others know and how they might act. Using a self-paced reading paradigm and a variety of everyday roles, we show that the mere mention of a role (e.g., ‚Äúmechanic‚Äù) supports real time expectations about what the person will do (e.g., in the mechanic case, take your car keys but not your cellphone) and the knowledge they might possess (e.g., in the mechanic case, having private information about your car). Moreover, people reported more surprisal when the events deviated from role expectations, and they were more likely to misremember what happened. Our results suggest that roles are a powerful route for social understanding that has been previously understudied in social cognition.  

 Papers with Oral Presentation  
 Twice Upon a Time: Children Use Syntactic Bootstrapping to Learn the Meanings of Yesterday and Tomorrow   
   
 Maheshwari, Urvi | ; 
  Barner, David 
    
 Time words like ‚Äòyesterday' and ‚Äòtomorrow' are abstract, and are interpreted relative to the context in which they are produced: the word ‚Äòtomorrow' refers to a different point in time now than in 24 hours. We tested 112 3- to 5-year-old Hindi-speaking children on their knowledge of ‚Äòyesterday' and ‚Äòtomorrow', which are represented by the same word in Hindi-Urdu: ‚Äòkal'. We found that Hindi learners performed better than English learners when tested on actual past and future events, but that performance for hypothetical events was poor for both groups. Compatible with a ‚Äúsyntactic bootstrapping‚Äù account, we conclude that syntactic tense information ‚Äì which is necessary for differentiating ‚Äòyesterday' from ‚Äòtomorrow' in Hindi ‚Äì may play a stronger role in learning these words than mapping of specific words to particular past and future events (‚Äúevent mapping‚Äù).  

 The Impact of Teachers' Multimodal Cues on Students' L2 Vocabulary Learning in Naturalistic Classroom Teaching   
   
 Zhou, Jing | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 We investigated the impact of teachers' multimodal cues on L2 word learning in naturalistic teaching. 169 university students randomly watched 12 of 54 clips of English vocabulary instructions and took subsequent word recognition and learning tests. The learning outcomes were analysed as a function of teachers' prosodic, linguistic and gestural input during the instruction of each vocabulary while controlling for students' characteristics and varying teachers' influences. Results showed that a shorter mean length of utterances, fewer L2 English words, and more questions for students and ‚Äúphrase‚Äù teaching predicted better learning outcomes. Furthermore, students learning improved with teachers' slower speaking rate but fewer pauses and more iconic gestures. These results were robust even after controlling for other significant factors such as students' English proficiency, working memory, degree of liking of teachers and different teachers. Overall, multimodal cues enhance L2 vocabulary learning, with implications for educators, linguists, and cognitive scientists.  

 Anxiety symptoms of major depression associated with increased willingness to exert cognitive, but not physical effort   
   
 Bustamante, Laura A. | ; 
  Barch, Deanna | ; 
  Solis, Johanne | ; 
  Oshinowo, Temitope | ; 
  Grahek, Ivan | ; 
  Konova, Anna B | ; 
  Daw, Nathaniel | ; 
  Cohen, Jonathan 
    
 Reduced cognitive function in major depression (MDD) is often interpreted as a reduced ability to exert cognitive control. Here we used the Effort Foraging Task to test the hypothesis that reduced cognitive function may be due, in part, to decreased willingness to exert control in MDD because of increased cognitive effort "costs". Contrary to our predictions, neither cognitive nor physical effort costs differed with MDD diagnosis (N MDD=52, N Comparisons=27). However, we found distinct patterns of symptom relationships for cognitive and physical effort costs. In MDD, greater anxiety symptoms were selectively associated with lower cognitive, but not physical effort cost (i.e. greater willingness to exert cognitive effort), whereas greater anhedonia and behavioral apathy symptoms were selectively associated with increased physical (but not cognitive) effort costs. These findings support the measurement of both cognitive and physical effort as decision-making function markers that may inform heterogeneity of MDD.  

 Dynamics of Analogical Retrieval: Evaluating Spontaneous Access by Reversing the Traditional Presentation Order of Analogs during a Hypothesis-Generation Task   
   
 Rivas, Leandro E. | ; 
  Leon, Sabina | ; 
  Trench, Maximo 
    
 Analogical studies demonstrate that participants often fail to retrieve a well-learned base analog during the subsequent processing of a semantically-distant target analog. We evaluated whether presenting the target analog before the base analog increases analogical retrieval during hypothesis-generation. Experiment 1 revealed a higher rate of analogical retrieval when the target analog preceded the base analog, as compared to the traditional ‚Äúbase-target‚Äù sequence. Using a factorial design, Experiment 2 assessed whether spontaneously acknowledging the relevance of a subsequently encountered explanation for resuming a failed explanatory attempt requires the presence of structural similarities between the base and target situations. Results demonstrated that the primary contributor to spontaneous reactivation of a failed explanatory attempt is the presentation of an analogous phenomenon, while the presence of a useful explanation alone did not yield a significant impact. These findings contribute valuable insights to the dynamics of analogical retrieval and offer relevant implications for educational strategies.  

 The Effects of Stress and Anxiety in Technology-Based Learning Environments   
   
 Mian, Maliha Naushad | ; 
  Mohammadi, Gelareh | ; 
  Marcus, Nadine 
    
 Emotions, including stress and anxiety, strongly influence cognition and learning experiences. This study investigates the impacts of stress on cognitive load during learning, considering baseline anxiety levels and fluctuating stress. With a focus on technology-based learning, a web-based HTML introduction module was used. Using a social stress test, 15 participants underwent a stressful situation during learning, while the control group of 15 were in a neutral condition. Results indicate significantly elevated stress levels in the experimental group throughout the experiment, with a corresponding decrease in learning performance. For high perceived difficulty, the stressed condition demonstrated a significant increase in response time compared to the control condition. In contrast, when experiencing low perceived difficulty, a significant difference in response time across conditions was not found. Findings emphasise the importance of managing stress in educational contexts to optimise learning outcomes in the evolving landscape of technology-based learning.  

 Is Holistic Processing Associated with Face Scanning Pattern and Performance in Face Recognition? Evidence from Deep Neural Network with Hidden Markov Modeling   
   
 Xing, Wei | ; 
  Zheng, Yueyuan | ; 
  Chan, Antoni B. | ; 
  Hsiao, Janet 
    
 Here we used deep neural network + hidden Markov model (DNN+HMM) to provide a computational account for the relationship among holistic processing (HP), face scanning pattern and face recognition performance. The model accounted for the positive associations between HP and eyes-focused face scanning pattern/face recognition performance observed in the literature regardless of the version of the composite task used to measure HP. Interestingly, we observed a quadratic relationship between HP and face scanning pattern, where models being highly eyes-focused or highly nose-focused had lower HP. By inspecting fixation locations and associated attention window size in the model and XAI methods, we found that the eyes- and nose-focused models both developed local and holistic internal representations during training, and their difference was in the temporal dynamics of how these representations were used. Our findings demonstrated how computational modeling could unravel the mechanisms underlying cognition not readily observable in human data.  

 Multi-view Time-frequency Contrastive Learning for Emotion Recognition   
   
 Wang, Lei | ; 
  Zhu, Jianping | ; 
  Jin, Bo | ; 
  Wei, XiaoPeng 
    
 Electroencephalogram (EEG) signals are physiological indicators of brain activity, offering the advantage of high temporal resolution for capturing subtle emotional changes and providing rich information for emotion recognition. However, extracting effective features from EEG data with a low signal-to-noise ratio poses a significant challenge that hinders progress in this research field. To address this issue, we propose a multi-view time-frequency contrastive learning framework called MV-TFCL to enhance the information representation capability of EEG signals from multiple perspectives. Firstly, we introduce a recursive neural network based on multi-scale time-frequency consistency, which integrates global semantic information across different scales through gated units. To our knowledge, this is the first proposal of the theory of multi-scale time-frequency consistency applied in emotion recognition research. Subsequently, we design a tree-structured time-frequency encoder to capture local semantic information within the time-frequency domain. Finally, we incorporate semantic consistency constraints from both global and local perspectives to learn more generalizable and robust features. Extensive experimental results on two publicly available datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our proposed method.  

 Labeling Behaviors are Associated with the Identification of Emotion Events   
   
 Li, Zhimeng | ; 
  Gendron, Maria T 
    
 The framework of event perception suggests that people segment continuous perceptual input into discrete events by forming mental representations of ongoing activity. Prior work extending the segmentation framework to emotion perception shows that a richer emotion vocabulary is associated with segmentation of emotion events in greater agreement with the cultural ingroup. However, little is known about how labeling behaviors themselves shape the segmentation of emotion events. Here, we look at the effect of labeling on emotion segmentation. Participants were randomly assigned to simply segment videos into discrete emotion events or to segment only when an emotion label is available and to label the segmented event. We found that compared to the group that segmented without providing labels, the group that segmented with explicit labeling behaviors were less sensitive at discriminating emotion events from non-emotion events and more conservative to identify an emotion event. The results are discussed with respect to competing theoretical accounts of the impact of labeling on emotion perception and suggest that the conceptual broadening account (where labels invoke idiographic emotion representations) may best account for the findings.  

 When and why does shared reality generalize?   
   
 Mahaphanit, Wasita | ; 
  Welker, Christopher | ; 
  Schmidt, Helen | ; 
  Chang, Luke | ; 
  Hawkins, Robert 
    
 Inspired by inductive reasoning models, we test whether generalized shared reality (i.e., the sense of being on the same page) arises through probabilistic inference about latent commonalities. Using a naturalistic text-based chat paradigm, we manipulated whether conversation partners discussed a belief they shared, a belief on which their opinions differed, or a random prompt. Participants discussing shared opinions reported experiencing greater shared reality compared to those discussing differences or random topics. Moreover, participants who made broader inferences about additional beliefs they might share with their partners also reported greater shared reality. While discussing shared opinions can induce an overall greater sense of shared reality, participants discussing differences leveraged their conversation to establish shared realities about other topics. We demonstrate that shared reality can emerge in multiple ways during initial interactions, establishing a foundation for future mechanistic investigations within an inductive inference framework.  

 Understanding rule enforcement using drift diffusion models   
   
 Engelmann, Neele | ; 
  Hannikainen, Ivar R | ; 
  Gonzàlez-García, Carlos | ; 
  Ruz, Maria 
    
 Since their inception, drift diffusion models have been applied across a wide range of disciplines within psychology to uncover the mental processes that underlie perception, attention, and cognitive control. Our studies contribute to ongoing efforts to extend these models to abstract, social reasoning processes like moral or legal judgment. We presented participants with a set of social rules, while manipulating whether various behaviors violated the rule's letter and/or its purpose‚Äì‚Äì‚Äìtwo independent standards by which to decide what constitutes a transgression. In this framework, cases that violate or comply with both a rule's text and its purpose can be seen as congruent or ‚Äòeasy' cases, and cases that elicit opposing verdicts as incongruent or ‚Äòhard' cases‚Äì‚Äì‚Äìin a manner analogous to widely-studied conflict tasks in cognitive psychology. We recorded 34,573 decisions made by 364 participants under soft time pressure, and investigated whether hierarchical drift diffusion modeling could explain various behavioral patterns in our data. This approach yielded three key insights: (1) judgments of conviction were faster than judgments of acquittal owing to an overall bias (z parameter) toward conviction; (2) incongruent cases produced longer reaction times than congruent cases (an interference effect), due to differences in the rate of evidence accumulation (v parameter) across case-types; and (3) increases in the ratio of congruent-to-incongruent cases amplified the interference effect on reaction times, by fostering greater response caution‚Äîrevealed by a larger threshold (or a parameter). Thus, our studies document dissociable effects of the drift diffusion components on rule-based decision-making, and illustrate how the cognitive processes that subserve abstract and social decision-making tasks, such as the enforcement of communal and legal rules, may be illuminated through the drift diffusion framework.  

 A Federated Graph Learning Framework for Brain Connectome   
   
 chen, chaomeng | ; 
  su, sen 
    
 Neuroimaging, especially through Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI), plays a pivotal role in understanding brain activity by leveraging blood-oxygen level dependent (BOLD) signals to estimate neural activities across the brain. The interpretation of these signals through functional connectivity (FC) matrices facilitates the application of Graph Neural Networks (GNN) for analyzing brain network structures, offering insights into both normal and abnormal brain functions. Despite the potential of centralized learning methods in this domain, challenges related to data privacy and the feasibility of sharing sensitive medical datasets across institutions limit their application. This study introduces the Federated Graph Learning Framework for Brain Connectome (FGLBC), addressing these concerns. This novel approach enables the collaborative training of GNN models across multiple entities, such as hospitals, without compromising data privacy. The FGLBC framework implements a privacy-preserving local GNN training (PPGT) algorithm that incorporates Differential Privacy (DP) to safeguard sensitive information during model training. Furthermore, we introduce a unique similarity-weighted aggregation (SWA) algorithm that enhances the aggregation process, thereby boosting the global model's utility and performance. Our comprehensive evaluation across benchmark datasets demonstrates that the FGLBC not only preserves user privacy but also achieves or surpasses the performance of existing methods.  

 Cognitive diversity in context: US-China differences in children's reasoning, visual attention, and social cognition   
   
 Carstensen, Alexandra | ; 
  Cao, Anjie | ; 
  Tan, Alvin Wei Ming | ; 
  Liu, Di | ; 
  Liu, Yichun | ; 
  Bui, Minh Khong | ; 
  Wang-Zhao, Jiayi | ; 
  Diep, Ai Nghi | ; 
  Han, Qi | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. | ; 
  Walker, Caren M. 
    
 Outward differences between cultures are very salient, with Western and East Asian cultures as a prominent comparison pair. A large literature describes cross-cultural variation in cognition, but relatively less research has explored the developmental origins of this variation. This study helps to fill the empirical gap by replicating four prominent findings documenting cross-cultural differences in children's reasoning, visual attention, and social cognition in a cross-sectional sample of 240 3-12-year-olds from the US and China. We observe cross-cultural differences in three of the four tasks and describe the distinct developmental trajectory that each task follows throughout early and middle childhood.  

 The Cognitive Dynamics of Advertising   
   
 Soucar, Jad | ; 
  Steen, Francis 
    
 Cognitive processes underlie economic relations. In this paper, we develop a conceptual, mathematical, and computational framework for modeling market exchange as a series of dynamically interacting cognitive processes. Specifically, we show how advertisers can build trust and gain confidence in their pricing power to the point that they erode trust and undermine the efficacy of their advertising. Customers conversely orient towards advertisers seeking information or turn away from them as unreliable communicators. These behaviors and the patterns they generate occur inside a state space of unallocated perceived value. They constitute a small subset of the full range of possible strategic and adaptive responses that define cognitive microeconomics.  

 Comparing Abstraction in Humans and Machines Using Multimodal Serial Reproduction   
   
 Kumar, Sreejan | ; 
  Marjieh, Raja | ; 
  Zhang, Byron | ; 
  Campbell, Declan | ; 
  HU, MICHAEL Y | ; 
  Bhatt, Umang | ; 
  Lake, Brenden | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Humans extract useful abstractions of the world from noisy sensory data. Serial reproduction allows us to study how people construe the world through a paradigm similar to the game of telephone, where one person observes a stimulus and reproduces it for the next to form a chain of reproductions. Past serial reproduction experiments typically employ a single sensory modality, but humans often communicate abstractions of the world to each other through language. To investigate the effect language on the formation of abstractions, we implement a novel multimodal serial reproduction framework by asking people who receive a visual stimulus to reproduce it in a linguistic format, and vice versa. We ran unimodal and multimodal chains with both humans and GPT-4 and find that adding language as a modality has a larger effect on human reproductions than GPT-4's. This suggests human visual and linguistic representations are more dissociable than those of GPT-4.  

 The Visualizer's Fallacy: Why Aphantasia Skepticism Underestimates the Dynamics of Cognition   
   
 Scholz, Christian Oliver 
    
 Aphantasia, namely the inability to voluntarily form visual mental imagery, does not, counterintuitively, impair the affected from successfully performing mental imagery tasks. One way of explaining this finding is to posit that aphantasics, despite their claim to the contrary, can form visual imagery, a position here referred to as aphantasia skepticism. This article outlines and rejects two types of aphantasia skepticism and argues that the position results from what is coined the visualizer's fallacy, namely the false belief that visual mental imagery is necessary to carry out mental imagery tasks. Furthermore, it is argued that the visualizer's fallacy and the resulting aphantasia skepticism are not only potentially harmful to aphantasics but may also lead to an impoverished view of the dynamics of cognition in general.  

 Selective maintenance of negative memories as a mechanism of spontaneous recovery of fear after extinction   
   
 Berwian, Isabel | ; 
  Pisupati, Sashank | ; 
  Chiu, Jamie Chin | ; 
  Ren, Yongjing | ; 
  Niv, Yael 
    
 Spontaneous recovery of fear after extinction is a well-established behavioral phenomenon. Different theories in psychology account for spontaneous recovery by proposing that it may result from temporal weighting, reduced processing of stimuli over time, enhanced salience of adverse events or return of the acquisition context. We propose a novel mechanism of spontaneous recovery: selective maintenance of adverse events, and ground this mechanism in a computational model of latent cause inference. To investigate the proposed mechanism, we collected behavioral data with an aversive conditioning and extinction task (N=280) and fit the data with computational models formalizing our and others' theories. Quantitative and qualitative model comparisons indicated that selective maintenance of adverse events accounts for spontaneous recovery better than alternative theories. As spontaneous recovery of fear after extinction can serve as a model of relapse after exposure therapy, we use this mechanistic understanding of spontaneous recovery to propose and simulate the effect of add-on interventions to prevent relapse after exposure therapy.  

 Find it like a dog: Using Gesture to Improve Object Search   
   
 Pelgrim, Madeline Helmer | ; 
  He, Ivy Xiao | ; 
  Lee, Kyle | ; 
  Pabari, Falak | ; 
  Tellex, Stefanie | ; 
  Nguyen, Thao | ; 
  Buchsbaum, Daphna 
    
 Pointing is an intuitive and commonplace communication modality. In human-robot collaborative tasks, human pointing has been modeled using a variety of approaches, such as the forearm vector or the vector from eye to hand. However, models of the human pointing vector have not been uniformly or comprehensively evaluated. We performed a user study to compare five different representations of the pointing vector and their accuracies in identifying the human's intended target in an object selection task. We also compare the vectors' performances to that of domestic dogs to assess a non-human baseline known to be successful at following human points. Additionally, we developed an observation model to transform the vector into a probability map for object search. We implemented our system on our robot, enabling it to locate and fetch the user's desired objects efficiently and accurately.  

 What If Pascale Had Gone to Another School: The Effect of Counterfactual Alternatives on 5-6-year-olds' Moral and Happiness Judgments   
   
 Genç, Zeynep | ; 
  Nyhout, Angela 
    
 Counterfactual reasoning is at the centre of human daily life and plays a key role in shaping our moral and social judgments. Its effect on moral judgment in adulthood, such as justifying immoral behavior (e.g., ‚ÄúIf you had not left your phone on the table, it would not have been stolen.‚Äù), has been studied for years. However, we still know very little about when counterfactual reasoning starts to affect humans' moral judgments. To test this, we examined the effect of better and worse counterfactual alternatives on 5-6-year-olds' (N = 91) moral and happiness judgments. We found that children judged social exclusion (e.g., a new kid has to play alone while other children play together) as less morally acceptable after imagining how it could have been better (e.g., the new kid and other children at the school could have played all together), but, contrary to past work with adults, they did not justify it after imagining how it could have been even worse (e.g., the other children could have broken the new kid's toy). However, children's happiness judgments showed the opposite effect: they reported feeling happier about reality after imagining a worse counterfactual alternative compared to children who only thought about what actually happened. Keywords: counterfactuals; moral judgment; children; happiness judgment  

 Event Segmentation in Language and Cognition   
   
 Tınaz, Bilge | ; 
  Ünal, Ercenur 
    
 We examine the relation between event segmentation in language and cognition in the domain of motion events, focusing on Turkish, a verb-framed language that segments motion paths in separate linguistic units (verb clauses). We compare motion events that have a path change to those that did not have a path change. In the linguistic task, participants were more likely to use multiple verb phrases when describing events that had a path change compared to those that did not have a path change. In the non-linguistic Dwell Time task, participants viewed self-paced slideshows of still images sampled from the motion event videos in the linguistic task. Dwell times for slides corresponding to path changes were not significantly longer than those for temporally similar slides in the events without a path change. These findings suggest that event units in language may not have strong and stable influences on event segmentation in cognition.  

 Infants Point to Satisfy the Epistemic Needs of Their Communicative Partner   
   
 Tauzin, Tibor | ; 
  Call, Josep | ; 
  Gergely, Gyorgy 
    
 Pragmatic theories assume that during communicative exchanges humans strive to be optimally informative and spontaneously adjust their communicative signals to satisfy their addressee's epistemic needs. To investigate this ability in infants, we designed a task in which 18-month-olds had to point at the target object they wanted to receive. In Experiment 1, we found that when the target was placed behind a distractor object, infants appropriately modified their pointing to avoid mistakenly indicating the distractor to their partner. When the objects were covered, and their communicative partner had no information (Experiment 2) or incorrect information (Experiment 3) about the target's location ‚Äì as opposed to being knowledgeable about it ‚Äì infants pointed at the target more often and employed modified pointing more frequently when it was necessary. This demonstrates that 18-month-olds can take into account their communicative partner's epistemic states and provide her with relevant information through optimally informative deictic gestures.  

 A formal model of intuitive theories of vision in congenitally blind and sighted adults   
   
 Wang, Ziwen | ; 
  Musz, Elizabeth | ; 
  Keil, Sophia | ; 
  Wilson, Colin | ; 
  Bedny, Marina 
    
 Comparison of visibility inferences across congenitally blind and sighted people provides insight into the contribution of first-person sensory experience to intuitive theories. We hypothesized that both groups understand others' visual experiences via an intuitive theory incorporating variables known to influence visual psychophysics (distance, looking duration, and feature size). Adults born blind (n=20) and sighted (n=40) listened to short scenarios that described an observer looking at another person from different distances and for varying durations. Participants rated how likely the observer would perceive appearance features of the person that varied in size (e.g., eye color vs. hat). A probabilistic formalization of intuitive visibility fit the ratings with high accuracy across scenarios and features. Model parameters were qualitatively identical across groups but blind adults weighted distance and size less. A quantitative and generative intuitive theory of vision develops without first-person sensory access, possibly through linguistic communication, and is fine-tuned by visual experience.  

 The Effects of Musical Factors on the Perception of Auditory Illusions   
   
 Choi, Ahyeon | ; 
  Bang, Younyoung | ; 
  Park, Jeong Mi | ; 
  Lee, Kyogu 
    
 This study delves into how various musical factors influence the experience of auditory illusions, building on Diana Deutsch's scale illusion experiments and subsequent studies. Exploring the interaction between scale mode and timbre, this study assesses their influence on auditory misperceptions, while also considering the impact of an individual's musical training and ability to discern absolute pitch. Participants were divided into non-musicians, musicians with absolute pitch, and musicians with relative pitch, and were exposed to stimuli modified across three scale modes (tonal, dissonant, atonal) and two timbres (same, different). The findings suggest that scale illusions occur less frequently with different timbres and vary with scale mode. Crucially, the absolute pitch ability appears to have a more significant impact on the perception of illusions than the duration of musical training. This research contributes to understanding the complex interplay between various factors in auditory perception and the mechanisms behind the experience of auditory illusions.  

 Emergence of certainty representations for guiding concept learning   
   
 Yang, Huiwen Alex | ; 
  Marti, Louis | ; 
  Baer, Carolyn | ; 
  Granera, Aaraam | ; 
  Palmeri, Holly | ; 
  Kidd, Celeste 
    
 Previous research has shown that our subjective sense of certainty doesn't always accurately reflect the strength of the evidence that has been presented to us. We investigate several key factors that drive children's certainty using a Boolean concept learning task. We created an idealized learning model to predict children's accuracy and certainty during the experiment, given past evidence that they have seen in the task, and we compared its predictions with our behavioral results. Our results suggest that while predictors from the idealized learning model capture children's accuracy, behavioral predictors generated by the behavioral data can better predict children's certainty. We also show that younger children's certainty can be explained by the idealized learning model, while older children's certainty is primarily predicted by how well they observed themselves doing in the experiment.  

 CORE: Mitigating Catastrophic Forgetting in Continual Learning through Cognitive Replay   
   
 Zhang, Jianshu | ; 
  Fu, Yankai | ; 
  Peng, Ziheng | ; 
  Yao, Dongyu | ; 
  He, Kun 
    
 This paper introduces a novel perspective to significantly mitigate catastrophic forgetting in continuous learning (CL), which emphasizes models' capacity to preserve existing knowledge and assimilate new information. Current replay-based methods treat every task and data sample equally and thus can not fully exploit the potential of the replay buffer. In response, we propose COgnitive REplay (CORE), which draws inspiration from human cognitive review processes. CORE includes two key strategies: Adaptive Quantity Allocation and Quality-Focused Data Selection. The former adaptively modulates the replay buffer allocation for each task based on its forgetting rate, while the latter guarantees the inclusion of representative data that best encapsulates the characteristics of each task within the buffer. Our approach achieves an average accuracy of 37.95\% on split-CIFAR10, surpassing the best baseline method by 6.52\%. Additionally, it significantly enhances the accuracy of the poorest-performing task by 6.30\% compared to the top baseline. Code is available at https://github.com/sterzhang/CORE.  

 Can Children Learn Functional Relations Through Active Information Sampling?   
   
 Zhou, Caiqin | ; 
  Gelpi, Rebekah | ; 
  Lucas, Chris | ; 
  Buchsbaum, Daphna 
    
 Functional relations are prevalent in everyday life and science. Do children have intuitive knowledge of functional relations, and can they learn these relations by active information gathering (i.e., choosing a few input values and observing the corresponding outputs)? We found that 6- to 9-year-olds can learn different families of functions (linear, Gaussian, and exponential) through both informative data provided by an experimenter and data they gather from the environment for themselves. Overall, children learn linear functions more accurately than non-linear functions. When choosing data points to learn about, some children select highly similar points that only shed light on a narrow region of a function, while others choose more variable inputs and gain a more holistic view of a function. Children who use this latter, globally informative strategy have higher learning accuracy, particularly for non-linear functions. Results suggest that children are in the process of developing effective strategies for active function learning.  

 Do attentional focus and partner gaze impact interpersonal coordination?   
   
 Macpherson, Margaret Catherine | ; 
  Brown, Amber Jade | ; 
  Miles, Lynden K. 
    
 As a foundation for social interaction, interpersonal coordination is facilitated by positive social qualities (e.g., cooperation), but undermined in negative contexts (e.g., conflict). Exactly how social factors shape coordination is less clear. Previous literature notes that the way people attend to others impacts how interactions unfold. It is possible therefore, that patterns of social attention also govern coordination. We examined this proposition by using virtual reality to investigate how attentional focus (self vs. other) and partner gaze (direct vs. averted) influence the spontaneous emergence of coordination. The results indicated that: (i) coordination was enhanced in the other (cf. self) focus condition; (ii) coordination was diminished in the averted (cf. direct) gaze condition. These findings suggest that changes in social attention impact interpersonal coordination. More broadly, this work provides further evidence that the emergence of interpersonal coordination fluctuates as a function of social context.  

 Modeling the Contributions of Capacity and Control to Working Memory Development   
   
 Russek, Evan | ; 
  Turner, Cameron Rouse | ; 
  McEwen, Emma | ; 
  Miscov, Andreea Miruna | ; 
  Seed, Amanda | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Adults are known to have superior working memory to children, but whether this improvement is driven primarily by differences in storage capacity or attentional control is debated. In particular, the understanding of how capacity and control influence the development of working memory is hampered by the fact that most theorizing about the effect of variation in either on behavior has been verbal. To address this, we extended a computational model of working memory to clearly separate the contributions of capacity and control, fitting the model to a recent developmental study. We find that the combined influence of capacity and control on working memory may be more complicated than previously appreciated. In particular, the general pattern of qualitative differences between children and adults could be produced by increasing either capacity or control alone. These results point to a need for additional experimental paradigms to clearly parse the differential impact of working memory components.  

 Balancing on the Edge: Review and Computational Framework on the Dynamics of Fear of Falling and Fear of Heights in Postural Control   
   
 Spartakov, Ruslan | ; 
  Kshirsagar, Alap | ; 
  Mühl, Dominik | ; 
  Schween, Raphael | ; 
  Endres, Dominik M | ; 
  Bremmer, Frank | ; 
  Melzig, Christiane A. | ; 
  Peters, Jan 
    
 This review explores the complex relationship between Fear of Falling (FoF) and Fear of Heights (FoH), and their impact on human postural control. FoF encompasses a spectrum of psychological and physiological responses that dynamically influence postural control, while FoH involves perceptual distortions and heightened physiological arousal in response to elevated environments. Through a comprehensive literature review we examine the research methods and findings of studies on FoF and FoH. We further propose that Optimal Feedback Control (OFC) theory is a suitable framework to understand the computational aspects of how these fears modify postural control. We aim to provide a nuanced understanding of FoF and FoH, not only as psychological phenomena but as complex, dynamic interactions of cognitive, physiological, and motor processes influencing an individual's interaction with their environment.  

 Procedural Dilemma Generation for Moral Reasoning in Humans and Language Models   
   
 Fränken, Jan-Philipp | ; 
  Gandhi, Kanishk | ; 
  Qiu, Tori | ; 
  Khawaja, Ayesha | ; 
  Goodman, Noah | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
    
 As AI systems like language models are increasingly integrated into decision-making processes affecting people's lives, it's critical to ensure that these systems have sound moral reasoning. To test whether they do, we need to develop systematic evaluations. We provide a framework that uses a language model to translate causal graphs that capture key aspects of moral dilemmas into prompt templates. With this framework, we procedurally generated a large and diverse set of moral dilemmas---the OffTheRails benchmark---consisting of 50 scenarios and 400 unique test items. We collected moral permissibility and intention judgments from human participants for a subset of our items and compared these judgments to those from two language models (GPT-4 and Claude-2) across eight conditions. We find that moral dilemmas in which the harm is a necessary means (as compared to a side effect) resulted in lower permissibility and higher intention ratings for both participants and language models. The same pattern was observed for evitable versus inevitable harmful outcomes. However, there was no clear effect of whether the harm resulted from an agent's action versus from having omitted to act. We discuss limitations of our prompt generation pipeline and opportunities for improving scenarios to increase the strength of experimental effects.  

 A longitudinal analysis of children's communicative acts   
   
 Bergey, Claire Augusta | ; 
  O'Keeffe, Misha E | ; 
  Hawkins, Robert 
    
 Children rapidly learn to use language to effect a variety of communicative acts, such as proposing actions, asking questions, and making promises. While prior work has characterized this development in cross-sectional corpora, these analyses have been unable to comprehensively track individual differences in children's acquisition of communicative acts. We analyzed a longitudinal corpus of parent-child interactions from ages 14 to 58 months. We find that children's repertoires of communicative acts diversify over this period, with stable individual differences in the diversity of children's communicative act repertoires. Further, the diversities of parents' and children's communicative act repertoires are correlated. Children with more diverse communicative act repertoires also have larger vocabularies and use more diverse syntactic frames, suggesting links between discourse development and lexical and syntactic knowledge. Taken together, this work provides new insight into individual trajectories of communicative development and connections between communicative act use and other levels of language structure.  

 Multidimensional spatial memory: One action, two reference frames   
   
 Pitt, Benjamin 
    
 Spatial cognition is fundamental to human behavior, but people differ in how they remember spatial relations, variably using body-based (egocentric) and environment-based (allocentric) spatial reference frames. Despite decades of study, the causes of this variation and flexibility in spatial memory remain unclear. Here we show that people spontaneously use different reference frames on different spatial axes at the same time. When remembering the placement of a target object in a 2-dimensional array, Indigenous Tsimane' adults preferentially used allocentric space to determine lateral placement and egocentric space to determine sagittal placement in the same action. This effect of axis was also significant among US university students, whose overall preference for egocentric space was stronger on the sagittal than lateral axis. These findings support a novel account of spatial cognitive diversity and suggest that people across cultures habitually integrate egocentric and allocentric spatial reference frames into the same action.  

 Foreground Enhanced Network for Weakly Supervised Temporal Language Grounding   
   
 Wu, Hongzhou | ; 
  Zhao, Xuechen | ; 
  Lyu, Yifan | ; 
  Zhang, Xiang 
    
 Temporal language grounding (TLG) aims to localize query-related events in videos, which explores how to cognize relationships of video content with language descriptions. According to selective visual attention mechanism in cognitive science, people's cognition and understanding of what happens often rely on dynamic foreground information in the video. Nonetheless, background usually predominates the scenes so that query-related visual features and irrelevant ones are confused. Thus, we propose a Foreground Enhanced Network (FEN) to diminish the background effect from two aspects. FEN at first in spatial dimension explicitly models the evolving foreground in video features by removing relatively unchanged background content. Besides, we propose a progressive contrastive sample generation module to gradually learn the differences between the predicted proposal and its elongated proposals that include the former as a portion, thereby distinguishing similar neighborhood frames. Experiments on two common-used datasets show the efficacy of our model.  

 A Rational Model of Innovation by Recombination   
   
 Zhao, Bonan | ; 
  Vélez, Natalia | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Human learning does not stop at solving a single problem. Instead, we seek new challenges, define new goals, and come up with new ideas. What drives people to disrupt the existing conceptual landscape and create new things? Here, we examine the decision to create new things under different levels of expected returns. We formalize innovation as stochastically recombining existing ideas, where successful and more complex combinations generate higher returns. This formalization allows us to cast innovation-seeking as a Markov decision process, and derive optimal policies under different settings. Data collected through an online behavioral experiment confirm our prediction that people should invest more time and effort in seeking innovations when they know the chances of success are high and the potential new ideas would be rewarding. However, people also deviate from being optimal, both innovating more and less than they should in different settings.  

 Dissociating Syntactic Operations via Composition Count   
   
 Kajikawa, Kohei | ; 
  Yoshida, Ryo | ; 
  Oseki, Yohei 
    
 Computational psycholinguistics has traditionally employed a complexity metric called Node Count, which counts the number of syntactic nodes representing syntactic structures and predicts processing costs in human sentence processing. However, Node Count does not dissociate distinct syntactic operations deriving those syntactic structures, so that how much processing cost each syntactic operation induces remains to be investigated. In this paper, we introduce a novel complexity metric dubbed Composition Count, which counts the number of syntactic operations deriving syntactic structures, allowing us to understand the computational system of human sentence processing from the derivational, not representational, perspective. Specifically, employing Combinatory Categorial Grammar (CCG) which is equipped with multiple syntactic operations and thus suitable for the purpose here, we investigate (i) how much distinct syntactic operations of CCG contribute to predicting human reading times, and (ii) whether the same holds across languages. The results demonstrate that distinct syntactic operations of CCG have independent and cross-linguistic contributions to predicting human reading times, while Node Count turns out not to be robust cross-linguistically. In conclusion, these results strongly suggest the importance of Composition Count to dissociate distinct syntactic operations, not whole syntactic representations, and understand the computational system of human sentence processing.  

 The Delusional Hedge Algorithm as a Model of Human Learning from Diverse Opinions   
   
 Chuang, Yun-Shiuan | ; 
  Zhu, Jerry | ; 
  Rogers, Timothy 
    
 Whereas cognitive models of learning often assume direct experience with both the features of an event and with a true label or outcome, much of everyday learning arises from hearing the opinions of others, without direct access to either the experience or the ground truth outcome. We consider how people can learn which opinions to trust in such scenarios by extending the hedge algorithm: a classic solution for learning from diverse information sources. We first introduce a semi-supervised variant we call the delusional hedge capable of learning from both supervised and unsupervised experiences. In two experiments, we examine the alignment between human judgments and predictions from the standard hedge, the delusional hedge, and a heuristic baseline model. Results indicate that humans effectively incorporate both labeled and unlabeled information in a manner consistent with the delusional hedge algorithm---suggesting that human learners not only gauge the accuracy of information sources but also their consistency with other reliable sources. The findings advance our understanding of human learning from diverse opinions, with implications for the development of algorithms that better capture how people learn to weigh conflicting information sources.  

 Listeners Optimally Integrate Acoustic and Semantic Cues Across Time During Spoken Word Recognition   
   
 Bushong, Wednesday | ; 
  LaMarche, Daniel | ; 
  Espinal, Elayna A | ; 
  Longo, Zachary J. 
    
 Understanding spoken words requires listeners to integrate large amounts of linguistic information over time. There has been considerable debate about how semantic context preceding or following a target word affects its recognition, with preceding semantic context often viewed as a constraint on possible future words, and following semantic context as a mechanism for disambiguating previous ambiguous input. Surprisingly, no studies have directly compared whether the timing of semantic context influences spoken word recognition. The current study manipulates the acoustic-perceptual features of a target word, a semantic cue elsewhere in the sentence biasing toward one interpretation, and the location of the semantic context. We find that the two cues are additively integrated in participants' word identification responses, and that semantic context affects categorization the same regardless of where it appears relative to the target word. This suggests that listeners can optimally integrate acoustic-perceptual and semantic information across time.  

 A Look "Inside" Children's Real-time Processing of Spatial Prepositions   
   
 Ovans, Zoe | ; 
  Yun, Heesu | ; 
  Yi, Sarah | ; 
  Landau, Barbara | ; 
  Trueswell, John 
    
 A wealth of evidence indicates that children use their developing linguistic knowledge to incrementally interpret speech and predict upcoming reference to objects. For verbs, determiners, case-markers, and adjectives, hearing linguistic information that sufficiently constrains referent choice leads to anticipatory eye-movements. There is, however, limited evidence about whether children also use spatial prepositions predictively. This is surprising and theoretically important: spatial prepositions provide abstract semantic information that must interface with spatial properties of, and relations between, objects in the world. Making this connection may develop late because of the complex mapping required. In a visual-world eye-tracking task, we find that adults and 4-year-olds hearing 'inside' (but not 'near') look predictively to objects that afford the property of containment. We conclude that children make predictions about the geometric properties of objects from spatial terms that specify these properties, suggesting real-time use of language to guide analysis of objects in the visual world.  

 How to Change a Mind: Adults and Children Use the Causal Structure of Theory of Mind to Intervene on Others' Behaviors   
   
 Wu, Shengyi | ; 
  Schulz, Laura | ; 
  Saxe, Rebecca 
    
 Prior studies of Theory of Mind have primarily asked observers to predict others' actions given their beliefs and desires, or to infer agents' beliefs and desires given observed actions. However, if Theory of Mind is genuinely a causal theory, people should also be able to plan interventions on others' mental states to change their behavior. The intuitive causal model of Theory of Mind predicts an asymmetry: one has to instill both the relevant belief and desire to cause an agent to act; however, to prevent a likely action, it suffices to remove either the relevant belief or desire. Here, we use these asymmetric causal interventions to probe the structure of Theory of Mind. In Experiments 1 and 2, both adults (N=80) and older children (N=42, 8-10 years) distinguished generative and preventative cases: selecting interventions on both mental states (both belief and desire) to induce an agent to act and just one of the mental states (either belief or desire) to prevent an action. However, younger children (N =42, 5-7 years) did not. To probe this age difference, in Experiment 3, we asked younger children(N=42, 5-7 years) just to predict the outcome of others' mental state interventions. Children predicted that interventions were more likely to prevent actions than to cause them, but failed to predict that intervening on both the relevant beliefs and desires is more likely to generate a novel action than intervening on either alone. These findings suggest that by eight to ten years old, people represent the causal structure of Theory of Mind and can selectively intervene on beliefs and desires to induce and prevent others' actions.  

 Model-Based Characterization of Forgetting in Children and Across The Lifespan   
   
 Capik, Anais | ; 
  hake, holly | ; 
  Sener, Bahar | ; 
  Starr, Ariel | ; 
  Stocco, Andrea 
    
 To fully understand human memory, it is necessary to understand its lifespan development. However, memory assessments often rely on significantly different methodologies for different age groups, and their results are typically not directly comparable. In this paper, we present a quantitative assessment of memory function spanning an age range of five to 85 years that is based on a model-based memory assessment. This approach yields a uniform metric that is directly interpretable and can be compared across different tasks and materials that are appropriate for different age groups. The results show a robust U-shape function, with long-term memory function at age 5 being comparable to that of cognitively impaired elderly individuals. These results and the method utilized could provide a new foundation for future studies on memory development across life stages.  

 Multimodal Description of Instrument Events in Turkish and English   
   
 Moser, Christiana | ; 
  Tarakçı, Bahar | ; 
  Ünal, Ercenur | ; 
  Grigoroglou, Myrto 
    
 Daily experiences are conceptualized as events involving multiple participants and their relations (i.e., thematic roles). When describing events, speakers often do not include all event participants involved. Here, we explore how underlying conceptual requirements and language-specific encoding options influence the content of event descriptions in speech and gesture in two typologically different languages (English, Turkish). Focusing on conceptually peripheral instruments whose status is highly debated, we manipulated the conceptual status of event participants by including events that ‚Äòrequire' or ‚Äòallow' otherwise syntactically optional instruments. Results showed that the require-allow distinction did not manifest uniformly in Turkish and English in speech, gesture, or when both modalities were considered. However, mention of highly optional event participants (e.g., allowed instruments) was affected by language-specific syntactic encoding options. We conclude that, under more naturalistic elicitation conditions, planning descriptions of instrument events is more heavily affected by language-specific encoding than conceptual prominence of the roles.  

 Temporal Persistence Explains Mice Exploration in a Labyrinth   
   
 Singla, Umesh K | ; 
  Mattar, Marcelo G 
    
 Exploration in sequential decision problems is a computationally challenging problem. Yet, animals exhibit effective exploration strategies, discovering shortcuts and efficient routes toward rewarding sites. Characterizing this efficiency in animal exploration is an important goal in many areas of research, from ecology to psychology and neuroscience to machine learning. In this study, we aim to understand the exploration behavior of animals freely navigating a complex maze with many decision points. We propose an algorithm based on a few simple principles of animal movement from foraging studies in ecology and formalized using reinforcement learning. Our approach not only captures the search efficiency and turning biases of real animals but also uncovers longer spatial and temporal dependencies in the decisions of animals during their exploration of the maze. Through this work, we aspire to unveil a novel approach in cognitive science of drawing interdisciplinary inspiration to advancing the field's understanding of complex decision-making.  

 Even Laypeople Use Legalese   
   
 Martinez, Eric | ; 
  Mollica, Francis | ; 
  Gibson, Edward 
    
 Whereas principles of communicative efficiency and legal doctrine dictate that laws be comprehensible to the common world, empirical evidence suggests legal documents are largely incomprehensible to lawyers and laypeople alike. Here, a corpus analysis (n=59 million words) first replicated and extended prior work revealing laws to contain strikingly higher rates of complex syntactic structures relative to six baseline genres of English. Next, two pre-registered text generation experiments (n=280) tested two leading hypotheses regarding how these complex structures enter into legal documents in the first place. In line with the \textit{magic spell hypothesis}, we found people tasked with writing official laws wrote in a more convoluted manner than when tasked with writing unofficial legal texts of equivalent conceptual complexity. Contrary to the \textit{copy-and-edit hypothesis}, we did not find evidence that people editing a legal document wrote in a more convoluted manner than when writing the same document from scratch. From a cognitive perspective, these results suggest law to be a rare exception to the general tendency in human language towards communicative efficiency. In particular, these findings indicate law's complexity to be derived from its performativity, whereby low-frequency structures may be inserted to signal law's authoritative, world-state-altering nature, at the cost of increased processing demands on readers. From a law and policy perspective, these results suggest that the tension between the ubiquity and impenetrability of the law is not an inherent one, and that laws can be simplified without a loss or distortion of communicative content.  

 Self-supervised learning of video representations from a child's perspective   
   
 Orhan, Emin | ; 
  Wang, Wentao | ; 
  Wang, Alex N | ; 
  Ren, Mengye | ; 
  Lake, Brenden 
    
 Children learn powerful internal models of the world around them from a few years of egocentric visual experience. Can such internal models be learned from a child's visual experience with highly generic learning algorithms or do they require strong inductive biases? Recent advances in collecting large-scale, longitudinal, developmentally realistic video datasets and generic self-supervised learning (SSL) algorithms are allowing us to begin to tackle this nature vs. nurture question. However, existing work typically focuses on image-based SSL algorithms and visual capabilities that can be learned from static images (e.g. object recognition), thus ignoring temporal aspects of the world. To close this gap, here we train self-supervised video models on longitudinal, egocentric headcam recordings collected from a child over a two year period in their early development (6-31 months). The resulting models are highly effective at facilitating the learning of action concepts from a small number of labeled examples; they have favorable data size scaling properties; and they display emergent video interpolation capabilities. Video models also learn more robust object representations than image-based models trained with the exact same data. These results suggest that important temporal aspects of a child's internal model of the world may be learnable from their visual experience using highly generic learning algorithms and without strong inductive biases.  

 "Must" people reason logically with "permission" in daily situations? An explorative experimental investigation in human reasoning of normative concepts.   
   
 Wong, Wai | ; 
  Yang, Meimei | ; 
  Schaeken, Walter | ; 
  Demey, Lorenz | ; 
  Vennekens, Joost 
    
 Philosophers have long been arguing the precise semantics of different deontic terms within normative statements. However, little research has been done on the human reasoning side of understanding such terms. In this paper, we propose a normative scheme with bitstring semantics that is expressive enough to cover the basic normative concepts in most mainstream schemes proposed in deontic logic research. Even though further confirmation is needed, our explorative experiments on human deontic reasoning have shown results that are consistent with our proposed scheme.  

 Attribution of Responsibility Between Agents in a Causal Chain of Events   
   
 Cheung, Vanessa | ; 
  Qiao, Mengxuan Helen | ; 
  Lagnado, David 
    
 In this paper, we explored the attribution of causal responsibility in a causal chain of events, where an agent A instructs an intermediate agent B to execute some harmful action which leads to a bad outcome. In Study 1, participants judged B to be more causally responsible, more blameworthy, and more deserving of punishment than A. In Study 2, we explored the effect of proximity on judgments of the two agents by adding a third, subsequent contributing cause, such that B's action no longer directly caused the final outcome. Participants judged both agents A and B to be less causally responsible and deserving of punishment (but not less blameworthy) when they were less proximal to the outcome, and there were no differences in judgments between the two agents. In Study 3, we varied whether each of the two agents (A and B) intended for the final outcome to occur. We find an interaction between role and intent, where participants only mitigated judgments for A when A did not intend for the outcome to occur ‚Äì regardless of B's intent. We discuss possible explanations for our findings and its implications for moral and legal decision-making.  

 Spatial demonstratives and physical control   
   
 Gervasi, Angelo Mattia | ; 
  Borghi, Anna | ; 
  Mannella, Francesco | ; 
  Tummolini, Luca 
    
 Spatial demonstratives are deictic expressions used to point to a referent with language. In the standard view, they encode a spatial proximal\distal contrast between ‚Äúnear‚Äù (this) and ‚Äúfar‚Äù (that) from the speaker. Several studies have shown that such contrast maps on a perceptual contrast between peripersonal and extrapersonal space. Still, other factors beyond spatial distance influence demonstrative choice. Here we investigate whether the proximal/distal contrast maps also onto a more general contrast between being in physical control/not in control of a target referent. Participants were presented with two circles (red and blue) on a screen. They had to move them with the mouse to find the target circle (the one with two gaps). One circle followed the mouse trajectory (controllable), while the other moved randomly in the center of the screen (not controllable). Unknown to the participants, the gaps only appeared if the stimuli crossed a distance threshold. Importantly, participants had to use stimulus controllability to solve the task. They were instructed to answer by indicating the target to the experimenter using this/that and red/blue (in Italian questo/quello and rosso/blu). Results show that participants used the proximal demonstrative more frequently to refer to the target stimulus when in control. These findings suggest that, similarly to spatial distance, physical control influences demonstrative choice.  

 Brown Bear, Brown Bear, what do you see? Speaker use more redundant color adjectives when speaking to children than adults   
   
 Taliaferro, Maya | ; 
  Schulz, Laura 
    
 Speakers are often over-informative, referring to the color and shape of a referent even when all objects in a scene are unique. Interestingly, this helps listeners locate the target. If speakers are indeed sensitive to listeners' online processing demands, they should be more over-informative when addressing someone whose processing is especially slow. Here we show that English-speaking adults produce more redundant color adjectives when speaking to children than adults (Exp 1); that although Spanish-speakers produce fewer redundant color adjectives than English-speakers overall, they too do so more often for children (Exp 2); that these results are independent of experience with young children (Exp 3), and that children themselves (ages 4-10) are more over-informative when speaking to younger children than adults (Exps 4 and 5). Collectively, these results suggest that sensitivity to listeners' online processing demands is robust, emerges early in development, and may be especially tailored to young learners.  

 Context-dependent and Dynamic Effects of Distributional and Sensorimotor Distance Measures on EEG   
   
 Vinaya, Harshada | ; 
  Trott, Sean | ; 
  Pecher, Diane | ; 
  Zeelenberg, Rene | ; 
  Coulson, Seana 
    
 An important issue in the semantic memory literature concerns the relative importance of experience-based sensorimotor versus language corpus-based distributional information in conceptual representations. Here we examine how each sort of information is associated with the EEG response to words in a property verification task in which participants indicated whether or not a property term (such as ‚Äùred‚Äù) is typically obtained for a concept term (such as ‚ÄùAPPLE‚Äù). To define and measure each type of information, we operationalized distributional and sensorimotor information using cosine distance measurements derived from GloVe Embeddings and Lancaster Sensorimotor Norms respectively. We then modeled single-trial EEG responses to property words in a property verification task using regression models. Our findings indicate that semantic processing in this task simultaneously incorporates distributional and sensorimotor information, and their contribution is shaped by task-relevant linguistic context. We aim for our study to contribute to a critical examination of such information operationalizations and also encourage a systematic evaluation of their performance across tasks, particularly for EEG measurements.  

 Show or Tell? Preschool-aged children adapt their communication to their partner's auditory access   
   
 Chuey, Aaron | ; 
  Qing, Catherine | ; 
  Williams, Rondeline M. | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. | ; 
  Gweon, Hyowon 
    
 Adults routinely tailor their communication to others' auditory access, such as substituting gestures for speech in noisy environments. Yet, assessing the effectiveness of different communicative acts given others' perceptual access‚Äîespecially when it differs from one's own‚Äîrequires mental-state reasoning, which undergoes significant developmental change. Can young children tailor their communication to others' auditory access? In Study 1, parental report (n=98) indicated that most children, by age 4, adjust their communicative behaviors in noisy settings. Study 2 elicited these behaviors experimentally with 4- to 5-year-olds (n=68). Children taught how a novel toy works to a learner who wore headphones playing either loud music or nothing. Children were more likely to use physical demonstrations, and less likely to use verbal explanations, when the learner's auditory access was obstructed. These findings illustrate how mental-state reasoning might support children's ability to communicate successfully across perceptually-compromised contexts and individuals.  

 Long absent, NOT soon forgotten: Prosodic marking of information status in Chinese Sign Language   
   
 Lin, Hao | ; 
  Jiang, Yi | ; 
  Gu, Yan 
    
 In spoken languages, new information is often expressed with a longer duration than given information. We investigated whether signers use duration to mark information status. Fifty deaf Chinese Sign Language (CSL) signers retold a cartoon clip, and we examined how they tracked references. The results showed that CSL signers mostly used nominals, classifiers and constructed actions, but rarely used any pointing or zero anaphora. When focusing on nominals, newly introduced references had a longer duration than the maintained and re-introduced ones, while the durations of maintained and re-introduced nominals did not differ. Additionally, there was a gradient decrease in sign duration over the first three mentions followed by an increase for the fourth and fifth mentions. Furthermore, between two nominal mentions, the more non-nominal referring there were, the shorter the duration of the current nominal mention. Thus, CSL signers vary the duration of nominals to indicate the degree of accessibility.  

 Compositional Generalization in Distributional Models of Semantics: Transformer-based Language Models are Architecturally Advantaged   
   
 Mao, Shufan | ; 
  Huebner, Philip A | ; 
  Willits, Jon 
    
 An important aspect of language comprehension is learning and generalizing complex lexical relations. For instance, having learned that the phrase preserve cucumbers predicts vinegar and that preserve berries predicts dehydrator, one should be able to infer that the novel phrase preserve peppers is more compatible with vinegar, because pepper is more similar to cucumber. We studied the ability to perform such (compositional) generalization in distributional models trained on an artificial corpus with strict semantic regularities. We found that word-encoding models failed to learn the multi-way lexical dependencies. Recurrent neural networks learned those dependencies but struggled to generalize to novel combinations. Only mini GPT-2, a minified version of the Transformer GPT-2, succeeded in both learning and generalization. Because successful generalization in our tasks requires capturing the relationship between a phrase and a word, we argue that mini GPT-2 acquired hierarchical representations that approximate phrase structure. Our results show that, compared to older models, Transformers are architecturally advantaged to perform compositional generalization.  

 Children's Emerging Ability to Balance Internal and External Cognitive Resources   
   
 Dicken, Lily S | ; 
  Suddendorf, Thomas | ; 
  Bulley, Adam | ; 
  Irish, Muireann | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 Humans have increasing opportunities to offload internal cognitive demand, such as by setting reminders to aid future memory performance. Here, we examine how children begin to balance mind and world: weighing up when to offload cognition and when to rely on their unaided capacities. Australian children aged 6 to 9 years (N = 120) were tasked with remembering the locations of 1, 3, 5, and 7 targets hidden under 25 cups. In the critical test phase, children were provided with a limited number of ‚Äòtokens' to distribute across trials, which they could use to mark target locations and assist future performance. Following the final search period, children were invited to evaluate and adjust their initial allocation. Results showed that 8- to 9-year-olds prospectively allocated proportionately more tokens to difficult trials, whereas 6- to 7-year-olds did so only in retrospect. Throughout childhood, humans become increasingly adept at balancing internal and external cognition.  

 Visual perception supports 4-place event representations: A case study of TRADING   
   
 Khlystova, Ekaterina | ; 
  Williams, Alexander | ; 
  Lidz, Jeffrey | ; 
  Perkins, Laurel 
    
 Events of social exchange, such as givings and tradings, are uniquely prevalent in human societies and cognitively privileged even at early stages of development. Such events may be represented as having 3 or even 4 participants. To do so in visual working memory would be at the limit of the system, which throughout development can track only 3 to 4 items. Using a case study of trading, we ask (i) whether adults can track all four participants in a trading scene, and (ii) whether they do so by chunking the scene into two giving events, each with 3 participants, to avoid placing the visual working memory system at its limit. We find that adults represent this scene under a 4-participant concept, and do not view the trade as two sequential giving events. We discuss further implications for event perception and verb learning in development.  

 Sensitivity to Online Consensus Effects Within Individuals and Claim Types   
   
 Alister, Manikya | ; 
  Ransom, Keith James | ; 
  Connor Desai, Saoirse | ; 
  Soh, Ee Von | ; 
  Hayes, Brett | ; 
  Perfors, Andrew 
    
 When reasoning about a claim, it makes sense to be more persuaded if lots of other people agree. But, there are many factors that make weighing the evidence behind a consensus complicated. For example, a consensus might be more or less informative depending on the type of claim, or whether each consensus member formed their opinions independently. These factors might also influence people differently depending on their own assumptions or preferences. In this study we used a mock social media paradigm to assess how persuaded people were by two factors: the presence of consensus (no consensus vs. consensus), and source independence (a consensus based on independent information sources vs. a consensus formed off shared, dependent sources). We varied these factors at both the group and individual level. At the group level, we assessed a third factor: whether people were influenced by the type of claim being reasoned about (we assessed 60 different claims divided into 4 categories). Almost everyone was more persuaded by consensus trials compared to no consensus trials. However, the strength of this effect was credibly stronger if the claim was likely to have a ground truth. We found that around one third of participants were sensitive to source independence. Of these, three quarters were more persuaded by a consensus based on independent sources, but the quarter who were more persuaded by dependent sources were persuaded just as strongly.  

 A working memory model of sentence processing as binding morphemes to syntactic positions   
   
 Keshev, Maayan | ; 
  Cartner, Mandy | ; 
  Meltzer-Asscher, Aya | ; 
  Dillon, Brian 
    
 During sentence processing, comprehenders have to maintain a mapping between lexical items and their position in the sentence (syntactic position). We propose a model of morpheme-position binding in working memory, based on models such as 'serial-order-in-a-box' and its SOB-complex-span version. Like those working memory models, our sentence processing version derives a range of attested memory interference effects from the process of item-position binding. We present simulation results capturing similarity-based interference and item-distortion. These two major classes of interference effects have not received a unified account before, and are not fully captured by cue-based retrieval models.  

 How Should We Represent Bilingual Vocabulary Knowledge?   
   
 Weber, Jennifer | ; 
  Kan, Pui Fong | ; 
  Colunga, Eliana 
    
 Dual language learners (DLLs) constitute a large portion of the population, but relatively little is known about the best ways in which to assess their vocabulary knowledge. Past research has used both conceptual vocabulary knowledge, assessing whether a child knows a word in either language, as well as total vocabulary knowledge, assessing what words a child knows in each language separately. The present work uses neural networks to predict specific word learning for individual Cantonese-English DLLs. As its input, The model utilizes word2vec embeddings that either represent children's' conceptual word knowledge or total word knowledge. We find that using total word knowledge results in higher predictive accuracy, suggesting that knowing what specific words DLLs know in each of their languages provides the most accurate picture of DLLs' vocabulary knowledge. The present work has many implications for both identification of at-risk individuals and the creation of learning materials for DLL populations.  

 Are autonomous vehicles blamed differently?   
   
 Stojiloviƒá, Darko | ; 
  Franklin, Matija | ; 
  Malle, Bertram F. | ; 
  Fernandez-Basso, Carlos | ; 
  Awad, Edmond | ; 
  Lagnado, David 
    
 This study investigates how people assign blame to autonomous vehicles (AVs) when involved in an accident. Our experiment (N = 2647) revealed that people placed more blame on AVs than on human drivers when accident details were unspecified. To examine whether people assess major classes of blame-relevant information differently for AVs and humans, we developed a causal model and introduced a novel concept of prevention effort, which emerged as a crucial factor for blame judgement alongside intentionality. Finally, we addressed the ‚Äúmany hands‚Äù problem by exploring how people assign blame to entities associated with AVs and human drivers, such as the car company or an accident victim. Our findings showed that people assigned high blame to these entities in scenarios involving AVs, but not with human drivers. This necessitates adapting a model of blame for AVs to include other agents and thus allow for blame allocation ‚Äúoutside‚Äù of autonomous vehicles.  

 A Rational Trade-Off Between the Costs and Benefits of Automatic and Controlled Processing   
   
 Mittenbühler, Maximilian | ; 
  Schwöbel, Sarah | ; 
  Dignath, David | ; 
  Kiebel, Stefan | ; 
  Butz, Martin V. 
    
 Humans seem to arbitrate between automatic and controlled processing by optimizing a trade-off between cognitive effort and performance. Previous research has described ways of how these costs and benefits can be quantified and how the trade-off between them can be performed. However, it remains unclear how the costs should be weighed relative to the benefits and how the cost of the arbitration mechanism itself factors in. Here, we derive measures for these separate factors from a single objective: the variational free energy. We demonstrate that by minimizing this objective, the trade-off between automatic and controlled processing as well as meta-control is optimized implicitly. As a proof of concept, we show that the congruency and proportion congruency effects in the Stroop task directly result from this optimization, given an environment with specific statistical regularities.  

 Young children reason about adults' achievement goals for them   
   
 Carrillo, Brandon | ; 
  Asaba, Mika | ; 
  Lozano, Lizbeth | ; 
  Okine, Lauren | ; 
  Leonard, Julia Anne 
    
 Adults often hold different goals for children's achievement: Sometimes adults want children to learn as much as possible, while at other times adults discount children's learning in favor of high performance. How do children reason about the achievement goals adults have for them? Across 3 preregistered studies (n = 120), we asked whether 5- and 6-year-old children understand the causal relationship between adults' achievement goals, their task choices, and children's competence. In Experiment 1, we found adults are more likely to give harder tasks to children when they hold learning versus performance goals and when the child is more competent. In Experiment 2, we found that children make similar inferences about adults' task selections given the adult's achievement goal and the receiving child's competence. Finally, in Experiment 3, children inferred that adults would pick harder tasks for them when they possessed a learning goal versus a performance goal, which matched their own task choice given the same achievement goals. Thus, young children can infer the relationship between adults' child-directed achievement goals and actions and may use this information to learn about what adults prioritize for children across contexts.  

 On the limits of LLM surprisal as functional Explanation of ERPs   
   
 Krieger, Benedict | ; 
  Brouwer, Harm | ; 
  Aurnhammer, Christoph | ; 
  Crocker, Matthew W 
    
 Surprisal values from large language models (LLMs) have been used to model the amplitude of the N400. This ERP component is sensitive not only to contextual word expectancy but also to semantic association, such that unexpected but associated words do not always induce an N400 increase. While LLMs are also sensitive to association, it remains unclear how they behave in these cases. Moreover, another ERP component, the P600, has shown graded sensitivity to plausibility-driven expectancy, while remaining insensitive to association; however, its relationship to LLM surprisal is not well researched yet. In an rERP analysis, we evaluate surprisal values of two unidirectional transformers on their ability to model N400 and P600 effects observed in three German ERP studies isolating the effects of association, plausibility, and expectancy. We find that surprisal predicts an N400 increase for associated but implausible words, even when no such increase was observed in humans. Furthermore, LLM surprisal accounts for P600 effects elicited by violations of selectional restrictions, but captures neither P600 effects from more subtle script knowledge violations nor graded P600 modulations. The results of our investigation call into question the extent to which LLM surprisal offers an accurate characterisation of the functional generators of either the N400 or P600.  

 Detecting Event Construal Shifts in Aspectual Coercion   
   
 Vurgun, Ugurcan | ; 
  Ji, Yue | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna 
    
 Aspectual coercion occurs when there is a semantic mismatch between constituents in terms of their lexical aspect. Despite the long psycholinguistic history of this phenomenon, we currently lack direct measures of how people interpret coerced sentences. We introduce a novel method combining aspectual comprehension with event cognition, allowing us to detect changes in how individuals construe events after reading sentences with varying aspectual information. This study involved two experiments where participants read sentences‚Äîeither telic or atelic, with or without coercion‚Äîfollowed by a video clip related to the sentence. They assessed if the actor completed the task and identified any brief interruptions during the event, located at the midpoint or late points. The focus was on whether coerced sentences altered participants' event construals, impacting their responses. Results uncovered distinct cognitive responses to aspectual coercion and highlighted differences between coercion types. This method advances our understanding of how lexical aspect influences event representation, offering insights into the nuanced effects of aspectual coercion on cognitive processing and event perception.  

 The impact of speakers' multimodal behaviours on adults' learning of semantic information: A corpus-based investigation   
   
 Edwards, Christopher | ; 
  Cabiddu, Francesco | ; 
  Hill-Payne, Harriet | ; 
  D'Estalenx, Quitterie | ; 
  Donnellan, Ed | ; 
  Gu, Yan | ; 
  Vigliocco, Gabriella 
    
 Adults often learn new semantic information in face-to-face communication with other adults (e.g., teachers, colleagues). More knowledgeable individuals provide an ensemble of multimodal behaviours that can shape the information that their interlocutors learn. Using the naturalistic ECOLANG corpus of dyadic conversations, we ask whether multimodal behaviours (pitch, speaking rate, representational gestures, points, object manipulations, and gaze) support adults' semantic learning of unknown objects above and beyond verbal properties of utterances (number of utterances, lexical diversity, mean length of utterances, concreteness) and learners' individual differences (vocabulary, working memory). We found that individual differences, pointing and object manipulations affected learning, with verbal and multimodal factors also interacting to predict adult semantic learning. Our results highlight the relevance of accounts of multimodal learning in adulthood and the importance of considering naturalistic interaction in its complexity to understand the factors that influence adult learning.  

 Unveiling the Synergistic Effects: A Unified Autonomous Synaptic Development Mechanism for Reservoir Computing   
   
 Zuo, Zhihao | ; 
  Gan, Zhongxue 
    
 Reservoir computing (RC) offers distinct advantages in extracting spatiotemporal information with low training costs by separating recurrent neural networks into a fixed network with recurrent connections. The quality of the fixed network, known as the reservoir, plays a pivotal role in the performance of the RC system. Our work aims to provide a unified synaptic development framework for RC, constructing a more biologically plausible reservoir to model and understand the neural networks development within the human brain. In this paper, we propose an Autonomous Synaptic Development Reservoir Computing model (ASD-RC) based on an adaptive network of phase oscillators. The reservoir autonomously adjusts the distribution of connection weights in response to external stimuli, forming a task-specific structure. Through experiments and theoretical analyses, we demonstrate that ASD-RC can emulate various synaptic development rules of biological neural networks in \textit{vivo}, including the Hebbian rule and STDP. Furthermore, experiments reveal that combining different development rules can enhance performance on prediction tasks compared to using a single development rule, showcasing the emergence and effects of synergistic development that improve information processing capacity.  

 Superordinate referring expressions in abstraction: Introducing the concept-level reference game   
   
 Kobrock, Kristina | ; 
  Uhlemann, Charlotte | ; 
  Gotzner, Nicole 
    
 We study referential communication about concepts at different levels of abstraction in an interactive concept-level reference game. To better understand processes of abstraction, we investigate superordinate referring expressions (animal). Previous work identified two main factors that influence speakers' choice of referring expressions for concepts: the immediate context and the basic-level effect, i.e. a preference for basic-level terms such as dog. Here we introduce a new concept-level reference game that allows us to study differences in the basic-level effect between comprehension and production and to elicit superordinate referring expressions experimentally. We find that superordinate referring expressions become relevant for groups of objects. Further, we reproduce the basic-level effect in production but not in comprehension. In conclusion, even though basic-level terms are most readily accessible, speakers tailor their expressions to the context, allowing the listener to identify the target concept.  

 How robust are fMRI and EEG data to alternative specifications in representational similarity analyses?   
   
 Sen Sarma, Satwick | ; 
  Boruah, Gouravmoy | ; 
  Srivastava, Nisheeth 
    
 Computational neuromodeling methods for evaluating representational dynamics involve intricate analysis choices at every stage of the analysis pipeline. Analysis choices for data processing pipelines are generally chosen based upon end to end accuracy metrics and corresponding performance metrics. Psychology research has recently begun to acknowledge the importance of controlling for potential bias introduced by degrees of freedom in data analysis, with specification curve analysis introduced as a principled method for correcting for such biases. In this paper, we conduct a specification curve analysis (SCA) for representational similarity analysis pipelines reported in the literature for fMRI and EEG datasets, respectively. We show that EEG-based RSA analyses are relatively robust to alternative specifications but that fMRI based analyses are not. Using a novel decision-tree analysis to supplement SCA, we present a potentially more robust pipeline for such analyses.  

 Do Cross-Linguistic Differences Influence Event Perception?   
   
 Ji, Yue | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna 
    
 Telicity is an important semantic feature pointing to event construal: telic verb phrases denote bounded events with an inherent endpoint while atelic verb phrases denote unbounded events without such an endpoint. Languages encode telicity in different ways. Unlike English, Mandarin lacks an overt count-mass distinction and allows bare noun objects to form verb phrases. Would this cross-linguistic difference influence event perception? Experiment 1 elicited descriptions of bounded vs. unbounded events from English and Mandarin native speakers. A clear cross-linguistic difference was found: English speakers mostly used telic predicates for bounded events and atelic predicates for unbounded events while Mandarin speakers gave atelic predicates with bare noun objects for both event types. Experiment 2 explored how English and Mandarin speakers tracked the temporal structure of bounded vs. unbounded events. The two language groups performed similarly. The way people describe events may not affect the way they track event temporal profiles.  

 Effects of Discrimination Difficulty on Peak Shift and Generalization   
   
 Lee, Jessica C. | ; 
  Cahyadi, Tamara | ; 
  Lovibond, Peter | ; 
  Schlegelmilch, René 
    
 In this paper, we test the effect of manipulating discrimination difficulty on subsequent generalization of learning and in particular, on the peak shift effect. Participants learned a discrimination where one stimulus led to an outcome (S+) and another stimulus led to no outcome (S-). Difficulty was manipulated by varying the degree of similarity between the S+ and S- across groups (easy/medium/hard). In contrast to similar studies in animals, we found that increasing the difficulty of the discrimination resulted in less peak shift. Using a hierarchical mixture model, we characterize the effects of discrimination difficulty on relational- and similarity based responding, and show for the first time, a similar mixture of responding on stimulus identification gradients. We conclude that peak shift on generalization and identification measures can be explained by mixtures of participants responding in different ways.  

 Get more from less: Differential neural decoding for effective reconstruction of perceived naturalistic stimuli from noisy and scarce neural data   
   
 Dado, Thirza | ; 
  Güçlü, Umut 
    
 Decoding naturalistic stimuli from neural recordings is a significant challenge in systems neuroscience, primarily due to the high-dimensional and nonlinear nature of stimulus-response interactions, and is further exacerbated by the limited availability and noisiness of neural data. While contemporary approaches that incorporate generative models, such as Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), attempt to address these issues by mapping neural responses to latent representations, they do not fully overcome these obstacles. In this work, we present a novel paradigm of differential neural decoding (dicoding) that focuses on the relative changes in response patterns, which not only expands the neural training data quadratically but also inherently denoises it. To determine the corresponding stimulus changes, this method leverages the Euclidean and feature-disentangled properties of the underlying latents through vector arithmetic. As such, we not only effectively exploit the latent space but also achieve semantically meaningful latent offsets in the context of the stimuli, resulting in improved sample efficiency. We trained a decoder to predict changes in latent vectors based on the corresponding changes in neural responses. The absolute latent vector itself was derived by vector addition of the predicted latent change (indicative of stimulus shift) to a reference latent, which was fed to the generator for the reconstruction of the perceived stimulus. Our results show that this geometrically principled approach facilitates more effective reconstruction of naturalistic stimuli from noisy and limited neural data.  

 Preschoolers' Neophobia Influences Category-based Abilities Beyond the Food Domain   
   
 Damien, Foinant | ; 
  Jérémie, Lafraire | ; 
  Thibaut, Jean-Pierre 
    
 Food neophobia ‚Äì the reluctance to eat novel food ‚Äì has been associated with poorer performance in category-based tasks within the food domain among preschoolers. This research aims to unravel this negative relationship and determine if this association is specific to food items or reflects general cognitive rigidity in considering alternative ways to represent entities. In study 1, 123 children between 3 and 6 years were tested on an inductive reasoning task, comparing food and animals. In study 2, 112 children aged 4 to 6 engaged in a cross-categorization task comparing food, animals and artifacts. Results indicated that neophobic children exhibited poorer induction and cross-categorization performance in all domains compared to their neophilic counterparts. These findings highlight the importance of child characteristics in shaping the general development of category-based abilities and suggest that food neophobia, rather than a fear of novelty, reflects instead difficulties in changing perspectives once items have been classified.  

 Predicting ages of acquisition for children's early vocabulary across 27 languages and dialects   
   
 Tan, Alvin Wei Ming | ; 
  Loukatou, Georgia | ; 
  Braginsky, Mika | ; 
  Mankewitz, Jess | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. 
    
 What factors contribute to the growth of children's early vocabulary? One method for exploring this question is investigating predictors (e.g., frequency) that differentiate words learnt earlier from those learnt later. A more comprehensive account requires the examination of multiple language families and multiple levels of linguistic representation (e.g., phonological, morphosyntactic, semantic). Here, we studied 10 predictors of word ages of acquisition across 27 languages and dialects. We found that words that were more frequent, concrete, and associated with babies were learnt earlier, whereas words that had greater length in phonemes and mean length of utterance were learnt later. There was no reliable effect of other morphosyntactic predictors, or of phonological neighbourhood. We found evidence of a tradeoff between a language's morphological complexity and the effect of syntactic complexity for predicates, supporting the competition model. Predictor coefficients revealed broad consistency across all languages, along with variability that reflected language family classifications.  

 Modality Matters: Evidence for the Benefits of Speech-Based Adaptive Retrieval Practice in Learners with Dyslexia   
   
 Wilschut, Thomas Jan | ; 
  Sense, Florian | ; 
  van Rijn, Hedderik 
    
 Retrieval practice‚Äîthe process of actively calling information to mind rather than passively studying materials‚Äîhas been proven to be a highly effective learning strategy. However, only recently, researchers have started to examine differences between learners in terms of the optimal conditions of retrieval practice in applied educational settings. In this study (N = 118), we focus on learners with dyslexia: a group that is usually not included in the retrieval practice literature. We compare their performance to the performance of typical learners in an adaptive, retrieval practice-based word learning task using both typing-based and speech-based response conditions. We find that typical learners outperform learners with dyslexia when they are asked to respond by typing, but that this difference is much smaller when learners can respond by speech. These results can contribute to the development of educational technology that allows for effective and inclusive learning in neurodivergent individuals.  

 Do large language models solve ARC visual analogies like people do?   
   
 Opielka, Gustaw | ; 
  Rosenbusch, Hannes | ; 
  Vijverberg, Veerle P | ; 
  Stevenson, Claire 
    
 The Abstraction Reasoning Corpus (ARC) is a visual analogical reasoning test designed for humans and machines (Chollet, 2019). We compared human and large language model (LLM) performance on a new child-friendly set of ARC items. Results show that both children and adults outperform most LLMs on these tasks. Error analysis revealed a similar "fallback" solution strategy in LLMs and young children, where part of the analogy is simply copied. In addition, we found two other error types, one based on seemingly grasping key concepts (e.g., Inside-Outside) and the other based on simple combinations of analogy input matrices. On the whole, "concept" errors were more common in humans, and "matrix" errors were more common in LLMs. This study sheds new light on LLM reasoning ability and the extent to which we can use error analyses and comparisons with human development to understand how LLMs solve visual analogies.  

 How does assembling an object affect memory for it?   
   
 McCarthy, William P | ; 
  Anderson, Sean P | ; 
  Fan, Judith E. 
    
 What impacts what we remember about objects we have just encountered? InÔ¨Çuential theories of learning suggest that more active engagement leads to stronger memories than passive observation. However, it is not clear which aspects of interaction lead to stronger memories, nor what kinds of memories are supported by active engagement. Here we conduct several experiments to investigate the impact of assembling an object on subsequent recognition and recall performance. We found that reconstructing a block tower by copying it part-by-part could impair subsequent memory for that tower, compared to passively viewing that tower. By contrast, when participants initially encoded each tower by building it from working memory, their subsequent recall was enhanced relative to when they held the tower in working memory without building it. Together our results suggest a complex relationship between the nature of our interactions with objects and our subsequent memories of them.  

 Participle-Prepended Nominals Have Lower Entropy Than Nominals Appended After the Participle   
   
 Denlinger, Kristie | ; 
  Wechsler, Stephen Mark | ; 
  Mahowald, Kyle 
    
 English allows for both compounds (e.g., London-made) and phrasal paraphrases (e.g., made in London). While these constructions have roughly the same truth-conditional meaning, we hypothesize that the compound allows less freedom to express the nature of the semantic relationship between the participle and the pre-participle nominal. We thus predict that the pre-participle slot is more constrained than the equivalent position in the phrasal construction. We test this prediction in a large corpus by measuring the entropy of corresponding nominal slots, conditional on the participle used. That is, we compare the entropy of Œ± in compound construction slots like ‚ÄúŒ±-[V]ed‚Äù to the entropy of Œ± in phrasal constructions like ‚Äú[V]ed by Œ±‚Äù for a given verb V. As predicted, there is significantly lower entropy in the compound construction than in the phrasal construction. We consider how these predictions follow from more general grammatical properties and processing factors.  

 Computational Thought Experiments for a More Rigorous Philosophy and Science of the Mind   
   
 Oved, Iris | ; 
  Krishnaswamy, Nikhil | ; 
  Pustejovsky, James | ; 
  Hartshorne, Joshua K 
    
 We offer philosophical motivations for a method we call Virtual World Cognitive Science (VW CogSci), in which re- searchers use virtual embodied agents that are embedded in virtual worlds to explore questions in the field of Cognitive Science. We focus on questions about mental and linguistic representation and the ways that such computational modeling can add rigor to philosophical thought experiments, as well as the terminology used in the scientific study of such representations. We find that this method forces researchers to take a god's-eye view when describing dynamical relationships be- tween entities in minds and entities in an environment in a way that eliminates the need for problematic talk of belief and concept *types*, such as *the belief that cats are silly*, and *the concept CAT*, while preserving belief and concept *tokens* in individual cognizers' minds. We conclude with some further key advantages of VW CogSci for the scientific study of mental and linguistic representation and for Cognitive Science more broadly.  

 Cooperative Explanation as Rational Communication   
   
 Chandra, Kartik | ; 
  Chen, Tony | ; 
  Li, Tzu-Mao | ; 
  Ragan-Kelley, Jonathan | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
    
 We offer a computational framework for modeling explanation as cooperative rational communication. Under our framework, when an explainer is faced with a ``why?'' question, they reason about the question-asker's current mental model, and intervene on that mental model in order to maximize the listener's future utility. We instantiate our framework in a planning domain, and show that our framework can model human explanations about plans across a wide variety of scenarios.  

 The Hair Club for Boys: How children and adults judge disparate impact rules   
   
 Popat, Aarthi | ; 
  Amemiya, Jamie | ; 
  Heyman, Gail D. | ; 
  Walker, Caren M. 
    
 Disparate impact rules are formally neutral but indirectly discriminate against protected groups (i.e., by targeting a characteristic that is more prevalent in a given group). Because these rules are not obviously malicious, they have been widely enacted to circumvent policies against explicit discrimination. In a series of four experiments, we show that adults and children are sensitive to the moral implications of disparate impact rules. However, we also find that they are more accepting of these rules when strong justification is provided, compared to rules with no justification. Crucially, demographic differences also impact people's judgments of disparate impact rules and their creators. We find that conservatives and those from groups not directly affected by the rule tend to be more accepting of it. By studying people's reasoning about disparate impact rules, this work aims to identify the mechanisms by which these rules may evade detection. Finally, we discuss how these insights may inform the development of interventions that highlight the problematic effects of indirectly discriminatory policies.  

 Finding Unsupervised Alignment of Conceptual Systems in Image-Word Representations   
   
 Luo, Kexin | ; 
  Zhang, Bei | ; 
  Xiao, Yajie | ; 
  Lake, Brenden 
    
 Advancements in deep neural networks have led to significant progress in computer vision and natural language processing. These networks, trained on real-world stimuli, develop high-level feature representations of stimuli. It is hypothesized that these representations, stemming from different inputs, should converge into similar conceptual systems, as they reflect various perspectives of the same underlying reality. This paper examines the degree to which different conceptual systems can be aligned in an unsupervised manner, using feature-based representations from deep neural networks. Our investigation centers on the alignment between the image and word representations produced by diverse neural networks, emphasizing those trained via self-supervised learning methods. Subsequently, to probe comparable alignment patterns in human learning, we extend this examination to models trained on developmental headcam data from children. Our findings reveal a more pronounced alignment in models trained through self-supervised learning compared to supervised learning, effectively uncovering higher-level structural connections among categories. However, this alignment was notably absent in models trained with limited developmental headcam data, suggesting more data, more inductive biases, or more supervision are needed to establish alignment from realistic input.  

 Latent meaning representations in great-ape gestural communication   
   
 Franke, Michael | ; 
  Bohn, Manuel | ; 
  Fröhlich, Marlen 
    
 Studies of meaning in human and primate communication face, in principle, similar methodological problems. In both cases, meaning is not observable directly, but must be inferred from more indirect sources, such as directly observable behavior. Recent work in probabilistic cognitive modeling of language use has therefore developed methods of inferring latent se- mantic meaning through the lens of a probabilistic model of language use. In this paper, we explore how to adapt such an approach for insightful investigations of primate communication. Towards this end, we develop a suitable probabilistic model of processes that generate communicative behavior by making use of functionally specified latent meaning representations. As a proof of concept, we apply this model to a rich, annotated data set of orangutan communicative dyadic interaction and conclude that explicit probabilistic modeling can provide additional insights for the study of animal communication pertaining to the context-dependent nature of signals and the gradual evolution of human communication systems.  

 Verbal overshadowing in odor recognition   
   
 Cao, Yaxiong | ; 
  Majid, Asifa | ; 
  Vanek, Norbert 
    
 This study investigates the phenomenon of verbal overshadowing in olfaction. It focuses on how odor recognition is impacted after individuals sniffed and then described odors. Three key findings emerged. First, participants who refrained from describing a previously encountered target odor (control group) showed significantly superior performance in recognizing the target odor compared to those who had described it (verbal group). Second, the verbal overshadowing effect tended to diminish or completely disappear when participants were required to respond rapidly. Third, providing participants with instructions highlighting potential conflicts between olfactory and verbal representations did not alleviate the influence of the verbal overshadowing effect. To conclude, describing an odor elaborately can adversely affect odor memory, even when one is aware of this, but this is mitigated under speeded conditions.  

 Human-machine trios show different tempo changes in musical tasks   
   
 Van Kerrebroeck, Bavo | ; 
  Wanderley, Marcelo | ; 
  Demos, Alexander P | ; 
  Palmer, Caroline 
    
 Music-making relies on precise temporal control and mutual coordination among performers, particularly to maintain tempo. We evaluate the impact of human-machine interaction and rhythmic subdivisions on tempo change in musical trios. A synchronization-continuation task was performed by trios of human participants interacting with confederates or with algorithmic (i.e. machine) models. Sounded tone onsets were produced by a linear error-correction model, delay-coupled model, and Kuramoto model that replaced a human participant. Inter-onset intervals were examined from participants who performed rhythms in both in-phase and anti-phase conditions while a third group member was either a human or algorithmic model. Trios drifted toward faster tempi more when they contained a human than an algorithmic model. Tempo drift also increased for the aligned rhythms (in-phase) compared to rhythms with rhythmic subdivisions (anti-phase). Finally, the tested algorithmic models replicated the confederate's tempo drift without the use of any period correction mechanisms. This research advances our understanding of unintentional tempo drift, offering insights into ensemble dynamics and models of temporal coordination in groups. Implications for musical coordination and avenues for future research are discussed.  

 Moral association graph: A cognitive model for moral inference   
   
 Ramezani, Aida | ; 
  Xu, Yang 
    
 Moral inference is an emerging topic of critical importance in artificial intelligence. The contemporary approach often relies on language modelling to infer moral relevance or moral properties of a concept such as "smoking". This approach demands complex parameterisation and costly computation, and it tends to disconnect with psychological accounts of moralization. We present a simple cognitive model for moral inference grounded in theories of moralization. Our model builds on word association network known to capture human semantics and draws on rich psychological data. We demonstrate that our moral association graph model performs competitively to state-of-the-art language models, where we evaluate them against a comprehensive set of data for automated inference of moral norms and moral judgment of concepts, and in-context moral inference. Moreover, we show that our model discovers intuitive concepts underlying moral judgment and is applicable to informing short-term temporal changes in moral perception.  

 Attention Allocation to Deviants with Intonational Rises and Falls: Evidence from Pupillometry   
   
 Lialiou, Maria | ; 
  Harris, Jesse | ; 
  Grice, Martine | ; 
  Schumacher, Petra B. 
    
 This pupillometric study investigates the relevance of domain-final intonation for attention-orienting in German, employing a changing-state oddball paradigm with rising, falling and neutral intonation on deviant stimuli. Pupil dilation responses (PDR) to deviants were shown to be affected by their intonation contours, strengthening the case for the role of intonational edge tones in attention-orienting. Moreover, the magnitude and duration of the PDR response was higher for rises than falls, indicating the fundamental role of intonational rises for the activation of the attention-orienting mechanism in speech perception.  

 Language Models That Accurately Represent Syntactic Structure Exhibit Higher Representational Similarity To Brain Activity   
   
 Fresen, Abraham Jacob | ; 
  Choenni, Rochelle | ; 
  Heilbron, Micha | ; 
  Zuidema, Willem | ; 
  de Heer Kloots, Marianne 
    
 We investigate whether more accurate representation of syntactic information in Transformer-based language models is associated with better alignment to brain activity. We use fMRI recordings from a large dataset (MOUS) of a Dutch sentence reading task, and perform Representational Similarity Analysis to measure alignment with 2 mono- and 3 multilingual language models. We focus on activity in a region known for syntactic processing (the Left posterior Medial Temporal Gyrus). We correlate model-brain similarity scores with the accuracy of dependency structures extracted from model internal states using a labelled structural probe. We report three key findings: 1) Accuracy of syntactic dependency representations correlates with brain similarity, 2) The link between brain similarity and dependency accuracy persists regardless of sentence complexity, although 3) Sentence complexity decreases dependency accuracy while increasing brain similarity. These results highlight how interpretable, linguistic features such as syntactic dependencies can mediate the similarity between language models and brains  

 VSA4VQA: Scaling A Vector Symbolic Architecture To Visual Question Answering on Natural Images   
   
 Penzkofer, Anna | ; 
  Shi, Lei | ; 
  Bulling, Andreas 
    
 While Vector Symbolic Architectures (VSAs) are promising for modelling spatial cognition, their application is currently limited to artificially generated images and simple spatial queries. We propose VSA4VQA ‚Äì a novel 4D implementation of VSAs that implements a mental representation of natural images for the challenging task of Visual Question Answering (VQA). VSA4VQA is the first model to scale a VSA to complex spatial queries. Our method is based on the Semantic Pointer Architecture (SPA) to encode objects in a hyperdimensional vector space. To encode natural images, we extend the SPA to include dimensions for object's width and height in addition to their spatial location. To perform spatial queries we further introduce learned spatial query masks and integrate a pre-trained vision-language model for answering attribute-related questions. We evaluate our method on the GQA benchmark dataset and show that it can effectively encode natural images, achieving competitive performance to state-of-the-art deep learning methods for zero-shot VQA.  

 Automated Recognition of Grooming Behavior in Wild Chimpanzees   
   
 van de Sande, Yana | ; 
  Pouw, Wim | ; 
  Southern, Lara M 
    
 Video recording is a widely used tool for studying animal behavior, especially in fields such as primatology. Primatologists rely on video data to analyze and research topics such as social grooming to uncover subtle mechanisms behind complex social behavior and structures. Insights into these social behaviors may provide us with a better understanding of our closest living relatives, but also new theories and insights into our own behavior. However, analyzing this type of data using manual annotation is currently a time-consuming task. Here we present an end-to-end pipeline to track chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes) poses using DeepLabCut (DLC) which then serves as input to a support vector machine. This classifier was trained to detect role transitions within grooming interactions. We replicate a recent study showing that DLC has usability value for chimpanzee data collected in natural environments. Our combined method of tracking and classification is remarkably successful in detecting the presence of grooming, indicating the directionality and a change in turn with an accuracy above 86% on unseen videos. We can identify particular pose features used in the classification of grooming, which will contribute to the exploration of turn-taking dynamics on a scale that would otherwise be difficult to attain with traditional methods. Finally, our pipeline can in principle be applied to recognize a variety of other socially interactive behaviors that are largely recognizable by (joint) postural states.  

 Stepping back to see the connection: Movement during problem solving facilitates creative insight   
   
 Tabatabaeian, Shadab | ; 
  Ortega, Alyssa Viviana | ; 
  O'bi, Artemisia | ; 
  Landy, David | ; 
  Marghetis, Tyler 
    
 People thinking creatively will shift their bodies, wander around, move. Why? Here we investigate one explanation: Movement is a canny strategy for changing the information that is available visually, in ways that facilitate insight. We first analyzed video footage of mathematicians engrossed in creative thought. We found that sudden "aha" insights were reliably preceded by movements away far from the blackboard, as if mathematicians were stepping back to "see the big picture." To confirm the causal impact of changing proximity on creativity, we conducted an experiment that manipulated proximity to a whiteboard while participants worked on insight puzzles represented by diagrams. Participants had greater creative success when they could survey the entire whiteboard from a distance. Whether in real-world expert reasoning or a controlled experiment, movements away and toward visual representations facilitated insight. Wandering is sometimes a kind of epistemic action, facilitating the discovery of novel connections.  

 Language Discrimination May Not Rely on Rhythm: A Computational Study   
   
 Famularo, Ruolan Leslie | ; 
  Aboelata, Ali | ; 
  Schatz, Thomas | ; 
  Feldman, Naomi H 
    
 It has long been assumed that infants' ability to discriminate between languages stems from their sensitivity to speech rhythm, i.e., organized temporal structure of vowels and consonants in a language. However, the relationship between speech rhythm and language discrimination has not been directly demonstrated. Here, we use computational modeling and train models of speech perception with and without access to information about rhythm. We test these models on language discrimination, and find that access to rhythm does not affect the success of the model in replicating infant language discrimination results. Our findings challenge the relationship between rhythm and language discrimination, and have implications for theories of language acquisition.  

 Neuro-Symbolic Models of Human Moral Judgment   
   
 Kwon, Joseph | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Levine, Sydney 
    
 There has been exciting recent progress in computational modeling of moral cognition. Work in this area tends to describe the cognitive mechanisms of human moral judgment using symbolic models, which are interpretable and written in terms of representations that carry meaning. However, these models fall short of capturing the full human capacity to make moral judgments in that they fail to process natural language inputs but instead rely on formal problem specifications. The inability to interface with natural language also limits the usefulness of symbolic models. Meanwhile, there have been steady advances in conversational AI systems built using large language models (LLMs) that interface with natural language. However, these systems fall short as models of human reasoning, particularly in the domain of morality. In this paper we explore the possibility of building neuro-symbolic models of human moral cognition that use the strengths of LLMs to interface with natural language (specifically, to extract morally relevant features from it) and the strengths of symbolic approaches to reason over representations. Our goal is to construct a model of human moral cognition that interfaces with natural language, predicts human moral judgment with high accuracy, and does so in a way that is transparent and interpretable.  

 Inconsistent Arguments are Perceived as Better Than Appeals to Authority: An Extension of the Everyday Belief Bias   
   
 Deans-Browne, Calvin Christopher James Lee | ; 
  BƒÉitanu, Alexandra | ; 
  Dubinska, Yuliya | ; 
  Singmann, Henrik 
    
 Social media is often used as a platform where individuals engage in debate regarding topics that are important to them. Not all arguments are equally convincing, and whilst a given argument may be persuasive to some people, it is often seen as inadequate by others. We are interested in both the individual and argument level differences that make ‚Äòeveryday' arguments such as those on social media persuasive. In a replication of our Everyday Belief Bias Task (Deans-Browne & Singmann, 2024), we investigate this question using a paradigm that consists of two parts. In the first part, we measure participant's individual beliefs about eight claims each referring to a political topic (e.g., Abortion should be legal). In the second part, participants rated an argument for each of these claims that was deemed as either good, inconsistent (containing internal inconsistencies), or authority-based (being centered around appeals to authority). We replicated the belief consistency effect ‚Äì participants preferred arguments that were also in line with their beliefs. We also found that authority-based arguments were rated as worse than inconsistent arguments, and that both types of arguments were rated as worse than good arguments. The implications are first that people do not evaluate arguments independently of the background beliefs held about them. Secondly, people are willing to ignore inconsistencies in arguments more than they are willing to accept the endorsement of authority figures as adequate evidence for arguments.  

 Conceptual Knowledge Modulates the Temporal Dynamics of Novelty Preference for Real-world Objects in a Visual Paired Comparison Task   
   
 Allegretti, Elena | ; 
  Ryan, Jennifer D/ | ; 
  Coco, Moreno I. 
    
 Our visual system tends to prioritise novel information, and this allocation of attention, as examined with the Visual Paired Comparison Task (VPC), is taken as an indirect index of memory processes. At present, research on the emergence of a novelty preference (NP) remains unclear about its temporal dynamics and agnostic about the role that the organisation of conceptual knowledge may play in it. These two gaps are addressed in this eye-tracking study, which adapts the VPC task to enable a finer temporal tracking of the NP while manipulating categorical and functional relationships between pairs of real-world visual objects to examine the impact conceptual associations bear on it. We found that NP significantly increases with increasing delay between the familiarisation and the test phase, especially for pairs of objects that were both categorically and functionally related (e.g., dart/dartboard). Our findings provide fresh evidence about the interplay between overt attention, conceptual knowledge and memory processes on novelty preference while offering valuable insights into the temporal dynamics of NP and its conceptual implications for mechanisms governing visual short-term memory.  

 Toddlers Actively Sample from Reliable and Unreliable Speakers   
   
 Mankewitz, Jess | ; 
  Hawkins, Robert | ; 
  Saffran, Jenny 
    
 Toddlers are sensitive to the reliability of speakers in their environment \cite{koenig2010}. While previous work suggests that children prefer labels from reliable speakers, it remains unclear how these social representations guide lower-level information-seeking processes that affect speaker preferences. The current study introduces a gaze-contingent eye-tracking paradigm to investigate how children engage in sampling during word learning. Toddlers (22-24m) view videos of two speakers labeling familiar objects; one speaker provides reliable labels and the other speaker provides unreliable labels. Toddlers then sample novel labels from the speakers using a gaze-contingent interface: only the speaker they are fixating on provides a novel label. Preliminary data (N = 18) suggests that participants prefer to sample first from the reliable speaker over the unreliable speaker. However, there is little difference in overall sampling preferences. Our findings suggest that toddlers can assess speaker reliability, but remain open to exploring information from unreliable speakers.  

 Learning semantic knowledge based on infant real-time attention and parent in-situ speech   
   
 Yang, Jane | ; 
  Zhang, Yayun | ; 
  Yu, Chen 
    
 Early word learning involves mapping individual words to their meanings and building organized semantic representations among words. Previous corpus-based studies (e.g., using text from websites, newspapers, child-directed speech corpora) demonstrated that linguistic information such as word co-occurrence alone is sufficient to build semantically organized word knowledge. The present study explored two new research directions to advance understanding of how infants acquire semantically organized word knowledge. First, infants in the real world hear words surrounded by contextual information. Going beyond inferring semantic knowledge merely from language input, we examined the role of extra-linguistic contextual information in learning semantic knowledge. Second, previous research relies on large amounts of linguistic data to demonstrate in-principle learning, which is unrealistic compared with the input children receive. Here, we showed that incorporating extra-linguistic information provides an efficient mechanism through which semantic knowledge can be acquired with a small amount of data infants perceive in everyday learning contexts, such as toy play.  

 From the mouths of babes: Toddlers' early word production favors information in common ground   
   
 Washington, Bradli | ; 
  Radifera, Sienna | ; 
  Struhl, Melissa Kline | ; 
  Schulz, Laura 
    
 Toddlers can only say one or two words at a time. What do they choose to talk about? We report preliminary results (N=167; mean; 19.5 months) from a pre-registered online experiment on productive language. Toddlers saw six movies. A curtain opened on an introductory scene, the parent closed their eyes, and a new event happened. The curtain closed and the child was asked what happened. On two trials the unseen event was new to the parent (Novel event); on two trials, one of two animals ate the only food in the scene (Agent ambiguous); on two trials, the only animal ate one of the two foods (Patient ambiguous). We predicted that toddlers would selectively generate informative utterances (i.e., referring to the novel event, the agent, and the patient, respectively). Toddlers' productive language was indeed sensitive to what listeners' know; however, unlike adults, they selectively referred to information in common ground.  

 Eye Movements are like Gestures in the Creation of Informal Algorithms   
   
 Mackiewicz, Robert | ; 
  Bucciarelli, Monica | ; 
  Khemlani, Sangeet | ; 
  Johnson-Laird, Phil 
    
 People who have no experience with programming can create informal programs to rearrange the order of cars in trains. To find out whether they rely on kinematic mental simulations, the current studies examined participants' eye movements in two experiments in which participants performed various moves and rearrangements on a railway consisting of a main track running from left to right and a siding entered from and exited to the left track. In Experiment 1, they had to imagine different sorts of single moves of cars on the railway. The sequences of their fixations resembled iconic gestures: they tended to look at the starting location of the imagined move, and then at its final location. In Experiment 2, the task was to create descriptions of how to solve four sorts of rearrangements that differ in their Kolmogorov complexity. It predicted the time to find the correct solution and the relative number and duration of fixations recorded during the description of each move for rearrangements of different complexity. Participants were more likely to fixate on the symbols on the cars than anything else, and they fixated longer when the rearrangement was more difficult. They also tended to fixate regions of the tracks where a car's movement began or ended, as if they were imagining a car moving along the tracks. The results suggest that humans rely on a kinematic mental simulation when creating informal algorithms.  

 Similarity in object properties supports cross-situational word learning: Predictions from a dynamic neural model confirmed   
   
 Bhat, Ajaz Ahmad | ; 
  Spencer, John | ; 
  Samuelson, Larissa K 
    
 Learning names for novel objects has been shown to be impacted by the context in which they appear. Manipulations of context, therefore, provide a key pathway to explore these learning dynamics. Here we use a neural process model that instantiates the details of ‚Äòcontext' to generate novel, counterintuitive predictions about how similarity in object properties influence learning. Specifically, we use a dynamic field model, WOLVES, to simulate and predict learning in a cross-situational word learning task in two conditions: one where the two objects presented on each learning trial are metrically similar in a property (‚ÄòNEAR') and another condition where the two objects are always dissimilar (‚ÄòFAR'). WOLVES predicts‚Äîcounterintuitively‚Äîthat participants should learn better in the ‚ÄòNEAR' condition (where objects are potentially confusable) than in ‚ÄòFAR' condition (where objects are distinctive). We then tested this prediction empirically, finding support for the novel prediction. This study shows the utility of process models which instantiate the details of ‚Äòcontext' during learning and provides support for WOLVES. We know of no other theory of cross-situational word learning that captures these novel findings.  

 Infants Track Environmental Volatility to Optimize Their Learning   
   
 Poli, Francesco | ; 
  Ghilardi, Tommaso | ; 
  Bersee, Jana H. M. | ; 
  Mars, Rogier B. | ; 
  Hunnius, Sabine 
    
 Infants' bodies, brains, and environments are ever-changing. Although this continuous transformation is a fundamental feature of development, how infants actively adapt and learn amidst such volatility is still unknown. To address this, we devised a novel learning task in which the location of a reward was systematically altered, transitioning from stable to volatile periods. Through computational modelling, we inferred from the infants' gaze and pupil data the learning processes that enabled them to navigate these changing environments. We found that infants' tonic pupil size reflected trial-by-trial changes in the level of environmental volatility. Moreover, phasic changes in pupil size when observing the reward indicated that infants relied on the information about volatility to optimize their learning. This resulted in the successful performance of the task, as indicated by the pattern of anticipatory looks to the correct reward locations. Together, these results identify the active role that infants play in adapting to change.  

 False Memories of Actions: When Motor Simulation is Deceptive   
   
 Limata, Teresa | ; 
  Stockner, Mara | ; 
  Mitaritonna, Danilo | ; 
  Mazzoni, Giuliana | ; 
  Bucciarelli, Monica | ; 
  Ianì, Francesco 
    
 Seeing a person preparing to perform an action and later remembering having seen subsequent phases of the action, but not previous phases. This is what a theory on the role of the motor system in the creation and recovery of memories predicts can happen. We investigate memory for action after viewing an image representing an actor acting on a series of everyday objects. The participants in one experiment viewed a series of still photos of unfolding actions on objects (e.g., blowing the nose), and 15 minutes later they were asked to complete a recognition task. At recognition, participants viewed photos representing temporally distant moments, backward or forward in time compared to the original, along with the same photos seen at encoding. Results showed that participants tended to accept forward photos more than backward photos. In a pilot study, we explored the role of the temporal distance between encoding and recognition. Results showed that when 3 days elapsed between the encoding and recognition phases, participants did not tend to accept forward photos more than backward photos.  

 Uniform information density explains subject doubling in French   
   
 Liang, Yiming | ; 
  Amsili, Pascal | ; 
  Burnett, Heather | ; 
  Demberg, Vera 
    
 In this paper we investigate whether subject doubling in French is affected by the Uniform Information Density (UID) principle, which states that speakers prefer language encoding that minimizes fluctuations in information density. We show that, other factors being controlled, speakers are more likely to double the NP subject when it has a high surprisal, thus providing further empirical evidence to the UID principle which predicts a surprisal-redundancy trade-off as a property of natural languages. We argue for the importance of employing GPT-2 to investigate complex linguistic phenomena such as subject doubling, as it enables the estimation of subject surprisal by considering a rather large conversational context, a task made possible by powerful language models that incorporate linguistic knowledge through pre-training on extensive datasets.  

 The Perils of Omitting Omissions when Modeling Evidence Accumulation   
   
 Leng, Xiamin | ; 
  Fengler, Alexander | ; 
  Shenhav, Amitai | ; 
  Frank, Michael J. 
    
 Choice deadlines are commonly imposed in decision-making research to incentivize speedy responses and sustained attention to the task settings. However, computational models of choice and response times routinely overlook this deadline, instead simply omitting trials past the deadline from further analysis. This choice is made under the implicit assumption that parameter estimation is not significantly affected by ignoring these omissions. Using new tools from likelihood-free inference, here we elucidate the degree to which omitting omissions, even in seemingly benign settings, can lead researchers astray. We explore the phenomenon using a Sequential Sampling Model (SSM) with collapsing boundaries as a test-bed.  

 Not all generics are created equal: Differentiating between 'do' and 'can' generic statements   
   
 Arnold, Sophie | ; 
  Mukherji, Mohit | ; 
  Rhodes, Marjorie 
    
 Generic statements (e.g., ‚Äúgirls wear makeup‚Äù) tie properties to groups and are a common way of transmitting stereotypes. One natural but untested way that people might try to undermine these statements is by making a similar statement about salient but not mentioned contrastive groups (e.g., ‚Äúboys can wear makeup too‚Äù). Do can generics license the same judgments as do generics? Four studies examined how adults judge two novel groups when one group does a property (e.g., Zarpies make pizzas) while the other group can do the property (e.g., Gorps can make pizzas too). Compared to do generics, adults consistently judged groups described with can generics to be less likely to have, less interested in, less competent at, and for it to be less permissible for them to do the property. Overall, these results suggest that can generics are unlikely to be an effective means at equating beliefs about two groups.  

 Capturing stage-level and individual-level information from photographs: Human-AI comparison   
   
 Sato, Yuri | ; 
  Suzuki, Ayaka | ; 
  Mineshima, Koji 
    
 This study explores human capabilities in distinguishing and recognizing entities that change over time from those that do not. We specifically investigate the linguistic distinction between "individual-level predicates" (ILPs) and "stage-level predicates" (SLPs). Our empirical approach focuses on how humans visually distinguish these two types. We performed a corpus analysis, in which a set of image captions were randomly extracted and annotated by experts with either SLP or ILP labels. The findings indicated a predominance of SLPs over ILPs in the image captions. We then performed automatic annotation on a large dataset of image captions and conducted a machine-learning experiment on image classification based on ILSs and SLPs. Our results demonstrated that SLPs were identified with high accuracy, while ILPs were identified with about chance level, substantially lower than human capabilities. Given the analyses, we discuss what features of the image contribute to distinguishing between ILPs and SLPs.  

 Simple changes to content curation algorithms affect the beliefs people form in a collaborative filtering experiment   
   
 Burton, Jason W. | ; 
  Herzog, Stefan M | ; 
  Lorenz-Spreen, Philipp 
    
 Content-curating algorithms provide a crucial service for social media users by surfacing relevant content, but they can also bring about harms when their objectives are misaligned with user values and welfare. Yet, potential behavioral consequences of this alignment problem remain understudied in controlled experiments. In a preregistered, two-wave, collaborative filtering experiment, we demonstrate that small changes to the metrics used for sampling and ranking posts affect the beliefs people form. Our results show observable differences in two types of outcomes within statisticized groups: belief accuracy and consensus. We find partial support for hypotheses that the recently proposed approaches of "bridging-based ranking" and "intelligence-based ranking" promote consensus and belief accuracy, respectively. We also find that while personalized, engagement-based ranking promotes posts that participants perceive favorably, it simultaneously leads those participants to form more polarized and less accurate beliefs than any of the other algorithms considered.  

 Identifying Cognitive Processes and Neural Substrates of Spatial Transformation in a Mental Folding Task with Cognitive Modeling   
   
 Preuss, Kai | ; 
  Hilton, Christopher | ; 
  Gramann, Klaus | ; 
  Russwinkel, Nele 
    
 The cognitive processes underlying mental folding have been investigated for decades, while the neural correlates associated with this spatial transformation are barely understood. This study combines cognitive modeling with EEG recordings from 41 subjects to investigate the general mechanisms of mental spatial transformation. By linking model-based simulation and electrocortical activity, we identified brain areas involved during mental folding. Our novel approach showed active central parietal and left parietal, as well as occipital areas during spatial storage, while the right parietal cortex was associated with spatial transformation. The left occipital and parietal regions were active especially during visual baseline trials, while the right parietal region exhibited stronger activity for more difficult folding trials, replicating previous results. The varying activation patterns imply different cognitive loads for storage and for transformation depending on task difficulty.  

 Program-Based Strategy Induction for Reinforcement Learning   
   
 Correa, Carlos G. | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom | ; 
  Daw, Nathaniel 
    
 Typical models of learning assume incremental estimation of continuously-varying decision variables like expected rewards. However, this class of models fails to capture more idiosyncratic, discrete heuristics and strategies that people and animals appear to exhibit. Despite recent advances in strategy discovery using tools like recurrent networks that generalize the classic models, the resulting strategies are often onerous to interpret, making connections to cognition difficult to establish. We use Bayesian program induction to discover strategies implemented by programs, letting the simplicity of strategies trade off against their effectiveness. Focusing on bandit tasks, we find strategies that are difficult or unexpected with classical incremental learning, like asymmetric learning from rewarded and unrewarded trials, adaptive horizon-dependent random exploration, and discrete state switching.  

 Learning expectations shape initial cognitive control allocation   
   
 Masís, Javier Alejandro | ; 
  Musslick, Sebastian | ; 
  Cohen, Jonathan 
    
 Current models of cognitive control frame its allocation as a process of expected utility maximization. The benefits of a candidate action are weighed against the costs of that control allocation (e.g. opportunity costs). Recent theorizing has found that it is normative to account for the value of learning when determining control allocation. Here, we sought to test whether learning expectations could explain people's initial control allocation in a standard dot-motion perceptual task. We found that subjects' initial skill level and learning rate in a first block were able to predict their initial willingness to accumulate evidence in a second block, interpreted as a greater control allocation for the task. Our findings support the hypothesis that agents consider the learnability of a task when deciding how much cognitive control to allocate to that task.  

 Innovating for the future: When do children begin to recognise and manufacture solutions to future problems?   
   
 Ockerby, Zoe | ; 
  Suddendorf, Thomas | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 Innovation in children is typically studied by examining their capacity to create novel tools. However, innovation also involves recognising the future utility of a solution. Across two experiments, we examined children's capacity to recognise and construct a tool for future uses. Experiment One presented 3- to 5-year-olds (N=55) with a future-directed problem-solving task. When given a tool construction opportunity in anticipation of returning to the task, only 5-year-olds made the correctly shaped tool above chance levels. Experiment Two assessed 3- to 7-year-olds' (N=92) capacity to build a tool with future, as well as present, utility in mind. Age was positively associated with constructing a tool of greater utility than necessary to solve the present task. Children's propensity to construct longer tools was associated with their capacity to prepare for two alternative possibilities on a secondary task, suggesting performance on our innovation task reflects emerging future-oriented cognition.  

 Introducing the Extinction Gambling Task   
   
 Maier, Maximilian | ; 
  Harris, Adam | ; 
  Kellen, David | ; 
  Singmann, Henrik 
    
 Decisions about extinction risks are ubiquitous in everyday life and for our continued existence as a species. We introduce a new risky-choice task that can be used to study this topic: The Extinction Gambling Task. Here, we investigate two versions of this task: a Keep variant, where participants cannot accumulate any more earnings after the extinction event, and a Lose variant, where extinction also wipes out all previous earnings. We derive optimal solutions for both variants and compare them to behavioural data. Our findings suggest that people understand the difference between the two variants and their behaviour is qualitatively in line with the optimal solution. Further, we find evidence for risk-aversion in the Keep condition but not in the Lose condition. We hope that this task can facilitate further research on this vital topic.  

 Structural Generalization of Modification in Adult Learners of an Artificial Language   
   
 Kim, Najoung | ; 
  Smolensky, Paul 
    
 Compositional generalization that requires production and comprehension of novel _structures_ through observed constituent parts has been shown to be challenging for even very powerful neural network models of language. However, one of the test cases that poses the greatest difficulty---generalization of modifiers to unobserved syntactic positions---has not been empirically attested in human learners under the same exposure conditions assumed by these tests. In this work, we test adult human learners on whether they generalize or withhold the production of modification in novel syntactic positions using artificial language learning. We find that adult native speakers of English are biased towards producing modifiers in unobserved positions (therefore producing novel structures), even when they only observe modification in a single syntactic position, and even when the knowledge of their native language actively biases them against the plausibility of the target structures.  

 A neural network model trained on free recall learns the method of loci   
   
 Li, Moufan | ; 
  Jensen, Kristopher T. | ; 
  Mattar, Marcelo G 
    
 Humans preferentially recall items that are presented in close temporal proximity together -- a phenomenon known as the "temporal contiguity effect". In this study, we investigate whether this phenomenon emerges naturally when training a recurrent neural network with episodic memory on free recall tasks. The model learns to recall items in the order they were presented, consistent with the human contiguity effect. The strength of this effect predicts the performance of individual networks, mirroring experimental findings in humans where stronger contiguity effects predict higher recall performance. The contiguity effect in the model is supported by a neural representation of item index, resembling the `method of loci'. This differs from prominent computational models of human memory, which use a slow decay of past information to guide sequential retrieval. Our findings provide insights into the mechanisms underlying episodic memory and pave the way for future studies of its interactions with other cognitive processes.  

 Symmetric Bias in Reasoning: Error Analysis of Indeterminate Term Series Problems   
   
 Aoi, Takafumi | ; 
  Hidaka, Shohei 
    
 In term series problems where multiple mental models can be constructed, partial-order models can be created as mental representations, which make it easier to perceive the symmetry of the terms. To test these hypotheses, we categorized multi-model (indeterminate) term series problems according to the patterns of partial-order models that could be constructed, and analyzed the reasoning performance for each pattern. These results suggest that reasoners tend to use the symmetry of terms to reduce the cognitive load of reasoning. Analysis of the patterns of incorrect answers also suggests that attempts to exploit the symmetry of the term may be biased, leading to errors in reasoning.  

 Optimal decision-making under task uncertainty: a computational basis for cognitive stability versus flexibility   
   
 Madlon-Kay, Seth | ; 
  Pearson, John | ; 
  Egner, Tobias 
    
 Cognitive control is thought to regulate the conflict between stability---maintaining the current task in the face of distraction---and flexibility---switching to a new task of greater priority. However, evidence conflicts regarding when and to what extent stability and flexibility trade-off. A normative theory of flexibility and stability may help clarify when and why we should expect such trade-offs to occur. Towards such a theory, we model task-switching as a problem of decision-making under uncertainty, in which the decision-maker must simultaneously infer both the identity of a stimulus and the task governing the correct response to that stimulus. We find that optimal behavior is either extremely stable or extremely flexible, but not both, indicating a normative basis for a trade-off between the two. However, we also show that a sub-optimal but more realistic decision-maker exhibits behavior between these two extremes, and more closely resembles experimental data.  

 Second Order Uncertainty and Prospect Theory   
   
 Dewitt, Stephen H | ; 
  Lam, Michelle | ; 
  Shi, Andy | ; 
  Tam, Borys | ; 
  Dupret, Samuel Henri | ; 
  Pilditch, Toby D | ; 
  Lagnado, David 
    
 Prospect Theory has been highly influential; however its experimental paradigm lacks higher orders of uncertainty. To introduce this, participants are asked to imagine themselves facing a choice between two bags containing 100,000 blue or red balls in unknown proportions. A red ball wins ¬£500. Participants are shown samples from each bag; e.g., 5 balls from Bag 1 (3 red) and 100 balls from Bag 2 (55 red). The bags can be represented by distributions with Bag 1 having a higher mean probability estimate (60% vs 55%), but more variance (second order uncertainty) in that estimate. By varying observed frequencies and gain vs loss formats, we seek to determine if classic findings remain when higher order uncertainties are present. Results consistent with the four-fold pattern are seen for gains (uncertainty seeking at low probability values, uncertainty aversion at high probability values) but for losses, uncertainty aversion is seen at all values.  

 Predicting NCAA Men's Basketball Rankings: How Context Effects Shape Beliefs   
   
 Fang, Jun | ; 
  Cai, Xiaohong | ; 
  Adaryukov, James | ; 
  Pleskac, Tim 
    
 We test whether the support one holds about an event is influenced by other hypotheses. We addressed this by examining context effects in subjective probabilities (SPs) when forecasting NCAA men's basketball team rankings. A challenge in investigating context effects with naturalistic stimuli is the need to model the different representations of the options. To do so, we adapted the Spatial Arrangement method to capture individual representations and developed an algorithm to select stimuli. We asked participants steeped in basketball knowledge to create spatial maps for 50 teams. They were then presented with customized triplets of teams and asked to estimate their SP that one team would outrank the others. The study uncovered context effects in SPs, and moderators of the effects. Our findings suggest that similar cognitive processes may govern the construction of belief and preference and highlight the importance of modeling mental representations to understand forecasting scenarios.  

 The Interpretation of Ambiguous "They": Children and Adults Pattern Together   
   
 Baird, Anissa | ; 
  Atkinson, Emily 
    
 The recent upswing in both use and acceptance of they/them as a singular pronoun has led to it becoming potentially ambiguous between singular and plural interpretations in cases like ‚ÄúAlex went running with Liz. They fell down‚Äù in which Alex is known to use they/them pronouns. The current work uniquely investigates how children interpret they in these ambiguous cases. Specifically, 5-year-olds, 8-year-olds, and an adult control group underwent a partial replication of Arnold et al. (2021), wherein they answered comprehension questions regarding a series of two-sentence stories. Results show that children can successfully map the pronoun they onto a singular individual when there are no plural competitors and that they interpret ambiguous they similarly to adults, although 5-year-olds interpret this pronoun as singular more often than 8-year-olds. These findings indicate that older children potentially undergo a form of overregularization of they due to grammatical rules enforced at school.  

 Incoherent Probability Judgments in Large Language Models   
   
 Zhu, Jian-Qiao | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Autoregressive Large Language Models (LLMs) trained for next-word prediction have demonstrated remarkable proficiency at producing coherent text. But are they equally adept at forming coherent probability judgments? We use probabilistic identities and repeated judgments to assess the coherence of probability judgments made by LLMs. Our results show that the judgments produced by these models are often incoherent, displaying human-like systematic deviations from the rules of probability theory. Moreover, when prompted to judge the same event, the mean-variance relationship of probability judgments produced by LLMs shows an inverted-U-shaped like that seen in humans. We propose that these deviations from rationality can be explained by linking autoregressive LLMs to implicit Bayesian inference and drawing parallels with the Bayesian Sampler model of human probability judgments.  

 The (in)efficiency of within-language variation in online communities   
   
 Aggarwal, Jai | ; 
  Watson, Julia | ; 
  Senapati, Prabuddha | ; 
  Stevenson, Suzanne 
    
 We conduct a large-scale study of online community variation in language. We show that factors of efficient communication, which have been shown to drive crosslinguistic variation in lexical semantic systems, also play a role in within-language variation across 1926 English-language Reddit communities. We study variation in stancetaking behaviour, a domain where efficient communication may be influenced by social motivations for language use. We find that communities indeed have efficient stancetaking systems, particularly with respect to their own communicative needs. However, contrasting with crosslinguistic work, we find that communities are often not optimized for their needs. Moreover, we find that community-level social factors correlate with how optimized they are. These results highlight the importance of accounting for social pressures for language use when studying how efficient communication drives variation.  

 Moment-to-moment decisions of when and how to help another person   
   
 Osborn Popp, Pamela Joy | ; 
  Gureckis, Todd M 
    
 Helping is a universal human behavior, and is a core aspect of a functioning society. However, the decision to provide help, and what type of help to provide, is a complex cognitive calculation that weights many costs and benefits simultaneously. In this paper, we explore how various costs influence the moment-to-moment decision to help in a simple video game. Participants were paired with another human participant and were asked to make repeated decisions that could benefit either themselves or their partner. Several preregistered manipulations altered the cost each person paid for actions in the environment, the intrinsic resource capacity of individuals to perform the task, the visibility of the other player's score, and the affordances within the environment for helping. The results give novel insight into the cost-benefit analyses that people apply when providing help, and highlight the role of reciprocity in influencing helping decisions.  

 Distraction in Math Anxious Individuals During Math Effort-Based Problem Solving   
   
 Barnett, Mariel | ; 
  LaFollette, Kyle | ; 
  Macnamara, Brooke N. 
    
 Math anxiety is a pervasive issue in higher education that is often associated with poor performance outcomes. A hypothesized reason for this association is that individuals with math anxiety experience negative and intrusive thoughts related to the situation, their performance, and its consequences. These distractions are thought to be specific to math-related contexts. However, recent empirical evidence from the test anxiety literature calls the anxiety-distraction association into question. Here, we demonstrate that (a) math anxiety is associated with higher average reports of negative distraction, (b) that math anxiety-induced distraction is specific to the math problem-solving domain, and (c) that test anxiety also accounts for higher ratings of math-specific negative distraction. Investigating potential mechanisms underlying the math anxiety‚Äìpoor math performance relationship is necessary for implementing effective interventions that foster math success, both in educational settings and in everyday life.  

 Object-Event Correspondences Across Languages   
   
 Lee, Sarah Hye-yeon | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna 
    
 Entities in the spatial domain (objects) and the temporal domain (events) are characterized by parallel distinctions that are supported by a shared notion of individuation that runs across domains. This work investigates whether conceptual considerations of individuation are language-independent. We test speakers of English, which uses count-mass syntax and telicity to mark linguistic individuals in the nominal and verbal domain respectively, and Mandarin, which lacks these linguistic features. Our results throw light onto the nature of entity categories in the human mind: both English-speaking and Mandarin-speaking viewers process individuated and non-individuated entities differently, with only the former having a well-defined (temporal/spatial) structure with integrally-ordered, distinct parts. Crucially, these features of non-linguistic individuation are conceptualized in similar ways cross-linguistically and are potentially universal.  

 Humans use episodic memory to access features of past experience for flexible decision making   
   
 Nicholas, Jonathan | ; 
  Mattar, Marcelo G 
    
 Our choices often require us to prioritize some features of our rich sensory experience over others. Past work suggests that humans solve this problem by focusing on relevant information while discarding that which is irrelevant. Yet learning which features to prioritize requires extensive experience. Moreover, features that are irrelevant now may become relevant in the future. One way to address these issues is by sampling individual richly encoded experiences from episodic memory. Here we hypothesize that episodic memory is used to guide decisions based on multiple features of past events. We test this hypothesis using an experiment in which participants made choices about the value of features that were present in multiple past experiences. We find evidence suggesting that participants used episodic memories to flexibly access features of past events during decision making. Overall, these results suggest that episodic memory promotes adaptive decisions when knowledge of multiple features is necessary.  

 Reasoning about (In)Dependent Evidence: A Mismatch between Perceiving and Incorporating Dependencies?   
   
 Strittmatter, Laura Elaine | ; 
  Pilditch, Toby D | ; 
  Lagnado, David 
    
 Independent pieces of corroborating evidence should provide stronger support to a hypothesis than dependent pieces of evidence. Overlooking the inferiority of dependent relative to independent items of evidence can lead to a chain reaction of double-counting evidence, over-estimating the probability that the fact under consideration is true, and making wrongful decisions. Within fictitious scenarios, we investigate people's sensitivity to the independency advantage. We assess their ability to integrate multiple items of evidence that come from (in)dependent sources who differ in reliability. We find that participants properly perceive dependencies when explicitly asked but fail to distinguish the probative value of dependent versus independent evidence in their belief updating. Still, individuals who perceive a strong dependence between sources treat the evidence as being more redundant. We find no dependency-related effects on participants' individual Bayesian network model predictions. Potential reasons why participants perceive (in)dependencies and yet (mostly) fail to discount for them are discussed.  

 On idle idols and ugly icons: Do homophones create interference in typing?   
   
 Muylle, Merel | ; 
  Nozari, Nazbanou | ; 
  Hartsuiker, Robert 
    
 This study investigates whether homophone competitors are activated during typewriting and to which extent such activation is modulated by syntactic category. In two experiments, we compared the typewriting of homophone pairs in high vs. low conflict sentences (i.e., both homophones vs. only one homophone in the sentence, respectively) in a sentence dictation task (Experiment 1) and in a question-answering task (Experiment 2). The homophone pairs either belonged to the same or different syntactic categories. In Experiment 1, we found a homophone interference effect in accuracy, independent of conflict and syntactic category. In Experiment 2, this effect was replicated, but in addition, participants were slower to type homophones in a high vs. a low conflict context. Our results show a robust, lexically-situated homophone interference effect, regardless of conflict and syntactic category, but when deeper processing of the sentence is involved, conflict starts to play a role.  

 Target vs. Distractor: Does the Role of a Category In Comparisons Influence Learning? Evidence from Skin Cancer Classification   
   
 Jacoby, Victoria L | ; 
  Massey, Christine M. | ; 
  Kellman, Philip J 
    
 Recent research indicates that paired comparisons can accelerate perceptual learning of challenging dermatological lesion categories. Here we investigated whether the role of object categories as targets or distractors differentially influences learning outcomes. The frequency with which a given category occupied the target position was manipulated across three learning conditions: Always-Never, where half of 10 categories were always shown as target and the other half never shown as target; Often-Rarely, where half of categories appeared 75% as targets and 25% as distractors, with reversed presentation frequency for the other half; and Equal Split learning, in which all categories appeared as targets or distractors equally often. After learning, transfer results indicated that all conditions yielded equivalent overall learning, but categories prioritized more often as targets exhibited greater learning gains. These findings implicate differential processing of images in comparisons, even when no information regarding target vs. distractor was given prior to feedback.  

 Benford's Law from a Developmental Perspective   
   
 Wünsch, Sophia | ; 
  Vollmeyer, Regina | ; 
  Burns, Bruce 
    
 When adults estimate meaningful numbers their distribution of first-digits is strongly biased towards Benford's Law. Insight into why this bias emerges could be gained by examining when it emerges in children. Three hypotheses were formulated: the Representation Hypothesis predicted this distribution can be found in all grades; the Integration Hypothesis predicted a leap in Benford bias from Grade 3 to 4 due to increased mathematical knowledge; and the Distribution Hypothesis proposed a gradual increase across grades due to implicit learning. 151 children in Grades 2 to 4 were asked to estimate numbers based on images and questions. Results showed a strong Benford bias in all three grades but a significant leap from Grade 2 to 3. This was evidence for both the Representation and Integration Hypotheses. Therefore, Benford bias may develop in children due to how they represent numbers, or develop complex mathematical processes, or perhaps some combination of these.  

 Publish or Perish: Simulating the Impact of Publication Policies on Science   
   
 Mancoridis, Marina | ; 
  Sumers, Ted | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Science can be viewed as a collective, epistemic endeavor. However, a variety of factors- such as the publish-or-perish culture, institutional incentives, and publishers who favor novel and positive findings- may challenge the ability of science to accurately aggregate information about the world. Evidence of the shortcomings in the current structure of science can be seen in the replication crisis that faces psychology and other disciplines. We analyze scientific publishing through the lens of cultural evolution, framing the scientific process as a multi-generational interplay between scientists and publishers in a multi-armed bandit setting. We examine the dynamics of this model through simulations, exploring the effect that different publication policies have on the accuracy of the published scientific record. Our findings highlight the need for replications and caution against behaviors that prioritize factors uncorrelated with result accuracy.  

 Movement coordination as a measure of togetherness in improvised dance duets   
   
 Zubek, Julian | ; 
  ≈Åucznik, Klara 
    
 The study focuses on the mechanisms through which dance brings people together. We recorded 7 improvised dance duets and asked 5 skilled improvisers to rate the perceived togetherness in the recorded dances. Subsequently, we employed pose tracking techniques and developed a quantitative measure of the stability of interpersonal movement coordination between dancers, demonstrating that it strongly correlates with experts' togetherness ratings. Based on follow-up interviews, we revealed that experts' understanding of togetherness converges to a stable construct, involving a state of responsive, mindful attention. This construct can be grounded in the objective properties of movement coordination. These properties can be framed within the context of dynamical systems, suggesting potential systemic organization principles, such as moment-to-moment adaptation, that promote togetherness. Our mixed-methods research has implications for various fields, including psychology, cognitive science, and art studies.  

 Hybrid-Similarity Exemplar Model of Context-Dependent Memorability   
   
 Nosofsky, Robert | ; 
  Osth, Adam 
    
 We conduct tests of a hybrid-similarity exemplar model on its ability to account for the context-dependent memorability of items embedded in high-dimensional category spaces. According to the model, recognition judgments are based on the summed similarity of test items to studied exemplars. The model allows for the idea that ‚Äúself-similarity‚Äù among objects differs due to matching on highly salient distinctive features. Participants viewed a study list of rock images belonging to geologically defined categories where the number of studied items from each category was manipulated, and their old-new recognition performance was then tested. With a minimum of parameter estimation, the model provided good accounts of changing levels of memorability due to contextual effects of category size, within- and between-category similarity, and the presence of distinctive features. We discuss future directions for improving upon the current predictions from the model.  

 Children Expect People to Accurately Represent the Minds of Their Close Social Partners   
   
 Woo, Brandon Matthew | ; 
  Yu, Emma | ; 
  Thomas, Ashley J 
    
 Do children reason that people in close relationships accurately represent each other's minds? In two experiments (total N = 123), we found that 7- to 9-year-old children from the US (i) reason that people who are close will accurately represent each other's goals and desires and (ii) infer that people are socially close when they accurately predict each other's emotional states. These findings suggest that children reason flexibly about mental state attributions within close relationships.  

 Construal Level Theory: Testing the Association of Abstraction Level and Object Distance with Experimentally Induced Distances   
   
 Bausenhart, Karin M. | ; 
  Kluvich, Satu | ; 
  Ulrich, Rolf | ; 
  Kaup, Barbara 
    
 Construal Level Theory (CLT) suggests that we represent objects close to us in a concrete and modal fashion, and that representations become more abstract and amodal with increasing distance from ourselves. Evidence for such an association of abstraction level and distance comes from the Implicit Association Test (IAT), where participants are faster when pressing one key for ‚Äúnear‚Äù and ‚Äúconcrete‚Äù and another key for ‚Äúfar‚Äù and ‚Äúabstract‚Äù targets (congruent), than when ‚Äúnear‚Äù is paired with ‚Äúabstract‚Äù and ‚Äúfar‚Äù with ‚Äúconcrete‚Äù (incongruent). However, previous experiments might have confounded distance and abstraction by employing inherently near and far targets (e.g., CHAIR vs. SUN) that might also differ in their abstractness. Here, we thus experimentally induced different distances in a learning phase before a subsequent IAT task. Even with this controlled distance manipulation, a pronounced congruency effect emerged, providing further support for an association of distance and abstraction level as suggested by CLT.  

 Pink noise in speakers' semantic synchrony dynamics as a metric of conversation quality   
   
 O'Nell, Kathryn | ; 
  Finn, Emily S. 
    
 Dyadic social interaction is a complex coordination task involving a large number of interconnected variables. Previous research has shown that metastability -- persistence for an extended, but impermanent, period of time in a non-stable state of a system -- can be a useful lens for understanding what makes an interaction successful. However, this framework has thus far only been applied to para-conversational signals like heart rate and prosody -- not to the semantic content of a conversation. Here, we present pink noise analysis of semantic trajectories as a metric for conversational success and apply this technique to a large open conversation dataset. Our results demonstrate that pink noise in a conversation predicts a host of variables representing participants' perception of conversation quality. These results have implications for optimizing a whole host of difficult dyadic conversations -- like those between political partisans -- and human-computer interactions, with applications for improving large language models' adaptability.  

 A Rational Model of Vigilance in Motivated Communication   
   
 Oktar, Kerem | ; 
  Sumers, Ted | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 We are able to learn from others through a combination of trust and vigilance: we trust and believe people who are reliable and have our interests at heart; we ignore those who are incompetent or self-interested. While past work has studied how others' competence influences social learning, relatively little attention has been paid to how others' motivations influence such processes. To address this gap, we develop a Bayesian model of vigilance that considers the speaker's instrumental self-interest, and test predictions of this model through an experiment. In accordance with our model, participants become more vigilant when informants stand to benefit from influencing their actions. When perceived self-interest is maximal, testimony can be discounted wholesale, rendering middle ground increasingly difficult, if not impossible, to find. Our results have implications for research on polarization, misinformation, and disagreement.  

 Do as I explain: Explanations communicate optimal interventions   
   
 Kirfel, Lara | ; 
  Harding, Jacqueline | ; 
  Shin, Jeong Yeon | ; 
  Xin, Cindy | ; 
  Icard, Thomas | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
    
 People often select only a few events when explaining what happened. What drives people's explanation selection? Prior research argued that people's explanation choices are affected by event normality and causal structure. Here, we propose a new model of these existing findings and test its predictions in a novel experiment. The model predicts that speakers value accuracy and relevance. They choose explanations that are true, and that communicate useful information to the listener. We test the model's predictions empirically by manipulating what goals a listener has and what actions they can take. Across twelve experimental conditions, we find that our model accurately predicts that people like to choose explanations that communicate optimal interventions  

 Towards a computational model of responsibility judgments in sequential human-AI collaboration   
   
 Tsirtsis, Stratis | ; 
  Gomez Rodriguez, Manuel | ; 
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
    
 When a human and an AI agent collaborate to complete a task and something goes wrong, who is responsible? Prior work has developed theories to describe how people assign responsibility to individuals in teams. However, there has been little work studying the cognitive processes that underlie responsibility judgments in human-AI collaborations, especially for tasks comprising a sequence of interdependent actions. In this work, we take a step towards filling this gap. Using semi-autonomous driving as a paradigm, we develop an environment that simulates stylized cases of human-AI collaboration using a generative model of agent behavior. We propose a model of responsibility that considers how unexpected an agent's action was, and what would have happened had they acted differently. We test the model's predictions empirically and find that in addition to action expectations and counterfactual considerations, participants' responsibility judgments are also affected by how much each agent actually contributed to the outcome.  

 Predicting graded dishabituation in a rational learning model using perceptual stimulus embeddings   
   
 Cao, Anjie | ; 
  Raz, Gal | ; 
  Saxe, Rebecca | ; 
  Frank, Michael C. 
    
 How do humans decide what to look at and when to stop looking? The Rational Action, Noisy Choice for Habituation (RANCH) model formulates looking behaviors as a rational information acquisition process. RANCH instantiates a hypothesis about the perceptual encoding process using a neural network-derived embedding space, which allows it to operate on raw images. In this paper, we show that the model not only captures key looking time patterns such as habituation and dishabituation, but also makes fine-grained, out-of-sample predictions about magnitudes of dishabituation to previously unseen stimuli. We validated those predictions experimentally with a self-paced looking time task in adults (N = 468). We also show that model fits are robust across parameters, but that assumptions about the perceptual encoding process, the learning process and the decision process are all critical for predicting human performance.  

 Challenging the control-of-variables strategy: How confounded comparisons can support children's science learning   
   
 Lörch, Lucas | ; 
  Bonawitz, Elizabeth | ; 
  Brod, Garvin 
    
 The control-of-variables strategy is often considered to be the superior strategy when children learn from experiments. However, by simulating Bayesian likelihoods of outcomes from a water displacement task, we show that certain confounded comparisons may support belief revision better than controlled comparisons. We tested this assumption by experimentally varying the types of comparisons that participants observed in a learning task involving balls of different sizes and materials (N = 90, age range 6- to 9-yrs). In the Size, Material, and Mixed conditions we presented controlled comparisons. In the Confounded Incongruent Condition, we presented confounded comparisons in which the larger ball was made of the heavier material. In line with our hypotheses, children in the Confounded Incongruent Condition revised their beliefs more than children in the other conditions, as indicated by higher transfer test scores. These findings suggest that confounded comparisons may in fact sometimes provide more optimal information for learning.  

 Metaphors in music performance: from semantics and motor performance to expressive communication   
   
 Schaefer, Rebecca | ; 
  Verhoef, Tessa 
    
 Metaphors are often used to intuitively communicate about movement. Here, expert pianists played two melodies while keeping eight different metaphors in mind, contrasting arousal level, valence direction, and metaphor type (action-related and emotion-related metaphors). Measures of keystroke timing and velocity were analyzed to assess the relative contribution of metaphor content and melodic note sequence to motor performance, alongside ratings of semantic similarity between metaphors. Using Bayesian multilevel models, results indicate that the arousal level of the metaphor has the most influence on keystroke force, average tempo, and tempo variability. Additionally, interactions with valence are seen for the timing measures, and for both valence and type in force. No effects of the melody sequence were found. Similarity ratings of metaphor pairs indicate that mental similarities largely mirror performance similarities. These findings show the potential effects of mental imagery on motor performance and have implications for teaching complex movements in practical settings.  

 Does reading words help you to read minds? A comparison of humans and LLMs at a recursive mindreading task   
   
 Jones, Cameron R | ; 
  Trott, Sean | ; 
  Bergen, Benjamin 
    
 There is considerable debate about the origin, mechanism, and extent of humans' capacity for recursive mindreading: the ability to represent beliefs about beliefs about beliefs (and so on). Here we quantify the extent to which language exposure could support this ability, using a Large Language Model (LLM) as an operationalization of distributional language knowledge. We replicate and extend O'Grady, et al. (2015)'s finding that humans can mindread up to 7 levels of embedding using both their original method and a stricter measure. In Experiment 2, we find that GPT-3, an LLM, performs comparably to humans up to 4 levels of embedding, but falters on higher levels, despite being near ceiling on 7th-order non-mental control questions. The results suggest that distributional information (and the transformer architecture in particular) can be used to track complex recursive concepts (including mental states), but that human mentalizing likely draws on resources beyond distributional likelihood.  

 Exploring the evolutionary dynamics of sound symbolism   
   
 Cathcart, Chundra | ; 
  Jäger, Gerhard 
    
 This paper uses phylogenetic modeling to investigate the evolutionary mechanisms responsible for the maintenance of sound symbolism in the world's languages. Applying our model to sound-meaning correspondences reported in the literature, we find that many previously established associations are weaker than expected when analyzed using our framework. This is possibly because certain sound-meaning associations are artifacts of slow-changing vocabulary items rather than specific preferences for certain sounds in words with certain meanings. For sound-meaning associations for which we find evidence, the maintenance of sound symbolism appears to be due to a tendency to preserve words in certain meanings if certain sounds are present.  

 Dynamics of Causal Attribution   
   
 Kulzhabayeva, Dana | ; 
  Williams, Joseph Jay | ; 
  Danks, David 
    
 Attribution theory aims to explain people's judgments about the cause of some behavior or outcome, often involving other people. The theory has proven to be broadly applicable and points towards important aspects of human cognition. This relevance is perhaps unsurprising given that attribution theory is a type of causal inference. However, there has been relatively little work on attribution theory in relation to causal learning. More specifically, previous literature has mostly examined attributions and their behavioral and motivational outcomes following a single observation, rather than capturing the dynamics of causal attribution (i.e., how those judgments shift as people observe more vignettes and thereby learn about the situation). We thus ran an exploratory study using a vignette design to investigate whether attributions and their outcomes change across multiple instances of observation and behavior adaptation.  

 Children and Adults Consider Others' Resources When Inferring Their Emotions   
   
 Doan, Tiffany | ; 
  Wu, Yang 
    
 The amount of resources someone has can influence their emotional responses to events. Two preregistered experiments investigated whether adults and children consider others' resource quantities when inferring their emotions. Sixty adults (Experiment 1) and 135 8-10-year-olds (Experiment 2) saw stories about people wanting an item but differing in the number of items they have enough money to buy (ranging from 1 to 5). Participants rated how these people felt both when buying the item and when losing it. Both adults and children judged that the fewer resources someone has, the sadder they felt when the item was lost, and the bigger emotional change they experienced (relative to when buying the item). Adults also judged that the impact of resource scarcity on emotion was most significant when the person had depleted all their resources, as opposed to still retaining some to influence the negative outcome, and this pattern is emerging in children. These findings suggest that even when the same negative event occurs, adults and children as young as 8 consider others' available resources when inferring their emotional responses to the event.  

 Dynamic Processes of Learning Words from Context   
   
 Unger, Layla | ; 
  Sloutsky, Vladimir 
    
 Often the only source of information for learning a word is its surrounding language context. For example, even without seeing a rambutan, one can learn that it is a fruit just from hearing ‚ÄúI like sweet, juicy rambutans‚Äù. What processes foster learning words from context? We investigated candidate processes that can unfold when the context precedes a new word and can foster learning via prediction, versus when the context occurs after and can only be used retroactively. We particularly sought to illuminate a role for working memory in linking a new word to the meaning implied by its context. Experiment 1 probed word learning during reading with eye tracking, and Experiment 2 probed word learning from speech. We found convergent evidence that regardless of whether the context precedes or follows a new word, word learning depends on maintaining the context in working memory while linking it to a new word.  

 Modeling cue re-weighting in dimension-based statistical learning   
   
 Lu, Yiming | ; 
  Xie, Xin 
    
 Speech perception requires inferring category membership from varied acoustic cues, with listeners adeptly adjusting cue utilization upon encountering novel speech inputs. This adaptivity has been examined through the dimension-based statistical learning (DBSL) paradigm, which reveals that listeners can quickly de-emphasize secondary cues when cue correlations deviate from long-term expectations, resulting in cue-reweighting. Although multiple accounts of cue-reweighting have been proposed, direct comparisons of these accounts against human perceptual data are scarce. This study evaluates three computational models‚Äìcue normalization, Bayesian ideal adaptor, and error-driven learning‚Äìagainst classic DBSL findings to elucidate how cue reweighting supports adaptation to new speech patterns. These models differ in how they map cues onto categories for categorization and in how recent exposure to atypical input patterns influences this mapping. Our results show that both the error-driven learning and ideal adaptor models effectively capture the key patterns of cue-reweighting phenomena, whereas prelinguistic cue normalization does not. This comparison not only highlights the models' relative efficacy but also advances our understanding of the dynamic processes underlying speech perception adaptation.  

 An Agent-Based Model of Foraging in Semantic Memory   
   
 Morales, Diego | ; 
  Canessa, Enrique | ; 
  Chaigneau, Sergio E. 
    
 An agent-based model for semantic search and retrieval in memory is proposed. The model seeks to generate verbal fluency lists with properties similar to those generated by humans in the semantic fluency task. This model is compared to a random walk in a semantic network in its ability to adjust to the results of 141 undergraduate students in the semantic fluency task in eight different outcomes. We found that the agent-based model fits participants' results better than the random walk model. The results were consistent with optimal foraging theories, and the distributions of the total number of words, similarities, and frequency values were similar to those generated by participants. The potential uses of this model as a virtual environment to experiment with the search and retrieval process in semantic memory are discussed.  

 Recovering Mental Representations from Large Language Models with Markov Chain Monte Carlo   
   
 Zhu, Jian-Qiao | ; 
  Yan, Haijiang | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom 
    
 Simulating sampling algorithms with people has proven a useful method for efficiently probing and understanding their mental representations. We propose that the same methods can be used to study the representations of Large Language Models (LLMs). While one can always directly prompt either humans or LLMs to disclose their mental representations introspectively, we show that increased efficiency can be achieved by using LLMs as elements of a sampling algorithm. We explore the extent to which we recover human-like representations when LLMs are interrogated with Direct Sampling and Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC). We found a significant increase in efficiency and performance using adaptive sampling algorithms based on MCMC. We also highlight the potential of our method to yield a more general method of conducting Bayesian inference with LLMs.  

 Representations as Language: An Information-Theoretic Framework for Interpretability   
   
 Conklin, Henry | ; 
  Smith, Kenny 
    
 Large scale neural models show impressive performance across a wide array of linguistic tasks. Despite this they remain, largely, black-boxes - learning vector-representations of their input that prove difficult to interpret. This limits our ability to understand what they learn, and when the learn it, or characterise why they often fail to generalise systematically. To address this we introduce a novel approach to interpretability that looks at the mapping a model learns from sentences to representations as a kind of language in its own right. In doing so we introduce a set of information-theoretic measures that quantify how structured a model's representations are with respect to its input, and when during training that structure arises. Our measures are fast to compute, grounded in linguistic theory, and can predict which models will generalise best based on their representations. We use these measures to describe two distinct phases of training a transformer: an initial phase of in-distribution learning which reduces task loss, then a second stage where representations becoming robust to noise. Generalisation performance begins to increase during this second phase, drawing a link between generalisation and robustness to noise. Finally we look at how model size affects the structure of the representational space, showing that larger models ultimately compress their representations more than their smaller counterparts.  

 Reuse and Remixing in Question Asking Across Development   
   
 Liquin, Emily G | ; 
  Rhodes, Marjorie | ; 
  Gureckis, Todd M 
    
 Question asking is a key tool for learning, especially in childhood. However, formulating good questions is challenging. In any given situation, many questions are possible but only few are informative. In the present work, we investigate two ways 5- to 10-year-olds and adults simplify the challenge of formulating questions: by reusing previous questions, and by remixing components of previous questions to form new questions. Our experimental results suggest that children and adults reuse and remix questions and adaptively modulate reuse depending on how informative a question will be in a particular situation. This work shows that task-relevant experience asking questions provides fodder for future questions, simplifying the challenge of inquiry and enabling effective learning.  

 The effect of diversity on group decision-making   
   
 Karadzhov, Georgi Milev | ; 
  Vlachos, Andreas | ; 
  Stafford, Tom 
    
 We explore different aspects of cognitive diversity and its effect on the success of group deliberation. To evaluate this, we use 500 dialogues from small, online groups discussing the Wason Card Selection task - the DeliData corpus. Leveraging the corpus, we perform quantitative analysis evaluating three different measures of cognitive diversity. First, we analyse the effect of group size as a proxy measure for diversity. Second, we evaluate the effect of the size of the initial idea pool. Finally, we look into the content of the discussion by analysing discussed solutions, discussion patterns, and how conversational probing can improve those characteristics. Despite the reputation of groups for compounding bias, we show that small groups can, through dialogue, overcome intuitive biases and improve individual decision-making. Across a large sample and different operationalisations, we consistently find that greater cognitive diversity is associated with more successful group deliberation. Code and data used for the analysis are available in the repository: https://github.com/gkaradzhov/cognitive-diversity-groups-cogsci24  

 Episodic memory supports the acquisition of structured task representations   
   
 Lu, Qihong | ; 
  Hummos, Ali | ; 
  Norman, Kenneth 
    
 Generalization to new tasks requires learning of task representations that accurately reflect the similarity structure of the task space. Here, we argue that episodic memory (EM) plays an essential role in this process by stabilizing task representations, thereby supporting the accumulation of structured knowledge. We demonstrate this using a neural network model that infers task representations that minimize the current task's objective function; crucially, the model can retrieve previously encoded task representations from EM and use these to initialize the task inference process. With EM, the model succeeds in learning the underlying task structure; without EM, task representations drift and the network fails to learn the structure. We further show that EM errors can support structure learning by promoting the activation of similar task representations in tasks with similar sensory inputs. Overall, this model provides a novel account of how EM supports the acquisition of structured task representations.  

 Value Internalization: Learning and Generalizing from Social Reward   
   
 Rong, Frieda | ; 
  Kleiman-Weiner, Max 
    
 Social rewards shape human behavior. During development, a caregiver guides a learner's behavior towards culturally aligned goals and values. How do these behaviors persist and generalize when the caregiver is no longer present, and the learner must continue autonomously? Here, we propose a model of value internalization where social feedback trains an internal social reward (ISR) model that generates internal rewards when social rewards are unavailable. Through empirical simulations, we show that an ISR model prevents agents from unlearning socialized behaviors and enables generalization in out-of-distribution tasks. Incomplete internalization, akin to "reward hacking" on the ISR, is observed when the model is undertrained. Finally, we show that our model internalizes prosocial behavior in a multi-agent environment. Our work provides a framework for understanding how humans acquire and generalize values and offers insights for aligning AI with human values.  

 Adaptation to Speakers is modulated by working memory updating and theory of mind -- a study investigating humor comprehension   
   
 Loy, Jia | ; 
  Demberg, Vera 
    
 When humans communicate, they typically adapt to their conversational partner in how they speak, and in how they interpret what the conversational partner says. In the area of pragmatic language comprehension, there is so far little work that has studied the individual differences between listeners with respect to adapting to a given speaker. We investigated which individual cognitive factors correlate with listener's ability to associate speakers with humorous utterances. We found that working memory updating (as measured by the Keeping Track Task) was a significant predictor of adaptation to the speaker. These findings are in line with a recent related study (Schuster et al., 2023) which investigated speaker-specific adaptation to the use of uncertainty expressions. We furthermore observe a correlation between speaker adaptation and the Faux Pas Test. This task is used for measuring theory of mind abilities and is believed to specifically tap into intention recognition, an ability which is also very relevant to joke comprehension.  

 Estimating Type of Print Exposure across Aging through Author Production   
   
 Qiu, Mengyang | ; 
  Castro, Nichol | ; 
  Johns, Brendan 
    
 This study introduces a novel approach for quantifying individual differences in print exposure through the integration of distributional semantics with the Author Production Test (APT). By employing the Universal Sentence Encoder to generate vector representations of authors from their works, we constructed 'participant vectors' reflecting the aggregated author vectors individuals produced in the APT and 'genre vectors' capturing the representative characteristics of each literary genre. By analyzing the cosine similarities between participant and genre vectors, we objectively estimated individuals' genre preferences. The results demonstrated a significant correlation between these objective measures and self-reported genre preferences, particularly for older frequent readers, highlighting the method's effectiveness. Our findings offer a promising avenue for the objective measurement of print exposure, with potential implications for developing personalized models of lexical behavior.  

 The role of counterfactual visibility in inference about absence   
   
 Mazor, Matan | ; 
  Moran, Rani | ; 
  Press, Clare 
    
 We provide a generalized, normative model of visual detection that accounts for key asymmetries between decisions about presence and about absence. In our model, decisions about presence are made based on the visibility of presented stimuli, but decisions about absence are made based on counterfactual visibility: beliefs about the degree to which a stimulus would have been visible if present. Behavioral patterns in visual detection experiments under different levels of partial occlusion validate key model predictions. Specifically, we find that unlike decisions about presence, the confidence and speed of decisions about absence are largely independent of perceptual evidence, but are sensitive to the counterfactual visibility of absent stimuli. Finally, we reveal robust individual differences in counterfactual perception, with some participants systematically incorporating counterfactual visibility into perceptual decisions in a different fashion from others. We discuss implications for the varied and inferential nature of visual perception more broadly.  

 Constitutive and Contingent Kinds: Relations between kind, form, and identity   
   
 Noyes, Alexander | ; 
  Ritchie, Katherine | ; 
  Rhodes, Marjorie 
    
 We propose that kinds relate to particular things either constitutively or contingently. Taxonomic categories of animals and artifacts constitutively relate their members: DOG and CAR group things by aspects of the forms of their matter; the forms that make them things instead of stuff. Categories of things in roles or with diseases contingently relate to their members: LAWYER and DIABETIC group things by forms other than the forms that make them things. We confirm this distinction in five experiments with American adults.  

 Functional Rule Inference from Causal Selection Explanations   
   
 Navarre, Nicolas | ; 
  Konuk, Can | ; 
  Bramley, Neil R. | ; 
  Mascarenhas, Salvador 
    
 Building on counterfactual theories of causal-selection, according to which humans intuitively evaluate the causal responsibility of events, we developed an experimental paradigm to examine the effect of causal-selection explanations on abductive causal inference. In our experiment, participants attempted to infer the rule responsible for winning outcomes of random draws from urns with varying sampling probabilities. Participants who were provided with causal-selection judgments as explanations for the outcomes made significantly closer inferences to the rule than those relying on observations alone, or on other explanations of causal relevance. We mirror these empirical results with a computational model of inference from explanation leveraging the theories of causal selection.  

 Using Gibbs Sampling with People to characterize perceptual and aesthetic evaluations in multidimensional visual stimulus space   
   
 Van Geert, Eline | ; 
  Jacoby, Nori 
    
 Aesthetic appreciation is inherently multidimensional: many different stimulus dimensions (e.g., colors, shapes, sizes) contribute to our aesthetic experience. However, most studies in empirical aesthetics used either non-parametrically controlled multidimensional or parametrically controlled unidimensional stimuli, preventing insight into the relative contribution of each stimulus dimension or any potential interactions between them to perceptual and aesthetic evaluations. To adress this gap we combined two recent developments: the Order & Complexity Toolbox for Aesthetics (Van Geert, Bossens, & Wagemans, 2023) for generating multidimensional parametrically controlled stimuli, and Gibbs Sampling with People (Harrison et al., 2020) for efficiently characterizing subjective evaluations in multidimensional stimulus space. We show the advantages of this new approach by estimating multidimensional probability distributions for both aesthetic (pleasure and interest) and perceptual evaluations (order and complexity) in two visual multidimensional parametric stimulus spaces, and we compare our results with findings from earlier studies that used either non-parametric or unidimensional stimuli.  

 Information Locality in the Processing of Classifier-Noun Dependencies in Mandarin Chinese   
   
 Hao, Hailin | ; 
  Yang, Yang | ; 
  Hahn, Michael 
    
 In this paper, we report three reading time (RT) experiments (one using self-paced reading and two using A-Maze) that tested the cognitive mechanisms underlying the processing of classifier-noun dependencies in Mandarin Chinese (MC). We leveraged prenominal relative clauses and the contrast between general and specific classifiers in MC, which offered a good testing ground for existing theories of sentence processing. Results from the A-Maze experiments showed both locality and expectation effects. More importantly, we observed an interaction between locality and expectation in the way of Information Locality (Futrell, 2019; Futrell, Gibson, & Levy, 2020): Expectation-driven facilitation was highly constrained by locality effects. To capture the results, we implemented a resource-rational Lossy-Context Surprisal model (Hahn et al., 2022) for MC, which successfully replicated the key patterns in the A-Maze experiments.  

 Shared context and lexical alignment: an experimental investigation   
   
 Mudd, Katie | ; 
  Schouwstra, Marieke 
    
 What drives lexical alignment in the context of language emergence? We test the theory that limited context promotes alignment, because individuals cannot make use of iconic mappings between shared meanings and forms. Using a novel referential communication paradigm where participants use pre-recorded gesture videos to communicate, we test different context conditions. We find, unexpectedly, no alignment differences between dyads with shared context and dyads with limited context, even though the former have fewer communicative errors. Importantly, we do observe differences when it comes to the iconic strategies used: less shared context promotes the use of (shared) visual iconicity.  

 Beyond Mediator Retrievals: Charting the Path by Which Errors Lead to Better Memory Consolidation   
   
 Leonard, Bridget | ; 
  hake, holly | ; 
  Stocco, Andrea 
    
 Expanding on previous research highlighting the learning benefits of errors, this study explores the enduring effects of error-induced learning. Using an adaptive fact-learning system, 23 participants engaged in recognition, recall, and error tasks, with repeated testing for memory assessment. Initial findings echoed previous results: items learned through errors initially took longer to retrieve. However, a significant shift occurred over time; error items demonstrated faster retrieval speeds compared to study items, and, most notably, they exhibited greater resilience against forgetting. This study reaffirms the positive role of errors in learning and uncovers their contribution to enhanced long-term memory retention. These insights challenge traditional learning paradigms, advocating for an educational approach that recognizes and leverages the value of errors in learning processes.  

 Can Generative Multimodal Models Count to Ten?   
   
 Rane, Sunayana | ; 
  Ku, Alexander | ; 
  Baldridge, Jason | ; 
  Tenney, Ian | ; 
  Griffiths, Tom | ; 
  Kim, Been 
    
 The creation of sophisticated AI systems that are able to process and produce images and text creates new challenges in assessing the capabilities of those systems. We adapt a behavioral paradigm from developmental psychology to characterize the counting ability of a model that generates images from text. We show that three model scales of the Parti model (350m, 3B, and 20B parameters respectively) each have some counting ability, with a significant jump in performance between the 350m and 3B model scales. We also demonstrate that it is possible to interfere with these models' counting ability simply by incorporating unusual descriptive adjectives for the objects being counted into the text prompt. We analyze our results in the context of the knower-level theory of child number learning. Our results show that we can gain experimental intuition for how to probe model behavior by drawing from a rich literature of behavioral experiments on humans, and, perhaps most importantly, by adapting human developmental benchmarking paradigms to AI models, we can characterize and understand their behavior with respect to our own.  

 Predicting the Unexpected - Analysis and Modeling of the Denial of Expectation   
   
 Walch, Marie Christin 
    
 This paper explores the use of linguistic strategies, specifically discourse markers like 'but', to express contrasts between expectations and reality when faced with unexpected events. The study concentrates on Denial of Expectation (DofE), the most powerful form of contrast, which arises when the expected value based on background assumptions is not met. The main focus of this paper is to model DofE as a weighted homogeneous relationship between object properties. The aim is to predict DofE for numerical properties in specific contexts. I aim to address a gap in previous models by considering the role of context. This is achieved by analyzing contrastive sentences from German car and motorcycle reviews. The research presents the concept of expectation intervals for scalar properties. These intervals align with expectations and exceeding them triggers a potential contrast. The study incorporates causality, expected behavior, and a shift function in selecting contrastive pairs, transforming the conditions into an algorithm. Keywords: contrast; computational and cognitive modeling; discourse analysis  

 Issues of Generalization from Unreliable or Unrepresentative Psycholinguistic Stimuli: A Case Study on Lexical Ambiguity   
   
 Li, Jiangtian | ; 
  Armstrong, Blair C. 
    
 We conducted a case study on how unreliable and/or unrepresentative stimuli in psycholinguistics research may impact the generalizability of experimental findings. Using the domain of lexical ambiguity as a foil, we analyzed 2033 unique words (6481 tokens) from 214 studies. Specifically, we examined how often studies agreed on the ambiguity types assigned to a word (i.e., homonymy, polysemy, and monosemy), and how well the words represented the populations underlying each ambiguity type. We observed far from perfect agreement in terms of how words are assigned to ambiguity types. We also observed that coverage of the populations is relatively poor and biased, leading to the use of a narrower set of words and associated properties. This raises concerns about the degree to which prior theoretical claims have strong empirical support, and offers targeted directions to improve research practices that are relevant to a broad set of domains.  

 Are the most frequent words the most useful? Investigating core vocabulary in reading   
   
 Wang, Andrew | ; 
  De Deyne, Simon | ; 
  McKague, Meredith | ; 
  Perfors, Andrew 
    
 High-frequency words are often assumed to be the most useful words for communication, as they provide the greatest coverage of texts. However, the relationship between text coverage and comprehension may not be straightforward -- some words may provide more information than others. In this study, we explore alternative methods of defining core vocabulary in addition to word frequency (e.g., words that are central hubs in semantic association networks). We report on the results of an empirical test of communicative utility using a text-based guessing game. We show that core words that reflect corpus-based distributional statistics (like frequency or co-occurrence centrality) were less useful for communication than others. This was evident both in terms of the size of the vocabulary that must be known and the proportion of the text that must be covered for successful communication.  

 Developing Irrational Confidence? Metacognition in Probabilistic Decisions with Multiple Alternatives   
   
 MacColl, Cate | ; 
  Sewell, David K | ; 
  Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 Prevailing theories propose that confidence in two-alternative forced-choice decisions is based on the probability that the selected option is correct. However, recent findings from three-alternative tasks suggest that adults' confidence might irrationally reflect the difference between the probabilities of the best and next-best options only, with other options disregarded. Using a novel probability task (in which participants guess the colour of a ball to be randomly selected from varying distributions) and a uniquely sensitive confidence measure, we investigated metacognition in multi-option decision making in children (N = 97, aged 6-9-years) and adults (N = 51). Contrary to previous findings, children's and adults' confidence was primarily explained by the probability of the best option. However, preliminary findings suggest that among older children and adults, additional irrelevant factors also accounted for unique variance in confidence. In some contexts, human confidence might be initially calibrated rationally but increasingly reflect irrational factors over development.  

 An Investigation of Children's Reasoning about Data Transfers   
   
 Amoyaw, Breanna | ; 
  Nancekivell, Shaylene E 
    
 When children use online apps, they often share personal information, such as their name, address, and birthday. In the present study, we investigated the mental models children use to reason about what apps are allowed to do with personal data after it has been willingly shared with an app. 57 children ages 8- to 11-years-old were read a story in which they were asked to judge whether an online game (app) was allowed or not allowed to perform four different actions: looking, saving, selling, and showing. We compared these judgments to a comparison condition where we asked children what users themselves should be allowed to do with their data. We found that children viewed the app as less permitted to act on the data than users as well as some further differences by action-type. Our findings suggest that children use something akin to a ‚Äúlending‚Äù model to conceptualize data transfers, in which apps have less rights than users despite the data being willingly transferred to the app. Our findings also suggest that children differentiate among the uses of information as children think certain actions by the app are less permissible than others (e.g., looking is more permissible than selling).  

 Learning and generalizing associations between social cues and outcomes   
   
 Plate, Rista C | ; 
  Perkins, Emily R. | ; 
  Waller, Rebecca | ; 
  Zettersten, Martin 
    
 To succeed in social situations, we must learn how social cues predict subsequent events. How do we quickly form associations between a variety of social cues, such as individuals signaling their current emotion state, and social outcomes? To address this question, we developed a task in which participants viewed images of individuals conveying different emotions and searched among these images to gain rewards. Rewards were associated with either individuals' identities or emotion cues. Across four experiments (N=720), individuals learned about rewards more efficiently from individual identity cues versus a wide variety of emotion cues. Participants also generalized cue-outcome associations more easily for individuals versus emotions. Learning was worse if participants experienced a change in the association rule, especially when switching from learning individual-based associations to emotion-based associations. Overall, we show that social cue type influences how associations between cues and rewards are learned, with implications for understanding learning in social contexts.  

 Analysing Communicative Intent Coordination in Child-Caregiver Interactions   
   
 Agrawal, Abhishek | ; 
  Favre, Benoit | ; 
  Fourtassi, Abdellah 
    
 Social interaction plays a key role in children's development of language structure and use. In particular, children must successfully navigate the complex task of coordinating their communicative intents with people around them in early conversations. This study leveraged advanced NLP techniques to analyze a large corpus of child-caregiver conversations in the wild, combining methods for communicative intent inference and for turn contingency evaluation. Key findings include the prevalence of classic adjacency pairs like question-response; caregivers initiated the overwhelming majority of these sequences. We also document new developmental shifts in intent expression and an interesting dissociation between frequency vs. well-coordinated use across the early years of development. This framework offers a new approach to studying language development in its naturalistic, social context.  

 The rationality of inferring causation from correlational language   
   
 Lassiter, Daniel | ; 
  Franke, Michael 
    
 Recent work shows that participants make asymmetric causal inferences from apparently symmetric correlational statements (e.g., ‚ÄúA is associated with B‚Äù). Can we make sense of this behavior in terms of rational language use? Experiment 1 investigates these interpretive preferences‚Äîwhat we call ‚ÄúPACE effects‚Äù‚Äîin light of theoretical and experimental pragmatics and psycholinguistics. We uncover several linguistic factors that influence them, suggesting that a pragmatic explanation is possible. Yet, since PACE effects do not show that correlational language leads to causal implicatures strong enough to influence action choice in practical decision contexts, Experiment 2 offers new evidence from an experiment that explicitly compares the effects of causal vs. correlational claims on decision-making. Our results suggest that causal inferences from correlation language are an intricate, but possibly  

 The effect of meaning-related cues on pronoun resolution in Dutch   
   
 Hoek, Jet | ; 
  Wilke, Hans 
    
 Pronoun interpretation seems to be driven by structural factors, but also by factors related to meaning. In a forced-choice pronoun interpretation experiment, we compare the impact of the next-mention bias associated with transfer-of-possession-verbs on the interpretation of three Dutch pronominal forms that differ in the strength of their structural biases: reduced personal pronoun ze ‚Äòshe_reduced ', full personal pronoun zij ‚Äòshe_full', and demonstrative pronoun die ‚Äòthat'. In addition to replicating the common Goal-bias associated with transfer-of-possession verbs, results show significant differences in the proportion of pronoun resolved to the preceding subject between all three pronominal forms. However, the effect of the next-mention manipulation did not differ between pronominal forms. These findings are in line with a model of pronoun interpretation that combines structural and meaning-related factors, and present particularly strong evidence against models that posit that pronoun interpretation is the mirror image of pronoun production.  

 Cognitive Factors in Word Sense Decline   
   
 Kali, Aniket | ; 
  Xu, Yang | ; 
  Stevenson, Suzanne 
    
 Word senses rise and fall due to a variety of causes. Previous research has explored how words grow novel senses, but the opposite problem of word sense decline is much less studied. Inspired by recent work on word decline, we investigate the cognitive factors that might explain the historical decline of word senses. We formalize a set of eight psycholinguistic predictors and assess their roles in discriminating declining senses from stable ones over the past two centuries in English. We find that semantic density, change in usage frequency in the semantic neighbourhood, and contextual diversity all predict word sense decline. Our study elucidates the cognitive underpinnings of word sense decline as the lexicon evolves.  

 Distributed statistical inference in social interaction networks   
   
 Zubak, Yuliya | ; 
  Dronavalli, Pranav | ; 
  Chuang, Yun-Shiuan | ; 
  Hawkins, Robert 
    
 Humans rely on our social networks to make more accurate inferences about the world. Yet it remains unclear how those inferences are shaped by the medium through which information is exchanged and beliefs are shared. In this paper, we report two experiments where participants (N=645) were asked to make inferences about an unknown probability distribution based on limited private observations. They exchanged messages with neighbors in a small social network and were asked to update their beliefs over repeated rounds. We compared three conditions: a unidirectional message medium, a constrained slider medium, and an interactive chat. All groups were able to converge toward more accurate inferences, but their convergence rates varied across conditions in ways not well-captured by common models. We argue that computational models of collective behavior must move beyond the assumption of direct belief transmission to capture the complexities of sharing information through natural language.  

 Child-Caregiver Gaze Dynamics in Naturalistic Face-to-Face Conversations   
   
 Goumri, Dhia Elhak | ; 
  Becerra-Bonache, Leonor | ; 
  Fourtassi, Abdellah 
    
 This study examines the development of children's gaze during face-to-face conversations, following up on previous work suggesting a protracted development in attending to the interlocutor's face. Using recent mobile eye-tracking technology, we observed children interacting with their parents at home in natural settings. In contrast to previous work, we found that children, even in early middle childhood, exhibit adult-like gaze patterns toward the interlocutor. However, differences emerge in gaze allocation between speaking and listening roles, indicating that while children may focus on faces similarly to adults, their use of gaze for social signaling, such as turn-taking cues, may still be maturing. The work underscores the critical role of social context in understanding the development of non-verbal behavior in face-to-face conversation.  

 Work Smarter...Not Harder: Efficient Minimization of Dependency Length in SOV Languages   
   
 Ranjan, Sidharth | ; 
  von der Malsburg, Titus 
    
 Dependency length minimization is a universally observed quantitative property of natural languages. However, the extent of dependency length minimization, and the cognitive mechanisms through which the language processor achieves this minimization remain unclear. This research offers mechanistic insights by postulating that moving a short preverbal constituent next to the main verb explains preverbal constituent ordering decisions better than global minimization of dependency length in SOV languages. This approach constitutes a least-effort strategy because it's just one operation but simultaneously reduces the length of all preverbal dependencies linked to the main verb. We corroborate this strategy using large-scale corpus evidence across all seven SOV languages that are prominently represented in the Universal Dependency Treebank. These findings align with the concept of bounded rationality, where decision-making is influenced by `quick-yet-economical' heuristics rather than exhaustive searches for optimal solutions. Overall, this work sheds light on the role of bounded rationality in linguistic decision-making and language evolution.  

 Shades of Zero: Distinguishing impossibility from inconceivability   
   
 Hu, Jennifer | ; 
  Sosa, Felix Anthony | ; 
  Ullman, Tomer D. 
    
 Eating onion ice cream is improbable, and levitating ice cream is impossible. But scooping ice cream using sadness is not just impossible: it is inconceivable. While prior work has examined the distinction between improbable and impossible events, there has been little empirical research on inconceivability. Here, we report a behavioral and computational study of inconceivability in three parts. First, we find that humans reliably categorize events as inconceivable, separate from probable, improbable, and impossible. Second, we find that we can decode the modal category of a sentence using language-model-derived estimates of subjective event probabilities. Third, we reproduce a recent finding that improbable events yield slowest response times in a possibility judgment task, and show that inconceivable events are faster to judge than impossible and improbable events. Overall, our results suggest that people distinguish the impossible from the inconceivable, and such distinctions may be based on graded rather than discrete judgments.  

 Simplifications made early in learning can reshape language complexity: an experimental test of the Linguistic Niche Hypothesis   
   
 Smith, Kenny 
    
 Languages spoken in larger populations seem to be relatively simple. One possible explanation is that this is a consequence of the simplifying influence of non-native speakers: adult learners tend to reduce complexity during learning, and large languages tend to have a higher proportion of non-native speakers. This Linguistic Niche Hypothesis, that languages adapt to their social niche, receives some statistical support from typological studies which show negative correlations between population size or number of non-native speakers and morphological complexity. Here I report an experimental test of this hypothesis, using two artificial language learning experiments to explore the impact of simplifications made by non-native-like early learners on morphological complexity. These experiments show that the presence of non-native-like early learners in a population can lead to the simplification of that language's morphology as a result of inter-generational language transmission, providing experimental support for the Linguistic Niche Hypothesis.  

 A coherence-based approach to moral trade-offs   
   
 Runagall-McNaull, Aidan | ; 
  Kashima, Yoshihisa | ; 
  Laham, Simon 
    
 The present research evaluates a coherence-based network approach to moral judgement. Under this view, judgement is an outcome of achieving coherence between a network of causally interacting beliefs. Consistent with this, despite similar initial views, participants re-evaluated their beliefs and attitudes in support of their judgement, driving polarisation between individuals reporting competing judgements. Different properties of the dynamic network structure determined metacognitive properties of judgement such as confidence and perceived task difficulty. Whilst the judgement formation process involves revising beliefs and values to achieve a coherent arrangement, the nature of the judgement reached depends on the aggregate weight of these beliefs once the revision process is completed.  

 Evidence Against Syntactic Encapsulation in Large Language Models   
   
 McGee, Thomas A. | ; 
  Blank, Idan A 
    
 Transformer large language models (LLMs) perform exceptionally well across a variety of linguistic tasks. These models represent relationships between words in a sentence via ‚Äúattention heads‚Äù, which assign weights between different words. Some attention heads automatically learn to ‚Äúspecialize‚Äù in identifying particular syntactic dependencies. Are syntactic computations in such heads encapsulated from non-syntactic information? Or are they penetrable to external information, like the human mind where information sources such as semantics influence parsing from the earliest moments? Here, we tested whether syntax-specialized attention heads in two LLMs (BERT, GPT-2) are modulated by the semantic plausibility of their preferred dependency. In 6 out of 7 cases, we found that implausible sentences reduce attention between words constituting a head's preferred dependency. Therefore, even in heads that are best candidates for syntactic encapsulation, syntax is penetrable to semantics. These data are broadly consistent with the integration of syntax and semantics in human minds.  

 A predictive learning model can simulate temporal dynamics and context effects found in neural representations of continuous speech   
   
 Liu, Oli Danyi | ; 
  Tang, Hao | ; 
  Feldman, Naomi H | ; 
  Goldwater, Sharon 
    
 Speech perception involves storing and integrating sequentially presented items. Recent work in cognitive neuroscience has identified temporal and contextual characteristics in humans' neural encoding of speech that may facilitate this temporal processing. In this study, we simulated similar analyses with representations extracted from a computational model that was trained on unlabelled speech with the learning objective of predicting upcoming acoustics. Our simulations revealed temporal dynamics similar to those in brain signals, implying that these properties can arise without linguistic knowledge. Another property shared between brains and the model is that the encoding patterns of phonemes support some degree of cross-context generalization. However, we found evidence that the effectiveness of these generalizations depends on the specific contexts, which suggests that this analysis alone is insufficient to support the presence of context-invariant encoding.  

 Naturalistic Reading Time Data Support Information Locality   
   
 Hao, Hailin | ; 
  Yadav, Himanshu | ; 
  Kaiser, Elsi 
    
 Both prediction and working memory constraints have been established as key factors in characterizing incremental sentence processing difficulty. Here we investigate the less explored question: Whether and how predictive expectation and working memory interact with each other using data from naturalistic reading time corpora. We provide broad-coverage evaluations of two hypotheses that make divergent predictions regarding the interaction of expectation and memory constraints: the Information Locality and Prediction Maintenance hypotheses. We first confirmed the predictions of both expectation- and working memory-based theories. Regarding their interactions, we find support the Information Locality hypothesis: Strong mutual predictability can enhance locality effects. We argue that future theory building in sentence processing should therefore take into consideration both prediction and memory constraints, as well as their potential interaction.  

 Neural decoding of words and morphosyntactic features within and across languages   
   
 Cho, Jeonghwa | ; 
  Brennan, Jonathan R. 
    
 This paper tests the similarity in neural responses across repeated words and morphosyntactic features both within and between two languages. Prior work using priming has revealed robust cross-linguistic lexical effects and effects for shared grammatical form, such as argument structure; these methods have been less successful when applied to morphosyntactic features. Combining machine-learning based neural decoding with EEG data collected from Korean-English bilinguals we, first, replicate prior work showing successful classification of lexical items from EEG signals. We then extend this to demonstrate successful classification of morphosyntactic features of number and tense. Finally, we find that EEG decoding in one language does not successfully generalize to another, even when temporal differences are considered. Taken together, these results point to stable EEG representations for lexical items and morphosyntactic features, but suggest that these representations are different between the two languages investigated here.  

 Optimal compression in human concept learning   
   
 Imel, Nathaniel | ; 
  Zaslavsky, Noga 
    
 The computational principles that underlie human concept learning have been debated in the literature for decades. Here, we formalize and test a new perspective that is grounded in rate-distortion theory (RDT), the mathematical theory of optimal (lossy) data compression, which has recently been gaining increasing popularity in cognitive science. More specifically, we characterize optimal conceptual systems as solutions to a special type of RDT problem, show how these optimal systems can generalize to unseen examples, and test their predictions for human behavior in three foundational concept-learning experiments. We find converging evidence that optimal compression may account for human concept learning. Our work also lends new insight into the relation between learnability and compressibility; integrates prototype, exemplar, and Bayesian approaches to human concepts within the RDT framework; and offers a potential theoretical link between concept learning and other cognitive functions that have been successfully characterized by efficient compression.  

 It's How You Teach, Not What You Teach: Preschoolers Prefer Coordinative Instruction from Informants   
   
 Chen, Yiqun | ; 
  Zhu, Liqi | ; 
  Wan, Yingjia 
    
 When children make decisions about whom to trust or learn from, they consider not only the informant's reliability but also the social bond. Previous research often assigned a social label to informants without investigating how the interactive dynamics between informants and children influence learning and trust. This study investigates 3- to 6-year-old children's preference towards informants who deliver instructions with or without coordination. In two experiments, children evaluated coordinative and non-coordinative informants on game-playing capability, willingness to engage with or learn from the informants, and selective trust in unrelated tasks. Children consistently preferred coordinative informants, perceiving them as more capable and trustworthy, over informants who demonstrated the information without coordinative turn-taking. This preference persisted across age groups, challenging previous notions about children's preference for information completeness. The findings highlight the prosocial effects of coordination, extending its influence beyond peer relationships to significantly impact selective trust when learning from knowledgeable individuals.  

 Listening to a Story or Creating One: Children's Performances and Brain Activity in Storytelling-Based Learning   
   
 Besser Ilan, Nina | ; 
  Shavit, Hadas | ; 
  kochavi, nofar | ; 
  Jaffe-Dax, Sagi 
    
 Children learn better through shared social experiences. Particularly, storytelling is a successful learning strategy that facilitates learning. These shared experiences are reflected in neural synchrony, which underlies predict understanding of the learned information. For adults, the scaffolding strategy, a shared social experience that involves active engagement rather than passive listening, has been shown to promote learning and has been linked with higher neural synchrony compared to passive learning. However, in the context of storytelling, it is unclear whether children will perform higher levels of neural synchrony as well as improved performances when they scaffold the learned information (tell a story about it) compared to when they passively listen. Here, we compare learning outcomes and neural basis of two learning strategies in young school-aged children in the context of storytelling.  

 People balance joint reward, fairness and complexity to develop social norms in a two-player game   
   
 Yu, Dhara | ; 
  Thompson, Bill 
    
 Social norms are a hallmark of human social intelligence, yet the reasoning processes involved in norm formation have been difficult to capture with traditional modeling frameworks. We developed a computational model of norm formation as joint planning via theory-of-mind. The model is designed to capture the distinctively human ability to flexibly develop more complex norms in more complex situations, via simulation of joint decision-making with other agents over an extended time horizon. We evaluated the predictions of the model against participant interactions in a 2-player iterated decision-making task. Across 3 conditions our model captured the way participants balanced joint reward, fairness, and complexity when forming norms.  

 Abstract Sentences elicit more Uncertainty and Curiosity than Concrete Sentences   
   
 Mazzuca, Claudia | ; 
  Villani, Caterina | ; 
  Lamarra, Tommaso | ; 
  Bolognesi, Marianna M | ; 
  Borghi, Anna 
    
 Are abstract sentences associated with specific constructs in dialogue, i.e., higher uncertainty, more curiosity and willingness to continue a conversation, and more causal questions? In three preregistered experiments we address these questions asking participants to evaluate the plausibility of linguistic exchanges referred to concrete and abstract concepts. Results support theories proposing that abstract concepts involve more inner monitoring and social dynamics compared to concrete concepts, and suggest that reaching alignment in dialogue is more effortful with abstract than with concrete concepts.  

 Remembered Futures and Anticipated Pasts: The Recursive Grammar of Mental Time Travel   
   
 Redshaw, Jonathan 
    
 One feature of mental time travel is the ability to recursively embed temporal perspectives across different times: humans can remember how we anticipated the future and anticipate how we will remember the past. This recursive structure might be formalised in terms of a ‚Äúgrammar‚Äù that is reflective of but more general than linguistic notions of absolute and relative tense. Here I provide a foundation for this grammatical framework, emphasising a bounded (rather than unbounded) role of recursion in supporting mental time travel to a limited temporal depth and to actual and possible scenarios. Anticipated counterfactual thinking, for instance, entails three levels of mental time travel to a possible scenario (‚Äúin the future I will reflect on how my past self could have taken a different future action‚Äù) and is implicated in complex human decision-making. This perspective calls for further research into the nature and origins of recursive mental time travel.  

 Interaction of polarity and truth value - A neural dynamic architecture of negation processing   
   
 Kati, Lea | ; 
  Sabinasz, Daniel | ; 
  Schöner, Gregor | ; 
  Kaup, Barbara 
    
 We propose a neural dynamic architecture that models negation processing. The architecture receives a visual scene and a relational phrase like ``The blue object is not to the right of the yellow object'' or ``The blue object is to the right of the green object'' as input, and autonomously determines whether the phrase correctly describes the visual scene. The model is built out of empirically founded components for perceptually grounded cognition and constrained by neural principles. We demonstrate that the model can explain two commonly found reaction time effects: the negation effect in which reaction times are higher for negated than for affirmative phrases, and the polarity-by-truth-value interaction effect in which reaction times for false negated phrases are faster than those for true negated phrases whereas the opposite is true for affirmative phrases. The model is consistent with some aspects of the two-step simulation theory.  

 Revisiting Joke Comprehension with Surprisal and Contextual Similarity: Implication from N400 and P600 Components   
   
 Xu, Haoyin | ; 
  Nakanishi, Masaki | ; 
  Coulson, Seana 
    
 Recent studies link surprisal ‚Äîa measure of conditional probability of words in context‚Äîto the N400 component size in event-related potentials (ERP), supporting a role for predictive coding in language comprehension. An alternative account argues that N400 variations are better explained by a retrieval mechanism sensitive to the semantic similarity between a word and its preceding context. Because jokes often rely on the presence of unexpected words that relate to the prior context multiple ways, they afford observation of the relative importance of contextual predictability and contextual similarity. We employed state-of-the-art machine learning to assess the surprisal and contextual semantic similarity of critical words in jokes and control stimuli. Using regression models to predict ERP, we found contextual similarity best explains N400 and P600 responses, supporting the semantic similarity account. Additionally, jokes elicit enhanced N400 and P600 responses that go beyond that attributable to their surprisal and contextual semantic similarity.  

 Rational Polarization: Sharing Only One's Best Evidence Can Lead to Group Polarization   
   
 Assaad, Leon | ; 
  Hahn, Ulrike 
    
 Contemporary formal models aim to capture group polarization as the result of deliberation between rational agents. Paradigmatic models do, however, rely on rather limited agents, casting doubt on the conclusion that group polarization can be rationally reconstructed. In this paper, we use a recently developed Bayesian agent-based model of deliberation to investigate this conclusion. This model avoids problems we identify in a group of influential Bayesian polarization models. Our case study shows that a simple mechanism produces realistic patterns of group polarization: limited exchange of evidence across a sparse social network. We reflect on what our results mean for our formal understanding of rational group polarization.  

 Pragmatic intrusion in probability judgment: The case of conditionals   
   
 Lassiter, Daniel | ; 
  Li, Chunan 
    
 Recent research has provided experimental support for a new ``Inferentialist'' theory of conditionals, challenging the Equation P(If A, C) = P(C | A) and theories that support it. The key evidence comes from probability judgments involving conditionals whose antecedent and consequent are relevant vs. irrelevant to each other. Expanding on recent experimental work, we argue that Inferentialism has difficulty explaining the data. However, theories that support The Equation theory are well-placed to account for the results once we recognize an independent phenomenon of pragmatic intrusion on probability judgment - in this case, participants' tendency to assign lower probability to conditionals that are pragmatically incoherent.  

 Exploring Effects of Self-Censoring through Agent-Based Simulation   
   
 Schöppl, Klee | ; 
  Hahn, Ulrike 
    
 Recent years have seen an explosion of theoretical interest, as well as increasingly fraught real-world debate, around issues to do with discourse participation. For example, marginalised groups may find themselves excluded or may exclude themselves from discourse contexts that are hostile. This not only has ethical implications, but likely impacts epistemic outcomes. The nature and scale of such outcomes remain difficult to estimate in practice. In this paper, we use agent-based modelling to explore the implications of a tendency toward `agreeableness' whereby agents might shape their communication so as to reduce direct conflict. Our simulations show that even mild tendencies to avoid disagreement can have significant consequences for information exchange and the resultant beliefs within a population.  

 How does social learning affect stable false beliefs?   
   
 Budiono, Rheza | ; 
  Hartley, Catherine | ; 
  Gureckis, Todd M 
    
 Learning traps are false beliefs that entrench themselves by discouraging the exploration required to correct them. In previous lab experiments, these learning traps have proven remarkably difficult to prevent. Here, we investigate whether learning traps remain stable in contexts in which both individual and social learning are possible. In two of our three experiments, we found that learners trapped by a false belief were significantly more likely to escape a learning trap when they were able to observe another decision-maker's choices (without observing their outcomes). However, social learning was not a panacea. Social learning was constrained by the challenge of inferring others' beliefs, and trapped learners struggled to learn from partners with sub-optimal decision rules, even when their partner's choices were informative. Collectively, these results suggest that while social learning can help overcome the limits of individual learning, learning from others comes with its own challenges and limitations.  

 Human Curriculum Effects Emerge with In-Context Learning in Neural Networks   
   
 Russin, Jacob | ; 
  Pavlick, Ellie | ; 
  Frank, Michael J. 
    
 Human learning is sensitive to rule-like structure and the curriculum of examples used for training. In tasks governed by succinct rules, learning is more robust when related examples are blocked across trials, but in the absence of such rules, interleaving is more effective. To date, no neural model has simultaneously captured these seemingly contradictory effects. Here we show that this same tradeoff spontaneously emerges with ‚Äúin-context learning‚Äù (ICL) both in neural networks trained with metalearning and in large language models (LLMs). ICL is the ability to learn new tasks ‚Äúin context‚Äù ‚Äî without weight changes ‚Äî via an inner-loop algorithm implemented in activation dynamics. Experiments with pretrained LLMs and metalearning transformers show that ICL exhibits the blocking advantage demonstrated in humans on a task involving rule-like structure, and conversely, that concurrent in-weight learning reproduces the interleaving advantage observed in humans on tasks lacking such structure.  

 A New Posterior Probability-Based Measure of Coherence   
   
 Hartmann, Stephan | ; 
  Trpin, Borut 
    
 According to a common view in epistemology, a set of propositions is justified if it is coherent. Similarly, a new proposition should be accepted if it is coherent with the accepted body of beliefs. But what is coherence? And what, in turn, justifies the above claims? To answer these questions, various Bayesian measures of epistemic coherence have been proposed. Most of these measures are based on the prior probability distribution over the corresponding propositional variables. We criticize this ``static'' conceptualization of coherence and propose instead that the coherence of an information set is related to how well the information set responds when each of the propositions it contains is confirmed by an independent and partially reliable information source. The elaboration of this idea will show that the proposed ``dynamic'' perspective has several advantages and solves some open problems of coherentist epistemology. It also has implications for our understanding of reasoning and argumentation in science and beyond.  

 "Oh! Um. . . Sure": Children and adults use other's linguistic surprisal to reason about expectations and learn stereotypes   
   
 Morris, Ben | ; 
  Shaw, Alex 
    
 While people may be reluctant to explicitly state social stereotypes, their underlying beliefs may nonetheless leak out in subtler conversational cues, such as surprisal reactions that convey information about expectations. Across 3 experiments with adults and children (ages 4-9), we compare permissive responses ("Sure, you can have that one") that vary the presence of surprisal cues (interjections "oh!" and disfluencies "um"). In Experiment 1 (n = 120), children by 6-to-7 use surprisal reactions to infer that a boy more likely made a counter-stereotypical choice. In Experiment 2, we demonstrate that these cues are sufficient for children (n = 120) and adults (n = 80) to learn a novel expectation about a group of aliens. In Experiment 3, adults (n = 150) use the distribution of surprisal information to infer whether a novel behavior is gender-stereotyped. Across these experiments, we see emerging evidence that conversational feedback may provide a crucial and unappreciated avenue for the transmission of social beliefs.  

 Object files encode possible object identities, but not possible locations   
   
 Brody, Gabor | ; 
  Mazalik, Peter | ; 
  Feiman, Roman 
    
 It is uncontroversial that humans can represent possibilities, but it is debated what this claim amounts to. Under broad views of modal cognition, many representational and reasoning systems represent possibilities at multiple levels of cognitive architecture. Under narrow views of modal cognition, there exists a special kind of higher-level modal thought, that can be measured with purpose built non-verbal modal cognition tasks. Here we ask whether object tracking mechanisms that are assumed to lack the higher-level narrow modal capacity, show behavioral signatures that are assumed to require it. We find signature of modal representation in one task, but not another. The finding suggests that there is no clear difference between tasks that tap broad and narrow modal cognition, and invites a reassessment of the evidence for the latter.  

 Transformer Mechanisms Mimic Frontostriatal Gating Operations When Trained on Human Working Memory Tasks   
   
 Traylor, Aaron | ; 
  Merullo, Jack | ; 
  Frank, Michael J. | ; 
  Pavlick, Ellie 
    
 Models based on the Transformer neural network architecture have seen success on a wide variety of tasks that appear to require complex ``cognitive branching''-- or the ability to maintain pursuit of one goal while accomplishing others. In cognitive neuroscience, success on such tasks is thought to rely on sophisticated frontostriatal mechanisms for selective gating, which enable role-addressable updating-- and later readout-- of information to and from distinct ``addresses'' of memory, in the form of clusters of neurons. However, Transformer models have no such mechanisms intentionally built-in. It is thus an open question how Transformers solve such tasks, and whether the mechanisms that emerge to help them to do so bear any resemblance to the gating mechanisms in the human brain. In this work, we analyze the mechanisms that emerge within a vanilla attention-only Transformer trained on a simple sequence modeling task inspired by a task explicitly designed to study working memory gating in computational cognitive neuroscience. We find that, as a result of training, the self-attention mechanism within the Transformer specializes in a way that mirrors the input and output gating mechanisms which were explicitly incorporated into earlier, more biologically-inspired architectures. These results suggest opportunities for future research on computational similarities between modern AI architectures and models of the human brain.  

 Memory Retrieval Processes during Real-Time Language Comprehension: Empirical Evidence and Computational Modelling   
   
 Fujita, Hiroki 
    
 This study investigates cue-based memory retrieval during sentence processing. Cue-based retrieval theories argue that the parser uses lexical and structural information as retrieval cues to retrieve items from memory. Evidence for cue-based memory retrieval comes from research showing that non-target representations matching retrieval cues interfere with target retrieval. However, the degree of susceptibility to this similarity-based interference has been debated, having led to the development of different computational models. This study focuses on two cue-based models and tests their predictions in two experiments. The results suggested similarity-based interference, but its patterns were not fully compatible with these models. To reconcile these findings within the framework of cue-based memory retrieval, this paper presents a model that assigns substantial weight to the structure-based cue and incorporates the notions of initial retrieval and revision. Results from simulations indicate that the model incorporating these assumptions provides a better fit to the observed data.  

 Influence of Music Education and Interval Size on Grouping of the AB-AB Sequence Sounds   
   
 Rosi≈Ñski, Adam 
    
 This paper discusses an experiment conducted with two groups of participants, composed of musicians and non-musicians, in order to investigate the impact that the speed of a sound sequence and the interval size which selected sounds are played on the grouping of sounds into perceptual streams. Significant differences were observed between musicians and non-musicians with respect to the threshold sequence speed at which the sequence was split into two streams. In modern psychoacoustic studies, the qualifying criteria for listeners usually include otologically normal hearing (verified by audiometric test) and age. The differences in the results for the two groups suggest that the musical background of the participating listeners may be a vital factor. The criterion of musical education should be taken into account during experiments so that the results obtained are reliable, uniform and free from interpretive errors.  

 Cue-Based Memory Retrieval in Garden-Path Sentences   
   
 Fujita, Hiroki | ; 
  Vasishth, Shravan 
    
 This study investigates the representation of garden-path sentences and its interaction with memory retrieval. Garden-path sentences are initially misanalysed, and the initial misrepresentations tend to affect language comprehension, even after revision. Memory retrieval targets items in memory based on their representations. Our main research question investigates whether memory retrieval targets initial misrepresentations or revised representations in garden-path sentences. Using the cue-based memory retrieval model, we generated predictions for potential processing patterns stemming from this research question. The experiments used lexicality maze, self-paced reading, and offline comprehension questions. The results showed largely similar processing patterns between garden-path and non-garden-path sentences, suggesting that initial misrepresentations do not affect memory retrieval.  

 Combining individuating and context-general cues in lie detection   
   
 Peebles, David | ; 
  Street, Chris 
    
 To date, no account of lie-truth judgement formation has been capable of explaining how core cognitive mechanisms such as memory encoding and retrieval are employed to reach a judgement of either truth or lie. One account, the Adaptive Lie Detector theory (ALIED: Street, Bischof, Vadillo, & Kingstone, 2016) is sufficiently well defined that its assumptions may be implemented in a computational model. In this paper we describe our attempt to ground ALIED in the representations and mechanisms of the ACT-R cognitive architecture and then test the model by comparing it to human data from an experiment conducted by Street et al. (2016). The model provides a close fit to the human data and a plausible mechanistic account of how specific and general information are integrated in the formation of truth-lie judgements.  

 Interindividual differences in predicting words versus sentence meaning: Explaining N400 amplitudes using large-scale neural network models   
   
 Rabovsky, Milena | ; 
  Lopopolo, Alessandro | ; 
  Schad, Daniel J. 
    
 Prediction error, both at the level of sentence meaning and at the level of the next presented word, has been shown to successfully account for N400 amplitudes. Here we investigate whether people differ in the representational level at which they implicitly predict upcoming language. We computed a measure of prediction error at the level of sentence meaning (termed semantic update) and a measure of prediction error at the level of the next word (surprisal). Both measures significantly accounted for N400 amplitudes even when the other measure was controlled for. Most important for current purposes, both effects were significantly negatively correlated. Moreover, random-effects model comparison showed that individuals differ in whether their N400 amplitudes are driven by semantic update only, by surprisal only, or by both, and that the most common model in the population was either semantic update or the combined model but clearly not the pure surprisal model.  

 Modeling Vocabulary Growth in Autistic and Non-Autistic Children   
   
 Haebig, Eileen | ; 
  West, Stan | ; 
  Cox, Christopher R 
    
 We assessed the goodness of fit of three models of vocabulary growth, with varying sensitivity to the structure of the environment and the learner's internal state, to estimated vocabulary growth trajectories in autistic and non-autistic children. We first computed word-level acquisition norms that indicate the vocabulary size at which individual words tend to be learned by each group. We then evaluated how well network growth models based on natural language co-occurrence structure and word associations account for variance in the autistic and non-autistic acquisition norms. In addition to replicating key observations from prior work and observing that the growth models explained similar amounts of variance in each group, we found that autistic vocabulary growth also exhibits growth consistent with "the lure of the associates" model. Thus, both groups leverage semantic structure in the learning environment for vocabulary development, but autistic vocabulary growth is also strongly influenced by existing vocabulary knowledge.  

 Fifteen-month-olds accept arbitrary shapes as symbols of familiar kind tokens   
   
 Revencu, Barbu | ; 
  Pomiechowska, Barbara | ; 
  Brody, Gabor | ; 
  Csibra, Gergely 
    
 Across three experiments, we show that 15-month-old infants understand that arbitrary objects can be used as symbols. Experiment 1 shows that infants map geometric shapes (e.g., a triangle) onto familiar discourse referents (e.g., a duck) based on labeling (e.g., ‚ÄúLook, a duck!‚Äù). Experiment 2 shows that infants do not generalize these mappings to a new speaker. This rules out the alternative hypothesis that infants interpret the labeling events literally. Experiment 3 shows that infants are sensitive to the conceptual identity of the discourse referent. After being told that one shape represents an agent (e.g., a duck) and another shape represents a patient (e.g., a cup), infants attend differentially when the agent symbol moves towards the patient symbol than the opposite. This rules out the alternative hypothesis that infants interpret the labeling events as referential pacts. The findings jointly indicate that symbolic relations are easily activated and available early in human development.  

 DELTA: Dynamic Embedding Learning with Truncated Conscious Attention for CTR Prediction   
   
 Zhu, Chen | ; 
  Du, Liang | ; 
  Chen, Hong | ; 
  Zhao, Shuang | ; 
  Sun, Zixun | ; 
  Wang, Xin | ; 
  Zhu, Wenwu 
    
 Predicting Click-Through Rate (CTR) is crucial in product and content recommendation, as it involves estimating the likelihood of a user engaging with a specific advertisement or content link. This task encompasses understanding the complex cognitive processes behind human interactions with recommended content. Learning varied feature embeddings that reflect different cognitive responses in various circumstances is significantly important. However, traditional methods typically learn fixed feature representations, leading to suboptimal performance. Some recent approaches attempt to address this issue by learning bit-wise weights or augmented embeddings for feature representations, but suffer from uninformative or redundant features in the context. To tackle this problem, inspired by the Global Workspace Theory in conscious processing, which posits that only a specific subset of the product features are pertinent while the rest can be noisy and even detrimental to human-click behaviors, we propose a CTR model that enables Dynamic Embedding Learning with Truncated Conscious Attention for CTR prediction, termed DELTA. DELTA contains two key components: (I) conscious truncation module (CTM), which utilizes curriculum learning to apply adaptive truncation on attention weights to select the most critical feature in the context; (II) explicit embedding optimization (EEO), which applies an auxiliary task during training that directly and independently propagates the gradient from the loss layer to the embedding layer, thereby optimizing the embedding explicitly via linear feature crossing. Extensive experiments on five challenging CTR datasets demonstrate that DELTA achieves new state-of-the-art performance among current CTR methods.  

 Finding structure in logographic writing with library learning   
   
 Jiang, Guangyuan | ; 
  Hofer, Matthias | ; 
  Mao, Jiayuan | ; 
  Wong, Lionel | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Levy, Roger 
    
 One hallmark of human language is its combinatoriality---reusing a relatively small inventory of building blocks to create a far larger inventory of increasingly complex structures. In this paper, we explore the idea that combinatoriality in language reflects a human inductive bias toward representational efficiency in symbol systems. We develop a computational framework for discovering structure in a writing system. Built on top of state-of-the-art library learning and program synthesis techniques, our computational framework discovers known linguistic structures in the Chinese writing system and reveals how the system evolves towards simplification under pressures for representational efficiency. We demonstrate how a library learning approach, utilizing learned abstractions and compression, may help reveal the fundamental computational principles that underlie the creation of combinatorial structures in human cognition, and offer broader insights into the evolution of efficient communication systems.  

 Pupil size reflects the relevance of reward prediction error and estimation uncertainty in upcoming choice   
   
 He, Zoe W | ; 
  L'Hôtellier, Maëva | ; 
  Paunov, Alexander | ; 
  Guo, Dalin | ; 
  Meyniel, Florent | ; 
  Yu, Angela J 
    
 How humans process and utilize experienced outcomes and actions to adapt to a constantly evolving and noisy world is an important area of research. We investigate the role of the pupil-linked arousal system in adaptive value-based decision-making in an uncertain and changing environment using a two-armed bandit task with occasional changes in reward contingencies. We find that pupil size fluctuation encodes reward- and uncertainty-related values across trials; moreover, pupil size reflects future-choice-dependent contributions of these variables to learning and decision-making: larger pupil encoding of reward prediction error (RPE) promotes reward-driven switches in choice, while larger pupil encodings of estimation uncertainty (EU) promotes uncertainty-driven switches in choice. Furthermore, individual differences in pupil's encoding of RPE and EU correlate with individual variabilities in choice bias and task performance. Given the relationship of pupil size to noradrenergic and cholinergic modulations, these results provide insights into the computational and neural process underlying adaptive decision-making.  

 A meta-learning framework for rationalizing cognitive fatigue in neural systems   
   
 Li, Yujun | ; 
  Carrasco-Davis, Rodrigo | ; 
  Strittmatter, Younes | ; 
  Sarao Mannelli, Stefano | ; 
  Musslick, Sebastian 
    
 The ability to exert cognitive control is central to human brain function, facilitating goal-directed task performance. However, humans exhibit limitations in the duration over which they can exert cognitive control---a phenomenon referred to as cognitive fatigue. This study explores a computational rationale for cognitive fatigue in continual learning scenarios: cognitive fatigue serves to limit the extended performance of one task to avoid the forgetting of previously learned tasks. Our study employs a meta-learning framework, wherein cognitive control is optimally allocated to balance immediate task performance with forgetting of other tasks. We demonstrate that this model replicates common patterns of cognitive fatigue, such as performance degradation over time and sensitivity to reward. Furthermore, we discuss novel predictions, including variations in cognitive fatigue based on task representation overlap. This approach offers a novel perspective on the computational role of cognitive fatigue in neural systems.  

 Why does Joint Attention Predict Vocabulary Acquisition? The Answer Depends on What Coding Scheme you Use   
   
 Sander, Jennifer | ; 
  Çetinçelik, Melis | ; 
  Zhang, Yayun | ; 
  Rowland, Caroline F | ; 
  Harmon, Zara 
    
 Despite decades of study, we still know less than we would like about the association between joint attention (JA) and language acquisition. This is partly because of disagreements on how to operationalise JA. In this study, we examine the impact of applying two different, influential JA operationalisation schemes to the same dataset of child-caregiver interactions, to determine which yields a better fit to children's later vocabulary size. Two coding schemes‚Äî one defining JA in terms of gaze overlap and one in terms of social aspects of shared attention‚Äîwere applied to video-recordings of dyadic naturalistic toy-play interactions (N=45). We found that JA was predictive of later production vocabulary when operationalised as shared focus (study 1), but also that its operationalisation as shared social awareness increased its predictive power (study 2). Our results emphasise the critical role of methodological choices in understanding how and why JA is associated with vocabulary size.  

 Biological Males' and 'Trans(gender) Women': Social Considerations in the Production of Referring Expressions   
   
 Papineau, Brandon | ; 
  Degen, Judith 
    
 Understanding referring expression generation has long been of interest to psycholinguistics, pragmatics, and sociolinguistics. Experimental data in the former two has shown that referring expression generation is modulated by both pragmatic and cognitive considerations, and the latter suggests that referring expressions have social meaning beyond their literal referential utility. This project integrates these three accounts by extending Burnett (2017)'s socially-enriched implementation of the Rational Speech Act (RSA) framework to account for variation in referring expressions used to denote transgender women in two politically opposed media corpora. Our findings highlight the utility of the RSA framework in explaining socially-modulated variation while also accounting for pragmatic and cognitive considerations. Finally, this paper contributes to growing literatures that address the relationship between (alt-)right ideologies about gender and language by highlighting the use of bioessentialist language such as 'biological male' in the propagation of anti-trans rhetoric in the United States.  

 Early Threads of Connection: Probing Infants' Early Understandings of Caregiving Relationships   
   
 Steele, Christina | ; 
  Richardson, Megan | ; 
  Taylor, Azwayla | ; 
  Tatone, Denis | ; 
  Thomas, Ashley J 
    
 Despite the centrality of caregiving relationships in the lives of infants, little is known about whether and how infants represent these relationships characterized by strong attachment and asymmetry in obligation and skills. The current studies (N=95) investigate whether 8-to-10-month-old infants attend to two cues‚Äîaffiliative touch and physical size‚Äîto predict who will respond to distress. In Study 1 (n=49), infants expected larger characters to respond to the emotional needs of smaller characters, only when they saw affiliative touch (proportion looking time at large character: BF10=6.72). In Study 2 (n=46), they did not expect smaller characters to respond to larger characters (proportion looking time: BF10=0.17), suggesting they expect asymmetrical roles in caregiving relationships. Collectively, these findings suggest that humans have an early-emerging ability to recognize key relationships in their social world.  

 Five' is the number of bunnies and hats: Children's understanding of cardinal extension and exact number   
   
 Le, Khuyen N. | ; 
  Kwon, Christine | ; 
  Wu, Mincong | ; 
  Barner, David 
    
 When do children understand that number words (such as ‚Äòfive') refer to exact quantities and that the same number word can be used to label two sets whose items correspond 1-to-1 (e.g., if each bunny has a hat, and there are five hats, then there are five bunnies)? Two studies with English-speaking 2- to 5-year-olds revealed that children who could accurately count large sets (CP knowers) were able to infer that sets exhibiting 1-to-1 correspondence share the same number word, but not children who could not accurately count large sets (subset knowers). However, not all CP knowers made this inference, suggesting that learning to construct and label large sets is a critical but insufficient step in discovering that numbers represent exact quantities. CP knowers also failed to identify 1-to-1 corresponding sets when faced with sets that had an off-by-one difference, suggesting that children who could accurately count large sets used approximate magnitude to establish set equality, rather than 1-to-1 correspondence. These results suggest that children's initial intuitions about numerical and set equality are based on approximation, not 1-to-1 correspondence, and that this occurs well after they have learned to count and construct large sets.  

 ECKT: Enhancing Code Knowledge Tracing via Large Language Models   
   
 Yu, Yang | ; 
  Zhou, Yingbo | ; 
  Zhu, Yaokang | ; 
  Ye, Yutong | ; 
  Chen, Liangyu | ; 
  Chen, Mingsong 
    
 Code Knowledge Tracing (CKT) aims to model students' programming proficiency from their coding activities. Existing approaches mainly rely on answer records and lack problem descriptions and knowledge concepts, which fail to capture the inherent information. To solve this problem, we propose ECKT, an Enhanced Code Knowledge Tracing framework using Large Language Models (LLMs), which simulate human cognitive process through chain-of-thought prompting and adapts quickly to new tasks with limited data using few-shot learning. Specifically, ECKT generates detailed problem descriptions and knowledge concepts from student code, enhancing the model's understanding of programming concepts and proficiency. Additionally, ECKT incorporates task difficulty information by correlating problems with difficulty levels based on student performance scores. This integration allows for a more accurate assessment of student proficiency across varying levels of difficulty. Also, ECKT can explicitly capture the essential information of code and learn a better representation of them. Experimental results demonstrate that ECKT effectively improves the performance of knowledge tracing in programming education. This advancement not only supports personalized learning but also contributes to a deeper understanding of coding activities.  

 What Predicts Adult Word Learning in Naturalistic Interactions? A Corpus Study   
   
 Cabiddu, Francesco | ; 
  Edwards, Christopher | ; 
  Hill-Payne, Harriet | ; 
  Donnellan, Ed | ; 
  Gu, Yan | ; 
  Vigliocco, Gabriella 
    
 Alongside the linguistic input, young children leverage multimodal cues (e.g., prosody, gestures) to learn novel words in face-to-face interactions. It is unclear whether multimodal cues play a similar role in adults. Here, we used ECOLANG, a corpus of semi-naturalistic dyadic conversations where English-speaking adults incidentally learned about unknown objects and their names by interacting with a partner who knew those objects. We examined whether multimodal cues (prosodic, indexical, and iconic) predicted learners' ability to learn the objects' names, above and beyond individual differences and linguistic predictors. We found that the number of repetitions of the label predicted word learning. Additionally, learners with lower working memory abilities benefited from speakers producing representational gestures while labelling the unknown objects. We discuss implications for theories of word learning and approaches of situated cognition.  

 Emblems and Improvised Gestures are Structured to Guide their Own Detection   
   
 Royka, Amanda L | ; 
  Heuser, Gwyneth | ; 
  Schouwstra, Marieke | ; 
  Kirby, Simon | ; 
  Jara-Ettinger, Julian 
    
 Emblems (also called conventional gestures) are a powerful, yet often overlooked part of humans' communicative tool-kit. These gestures rapidly express encapsulated messages, such as waving a hand to greet someone and shoulder shrugging to reveal a lack of knowledge. We hypothesized that emblems are shaped by a universal pressure to reveal their communicative purpose, and they should therefore be unconfounded with movement typically produced to accomplish non-communicative goals. We present evidence for this hypothesis using a novel dataset of over 250 emblems from around the world: Over 95% of these gestures have forms that support observers' inferences, suggesting that emblems are shaped to ease observers' inferential burden. Finally, in a gesture-creation experiment, we show that these inference-guiding features emerge spontaneously without the need for observer feedback or cultural transmission. Taken together, these complementary approaches provide insight into how goal inferential processes may explain the shape of communicative actions across cultures.  

 Letter shapes phonology: Feature economy and informativeness in 43 writing systems   
   
 Kim, Yoolim | ; 
  Allassonnière-Tang, Marc | ; 
  Miton, Helena | ; 
  Morin, Olivier 
    
 Differentiating letter shapes accurately is an increasingly crucial competence. Are letters as distinctive as they could be? We used a unique dataset of crowdsourced letter descriptions across 43 writing systems to produce a comprehensive typology of letter shapes for these diverse scripts. We extracted from 19,591 letter classifications, contributed by 1,683 participants, enough features to provide a unique description of all letters in each system. We show that scripts, compared to phoneme inventories, are feature-extensive: they use additional features to do what could be done with a lower number of features, used more efficiently. Compared to 516 phoneme inventories from the P-base dataset, our 43 scripts have lower feature economy (fewer symbols for a given number of features) and lower feature informativeness (a less balanced distribution of feature values). Letter shapes, we argue, having more degrees of freedom than speech sounds, use features in a more wasteful way.  

 Towards a path dependent account of category fluency   
   
 Heineman, David | ; 
  Koenen, Reba | ; 
  Varma, Sashank 
    
 Category fluency is a widely studied cognitive task. Two major competing accounts have been proposed as the underlying retrieval mechanism: an optimal foraging process deliberately searching through memory (Hills et al., 2012) and a random walk sampling from a semantic network (Abbott et al., 2015). Evidence for both accounts has centered around predicting human patch switches, where both existing models of category fluency produce paradoxically identical results. We begin by peeling back the assumptions made by existing models, namely that each named exemplar only depends on the previous exemplar, by (i) adding an additional bias to model the category transition probability directly and (ii) relying on a large language model to predict based on the full prior exemplar sequence. Then, we present evidence towards resolving the disagreement between different models of foraging by reformulating them as sequence generators. For evaluation, we compare generated category fluency runs to a bank of humanwritten sequences by utilizing a metric based on n-gram overlap. We find that category switch predictors do not necessarily produce human-like sequences; rather, the additional biases used by the Hills et al. (2012) model are required to improve generation quality, which is further improved by our category modification. Even generating exclusively with an LLM requires an additional global cue to trigger the patch switching behavior during production. Further tests on only the search process on top of the semantic network highlight the importance of deterministic search in replicating human behavior.  

 Mark the unexpected! Animacy preference and motion marking in visual language   
   
 Krajinovic, Ana | ; 
  Hacımusaoğlu, Irmak | ; 
  Cardoso, Bruno | ; 
  Cohn, Neil 
    
 In our cross-cultural corpus study of 332 comics, we asked whether animacy preference plays a role in comics. Are animates or inanimates more or less grammatically marked compared to each other, similarly to differential marking modulated by animacy in grammars of many languages? Following Opfer (2002), we considered the animacy preference as the expectation that only animates move in a goal-directed way. We focused on two visual morphological markings that indicate motion in comics and differ in their goal-directedness: the goal-directed motion lines (trailing a moving entity) and the non-goal-directed circumfixing lines (surrounding an entity). We found that inanimates are more marked by motion lines than animates in our data, while there is no difference between the two groups with circumfixing lines. This indicates that inanimates need to be marked by motion lines in order to signal their goal-directed movement, which is otherwise unexpected. We call this the principle of ‚ÄúMark the unexpected!‚Äù.  

 Connecting the dots: a comparative and developmental analysis of spatiotemporal pattern learning   
   
 Mills, Tracey | ; 
  Coates, Nicole | ; 
  Silva, Alessandra A. | ; 
  Ferrigno, Stephen | ; 
  Schulz, Laura | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh | ; 
  Cheyette, Samuel J. 
    
 Humans learn and generate languages, music, games, and seemingly limitless varieties of other structures across domains. Unlike many AI systems, we often do so from little data. How do we learn such large varieties of richly structured representations so efficiently? One possibility is that people ``learn by programming,'' synthesizing data-generating algorithms to explain what we observe. We examine the nature and origins of this learning mechanism in adults, children, and nonhuman primates (macaque monkeys), using a highly unconstrained sequence prediction task. Although adults and children quickly learn many richly structured sequences, monkeys learn only the simplest sequences (e.g. lines). We test multiple learning models, finding that adults are best explained by a ``Language of Thought''-like program-learning model and monkeys by a simpler extrapolation strategy. Children exhibit varied learning strategies but are best fit in aggregate by an intermediately expressive model. Paper available at https://sites.google.com/view/patternlearning.  

 Probing Nonhuman Primate Errors on False Belief Tasks to Explore the Evolutionary Roots of Theory of Mind   
   
 Royka, Amanda L | ; 
  Horschler, Daniel J. | ; 
  Bargmann, Walker | ; 
  Santos, Laurie 
    
 Theory of Mind (ToM) is central to human social cognition, yet the roots of this capacity remain poorly understood. Both infants and nonhuman primates perform inconsistently on false belief tasks, limiting our understanding of the representations that characterize their ToM. Here, we seek to better understand this often-contradictory literature by dissecting these failures. Specifically, we focus on primates' characteristic null performance on false belief tasks. Across three studies, we find that‚Äîdespite succeeding on a closely-matched control‚Äîrhesus monkeys fail to predict how agents with false beliefs will behave even when the agents perform highly unexpected, unlikely actions. We interpret this pattern of performance as evidence that monkeys have no representation of another agent's past awareness once the scene changes outside of that agent's view. This work moves beyond the success/failure dichotomy typically used to assess ToM, and instead gives a more precise characterization of primates' signature limits in ToM.  

 People use fast, goal-directed simulation to reason about novel games   
   
 Zhang, Cedegao E | ; 
  Collins, Katherine M | ; 
  Wong, Lionel | ; 
  Weller, Adrian | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
    
 We can evaluate features of problems and their potential solutions well before we can effectively solve them. When considering a game we have never played, for instance, we might infer whether it is likely to be challenging, fair, or fun simply from hearing the game rules, prior to deciding whether to invest time in learning the game or trying to play it well. Many studies of game play have focused on optimality and expertise, characterizing how people and computational models play based on moderate to extensive search and after playing a game dozens (if not thousands or millions) of times. Here, we study how people reason about a range of simple but novel connect-n style board games. We ask people to judge how fair and how fun the games are from very little experience: just thinking about the game for a minute or so, before they have ever actually played with anyone else, and we propose a resource-limited model that captures their judgments using only a small number of partial game simulations and almost no lookahead search. For more information about this project, see https://sites.google.com/view/intuitive-game-theory  

 Approach-Avoidance Motivation in Lifelong Learning: A New Framework for Understanding the Decision-Making Process behind Voluntary Learning   
   
 Mendes, Angélica | ; 
  Greiff, Samuel | ; 
  Tekampe, David Levi | ; 
  Bobrowicz, Katarzyna 
    
 The decision to engage in lifelong learning often entails a motivational conflict, requiring individuals to balance potential benefits against the costs of engagement. Approach- avoidance motivation occurs when an action involves simultaneous positive and negative outcomes, necessitating a choice. This concept has primarily been studied in emotionally charged decisions linked to fear or anxiety, relevant for clinical settings. Our aim is to shift the focus to the cost of engagement in learning and educational settings. In a society marked by high demands and numerous tools for knowledge updating, lifelong learning may be beneficial for continuous individual development and societal contribution. We introduce a new framework that intricately connects motivation and learning processes with cognition, highlighting the pivotal roles of executive functions and decision-making processes. This article delves into the confluence of lifelong learning, cognitive conflict, and approach- avoidance motivation within the context of education and learning processes.  

 Relative Value Biases in Large Language Models   
   
 Hayes, William M | ; 
  Yax, Nicolas | ; 
  Palminteri, Stefano 
    
 Studies of reinforcement learning in humans and animals have demonstrated a preference for options that yielded relatively better outcomes in the past, even when those options are associated with lower absolute reward. The present study tested whether large language models would exhibit a similar bias. We had gpt-4-1106-preview (GPT-4 Turbo) and Llama-2-70B make repeated choices between pairs of options with the goal of maximizing payoffs. A complete record of previous outcomes was included in each prompt. Both models exhibited relative value decision biases similar to those observed in humans and animals. Making relative comparisons among outcomes more explicit magnified the bias, whereas prompting the models to estimate expected outcomes caused the bias to disappear. These results have implications for the potential mechanisms that contribute to context-dependent choice in human agents.  

 Children's Expectations About Epistemic Change   
   
 Briscoe, Mack | ; 
  Zhang, Rui | ; 
  Jara-Ettinger, Julian 
    
 People's mental states constantly change as they navigate and interact with their environment. Accordingly, social reasoning requires us not only to represent mental states but also to understand the ways in which mental states tend to change. Despite their importance, relatively little is known about children's understanding of the dynamics of mental states. To explore this question, we studied a common type of mental state change: knowledge gain. Specifically, we studied whether five- and six-year-olds distinguish between agents who gain knowledge and those who lose knowledge. In one condition, children saw an agent answer a two-alternative choice question incorrectly, followed by an identical-looking agent who answered the same question correctly (i.e., gaining knowledge). In another condition, children saw the reverse pattern (i.e., losing knowledge). Children were more likely to infer they had seen two different agents in the knowledge loss condition relative to the knowledge gain condition. These results suggest that children have intuitions about how epistemic states change and open new questions about children's naive theories of mental state dynamics.  

 No signatures of first-person simulation in Theory of Mind judgments about thinking   
   
 Berke, Marlene | ; 
  Sterling, Ben | ; 
  Tenenbaum, Abi | ; 
  Jara-Ettinger, Julian 
    
 We readily get intuitions about a problem's complexity, how much thinking it will require to solve, and how long it should take, both for ourselves and for others. These intuitions allow us to make inferences about other people's mental processing---like whether they are thinking hard, remembering, or merely mind-wandering. But where do these intuitions come from? Prior work suggests that people try solving problems themselves so as to draw inferences about another person's thinking. If we use our own thinking to build up expectations about other people, does this introduce biases into our judgments? We present a behavioral experiment testing for effects of first-person thinking speed on judgments about another person's thinking in the puzzle game Rush Hour. Although participants overwhelmingly reported solving the puzzles themselves, we found no evidence for participants' thinking speeds influencing their judgments about another person's thinking, suggesting that people can correct for first-person biases.  

 Reasoning about knowledge in lie production   
   
 Tan, Zhi Yi | ; 
  Jara-Ettinger, Julian | ; 
  Berke, Marlene 
    
 Theory of Mind enables us to represent and reason about other people's mental states like beliefs and knowledge. By considering what other people know, this allows us to strategically construct believable lies. Previous work has shown that people construct lies to be consistent with others' beliefs even when those beliefs differ from their own. However, in most real world cases, we don't know everything that the other person knows. We propose that to produce believable lies, the sender considers what private information the receiver may have. Here, we develop our theory into a computational model and test it in a novel paradigm that allows us to distinguish between knowledge shared between the lie sender and receiver and knowledge private to the receiver. Our main model successfully captures how people lie in this paradigm over alternative models. Overall, our work furthers our understanding of human social cognition in adversarial situations.  

 Using Cognitive Variables to Explain Why Effect Sizes Differ in the Behavioral Sciences.   
   
 Krefeld-Schwalb, Antonia | ; 
  Johnson, Prof. Eric J. | ; 
  Sugerman, Eli Rosen 
    
 We examine the heterogeneity of text-based behavioral interventions in a series of 5 preregistered studies across one in-person and 10 online panels, with over 11000 respondents in total. We observe large heterogeneity across settings and paradigms. Model the heterogeneity we introduce a framework that measures typically omitted moderators: Fluid Intelligence, Attentiveness, Crystallized Intelligence, and Experience. Variation in these factors are associated with different effect sizes and explain variations across samples. Moderators are associated with effect sizes through two paths, with the intensity of the manipulation and with the effect of the manipulation directly. Our results motivate observing these moderators and provide a theoretical and empirical framework for understanding and predicting varying effect sizes in the social sciences.  

 The Structure of Everyday Choice: Insights from 100K Real-life Decision Problems   
   
 Bhatia, Sudeep | ; 
  van Baal, Simon T. | ; 
  Walasek, Lukasz 
    
 The complexity of everyday choices make them difficult to formally study. We address this challenge by constructing a dataset of over 100K real-life decision problems based on a combination of social media and large-scale survey data. Using large language models (LLMs) for automated coding, we are able to extract hundreds of choice attributes at play in these problems and map them onto a common representational space. This representation allows us to quantify both the content (e.g. broader themes) and the structure (e.g. specific tradeoffs) inherent in everyday choices. We also present subsets of these decision problems to human participants, and find consistency in choice patterns, allowing us to predict naturalistic choices with established decision models. Overall, our research provides new insights into the attributes and tradeoffs that underpin important life choices. In doing so, our work shows how LLM-based structure extraction can be used to study real-world cognition and behavior.  

 Two-year-olds' mapping of emotion words to facial expressions in a looking-while-listening task   
   
 Chen, Hanqi | ; 
  Wu, Yang 
    
 Children's acquisition of emotion words is a topic of interest across the domains of emotion research, early language acquisition, and social development. Prior research has shown a slow, gradual process of emotion word acquisition during ages 2‚Äì5 years and beyond. However, this research has used tasks that are demanding for young children, such as asking them to label or sort facial expressions. Here, in a preregistered study, we used a child-friendly looking-time paradigm---the "looking-while-listening'' task---to assess children's understanding of four emotion words, "happy,'' "sad,'' "angry,'' and "scared.'' We presented 64 two-year-olds (Mean age = 2.51, range: 2.00-2.97) with facial expressions and measured their preferential looking to the target face upon hearing an emotion word. Both younger and older two-year-olds showed above-chance performance when the target and distractor faces differed in valence (e.g., happy vs. sad). When the target and distractor faces were of the same valence (e.g., angry vs. sad), younger two-year-olds' results did not reach significance, but older two-year-olds' results were significantly above chance. These results suggest that within-valence mappings of emotion words to facial expressions emerges at least during the second half of age two. Full paper here: [https://osf.io/preprints/psyarxiv/nsq5t].  

 The human visual system encodes multiple mutually exclusive categories of cause and effect interaction   
   
 Kominsky, Jonathan F. | ; 
  Wenig, Katharina 
    
 Causal perception' describes the phenomenon wherein certain interactions between objects are automatically and irresistibly experienced as involving cause and effect. Previous work using retinotopically-specific visual adaptation paradigms has provided evidence that there is at least one specific causal event, 'launching', which is identified sufficiently early in visual processing that the visual system still operates using the surface of the retina as its frame of reference. Here, we demonstrate that there are in fact multiple 'causal perceptions', such that the visual system also detects a category of event described as 'entraining'. Using a novel ambiguous 'launch/push' display, we find that adapting to launching events leads to more ‚Äòpushing' reports, while adapting to entraining events leads to more 'launching' reports, and that these adaptation effects only occur for test events presented to the same location on the retina as the adaptation stream (i.e., are retinotopically specific). We discuss the implications of this finding for future work on causal perception and cognition.  

 Advancing the (Elite) Grandmasters: AI's Role in Enhancing Chess Expertise   
   
 Bilalic, Merim | ; 
  Vaci, Nemanja 
    
 Recent advancements in Artificial Intelligence (AI) have arguably enhanced human performance instead of supplanting it. Here we analyse 2.8 million decisions by elite chess players, a field emblematic of AI's application due to its complexity and objective measurability. We identify two AI milestones that correspond with substantial enhancements in top chess players' performance quality over the past four decades: the introduction of personal computers (PCs) and internet access in the late 1990s, and the advent of deep neural networks for chess in the late 2010s. The impact of these technologies, however, varied by age group; adult elite players derived considerable benefits from neural network-based chess computers, whereas younger top players were more influenced by the widespread availability of knowledge and PCs. Our findings underscore AI's potential to amplify human proficiency in complex tasks, highlighting the importance of tailored technological integration among elite performers.  

 Dissociating mental imagery and mental simulation: Evidence from aphantasia   
   
 Speed, Laura J. | ; 
  McRae, Ken 
    
 Intentional visual imagery is a component of numerous aspects of cognition. Related to visual imagery, mental simulation plays a role in embodied theories of language comprehension that propose activation of modality-specific regions of the brain takes place as part of people understanding language. The extent to which the processes underlying conscious, voluntary visual imagery versus less conscious, more automatic mental simulation overlap is unclear. We investigated this issue by having aphantasics (people who are unable to experience conscious voluntary visual imagery) and control participants perform a property verification task in which they were asked whether a property is a physical part of an object (e.g., lion-tail). We manipulated the false trials in that the two words either were associated (semantically related) but did not form an object-part combination (monkey-banana), or were not associated (apple-cloud). Solomon and Barsalou (2004) demonstrated that word association influenced responses when the words in the false trials were not associated, whereas when they were related, perceptual measures most strongly influenced the results, indicating mental simulation. Here control participants and aphantasics demonstrated similar evidence of the use of both mental simulation and word association when verifying whether the words formed an object-part combination. These results provide evidence that visual imagery and mental simulation are at least somewhat separable cognitive processes.  

 Guinea baboons (Papio papio) show an agent preference in chasing interactions   
   
 Meewis, Floor | ; 
  Fagot, Joel | ; 
  Claidiere, Nicolas | ; 
  Dautriche, Isabelle 
    
 Languages tend to describe who is doing what to whom by placing subjects before objects. This bias for agents is reflected in event cognition: agents capture more attention than patients in human adults and infants. We investigated whether this agent preference is unique to humans. We presented Guinea baboons (Papio papio, N = 13) with a change detection paradigm with chasing animations. The baboons had to respond to a colour change which was applied to either the chaser/agent or the chasee/patient. They were faster to detect a change to the chaser than to the chasee, which cannot be explained by low-level features in our stimuli. Our study suggests that baboons show an agent preference similar to human infants and adults. This may be an evolutionarily old mechanism that is shared between humans and other primates, which could have become externalised in language as a tendency to place the subject first.  

 Readily grasping 'who' and 'whom': child-directed speech facilitates semantic role learning   
   
 Huber, Eva | ; 
  Stoll, Sabine | ; 
  Bickel, Balthasar 
    
 A key aspect in child language development involves inducing the rules that determine the relations of the arguments to their verbal predicate, i.e., semantic roles. Here, we investigate whether child-directed speech facilitates learning ‚Äòwho does what to whom' in English and Russian, two languages that strongly differ in their amount of case-marking and word order variation. We ask whether a contextual, distributional learner can more easily learn to assign semantic roles to arguments based on child-directed speech versus adult-directed speech. To this end, we represent the arguments of a verb with contextualised word embeddings extracted from neural language models. We compare the classification accuracy of semantic roles based on these representations between utterances extracted from corpora of child-directed speech and adult-directed speech. We further study to what extent semantic roles can be predicted based on arguments represented by different levels of information, such as non-contextualised representations, the position in the sentence, and case marking. We find that child-directed speech facilitates the learning of semantic roles, an important cornerstone for learning the morphosyntactic features of a language. However, the effect of child-directed speech is more pronounced in Russian than in English, indicating that child-directed speech may be optimised more strongly in a language where arguments are expressed in more varied forms and positions, as is the case in Russian.  

 Journal Information  
  
   e-ISSN: | 1069-7977 

 Recent Articles  
  
 Updating Memory Representations during Reading: The Role of Cohort Competition | Tzeng, Yuhtsuen | ; 
  Broek, Paul van den | ; 
  Young, Michael E. 
  Effects of Syntactic Information on Ambiguous Japanese Verbs in Sentence Comprehension Using a Cross-modal Priming Task | Tsuzuki, Takashi 
  A Computational Model of Number Comparison | Zorzi, Marco | ; 
  Butterworth, Brian 
  The Heuristics of Spatial Cognition | Hirtle, Stephen C. | ; 
  Mascolo, Michael F. 
  Using 'basic level categories' to retrieve multimedia from the world-wide-web | Hoenkamp, E. 

 Top    
 Home 
  About eScholarship 
  Campus Sites 
  UC Open Access Policy 
  eScholarship Publishing 
  Accessibility 
  Privacy Statement 
  Site Policies 
  Terms of Use 
  Admin Login 
  Help 

 Powered by the  
  California Digital Library   
  Copyright © 2017  
  The Regents of the University of California