Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For authors | Call for Papers 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Submission 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do in Wuzhen 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For authors | Call for Papers 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Submission 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do in Wuzhen 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 CollaborateCom authors have enjoyed over 4500+  citations,  with average 6.9 citations per paper   ( Scopus  ).  
 Top performing CollaborateCom paper is currently  
  at 115 citations   and counting!  
   
 Go To Current Edition   

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in   
   
 EAI CollaborateCom 2024!   
   
 We look forward to meeting you next year  
  in Shanghai, China!   

 Keynotes light   
 Explore Wuzhen   

 Visit the floating bazar, Mu Xin Art Mu,  
  Yida Silk workshop and other spectacular sights in Wuzhen!   
   
 Things to do in Wuzhen    

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speakers   

 Prof. Kaizhu Huang    
   
 Title: Robust Adversarial Training Improves Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence    

 Prof. Xiaofeng Tao    
   
 Title: Full-sensing Holographic Immersive Communications    

 Full Program    

 Registration  is now open, don’t miss the early-bird fee!    
 Program is now available in full  !    
 Meet the keynote speakers  , Prof. Kaizhu Huang and Prof. Xiaofeng Tao.    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of CollaborateCom here  .    
 CollaborateCom 2024 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  About CollaborateCom 2024   
 Many organizations and individuals have relied on electronic collaboration between distributed teams of humans, computer applications, and/or autonomous robots to achieve higher productivity and produce joint products that would have been impossible to develop without the contributions of multiple collaborators. Technology has evolved from standalone tools, to open systems supporting collaboration in multi-organizational settings, and from general-purpose tools to specialized collaboration grids. Future collaboration solutions that fully realize the promises of electronic collaboration require advancements in networking, technology and systems, user interfaces and interaction paradigms, and interoperation with application-specific components and tools.  
  The 20th International Conference on Collaborative Computing (CollaborateCom 2024) will be held in Wuzhen, China, and will continue to serve as a premier international forum for discussion among academic and industrial researchers, practitioners, and students interested in collaborative networking, technology and systems, and applications.  

  Topics   
 We welcome contributions from the following fields:  
 General Topic   
 Architectures, protocols, and enabling technologies for collaborative computing networks and systems 
  Collaboration in social media 
  Collaborative e-education, e-learning, and collaborative computing in large scale digital libraries 
  Collaborative information seeking 
  Collaborative mobile networks and infrastructures 
  Collaborative technologies for fast creation and deployment of new mobile services 
  Collaborative, context-aware infrastructure 
  Computer supported collaborative work with distributed systems 
  Energy management for collaborative networks 
  Methodologies and tools for design and analysis of collaborative user applications 
  Models and mechanisms for real-time collaboration 
  Peer-to-peer and overlay networks, systems, and applications 
  Simulation, performance evaluation, experiments, and case studies of collaborative networks and applications 
  Software design, testing, and experimentation technology for collaborative networking and applications 
  Theoretical foundations and algorithms for collaborative networks, applications, and worksharing 
  Tools for collaborative decision making processes 
  Visualization techniques, interaction devices and visual languages for collaborative networks and applications 
  Topic 1. Internet of Things (IoT) and collaboration   
 Collaboration in pervasive and cloud computing environments 
  Collaborative sensor networks, unmanned air and ground vehicle networks and applications 
  Collaborative, location-aware mobile systems/applications 
  Cyber-physical systems 
  Collaboration in health-care environments 
  Participatory sensing, crowdsourcing, and citizen science 
  Topic 2. Collaborative Data and Workflow Management   
 Big data and spatio-temporal data in collaborative environments/systems 
  Collaboration in data-intensive scientific discovery 
  Collaboration techniques in data-intensive computing and cloud computing 
  Data management and middleware support for collaborative information systems 
  Distributed collaborative workflows 
  Workflow management for collaborative networks/systems 
  Web services technologies and service-oriented architectures for collaborative networking and applications 
  Topic 3. Collaboration with artificial intelligence   
 Autonomic computing and quality of services in collaborative networks, systems, and applications 
  Group-driven composition of systems from components 
  Human-centric ubiquitous collaboration 
  Human-robot collaboration 
  Multi-agent technology and software technologies for collaborative networking and applications 
  Topic 4. Security and Trustworthy   
 Security, privacy and trust management in collaborative networks, systems, and applications 
  Trustworthy collaborative business processing in virtual organizations 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, IO-Port, MatchSciNet, Inspec and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal [IF: 3.8 (2022)] 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (ESCI-WoS, Compendex) | – indexed in | ESCI, | Ei Compendex 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications 
    
 Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates  
  
 Main Track (round 1)    
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  1 May 2024  
  Notification deadline   
  1 June  15 June 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  30 July 2024  
  Start of Conference   
  16 November 2024  
  End of Conference   
  17 November 2024  
 Main Track (round 2)    
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  30 June 2024  
  Notification deadline   
  30 July  10 August 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  31 August 2024  
  
 Late Track    
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  15 July 2024  
  Notification deadline   
  30 July  10 August 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  31 August 2024  
 Late Track (round 2)    
    
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  31 July 2024  
  Notification deadline   
  31 August  19 August 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  30 September 2024  
   
 Previous editions  
 2023  – Corfu Island, Greece  
  2022  – Hangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – London, Great Britain  
  2018  – Shanghai, People’s Republic of China  
  2017  – Edinburgh, Great Britain  
  2016  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Wuhan, People’s Republic of China  
  2014  – Miami, Florida, United States  
  2013  – Austin, Texas, United States  
  2012  – Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States  
  2011  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
  2010  – Chicago, Illinois, United States  
  2009  – Washington, Washington D.C., United States  
  2008  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2024 CollaborateCom | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent