Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  For Authors | Registration 
  Submission 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Program | Full Program 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  For Authors | Registration 
  Submission 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Program | Full Program 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI COLLABORATECOM 2023 WAS HELD AS AN ON-SITE CONFERENCE WITH AN OPTION TO PRESENT REMOTELY IN CORFU,GREECE.   
 THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION AND YOUR INVOLVEMENT!  

 We look forward to meeting you next year in Wuzhen, People’s Republic of China!   
 Go to current edition   

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in CollaborateCom 2023!   
   
 We look forward to meeting you next year  
  in Wuzhen, People's Republic of China on November 16-17, 2024.   

 Next edition   

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speakers   

 Prof. Christos Masouros    
   
 PhD in Electrical and Electronic Engineering, University of Manchester, UK   

 Prof. Michael Hübner    
   
 Brandenburgische Technische Universität (BTU),Cottbus, Germany   

 EAI Index   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Take a look back at the previous edition of EAI CollaborateCom  here  .    
 EAI CollaborateCom 2023 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  About CollaborateCom 2023   
 Throughout the years 2020, 2021 and 2022, people around the world have witnessed the spread of Covid-19 pandemic and the life losses at every corner of the world. The pandemic has changed the way people work, live and socialize with friends and family members. In order to support the change, new technologies and facilities are required to facilities people’s needs, including how collaborative computing is designed and implemented. The theme of this year’s conference is “Intelligent Collaborative Computing for the Changing World”. New technologies, particularly non-contact communication, networking and work sharing technologies are encouraged to be investigated and disseminated in the academic and industry sectors. This would allow the professionals and industry to provide new solutions to support medical care, smart manufacturing, intelligent logistics, legal sharing of data, and wisely use of unmanned vehicles to deliver the services to the points of needs. The 19th International Conference on Collaborative Computing (CollaborateCom 2023) will be held in Corfu, Greece, and will continue to serve as a premier international forum for discussion among academic and industrial researchers, practitioners, and students interested in collaborative networking, technology and systems, and applications. Welcome to CollaborateCom 2023 Corfu, Greece!  

  Topics   
 We welcome contributions from the following fields:  
 Architectures, protocols, and enabling technologies for collaborative computing networks and systems 
  Collaboration in social media 
  Collaborative e-education, e-learning, and collaborative computing in large-scale digital libraries 
  Collaborative information seeking 
  Collaborative mobile networks and infrastructures 
  Collaborative technologies for fast creation and deployment of new mobile services 
  Collaborative, context-aware infrastructure 
  Computer-supported collaborative work with distributed systems 
  Energy management for collaborative networks 
  Methodologies and tools for design and analysis of collaborative user applications 
  Models and mechanisms for real-time collaboration 
  Peer-to-peer and overlay networks, systems, and applications 
  Simulation, performance evaluation, experiments, and case studies of collaborative networks and applications 
  Software design, testing, and experimentation technology for collaborative networking and applications 
  Theoretical foundations and algorithms for collaborative networks, applications, and work-sharing 
  Tools for collaborative decision-making processes 
  Visualization techniques, interaction devices and visual languages for collaborative networks and applications 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, IO-Port, MatchSciNet, Inspec and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 
  Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal [IF: 3.426 (2020)] 
  Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 2.602 (2020)] 
  Engineering Reports 
  International Journal of Web Information Systems 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

  Proceedings   
 Proceedings Part I, have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  
 Proceedings Part II, have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  
 Proceedings Part III, have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  

 Main Track (round 1)   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  1 June 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  17 July 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  17 August 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  4 October 2023  
  End of Conference   
  6 October 2023  
  
 Main Track (round 2)   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  15 August 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  30 August 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  10 September 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  4 October 2023  
  End of Conference   
  6 October 2023  
   
 Previous CollaborateCom editions  
 2022  – Hangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – London, Great Britain  
  2018  – Shanghai, People’s Republic of China  
  2017  – Edinburgh, Great Britain  
  2016  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Wuhan, People’s Republic of China  
  2014  – Miami, Florida, United States  
  2013  – Austin, Texas, United States  
  2012  – Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States  
  2011  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
  2010  – Chicago, Illinois, United States  
  2009  – Washington, Washington D.C., United States  
  2008  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2023 CollaborateCom | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent