Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 Locally Organized and Hosted by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 COMPLEXIS 2024 will be held in conjunction with ENASE 2024    , ICEIS 2024    , ICT4AWE 2024    , IoTBDS 2024    and FEMIB 2024    .   
  Registration to COMPLEXIS allows free access to the ENASE, ICEIS, ICT4AWE, IoTBDS and FEMIB conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The International Conference on Complexity, Future Information Systems and Risk, is a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing innovative views on all aspects of Complex Information Systems, in different areas such as Informatics, Telecommunications, Computational Intelligence, Biology, Biomedical Engineering and Social Sciences. Information is pervasive in many areas of human activity – perhaps all – and complexity is a characteristic of current Exabyte-sized, highly connected and hyper dimensional, information systems.  
     
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Complexity in Informatics and Networking   
  
  2  .  Complexity in Biology and Biomedical Engineering   
  
  3  .  Complexity in Social Sciences   
  
  4  .  Complexity in Risk and Predictive Modeling   
  
  5  .  Complexity in AI/Edge/Fog/High-Performance Computing   

 Research Examples     

  Conference Chair    
 Victor Chang  ,  Aston Business School, Aston University, United Kingdom   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Ali Emrouznejad  ,  Business Analytics, University of Surrey, United Kingdom   
  Luigi Fortuna  ,  University of Catania, Italy   

 PUBLICITY CHAIRS    
 Debashis Das Chakladar  ,  Luleå University of Technology, Sweden   
  Peng Liu  ,  University of Kent, United Kingdom   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Luigi Atzori  ,  Universita degli Studi di Cagliari, Italy   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  A short list of papers presented at the conference  
  venue will be selected for publication of extended  
  and revised versions in a special issue of Journal of  
  Global Information Management   

  A short list of best papers will be invited for  
  publication of extended and revised versions  
  in a special issue of IMA Journal of Management  
  Mathematics  .  

  A short list of best papers will be invited for  
  publication of extended and revised versions  
  in a special issue of Socio-Economic Planning  
  Sciences  journal.  

  A short list of papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Big Data Journal   

  Authors of the best papers focused on fusion can be selected  
  to submit an extended version (at least 30% of new content)  
  of their work to be appreciated for publication  
  in the Internet of Things   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC