Conference | About  Submission  Dates  Demo track  Camera Ready Instructions  Registration  Organization 
  Accepted papers | Main Conference  Demo Track  Awards 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Program | Technical Program  Proceedings 
  Sponsoring 
  Venue | About Groningen  How to Get to Groningen 
  Partners 

 CoopIS 2023   

   October 30 - November 3, 2023  
   Groningen, The Netherlands   
 International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems    
   
 Collocated with   EDOC 2023     

 [August 21, 2023] Registration information added    
 [October 31, 2023] CoopIS Opening    
 [October 31, 2022] Best paper candidates announcement    
 [November 1, 2023] Best Paper Awards    

 About CoopIS 2023  
 Cooperative Information Systems (CIS) facilitate the cooperation between individuals, organisations, smart devices, and systems of systems, by providing flexible, scalable and intelligent services to enterprises, public institutions and user communities. As a result, people and smart devices can interact, share information and work together across physical barriers. The domain of CIS integrates research results from different related computing areas, such as: distributed systems, coordination technologies, collaborative decision making, enterprise architecture, business process management and conceptual modelling.  
   
  In recent years, several innovative technologies have emerged: Cloud Computing, Service Oriented Computing, the Internet of Things, Linked Open Data, Semantic Systems, Collective Awareness Platforms, Block Chain, Processes as a Service, etc, that enable the next generation of CISs.  
   
  In developing the next generation CISs, research is needed towards (1) the applicability and use of the above mentioned innovative technologies, (2) approaches to develop CISs in particular catering towards the multitude of stakeholders involved in the development of socio-cyber-physical systems, and (3) associated modelling techniques to express and analyse the different aspects of these systems in cohesion.  
   
  The CoopIS conference series is an established international event for presenting and discussing scientific contributions about technical, economical, and societal aspects of distributed information systems at scale.  
   
  This 29th edition will be hosted by the Bernoulli Institute  for Mathematics, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence of the University of Groningen, in Groningen, the Netherlands. More information are available in the Venue section  .It will be collocated with EDOC 2023  and its guiding theme is "Human-centric Information Systems", with a particular focus on the following areas: (click on the topic for details)   
   
  Topic 1: Knowledge Graphs, Data, Information, and Knowledge Engineering | Semantic Data Integration 
  Ontology Learning and Engineering 
  Ontology and Schema Matching 
  Knowledge Graph Creation Techniques 
  Evolution and Maintenance of Knowledge Graphs 
  Quality Assessment over Knowledge Graphs 
  Topic 2: Inductive Learning, Machine-Learning and Knowledge Discovery | Neuro-Symbolic Systems over Knowledge Graphs 
  Rule and Data Mining 
  Knowledge Graph Embeddings 
  Entity Recognition and Linking 
  Semantic Annotation 
  Topic 3: Process Analytics and Technology | Performance Measurment 
  Trace Encoding 
  Process Discovery 
  Conformance Analysis 
  Process Improvement 
  IT for work innovation 
  Robotic Process Automation 
  Topic 4: Semantic Interoperability and Open Standards | Vocabularies for the Semantic Web 
  Formalisms and Syntaxes 
  Querying Graph Data and Query Languages 
  Inference and Reasoning 
  Open Data Architectures and Ecosystems 
  Topic 5: Human-centric Security and Privacy in Information Systems | Access Control 
  Data Proteciton and Privacy 
  Blockchain-based Approaches 
  Cryptocurrencies 
  Information Entropy 
  Certified Distributed Access and Management 
  Privacy over Knowledge Graphs 
  Topic 6: Internet of Things and Digital Twins | Connectivity, Interfaces, and Protocols 
  Data Structures for IoT and Digital Twins 
  Storage and Data Management 
  Computing and Processing in IoT Environments 
  Sensors and Actuators 
  Topic 7: Architecture and Management of Information Systems | Information Architecture 
  Enterprise Architecture Management 
  Software Design 
  Digital Transformation 
  Monitoring Tools And Techniques 
  Topic 8: Human Aspects and Social Interaction in Information Systems | Economics of Cooperative Information Systems 
  Visualization 
  Human-Computer Interaction 
  Incentives and User Contributions 
  Reputation Management 
  Topic 9: Services and Cloud in Information Systems | Web Services, APIs 
  Services Science, Engineering, Management 
  Microservice-oriented architecture (MOA), Service Mesh 
  Cloud service management, Cloud workflow management 
  Cloud and fog computing, Edge service orchestration 
  Topic 10: Applications of Human-centric Information Systems in a Digital World | Applications of Knowledge Graphs (e.g., healthcare, industry 4.0, science, energy) 
  Human-centric Information Systems (e.g., healthcare, industry 4.0, science, energy) 
  Ontologies in the Digital World 

 Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research papers that are not under review for any other conference, workshop, or journal. Papers must be written in English. The contributions should address research questions that relate to one of the topics listed above.  
 We particularly encourage:  
 Contributions that introduce and evaluate technological innovations (e.g. new techniques, tools, methods or software). 
  Empirical studies (e.g. quantitative data on the effects of novel approaches in technical, social, or economical terms). 
  Systematic surveys of emerging technologies and competing paradigms. 
  The questions addressed should both be practically relevant and appealing to the general IS field. Full papers should include a systematic evaluation of the contribution and relate this contribution to related scientific work. Short papers may present work supported by preliminary evidence only.  
 Submitted papers will be peer-reviewed by at least 3 reviewers. Papers are evaluated in terms of originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity.  
 Submissions for full papers must not exceed 18 pages (including main contents and references) in the final camera-ready paper style. Short papers can cover up to 8 pages (including main contents and references). Submissions must be laid out according to the final camera-ready formatting instructions and must be submitted in PDF format.  
 Each accepted paper must have one of its authors registered to the conference before the camera-ready deadline. The conference organizers reserve the right of removing a paper from the proceedings if no author is officially registered by the camera-ready deadline. Moreover, only papers that have been presented by their authors during the conference will be published in the conference proceedings.  
 The final proceedings will be published by Springer Verlag in their Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). Author instructions can be found at:  
  https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines   
 It is mandatory to submit manuscripts in electronic form (in PDF format). Papers should be submitted at  
   
 EasyChair Submission System    

 Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Abstract submission | (Extended) | : | June 21, 2023 | July 8, 2023 
  Full paper submission | (Extended) | : | July 1, 2023 | July 15, 2023 
  Full paper notification: | August 7, 2023 | August 15, 2023 
  Camera ready due: September 3, 2023 
  Author registration due: September 3, 2023 

 Demo Track  
 We welcome demo paper submissions for the CoopIS 2023 Demo Track, which will be a part of the larger conference and will focus on showcasing innovative tools, services, and applications related to the conference's guiding theme of "Human-centric Information Systems". Topics related to this area, but not limited to, include:  
 Information Engineering and Knowledge Discovery | , which focuses on the technical aspects of information systems and the tools and techniques used to process data and information: | Knowledge Graphs, Data, Information, and Knowledge Engineering 
  Inductive Learning, Machine-Learning and Knowledge Discovery 
  Process Analytics and Technology 
  Information Systems and Human-Centered Design | , which focuses on the practical applications of information systems and how they can be designed to better meet the needs of human users: | Semantic Interoperability and Open Standards 
  Human-centric Security and Privacy in Information Systems 
  Internet of Things and Digital Twins 
  Architecture and Management of Information Systems 
  Human Aspects and Social Interaction in Information Systems 
  Services and Cloud in Information Systems 
  Applications of Human-centric Information Systems in a Digital World 
   
 More details about the topics can be found above.   
 We encourage authors to submit demo papers that showcase the practical application of research papers submitted to the conference, as well as innovative tools and applications originating from research initiatives or industry. Previously demonstrated tools are also welcome if they have added significant value, such as new features, adaptations, or new practical applications.  
 To assess the maturity and robustness of the tool, reviewers need access to the tool for testing. If the tool requires a license, it should be provided to reviewers, at least for the review period. The procedure to obtain the license must not disclose the identity of the reviewers.  
 Submission  
 Please submit a 5-page (1 column format)  extended abstract in PDF format, following the CEUR-ART formatting guidelines  . The extended abstract must contain the following information:  
 Title, authors, and affiliations; 
  An abstract not exceeding 100 words; 
  The relevance of the tool to the field; 
  The main features and innovations of the tool, along with its maturity level; 
  A link to a webpage where the tool can be downloaded or used; 
  A video demonstrating the tool through screen recording, preferably with voiceover, not exceeding 4 minutes in length. 
   
 Demo abstracts should be submitted through the EasyChair Submission System  , selecting "Demo papers".   
 All demo submissions will be reviewed by the demo reviewing committee, who will also vote on the best demo to be granted the “coopIS 2023 Best Demo Award”.   
 Accepted papers will be submitted for publication to CEUR  (indexed by DBLP and SCOPUS).  
 Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Demo submission: | September 8, 2023 
  Notification of acceptance: | October 2, 2023 
  Camera ready due: | October 9, 2023 
  Demo Chairs  
 Nour Assy | , Bonitasoft, France. 
  Felix Mannhardt | , Eindhoven University of Technology, the Netherlands. 
  Program Committee   
 Abel Armas Cervantes, The University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Uwe Breitenbücher, Reutlingen University, Germany 
  Marco Comuzzi, Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Republic of Korea 
  Johannes De Smedt, KU Leuven, Belguim 
  Claudio Di Ciccio, Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  José González Enríquez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Georg Grossmann, University of South Australia, Australia 
  Maria Teresa Gómez López , University of Seville, Spain 
  Andrés Jiménez Ramírez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Maria Leitner, University of Vienna, Austria 
  Henrik Leopold, Kühne Logistics University, Germany 
  Francesco Leotta, Sapienza Università di Roma, Italy 
  Samira Maghool, University of Milan, Italy 
  Amel Mammar, Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, France 
  Rabia Maqsood, FAST - NUCES, Faisalabad Campus, Pakistan 
  Raimundas Matulevicius, University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Philippe Merle, Inria Lille - Nord Europe, France 
  Alex Norta, Blockchain Technology Group, Tallinn University of Technology, Estonia 
  Hajo A. Reijers, Utrecht University, Netherlands 
  Manuel Resinas, University of Seville, Spain 
  Flavia Santoro, Rio de Janeiro State University, Brazil 
  Jacopo Soldani, University of Pisa, Italy 
  Karolin Winter, Technical University of Munich, Germany 
  Moe Thandar Wynn, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 

 Camera Ready Instructions  
 Authors of accepted papers must submit a zip file that includes:  
   
 The final source files, incl. bib files, images, etc. (no older source files) or a Microsoft Word file. 
  A final PDF file corresponding exactly to the final source files. 
  A license-to-publish agreement, signed by hand by the corresponding author on behalf of all of the authors of the paper. 
  A suggestion for an abbreviated running head, if appropriate. 
  Information about correct representation of authors’ names, where necessary. 
  Detailed instructions can be found here   
 As mentioned also in the above pdf file, the licence and the templates can be found at https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  .  
 When filling the licence form, please use the following information:  
 Title of the Proceedings: Proceedings of the International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS) 2023 
  Volume Editor(s) Name(s): Mohamed Sellami, Maria-Esther Vidal, Boudewijn van Dongen, Walid Gaaloul, and Hervé Panetto 

 Organization  
 General Chairs  
 Hervé Panetto | , Université de Lorraine, CNRS, CRAN, TELECOM Nancy, France. 
  Walid Gaaloul | , Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, SAMOVAR, France. 
  Program Chairs  
 Maria-Esther Vidal | , University of Hannover, Germany 
  Boudewijn van Dongen | , Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands 
  Proceedings Chair  
 Mohamed Sellami | , Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, SAMOVAR, France. 
  Demo Track Chairs  
 Nour Assy | , Bonitasoft, France. 
  Felix Mannhardt | , Eindhoven University of Technology, the Netherlands. 
  Publicity Chairs  
 Slim Kallel, University of Sfax, Redcad, Tunisia 
  Gabriela Ydler, Leibniz University Hannover and Technische Informationsbibliothek (TIB), Germany 
  Zhangbing Zhou, School of Information Engineering, China University of Geosciences, P.R. China. 
  Local Organization Committee  
 Ineke Schelhaas, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Dimka Karastoyanova, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Mirela Riveni, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Fadi Mohsen, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Program Committee   
 Joao Paulo Almeida, Federal University of Espirito Santo, Brazil 
  Abel Armas Cervantes, The University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Nour Assy, Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, France 
  Ahmed Awad, University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Banu Aysolmaz, TU Eindhoven, Industrial Engineering and Innovation Sciences Department, Netherlands 
  Eduard Babkin, TAPRADESS Laboratory, State University, Russia 
  Sylvio Barbon Junior, University of Trieste, Italy 
  Ingmar Baumgart, Karlsruhe Institut of Technology (KIT), Germany 
  Salima Benbernou, Université Paris Descartes, France 
  Mario Luca Bernardi, University of Sannio, Italy 
  Uwe Breitenbücher, Reutlingen University, Germany 
  Carlos Buil Aranda, Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María, Chili 
  Cristina Cabanillas, University of Seville, Spain 
  Paolo Ceravolo, University of Milan, Italy 
  David Chaves-Fraga, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain 
  Richard Chbeir, Univ. Pau & Pays Adour, UPPA/E2S, LIUPPA Anglet, France 
  Saoussen Cheikhrouhou, University of Sfax, Tunisia 
  Diego Collarana, Fraunhofer FIT, Germany 
  Carlo Combi, Universita' degli Studi di Verona, Italy 
  Marco Comuzzi, Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Republic of Korea 
  Silvia Inês Dallavalle de Pádua, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil 
  Johannes De Smedt, KU Leuven, Belguim 
  Adela Del Río Ortega, University of Seville, Spain 
  Claudio Di Ciccio, Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  Chiara Di Francescomarino, Fondazione Bruno Kessler-IRST, Italy 
  Rik Eshuis, TU Eindhoven, Netherlands 
  Marcelo Fantinato, University of São Paulo, Brazil 
  Luciano García-Bañuelos, Tecnológico de Monterrey, Mexico 
  José González Enríquez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Irlan Grangel-Gonzalez, Bosch Corporate Research, Germany 
  Daniela Grigori, Laboratoire LAMSADE, University Paris-Dauphine, France 
  Georg Grossmann, University of South Australia, Australia 
  Maria Teresa Gómez López , University of Seville, Spain 
  Önder Gürcan, NORCE Norwegian Research Center AS, Norway 
  Mohand-Saïd Hacid, Université Lyon 1, France 
  Lazhar Hamel, ISIM Monastir, Tunisia 
  Anett Hoppe, TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science and Technology; L3S Research Centre, Leibniz Universität Hannover, Germany 
  Stijn Hoppenbrouwers, HAN University of Applied Sciences, Netherlands 
  Stefan Jablonski, University of Bayreuth, Libanon 
  Andrés Jiménez Ramírez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Slim Kallel, University of Sfax, Tunisia 
  Dimka Karastoyanova, University of Groningen, Netherlands 
  Dimitrios Katsaros, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering, University of Thessaly, Greece 
  Kais Klai, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, Paris, France 
  Matthias Klusch, DFKI, Germany 
  Maria Leitner, University of Vienna, Austria 
  Henrik Leopold, Kühne Logistics University, Germany 
  Francesco Leotta, Sapienza Università di Roma, Italy 
  Mario Lezoche, University of Lorraine, France 
  Jiangang Ma, Federation University, Australia 
  Samira Maghool, University of Milan, Italy 
  Amel Mammar, Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, France 
  Felix Mannhardt, Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Rabia Maqsood, FAST - NUCES, Faisalabad Campus, Pakistan 
  Raimundas Matulevicius, University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Philippe Merle, Inria Lille - Nord Europe, France 
  Nizar Messai, Université François Rabelais Tours, France 
  Sellami Mokhtar, Liris UCBL, France 
  Alex Norta, Blockchain Technology Group, Tallinn University of Technology, Estonia 
  Selmin Nurcan, Université Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne, France 
  Hajo A. Reijers, Utrecht University, Netherlands 
  Manuel Resinas, University of Seville, Spain 
  Sonja Ristic, University of Novi Sad, Faculty of Technical Sciences, Serbie 
  Michael Rosemann, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Flavia Santoro, Rio de Janeiro State University, Brazil 
  Fatiha Saïs, Paris Saclay University, France 
  Michael Sheng, Macquarie University, Australia 
  Pnina Soffer, University of Haifa, Israel 
  Jacopo Soldani, University of Pisa, Italy 
  Nick van Beest, CSIRO, Australia 
  Han van der Aa, University of Mannheim, Germany 
  Sebastiaan van Zelst, Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Information Technology / RWTH Aachen University, Germany 
  Georg Weichhart, PROFACTOR GmbH, Austria 
  Karolin Winter, Technical University of Munich, Germany 
  Guido Wirtz, University of Bamberg, Germany 
  Moe Thandar Wynn, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Jian Yu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand 
  Zhangbing Zhou, China University of Geosciences, P.Rchina 
    
 Contact  
 Email | : | secr at coopisconference dot org 

 Registration  

  CoopIS/EDOC Registration Fees  
 Full Conference  registration gives access to all week's activities, including CoopIS, EDOC, workshops, demos, doctoral consortium, keynotes, panels, tutorial, the conference reception and the conference dinner.  
  Registration early-bird fee: EUR 600,00   
  Registration late fee (after September 11, 2023): EUR 650,00   
 CoopIS 2023 employs a mutually utilized financial service in conjunction with the EDOC conference.  
 Please use the below registration link.  

 Register here    
   
 CoopIS Authors  
 Each accepted paper must be associated with one registration of an author to the conference. Each author registration can only be associated with a single accepted paper. Every author registration must be performed before the deadline, according to the instructions provided by the chairs.  

 Cancellation Policy  
 The registration of participation is binding.  
 If you have to cancel the registration, you get 90% back until 30 days before the start of the event and 50% if you cancel within 15 days prior to the event. After that, no reimbursements will be possible anymore.  
 The participation fees are owed upon registration.  
 Participation is not granted until full payment of the registration fee is received.  
 The conference program is subject to changes.  
 Payments will be refunded if the conference will be canceled by the organizer. In that case, the organizer will have no further liability to the client. Registrations remain valid if the conference has to be postponed.  
 You will receive an order confirmation after the payment.  
 An invoice can be required to declare, via this email address webshop-fssc(at)rug.nl, if desired with the addition of the VAT number of the participant.  

 Accepted Papers  
 Main Conference  
 Regular papers  
 Enhancing Fairness and Accuracy in Machine Learning through Similarity Networks. | Samira Maghool, Elena Casiraghi and Paolo Ceravolo. 
  Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Source. | Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig. 
  AIS – a Metric for assessing the Impact of an Influencer’s Twitter Activity on the Price of a Cryptocurrency. | Kevin Miller and Kristof Böhmer. 
  Managing the Variability of Component Implementations and Their Deployment Configurations Across Heterogeneous Deployment Technologies. | Miles Stötzner, Uwe Breitenbücher, Robin Pesl and Steffen Becker. 
  Adaptive Multi-Agent System for Dynamic Clustering Applied to Itineraries Regularities and Traffic Prediction. | Alexandre Perles, Ha Nhi Ngo, Elsy Kaddoum and Valérie Camps. 
  Double Deep Q-Network-based Time and Energy-efficient Mobility-aware Workflow Migration Approach. | Nour El Houda Boubaker, Karim Zarour, Nawal Guermouche and Djamel Benmerzoug. 
  Decentralized and Autonomous Key Management for Open Multi-Agent Systems of Embedded Agents. | Arthur Baudet, Oum-El-Kheir Aktouf, Annabelle Mercier and Philippe Elbaz-Vincent. 
  An Empirical Study on Socio-technical Modeling for Interdisciplinary Privacy Requirements. | Claudia Negri-Ribalta, Rene Noel, Oscar Pastor and Camille Salinesi. 
  Enhancing Workflow Security in Multi-Cloud Environments through Monitoring and Adaptation upon Cloud Service and Network Security Violations. | Nafiseh Soveizi and Dimka KarastoyanovaNafiseh Soveizi and Dimka Karastoyanova. 
  Beyond Rule-based Named Entity Recognition and Relation Extraction for Process Model Generation from Natural Language Text. | Julian Neuberger, Lars Ackermann and Stefan Jablonski. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation. | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
  On the Semantic Transparency of Declarative Process Models: The Case of Constraints. | Dung My Thi Trinh, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi and Hugo A. López. 
  Discovering Guard Stage Milestone models through hierarchical clustering. | Leyla Moctar M'Baba, Mohamed Sellami, Nour Assy, Walid Gaaloul and Mohamedade Farouk Nanne. 
  Discovery of Workflow Patterns - A Comparison of Process Discovery Algorithm. | Kerstin Andree, Mai Hoang, Felix Dannenberg, Ingo Weber and Luise Pufahl. 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action?. | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  Rectify Sensor Data in IoT: A Case Study on Enabling Process Mining for Logistic Process in an Air Cargo Terminal. | Chiao-Yun Li, Aparna Joshi, Nicholas Tam, Sean Lau, Jinhui Huang, Tejaswini Shinde and Wil van der Aalst. 
  Using Process Mining for Face Validity Assessment in Agent-based Simulation Models: An Exploratory Case Study. | Rob Bemthuis, Ruben Govers and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar. 
  Towards Scaling External Feedback for Early-Stage Researchers: A survey study. | Yuchao Jiang, Marcos Baez and Boualem Benatallah. 
  Social Network Mining from Natural Language Text and Event Logs for Compliance Deviation Detection. | Henryk Mustroph, Karolin Winter and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma. 
  Learning Hierarchical Robot Skills Represented by Behavior Trees from Natural Language. | Kaiyi Wang, Yongjia Zhao, Shuling Dai, Minghao Yang, Yichen He and Ning Zhang. 
  Relating Context and Self Awareness in the Internet of Things. | David Arnaiz, Marc Vila, Eduard Alarcón, Francesc Moll, Maria-Ribera Sancho and Ernest Teniente. 
  Work in Progress (WIP) Papers  
 BAnDIT: Business Process Anomaly Detection in Transactions. | Nico Alexander Rudolf, Kristof Böhmer and Maria Leitner. 
  Resource-Driven Process Manipulation: Modeling Concepts and Valid Allocations. | Felix Schumann and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma. 
  Graph Collaborative Filtering and Data Augmentation Strategies in Dual-Target CDR. | Xiaowen Shao, Baisong Liu, Xueyuan Zhang, Junru Li, Ercong Xu and Shiqi Wu. 
  Clustering Raw Sensor Data in Process Logs to Detect Data Streams. | Matthias Ehrendorfer, Juergen Mangler and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma. 
  Comparing the Performance of GPT-3 with BERT for Decision Requirements Modeling. | Alexandre Goossens, Johannes De Smedt and Jan Vanthienen. 
  A Requirements Study on Model Repositories for Digital Twins in Construction Engineering. | Philipp Zech, Georg Fröch and Ruth Breu. 
  Joint Dynamic Resource Allocation and Trajectory Optimization for UAV-Assisted Mobile Edge Computing in Internet of Vehicles. | Runji Li and Haifeng Sun. 
  Towards an Improved Unsupervised Graph-based MRI Brain Segmentation Method. | Maria Popa and Anca Andreica. 
  User-friendly exploration of highly heterogeneous data lakes. | Nelly Barret, Simon Ebel, Théo Galizzi, Ioana Manolescu and Madhulika Mohanty. 
  Optimizing hospital patient flow by predicting aftercare requests from fuzzy time series. | Renata Medeiros de Carvalho, Stef van der Sommen and Danilo Ferreira de Carvalho. 
  Demo Track  
 TRADEmark - Using Location Data for Mobile Distributed Processes in BPM. | Leo Poss, Richard Jasinski, Michael Market and Stefan Schönig. 
  OptiClust4Rec: Unsupervised data-driven methodology for Quality of Life recommendations during a medical therapy. | Juba Agoun, Yanis Bouallouche and Mohand-Saïd Hacid. 
  A Scikit-learn Extension Dedicated to Process Mining Purposes. | Rafael Oyamada, Gabriel Tavares, Sylvio Barbon Junior and Paolo Ceravolo. 
  A Web Application to Demonstrate the Properties of Label Propagation Algorithms. | Paolo Ceravolo, Samira Maghool and Andrei Georgiani Talpalaru. 
  An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López. 
  Enabling Privacy-Preserving Data Aggregation in Networks of Personal Data Management Systems. | Julien Mirval, Iulian Sandu Popa, Luc Bouganim and Paul Tran-Van. 
  Using Variability4TOSCA and OpenTOSCA Vintner for Holistically Managing Deployment Variability. | Miles Stötzner, Uwe Breitenbücher, Robin D. Pesl and Steffen Becker. 
  Deep Dive Survey Miner. | Marwa Elleuch, Oumaima Alaoui Ismaili and Philippe Legay. 
  Awards  
 Best Paper Award  
 Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig | from the Linköping University received the Best Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. 
  Best Demo Paper Award  
 Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López | received the Best Demo Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Best Paper Runner-up Award | Two best paper runner-ups: 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 

 Keynote Speakers  
  
  CoopIS keynote  
   Boualem Benatallah  
 Full professor, Dublin City University  , Ireland   
   
 Read more →    

 CoopIS keynote  
   Fabio Casati  
 Principal Machine Learning Architect, ServiceNow    
   
 Read more →    

 EDOC keynote  
   Coral Calero Muñoz  
 Professor at the University of Castilla-La Mancha, Spain   
   
 Read more →    

 EDOC keynote  
   Janina Bauer  
 Head of Sustainability at Celonis   
   
 Read more →    

 EDOC keynote  
   Jerker Delsing  
 Professor at the Luleå University of Technology, Sweden   
   
 Read more →    

 Technical Program  
 Download CoopIS2023 Program    

  Time  : Groningen, Netherlands Local Time  
 Please note that CoopIS 2023 is collocated with EDOC 2023 and full registration give access to all week's activities of both conferences. EDOC 2023 program is available at: EDOC     
 Monday  October 30 2023 
  Tuesday  October 31 2023 
  Wednesday  November 1 2023 
  Thursday  November 2 2023 
  Friday  November 3 2023 
   
 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:30 | EDOC workshop sessions 
 10:30-11:00 | Coffee Break 
 11:00-12:30 | EDOC workshop sessions 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | EDOC workshop sessions 
 15:00-15:30 | Coffee Break 
 15:30-17:00 | EDOC workshop sessions 

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-09:30 | CoopIS and EDOC Welcome (BB 105) 
 09:30-10:30 | CoopIS Keynote - Fabio Casati (BB 105) 
 10:30-11:00 | Coffee Break 
 11:00-12:30 | CoopIS session 1   - Knowledge Engineering (BB 105) - Session Chair: Maria-Esther Vidal 
 11:00  Enhancing Fairness and Accuracy in Machine Learning through Similarity Networks. Samira Maghool, Elena Casiraghi and Paolo Ceravolo 
 11:30  Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig 
 12:00  AIS – a Metric for assessing the Impact of an Influencer’s Twitter Activity on the Price of a Cryptocurrency. Kevin Miller and Kristof Böhmer 
 EDOC Tutorial (BB 041b) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | CoopIS session 2   - Deployment and Migration in CISs (BB 105) - Session Chair: Maria-Esther Vidal 
 13:30  - Managing the Variability of Component Implementations and Their Deployment Configurations Across Heterogeneous Deployment Technologies. Miles Stötzner, Uwe Breitenbücher, Robin Pesl and Steffen Becker 
 14:00  - Adaptive Multi-Agent System for Dynamic Clustering Applied to Itineraries Regularities and Traffic Prediction. Alexandre Perles, Ha Nhi Ngo, Elsy Kaddoum and Valérie Camps 
 14:30  - Double Deep Q-Network-based Time and Energy-efficient Mobility-aware Workflow Migration Approach. Nour El Houda Boubaker, Karim Zarour, Nawal Guermouche and Djamel Benmerzoug 
 EDOC Tutorial (BB 041b) 
 15:00-15:30 | Coffee Break 
 15:30-17:00 | EDOC session 1 (BB 105) 
 CoopIS and EDOC demo session (BB 041b) 
 Reception 

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:00 | CoopIS Keynote - Coral Calero (BB 105) 
 10:00-10:30 | Coffee Break 
 10:30-12:30 | CoopIS session 3   Process Modeling and Analytics 1 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Mohamed Sellami 
 10:30  - Beyond Rule-based Named Entity Recognition and Relation Extraction for Process Model Generation from Natural Language Text. Julian Neuberger, Lars Ackermann and Stefan Jablonski 
 11:00  - LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation. Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
 11:30  - On the Semantic Transparency of Declarative Process Models: The Case of Constraints. Dung My Thi Trinh, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi and Hugo A. López 
 12:00  - Discovering Guard Stage Milestone models through hierarchical clustering. Leyla Moctar M’Baba, Mohamed Sellami, Nour Assy, Walid Gaaloul and Mohamedade Farouk Nanne 
 EDOC Session 2 (BB 105) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-14:30 | CoopIS Keynote - Boualem Benatallah (BB 105) 
 14:30-15:00 | Coffee Break 
 15:00-17:00 | CoopIS session 4   Process Modeling and Analytics 2 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Walid Gaaloul 
 15:00  - Discovery of Workflow Patterns - A Comparison of Process Discovery Algorithm. Kerstin Andree, Mai Hoang, Felix Dannenberg, Ingo Weber and Luise Pufahl 
 15:30  - From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers 
 16:00  - Rectify Sensor Data in IoT: A Case Study on Enabling Process Mining for Logistic Process in an Air Cargo Terminal. Chiao-Yun Li, Aparna Joshi, Nicholas Tam, Sean Lau, Jinhui Huang, Tejaswini Shinde and Wil van der Aalst 
 16:30  - Using Process Mining for Face Validity Assessment in Agent-based Simulation Models: An Exploratory Case Study. Rob Bemthuis, Ruben Govers and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar 
 EDOC Session 3 (BB 105) 
 19:00-22:00 | Conference Dinner  

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:00 | EDOC Keynote - Janina Bauer (BB 105) 
 10:00-10:30 | Coffee Break 
 10:30-12:30 | CoopIS session 5   Human Aspects and Social Interaction in CISs (BB 253) - Session Chair: Hervé Panetto 
 10:30  - Towards Scaling External Feedback for Early-Stage Researchers: A survey study. Yuchao Jiang, Marcos Baez and Boualem Benatallah 
 11:00  - Learning Hierarchical Robot Skills Represented by Behavior Trees from Natural Language. Kaiyi Wang, Yongjia Zhao, Shuling Dai, Minghao Yang, Yichen He and Ning Zhang 
 11:30  - Relating Context and Self Awareness in the Internet of Things. David Arnaiz, Marc Vila, Eduard Alarcón, Francesc Moll, Maria-Ribera Sancho and Ernest Teniente 
 12:00  - Social Network Mining from Natural Language Text and Event Logs for Compliance Deviation Detection. Henryk Mustroph, Karolin Winter and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma 
 EDOC Session 4 (BB 105) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | CoopIS session 6   Security and Privacy in CISs (BB 105) - Session Chair: Philipp Zech 
 13:30  Decentralized and Autonomous Key Management for Open Multi-Agent Systems of Embedded Agents. Arthur Baudet, Oum-El-Kheir Aktouf, Annabelle Mercier and Philippe Elbaz-Vincent 
 14:00  An Empirical Study on Socio-technical Modeling for Interdisciplinary Privacy Requirements. Claudia Negri-Ribalta, Rene Noel, Oscar Pastor and Camille Salinesi 
 14:30  - Enhancing Workflow Security in Multi-Cloud Environments through Monitoring and Adaptation upon Cloud Service and Network Security. Nafiseh Soveizi and Dimka Karastoyanova 
 CoopIS session 7   Work in Progress (WIP) Papers 1 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Renata Carvalho 
 BAnDIT: Business Process Anomaly Detection in Transactions. Nico Alexander Rudolf, Kristof Böhmer and Maria Leitner 
 Resource-Driven Process Manipulation: Modeling Concepts and Valid Allocations. Felix Schumann and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma 
 Graph Collaborative Filtering and Data Augmentation Strategies in Dual-Target CDR. Xiaowen Shao, Baisong Liu, Xueyuan Zhang, Junru Li, Ercong Xu and Shiqi Wu. 
 Clustering Raw Sensor Data in Process Logs to Detect Data Streams. Matthias Ehrendorfer, Juergen Mangler and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma 
 Comparing the Performance of GPT-3 with BERT for Decision Requirements Modeling. Alexandre Goossens, Johannes De Smedt and Jan Vanthienen 
 15:00-15:30 | Coffee Break 
 15:30-17:00 | CoopIS session 8   Work in Progress (WIP) Papers 2 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Claudia Negri-Ribalta 
 A Requirements Study on Model Repositories for Digital Twins in Construction Engineering. Philipp Zech, Georg Fröch and Ruth Breu 
 Joint Dynamic Resource Allocation and Trajectory Optimization for UAV-Assisted Mobile Edge Computing in Internet of Vehicles. Runji Li and Haifeng Sun 
 Towards an Improved Unsupervised Graph-based MRI Brain Segmentation Method. Maria Popa and Anca Andreica 
 User-friendly exploration of highly heterogeneous data lakes. Nelly Barret, Simon Ebel, Théo Galizzi, Ioana Manolescu and Madhulika Mohanty 
 Optimizing hospital patient flow by predicting aftercare requests from fuzzy time series. S Renata Medeiros de Carvalho, Stef van der Sommen and Danilo Ferreira de Carvalho 
 EDOC Panel: Panel: Sustainable Enterprises (BB 105) 
 17:00 | CoopIS Closing session 

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:00 | EDOC Keynote - Jerker Desling (BB 105) 
 10:00-10:30 | Coffee Break 
 10:30-12:30 | EDOC session 5 (BB 105) 
 PhD Symposium (EAE 5159.0010) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | PhD Symposium (EAE 5159.0010) 
 15:00-15:30 | EDOC Closing session 

 Proceedings  
 CoopIS 2023 Proceedings  

  CoopIS Demonstration Track 2023 Proceedings  

 Sponsoring  
 The joint CoopIS and EDOC conferences provide sponsors with a carefully selected, high-level audience with which to interact. Leading technologists mingle with brand names, world-renowned scientists and key business users from various application markets to provide a unique networking experience. In addition, carefully placed speaker slots and named sessions ensure your brand is showcased in a targeted environment. We offer 3 main sponsorship packages to help you meet a range of visibility and lead generation needs. Please feel free to contact us to discuss these and tailor our standard offering to your specific needs.  
 Our target for these joint events is to have over 150 technology vendors, users and integrators, business leaders, leading developers, researchers, investors and analysts in an on-site attendance. CoopIS' and EDOC' 2023 are the ideal meeting places to learn, share, network, forge new partnerships, find new customers and prepare for the multilingual smart future.  
  
 Contact the sponsorship team for enquiries, questions and bookings. Email: secr at coopisconference dot org  
 Details on the conference sponsoring offers (Prizes excl. 20% VAT) are given below:  
 Download Sponsoring Flyer    
  
 Silver Package €1.500 | Gold Package €2.500 | Platinium Package €4.500 
 Prominent logo placement on the Website |  
 Logo placement in the printed conference program |  
 Display of company logo during plenary speeches |  
 Your leaflet in the attendees box |  
 Mentioning of the sponsors in all social media activities |  
 Two registrations to non-author persons of your choice or one registration for one author at the EDOC+CoopIS forum |  
 Your posters on display at the entrance of the conference location |  
 We cover 2 nights accommodation, you cover your travel costs |  
 Your logo on badges |  
 Promo booth at conference facility |  

 CoopIS 2023 will take place in Groningen, The Netherlands Nethelands (30 October–3 November 2023). It will be hosted at the Bernoulli Institute  at the University of Groningen.  
 About Groningen  
 The city of Groningen is the capital of the province of Groningen, the most north eastern province of the Netherlands. The largest (230000 people) urban center in the area, it is a relatively undiscovered and unspoiled part of the Netherlands that has kept most of its authenticity.  
 Groningen is one of the happiest cities in Europe, and happiest small city in the Netherlands, scoring in the top five European cities for quality of life, education, public domain, health care and air quality. Students comprise an estimated 25% of its total population and makes it the country's demographically youngest city.  
 The city is founded in the third century BC, and was in 1614 the second university city in the Netherlands.  
 Would you like to find out more about Groningen? Please visit the website www.visitgroningen.nl  .  

 How to get to Groningen  
 Information about transportation and accommodation options is available in the EDOC'23 venue section. You can find more details at this link  .  

 Supported by  

 Email  : secr at coopisconference dot org   
 Designed with  by Xiaoying Riley  for developers  . Photo by Rutger van der Maar, CC BY 2.0    
 Details in the registration section.   

 Best paper candidates  
 From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
  Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. | Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig. 

 Joint Conferences Dinner & Awards Announcement  
 Transportation from NOI to Castel Flavon. | Busses will be available to transport participants from NOI to Castel Flavon. Departures are scheduled for 18:00 and 18:30. Castel Flavon cannot be easily accessed via public transit. 
  Joint Conferences Dinner & Awards Announcement. | Castel Flavon from 19:00 to 21:30. 
  Transportation from Castel Flavon to NOI and to the city center | Busses will be available to transport participants back to the city with stops at NOI and in the city center. Departures are scheduled for at 21:30 and 22:00. Castel Flavon cannot be easily accessed via public transit. 

 Best Paper Award  
 Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig | from the Linköping University received the Best Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. 
  Best Demo Paper Award  
 Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López | received the Best Demo Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Best Paper Runner-up Award | Two best paper runner-ups: 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 

 Stephen Mellor's slides   

 Dan Isaacs's slides   

 ×  Boualem Benatallah  
   
  Boualem Benatallah  
 Full professor, Dublin City University, Ireland    

 Biography:  
 Boualem Benatallah is a full professor of computing at Dublin City University (DCU, Ireland) since Jan 2022. He is a fellow of the IEEE. His main research interests are developing fundamental concepts and techniques in Web services middleware, business process automation, quality control in crowdsourcing and AI-enabled services, automated and crowdsourced training data curation, conversational cognitive services, and context-aware and compositional task-oriented conversational services. He has published more than 300 refereed papers including more than 100 journal papers. Benatallah has been general and PC chair of a number of international conferences. He has been a guest editor of several special issues for reputable international journals. He is a member of the steering committee of ICSOC (Int. Conference on Service Oriented Computing) conferences. He is a member of the editorial board of numerous international journals including ACM Transactions on Web, IEEE Transactions on services computing, and ACM Computing surveys. He supervised over 36 research (including 32 PhD and 5 Masters by Research) students to completion as principal or joint supervisor. Benatallah has had over 21 years as a senior lecturer, associate professor, full professor and then Scientia professor at UNSW Sydney (Australia) before joining DCU.  
 Abstract :  
 Conversational AI enabled Services : Opportunities, Risks and Directions   
 Conversational AI-enabled augmentation and integration promises to transform services and processes through data-driven automation and insights. Nonetheless, despite the early adoption, conversational AI-enabled service and process management technologies are still only in their preliminary stages of development, with several unsolved challenges stemming from a lack of computational abstractions and models to reason about ambiguity, composition and quality aspects that are inherent in data-driven processes. We will revisit abstractions, concepts, and techniques in data-driven service models and middleware. We will discuss synergies between intent-based composition, composition synthesis, robotic process automation and other technologies as a step forward to scale conversational AI services enablement. We will also briefly discuss quality control in training data curation and AI-enabled software services.  

 ×  Fabio Casati  
   
  Fabio Casati  
 Principal Machine Learning Architect   
 ServiceNow    

 Biography:  
  
 Fabio Casati is a Principal Machine Learning Architect at Servicenow as well as technical lead for the AI Trust and Governance group in servicenow research. Fabio focuses on designing, architecting and deploying AI-powered workflows for enterprise customers. On the research side, he is working on AI applied to workflows and on quality in AI. Previously he was Professor at the University of Trento. In that role, he started research lines on crowdsourcing and hybrid human-machine computations, focusing on applications that have direct positive impact on society through tangible artefacts adopted by the community. Prior to that, he was technical lead for the research program on business process intelligence in Hewlett-Packard USA, where he contributed to several HP commercial products in the area of web services and business process management. He co-authored a best-selling book on Web services and is author of over 250 peer-reviewed papers and dozens of patents.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Responsible Enterprise AI in the era of powerful models   
   
 Companies are devoting significant effort -and budget- into powering their processes with AI. The trend and enthusiasm towards AI-powered processes has skyrocketed in recent months with the advent of powerful large language models (LLMs), that open new possibilities and drive users interest and expectations. Leveraging the benefits of AI in an enterprise context however is far from trivial. AI are still probabilistic systems that operate in somewhat mysterious ways, often with a business value that is hard to measure, that may fall into major blunders, and that may be harmful to people of not used properly. The distance that still exists between the power of modern AI and the impact it has had so far on the enterprise is surprising to many, given that recent models report super-human performance in many tasks seemingly related to what AI is asked to do in the enterprise.  
 In this talk I will present some of the reasons for the disconnect between the (perceived) quality of AI services on one side, and the transformational impact they can have on AI-powered enterprise processes on the other. I will focus specifically on two key challenges. The first is the way we measure and communicate the quality of AI services: the way many companies approach this problem is fundamentally wrong, and this leads to wrong process design decisions and to an improper use of AI in business processes.  
 The second is that AI service and technology providers often focus on the benefits of AI services once in production, but underestimate the importance of simplifying the journey that process owners have to follow to get there, the perceived risk - or lack of trust - in AI, and how difficult it is to create and use good benchmarks. I will present concrete examples of all these issues, and show (i) how we can rethink the notion of AI quality in enterprise processes and (ii) how we can simplify the journey to quality, useful and deliver trustworthy AI-powered processes.  

 ×  Janina Bauer  
   
  Janina Bauer  
 Head of Sustainability   
 Celonis    

 Biography:  
  
 As Global Head of Sustainability at the software company Celonis, Janina Bauer (Nakladal) is responsible for driving the company's sustainability agenda. Together with her global team, she manages strategic programmes (including ESG reporting, employee engagement, product development and co-innovation with customers and partners) to embed Celonis' core value "Earth is our future" into the company's operations and strategy.  
 With the Celonis Execution Management System used by global companies to improve process efficiency and decarbonise supply chains, Celonis is growing disproportionately while reducing its own environmental footprint and increasing its positive social impact. Prior to joining Celonis, Ms. Bauer worked in a variety of roles at Siemens Healthineers, Random House Publishing and the United Nations, among others.  
 Ms. Bauer represents Celonis in external forums, partnerships and stakeholder engagement. She raises awareness of the importance of sustainability criteria in the optimisation and redesign of corporate processes. The resolution of the supposed conflict between economic aspects on the one hand and sustainability criteria on the other is one of her central concerns. For her commitment, she was honoured, among other things, by the Handelsblatt as one of the "50 Climate Pioneers in Germany" in 2021.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Can processes save the world?   
   
 Processes determine the course of our lives: in our everyday routine or in companies - everywhere it is important when something takes place and how. What positive and negative influence do processes have on us? And what role do they play for companies and society in crucial transformations such as the sustainability transformation? The keynote looks at this from a solution-oriented, data-driven and practical perspective.  
 We zoom in: From macroeconomic challenges and the carefully considered balance between sustainability goals and other economic goals, we analyze the supply chain and its processes as the biggest lever for sustainability success and go down to why every single activity's carbon footprint matters.  
 We review the concept of Process Mining to create process transparency and automatize carbon emission measurements - but most importantly find emission hotspots and eliminate them to operationalize sustainability goals. And we are looking at the frontier of innovation and what has to come next.  
 But for a really credible sustainability transformation we have to ensure that process transparency itself is a blessing rather than a curse. What does responsible Process Mining look like?  

 ×  Jerker Delsing  
   
  Jerker Delsing  
 Professor of Cyber-Physical Systems and a chaired professor in Industrial Electronics at the Embedded Intelligent Systems LAB (EISLAB) at the Luleå University of Technology, Sweden   

 Biography:  
  
 Jerker Delsing is a Professor of Cyber-Physical Systems and a chaired professor in Industrial Electronics at the Embedded Intelligent Systems LAB (EISLAB) at the Luleå University of Technology, Sweden .  
 His current research focus is on IoT, Cyber Physical Systems (CPS), Systems of Systems (SoS) and Systems of SPS (SoCPS ) with applications primarily to industrial automation and digitalization. In this context, he is working towards developing IoT and SoS architectures, SoS Engineering, low power electronics and sensors, and embedded EMC.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Flexible production value networks a possibility of an utopia   
   
 Efficient and flexible production value networks is important for any producing industry. The currently obvious approach is digitalisation. Major complicating factors of cost efficient digitalisation is information interoperability. Information/data interoperability is a complex and non-trivial field. The is true for all type of information/data from enterprise level to production shop floor level. Addressing this situation will require both new technologies but even more a capability to implement such new technology.  
 In my keynote I will discuss the technology situation and new approaches to provide autonomous information/data interoperability in flexible production value networks. Implementing such new technology in production will require changes in investments and organisation strategies.  

 ×  Coral Calero Muñoz  
   
  Coral Calero Muñoz  
 Professor at the University of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain   

 Biography:  
  
 Coral Calero is a Professor at the University of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain and has a PhD in Computer Science. She is a member of the Alarcos Research Group, being responsible of the "Green and Sustainable software" line research, where two main lines of work are developed. The first one addresses issues such as measuring the impact that software and information systems have on the environment and how to improve its energy efficiency, as well as human and economic aspects related to software sustainability. The second major line of work supports all the group's dissemination activities to raise awareness of the impact that software has on the environment.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Always look on the green side of software   
   
 That software moves the world is a clear fact. And that it is becoming more and more important, too. There are three aspects that have led to an increase in the intensity with which software is used: the Internet and social networks, data and artificial intelligence.  
 However, not everything is positive in the support that software provides to our daily lives. There are estimates that ICT will be responsible for 20% of global energy consumption by 2030, part of which will be due to software. And precisely the three mentioned aspects require large amounts of energy  
 In this keynote we will review different concepts related to software sustainability, and we will show some results of software consumption measurements that we have carried out on the one hand, cases carried out to raise awareness in society in general about the impact that software has on the environment through examples of internet software and social networks; On the other hand, examples related to software, data and artificial intelligence carried out with the aim of creating a set of best practices for the software professionals.  
 Our ultimate goal is to make you aware of the consumption problem associated with software and to ensure that, if at first, we were concerned with the "what" and later with the "how", now it is time to focus on the "with what".