Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Technical Program  Social Event  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Panels  Demo Track  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Invited Speakers    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 CoopIS 2024 will be held in conjunction with ICINCO 2024    , WEBIST 2024    , icSPORTS 2024    , CHIRA 2024    , IN4PL 2024    , IJCCI 2024    , IC3K 2024    and EXPLAINS 2024    .   
  Registration to CoopIS allows free access to the ICINCO, WEBIST, icSPORTS, CHIRA, IN4PL, IJCCI, IC3K and EXPLAINS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  New registrations are now only available at the conference welcome desk    
 Please visit the CoopIS 2025 website   

 Download the Conference App from Play Store or App Store now, to have mobile access to the technical program and also to get notifications and reminders concerning your favorite sessions.   

 Cooperative Information Systems (CIS) facilitate the cooperation between individuals, organisations, smart devices, and systems of systems, by providing flexible, scalable and intelligent services to enterprises, public institutions and user communities. As a result, people and smart devices can interact, share information and work together across physical barriers. The domain of CIS integrates research results from different related computing areas, such as: distributed systems, coordination technologies, collaborative decision making, enterprise architecture, business process management and conceptual modelling. In recent years, several innovative technologies have emerged: Cloud Computing, Service Oriented Computing, the Internet of Things, Linked Open Data, Semantic Systems, Collective Awareness Platforms, Block Chain, Processes as a Service, etc, that enable the next generation of CISs.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Knowledge Graphs, Data, Information, and Knowledge Engineering   
  
  2  .  Inductive Learning, Machine-Learning and Knowledge Discovery   
  
  3  .  Process Analytics and Technology   
  
  4  .  Semantic Interoperability and Open Standards   
  
  5  .  Human-centric Security and Privacy in Information Systems   
  
  6  .  Internet of Things, Cyber Physical Systems and Digital Twins   
  
  7  .  Architecture and Management of Information Systems   
  
  8  .  Human Aspects and Social Interaction in Information Systems   
  
  9  .  Services and Cloud in Information Systems   
  
  10  .  Applications of AI augmented Information Systems   

  General Co-chairs    
 Mohamed Sellami  ,  Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, SAMOVAR, France   
  Zhangbing Zhou  ,  University of Geosciences, China   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Marco Comuzzi  ,  Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Korea, Republic of   
  Daniela Grigori  ,  Paris Dauphine- PSL University, France   

 STEERING COMMITTEE   
 Prof. Hervé Panetto (chair)  , University of Lorraine, CRAN, CNRS, France   
  Prof. Boualem Benatallah (chair)  , Dublin City University, Ireland   
  Prof. Walid Gaaloul  , Telecom SudParis, France   
  Prof. Maria-Esther Vidal  , Institute of Data Science & L3S Research Center, Leibniz University Hannover, Germany   
  Prof. Hajo Reijers  , Utrecht University, The Netherlands   
  Prof. Michael Sheng  , Macquarie University, Australia    

 PUBLICITY CHAIRS    
 Joyce El Haddad  ,  Universite Paris Dauphine-PSL, France   
  Laura Genga  ,  Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Paul Grefen  ,  School of Industrial Engineering, Eindhoven University of Technology / Eviden Digital Transformation Consulting, Netherlands   
  Barbara Weber  ,  University of St.Gallen, Switzerland   

 Demo Track of CoopIS 2024 - CoopIS-DT   
  Chairs:  Marwa Elleuch and Marwan Hassani  

 Publications:     
  The proceedings will be published by  
  Springer in a LNCS Series book   

  Authors of selected papers will be invited  
  to submit an extended version to a special  
  issue in the Enterprise Information Systems  
  Journal  (Topics related to EIS).  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  International Journal of Cooperative Information  
  Systems  (Topics related to CIS).  

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC