Freiburg, Germany   
  June 11-16, 2011    
 21st International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling   

 Home 
  Technical Program 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Summer School 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Committees 

 HDIP 
  KEPS 
  PAL 
  GAPRec 
  SPARK 
  MCTS 
  COPLAS 
  VVPS 
  Call for Workshops 

 COPLAS. Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems  
 The areas of AI planning and scheduling have seen important advances thanks to the application of constraint satisfaction models and techniques. Solutions to many real-world problems need to integrate plan synthesis capabilities with resource allocation, which can be efficiently managed by using constraint satisfaction techniques.  
 The workshop will aim at providing a forum for researchers in the field of Artificial Intelligence to discuss novel issues on planning, scheduling constraint programming/constraint satisfaction problems (CSPs) and many other common areas that exist among them. On the whole, the workshop will mainly focus on managing complex problems where planning, scheduling and constraint satisfaction must be combined and/or interrelated, which entails an enormous potential for practical applications and future research.  
 This workshop continues the trail of the successful COPLAS since 2006. During two years, the workshop was a joint workshop for both ICAPS and CP which provided a broader audience and gave the participants of both events the opportunity to exchange ideas and approaches that lead to a valuable and fruitful discussion, and inspired forthcoming research.  
 COPLAS is ranked as CORE B  in ERA Conference Ranking.  
 Proceedings  
 The COPLAS proceedings  are available as pdf  .  
 Schedule  
 This schedule as a PDF file.   
 The workshop will be held on June 13, 2011  in hall 101–00–010/014  on the computer science campus.  
  
 09:00-09:05 | Welcome 
 Planning and SAT 
 09:05-09:35 | Christian Muise, Sheila McIlraith, J. Christopher Beck  
  Optimization of Partial-Order Plans via MAXSAT   
  Commentator: Vidal Alcazar 
 09:35-10:05 | Farah Juma, Eric Hsu, Sheila McIlraith  
  Exploiting MaxSAT for Preference-Based Planning   
  Commentator: Vidal Alcazar 
 10:05-10:35 | Vidal Alcazar, Manuela Veloso  
  A SAT Compilation of the Landmark Graph   
  Commentator: Sheila McIlraith 
 Coffee Break 
 Scheduling and Resource Allocation 
 11:00-11:30 | Tony T. Tran, J. Christopher Beck  
  A Logic-Based Benders Approach to Scheduling with Alternative Resources and Setup Times   
  Commentator: Angelo Oddi 
 11:30-12:00 | Angelo Oddi, Riccardo Rasconi, Amedeo Cesta, Stephen F. Smith  
  Applying Iterative Flattening Search to the Job Shop Scheduling Problem with Alternative Resources and Sequence Dependent Setup Times   
  Commentator: Irene Barba 
 12:00-12:30 | Stefan Heinz, J. Christopher Beck  
  Solving Resource Allocation/Scheduling Problems with Constraint Integer Programming   
  Commentator: Carmelo del Valle 
 Lunch Break 
 Modelling and Real-life Problems 
 14:00-14:30 | Irene Barba, Carmelo Del Valle  
  A Constraint-based Approach for Planning and Scheduling Repeated Activities   
  Commentator: Ignacio Castiñeiras 
 14:30-15:00 | Ignacio Castiñeiras, Fernando Sáenz-Pérez  
  A CFLP Approach for Modeling an Optimization Scheduling Problem   
  Commentator: Richard Hoshino 
 15:00-15:30 | Richard Hoshino, Ken-ichi Kawarabayashi  
  The Distance-Optimal Inter-League Schedule for Japanese Pro Baseball   
  Commentator: Angelo Oddi 
  
 Call for Papers  
 We invite submissions on any topic relevant to the workshop, particularly those that combine techniques from both perspectives, planning & scheduling, and constraint programming. This includes but is not limited to:  
 constraint modelling for planning & scheduling 
  reformulations of constraint models for P&S 
  global constraints motivated by P&S 
  temporal CSPs 
  integration of temporal and resource reasoning via CSPs 
  search techniques and heuristics 
  distributed/parallel solving techniques 
  constraint management in P&S systems 
  real-life applications 
  Papers must be prepared according to the AAAI style template  ( http://www.aaai.org/Publications/Author/author.php  ) and should be no more than eight pages, including figures and bibliography. Submissions will be handled via EasyChair at http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=coplas11  . Every submitted paper will be reviewed by at least two members of the Program Committee. Accepted papers will be included in the workshop notes.  
 A journal special issue is under consideration for best papers of COPLAS'11.  
 Important Dates  
 Submission deadline: | March 25, 2011 
  Notification: | April 15, 2011 
  Workshop dates: | June 13th, 2011 
  Workshop Format  
 The workshop will be organized in technical sessions; each session will be concluded by a commentary of the session chair. The goal of the commentary is not only to summarize the content of talks but to highlight important novel points and raise questions to foster further discussion. We also plan to have individual commentary of each paper done by other authors in the session. Rather than being a mini-conference, the workshop will focus on opening new research areas and topics, discussing possible solutions, exchanging ideas and approaches, and in general inspiring forthcoming research.  
 Organizers  
 Miguel A. Salido | (contact person) | Universidad Politécnica de Valencia (Spain) 
  Roman Barták | Charles University (Czech Republic) 
  Nicola Policella | European Space Agency (Germany) 
  Programme Committee  
 Federico Barber | , Universidad Politécnica de Valencia, Spain 
  Roman Bartak | , Charles University, The Czech Republic 
  Amedeo Cesta | , ISTC-CNR, Italy 
  Minh Binh Do | , Parc, USA 
  Enrico Giunchiglia | , Universita di Genova, Italy 
  Peter Jarvis | , NASA Ames Research Center, USA 
  Michela Milano | , Università di Bologna, Italy 
  Alexander Nareyek | , National University of Singapore, Singapore 
  Eva Onaindía | , Universidad Politécnica de Valencia, Spain 
  Nicola Policella | , European Space Agency, Germany 
  Hana Rudová | , Masaryk University, The Czech Republic 
  Francesca Rossi | , University of Padova, Italy 
  Migual A. Salido | , Universidad Politecnica Valencia, Spain 
  Pascal Van Hentenryck | , Brown University, USA 
  Gérard Verfaillie | , ONERA, Centre de Toulouse, France 
  Vincent Vidal | , CRIL-IUT, France 
  Petr Vilim | , ILOG, France 
  Toby Walsh | , UNSW, Sydney and NICTA, Australia 
  Neil Yorke-Smith | , American University of Beirut/SRI International, USA 
  List of previous editions of COPLAS  
 COPLAS'10   ICAPS 2010 Workshop on Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems. Toronto, Canada, 2010  COPLAS'09   ICAPS 2009 Workshop on Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems, Thessaloniki, Greece, 2009  COPLAS'08   CP/ICAPS Joint Workshop on Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems, Sydney, Australia, 2008  COPLAS'07   CP/ICAPS Joint Workshop on Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems. Providence, Rhode Island, USA, 2007  COPLAS'06   ICAPS Workshop on Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems, Cumbria, UK, 2006     
   
 23 March 2013   
 copyright © ICAPS-2011 / copyright photos  Send your comments about the site to Gabriele Röger  .   

 Valid XHTML  Valid CSS