Jerusalem, Israel   
  June 7-11, 2015    
 25th International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling   

 Home 
  Technical Program 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Special Tracks 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Conference Info 
  Co-located Events 
  Committees 

 Workshops Home 
  HSDIP 
  PlanRob 
  COPLAS 
  SPARK 
  DMAP 
  MOCHAP 
  WIPC 
  PAL 

 Research Workshop of the Israel Science Foundation  

  COPLAS. Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems  
 The workshop aims at providing a forum to discuss novel issues on planning, scheduling, and constraint satisfaction problems. Solutions to many real-world problems need to integrate plan synthesis capabilities with time and resource allocation, which can be efficiently managed by constraint satisfaction and OR techniques. Formulations of P&S problems as CSPs, resource and temporal global constraints, and inference techniques are of particular interest of COPLAS.  
 Objectives and Topics  
 The areas of AI planning and scheduling have seen important advances thanks to the application of constraint satisfaction models and techniques. Especially solutions to many real-world problems need to integrate plan synthesis capabilities with resource allocation, which can be efficiently managed by using constraint satisfaction techniques. The workshop will aim at providing a forum for researchers in the field of Artificial Intelligence to discuss novel issues on planning, scheduling, constraint programming/constraint satisfaction problems (CSPs) and many other common areas that exist among them. On the whole, the workshop will mainly focus on managing complex problems where planning, scheduling and constraint satisfaction must be combined and/or interrelated, which entails an enormous potential for practical applications and future research. COPLAS is ranked as CORE B in ERA Conference Ranking and it is covered in selected Elsevier database products.  
 Proceedings  
 The full COPLAS proceedings are available as a pdf file  .  
 Schedule  
 The workshop will be held on June 7, 2015  in Room E.  
 This schedule as a PDF file.   
  
 08:30-10:00 | Tutorial T1 (Constraint Modeling for Planning) 
 COPLAS workshop (each paper is 20 minutes + 5 minutes for questions/discussion) 
 10:30-10:40 | Workshop opening. 
 10:40-11:05 | Miquel Bofill, Joan Espasa Arxer and Mateu Villaret  
  The RANTANPLAN planner: System description 
 11:05-11:30 | Bryan O’gorman, Eleanor Rieffel, Minh Do and Davide Venturelli  
  Compiling planning into quantum optimization problems: a comparative study 
 11:30-11:55 | Andre Cire, Elvin Coban and John Hooker  
  Logic-based Benders Decomposition for Planning and Scheduling: A Computational Analysis 
 11:55-12:20 | Roman Barták and Jan Jelínek  
  A Constraint-based Optimizer for Scheduling Solar Array Operations on the International Space Station 
  
 Call for Papers  
 This call as a word file  .  
 We invite submissions on any topic relevant to the workshop, particularly those that combine techniques from both perspectives, planning & scheduling, and constraint programming. This includes but is not limited to:  
 Planning (constraint management, temporal planning, multi-criteria planning planning with resources, reformulations to CSP etc.) 
  Scheduling (global constraints, innovative models, robust solutions, energy efficient scheduling, etc.) 
  Integration of planning and scheduling (from a CSP perspective), 
  temporal CSPs 
  Multiobjective planning and scheduling. 
  Metaheuristics techniques. 
  Hybrid CP and OR techniques for P&S. 
  real-life applications 
  We are pleased to accept papers based on recent publications from other (non ICAPS) venues such as specialized conferences (CP, CP-AI-OR, AAMAS, ...), or general AI conferences (AAAI, IJCAI, ECAI, ...). This must be however clearly indicated in the submitted.  
 Submissions  
 Papers must be prepared according to the instructions for ICAPS-15 (in AAAI format) available at http://www.aaai.org/Publications/Author/author.php and must be no more than ten (10) pages long, including figures and bibliography. Papers must be in the PDF format and should be submitted via the EasyChair conference system (https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=coplas15). Every submitted paper will be reviewed by at least two members of the Program Committee. Late submissions must be consulted with the workshop organizers prior the submission deadline. Accepted papers will be included in the workshop notes. Selected papers will be published in different international journals: Knowledge Engineering Review and Iberoamerican Journal of Artificial Intelligence. Papers must be prepared according to the instructions for ICAPS-15 (in AAAI format) available at http://www.aaai.org/Publications/Author/author.php  and must be no more than ten (10) pages long, including figures and bibliography. Papers must be in the PDF format and should be submitted via the EasyChair conference system ( https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=coplas15  ). Every submitted paper will be reviewed by at least two members of the Program Committee. Late submissions must be consulted with the workshop organizers prior the submission deadline. Accepted papers will be included in the workshop notes.  
  
 Selected papers will be published in different international journals: Knowledge Engineering Review and Iberoamerican Journal of Artificial Intelligence.   
 Deadlines  
 Submission deadline: | March 1, 2015 | EXTENDED: | March 6, 2015 
  Notification: March 20, 2015 
  Final version: April 30, 2015 
  Workshop: June 7, 2015 
  Workshop Program Chairs  
 Miguel A. Salido | , Universidad Politécnica de Valencia, Spain 
  Roman Barták | , Charles University, Czech Republic 
  Tentative Program committee  
 Federico Barber, Universidad Politecnica de Valencia, Spain 
  Roman Bartak, Charles University, The Czech Republic 
  Amedeo Cesta, ISTC-CNR, Italy 
  Minh Binh Do, NASA Ames Research Center, USA 
  Agostino Dovier, Universita Degli Studi di Unide, Italy 
  Enrico Giunchiglia, Universita di Genova, Italy 
  Weidong Li, Coventry University, UK 
  Eva Onaindia, Universidad Politecnica de Valencia, Spain 
  Nicola Policella, European Space Agency, Germany 
  Hana Rudova, Masaryk University, The Czech Republic 
  Miguel A. Salido, Universidad Politecnica Valencia, Spain 
  Torsten Schaub, University of Potsdam, Germany 
  Dunbing Tang, Nanjing University of Aeronautics&Astronomics, China 
  Enrico Pontelli, New Mexico State University, USA 
  Ramiro Varela, Universidad de Oviedo, Spain 
  Gerard Verfaillie, ONERA, Centre de Toulouse, France 
  Vincent Vidal, CRIL-IUT, France 
  Petr Vilim, ILOG, France 
  Neil Yorke-Smith, American University of Beirut, Lebanon 
  Neng-Fa Zhou, The City University of New York, USA 
  .   
   
 17 July 2014   
 copyright © ICAPS-2015 / copyright photos  Send your comments about the site to Ran Taig  .   

 Valid XHTML  Valid CSS