CP 2023  August 27–31, 2023, Toronto, Canada (physical meeting)   
 The 29th International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming  
 August 27 - 31, 2023, Toronto, Canada (physical meeting)  

 Updates  
 For regular updates and the latest news, follow us on Twitter @cp_conf  and @cp2023conf  , or on Mastodon  at @cp2023conf@mastodon.acm.org  .   
 Sep 27th  : Check out the finalised proceedings  !  
  Sep 26th  : You can find the code for the Explainable Constraint Solving  tutorial here  !  
  Sep 11th  : Thanks everyone for attending CP and for all your contributions! You can find the pictures we took at the event here  . See you next year!  
  Aug 25th  : We have finalised the main conference schedule  !! (possibly modulo minor changes)  
  Aug 25th  : The DPSolve workshop has now also released its program  !  
  Aug 24th  : Check out the program  for the DEI Special Event!  
  Aug 18th  : The Optimization for Sports  and the Progress Towards the Holy Grail  workshops have also published their programs!  
  Aug 17th  : We have uploaded more information on the Invited Talks  and on the Tutorials  . Check it out!  
  Aug 16th  : Check out the program  for the Workshop on Constraint Modelling and Reformulation!  
  Aug 15th  : The program  for the Workshop on Teaching Constraint Programming is now available!  
  Aug 15th  : Don't forget to indicate your meal choice in the email you have received after registration. Deadline is today AoE!  
  Aug 13th  : Check out the preliminary  detailed schedule  !  
  Aug 13th  : Click here  to find everything you need to know about the Doctoral Program.  
  Aug 7th  : We have uploaded a preliminary schedule  for CP 2023!  
  July 11th  : Our Registration page  is live!  
  July 11th  : Check out our updated Accommodation page  to find a hotel.  
  July 10th  : Please check out our Call for DEI Scholarship  (application deadline: 31 July, 2023).  
  July 4th:  The abstract and paper submission deadlines for the doctoral program have been extended! Check the Doctoral Program CfP  for more details.   
  June 28th:  Check the Tutorials page  for the abstracts of this year's tutorials.  
  June 21st:  Check the Workshop page  for the submission deadlines of this year's workshops.  
  April 26th:  Some submission deadlines have been extended, see the Call for Papers  .   
    
 CP 2023  
 The International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming (CP) is the premier annual conference on all aspects of computing with constraints, including theory, algorithms, models, solvers, and a diverse range of applications in machine learning/artificial intelligence, planning, and scheduling, to name a few. This is the 29th version of the CP series  organized by the Association for Constraint Programming  .  
 The CP 2023 program will include presentations of high quality scientific papers on constraints technology, featuring multiple thematic tracks. It will be located at the beautiful Toronto, Canada  , at the University of Toronto St. George campus (downtown). Apart from the Technical Program consisting of the Main track and four tracks (Applications, Machine Learning, Operations Research and Trustworthy Decision-Making), there will be invited talks, tutorials and workshops.  
   
    Sponsors  
 CP 2023 appreciates the generous support of our sponsors.  
  
  Gold sponsors  

  Sponsors  

 CP 2023   
  
 Welcome 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  CALLS | Papers 
  Workshops 
  Doctoral Program 
  DEI Scholarship 
  Participation 
  PROGRAM | Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Proceedings 
   
  Accepted Papers 
  Invited Talks 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Doctoral Program 
  DEI Initiatives 
  LOCAL INFORMATION | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Visa Information 
  Code of conduct 
  SPONSOR INFORMATION | This year's sponsors 
  Sponsorship for Constraint Programming (CP) 2023 
  Pictures 
   
 Important Dates  
  
 Regular submissions  

 Abstract Submission | April 27th  April 28th 
 Full Paper Submission | May 2nd  May 5th 
 Author Response Start | June 10th  June 15th 
 Author Response Due | June 14th  June 19th 
  
 SAT Fast-Track submissions  

 Abstract Submission | May 1st  May 2nd 
 Full Paper Submission | May 17th (unchanged) 
 Author Response Start | June 15th 
 Author Response Due | June 17th 
  
 Common dates  

 Final Notification | July 3rd  July 6th 
 Camera Ready | July 10th  July 15th 
  
 Dates are intended as anywhere on Earth  (AoE).  
  
 Tweets by cp_conf