Home 
  2024 
  2023-2014 
  2013-2004 
  2003-1999 
  More | Home 
  2024 
  2023-2014 
  2013-2004 
  2003-1999 

 Home 
  2024 
  2023-2014 
  2013-2004 
  2003-1999 

 CPAIOR Conference Series  
 CPAIOR Conference Series  CPAIOR Conference Series  CPAIOR Conference Series    

 International Conference on the Integration of Constraint Programming, Artificial Intelligence, and Operations Research   

 CPAIOR 2025    

 22nd International Conference on the Integration of Constraint Programming, Artificial Intelligence, and Operations Research, November 10-13, 2025, Melbourne, Australia.   

 Co-located with ICAPS 2025  , the International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling.   

 Program and Conference Chair: Guido Tack   
   
 Conference Website    

 About CPAIOR    
 The aim of the CPAIOR conference series is to bring together interested researchers from Constraint Programming (CP), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Operations Research (OR) to present new techniques or new applications, and to provide an opportunity for researchers in one area to learn about techniques in the others. A main objective of this conference series is to give researchers the opportunity to show how the integration of techniques from different fields can lead to interesting results on large and complex problems.   

 Typically, papers presented at CPAIOR actively combine, integrate, or contrast approaches from more than one of the areas. High quality papers from a single area are usually also welcome. Finally, application papers showcasing CP/AI/OR techniques on innovative and challenging applications or experience reports on such applications have been strongly encouraged.   

 After a successful series of five CPAIOR international workshops in Ferrara (Italy), Paderborn (Germany), Ashford (United Kingdom), Le Croisic (France), and Montreal (Canada), in 2004 CPAIOR became a conference with the first meeting held in Nice (France) with more than 100 participants. In the subsequent years, CPAIOR was held in Prague (Czech Republic), Cork (Ireland), Brussels (Belgium), Paris (France), Pittsburgh (USA), Bologna (Italy), Berlin (Germany), Nantes (France), Yorktown Heights, NY (USA), Cork (Ireland), Barcelona (Spain), Banff (Canada), Padova (Italy), Delft (Netherlands), Thessaloniki (Greece), Zoom, Vienna (Austria), Los Angeles, CA (USA), Nice (France), and Uppsala (Sweden), while the upcoming meeting takes place in Melbourne (Australia).   

 Proceedings of this peer-reviewed conference are published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. In some cases, a selection of papers is published in a special issue of a journal after another round of reviewing. This has been standardized in recent years via a Journal Fast-Track reviewing process.   

 Steering Committee    
 Nicolas Beldiceanu (École des Mines de Nantes, France)   
 Natashia Boland (Georgia Institute of Technology, USA)   
 Willem-Jan van Hoeve (Carnegie Mellon University, USA) ( Contact  )   
 John Hooker (Carnegie Mellon University, USA)   
 Jeff Linderoth (University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA)   
 Michela Milano (Università di Bologna, Italy)   
 George Nemhauser (Georgia Institute of Technology, USA)   
 Gilles Pesant (École Polytechnique de Montréal, Canada)   
 Jean-Charles Régin (Université de Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France)   
 Louis-Martin Rousseau (École Polytechnique de Montréal, Canada)   
 Michael Trick (Carnegie Mellon University, USA)   
 Pascal Van Hentenryck (Georgia Institute of Technology, USA)   
 Mark Wallace (Monash University, Australia)   

 All images are taken from the public domain and their copyright belongs to their respective owners.   
 CPAIOR 2023 Image Attribution: Tobi 87, CC BY-SA 3.0 < https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0>,  via Wikimedia Commons.   

 Copyright © 2024 CPAIOR Conference Series - All Rights Reserved.