Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 CSEDU 2023 will be held in conjunction with ICT4AWE 2023    and FEMIB 2023    .   
  Registration to CSEDU allows free access to the ICT4AWE and FEMIB conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 CSEDU, the International Conference on Computer Supported Education, is a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing new educational tools and environments, best practices and case studies on innovative technology-based learning strategies, and institutional policies on computer supported education including open and distance education. CSEDU will provide an overview of current technologies as well as upcoming trends, and promote discussion about the pedagogical potential of new educational technologies in the academic and corporate world. CSEDU seeks papers and posters describing educational technology research; academic or business case-studies; or advanced prototypes, systems, tools, and techniques.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Artificial Intelligence in Education   
  
  2  .  Domain Applications and Case Studies   
  
  3  .  Information Technologies Supporting Learning   
  
  4  .  Learning/Teaching Methodologies and Assessment   
  
  5  .  Social Context and Learning Environments   
  
  6  .  Ubiquitous Learning   

  Conference Co-chairs    
 James Uhomoibhi  ,  Ulster University, United Kingdom   
  Bruce M. McLaren  ,  Carnegie Mellon University, United States   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Jelena Jovanovic  ,  University of Belgrade, Serbia   
  Irene-Angelica Chounta  ,  University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Art Graesser  ,  University of Memphis, United States   
  Barbara Wasson  ,  University of Bergen, Norway   
  Vania Dimitrova  ,  School of Computing, University of Leeds, United Kingdom   

 Special Sessions   
 Computer Supported Music Education - CSME   
  Chair:  Luca Andrea Ludovico  

  Educational Knowledge Management - EKM   
  Chairs:  Marie-Helene Abel, Christine Lahoud and Lilia Cheniti Belcadhi  

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC