Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 Call for Papers  
 Scope  | Conference Areas  | Keynote Lectures  | Paper Submission   
  Publications  | Important Dates  |  Secretariat  | Venue    
  
  Conference Chair  | Program Chair  | Program Committee    
 CSEDU is sponsored by INSTICC  – Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication  
    
  SCOPE  
 CSEDU, the International Conference on Computer Supported Education, is a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing new educational tools and environments, best practices and case studies on innovative technology-based learning strategies, and institutional policies on computer supported education including open and distance education. CSEDU will provide an overview of current technologies as well as upcoming trends, and promote discussion about the pedagogical potential of new educational technologies in the academic and corporate world. CSEDU seeks papers and posters describing educational technology research; academic or business case-studies; or advanced prototypes, systems, tools, and techniques.  
  Full research reports (regular papers) and work-in-progress reports (position papers) are welcome, as well as general survey papers discussing future directions. Suggested topics are listed below in the section, “Conference Areas." Papers not falling into these topics may also be acceptable at the discretion of the program chairs. All papers must describe original work not previously published or submitted to another conference. Acceptance will be based on quality, relevance, and originality. Accepted papers, presented at the conference by one or more of the authors, will be published in the Proceedings of CSEDU under an ISBN and indexed by major indexes.  
  CSEDU will also host special sessions dedicated to case-studies and commercial presentations, as well as tutorials dedicated to technical/scientific topics. Companies interested in presenting their products/methodologies or researchers interested in holding a tutorial, workshop, or special session are invited to contact the conference secretariat or visit the conference website.   
   
  CONFERENCE AREAS  
 Each of these topic areas is expanded below but the sub-topics list is not exhaustive. Papers may address one or more of the listed sub-topics, although authors should not feel limited by them. Unlisted but related sub-topics are also acceptable, provided they fit in one of the following main topic areas:   
 1  . ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN EDUCATION   
  2  . DOMAIN APPLICATIONS AND CASE STUDIES   
  3  . INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES SUPPORTING LEARNING   
  4  . LEARNING/TEACHING METHODOLOGIES AND ASSESSMENT   
  5  . SOCIAL CONTEXT AND LEARNING ENVIRONMENTS   
  6  . UBIQUITOUS LEARNING   

  AREA 1: ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN EDUCATION   
  
  Adaptive Educational Systems 
  Authoring Tools for Intelligent Tutoring Systems 
  Learning with AI Systems 
  Architectures for AI-based Educational Systems 
  Machine Learning 
  Learning Analytics and Educational Data Mining 
  Pedagogical Agents 
  Natural Language Processing 
   AREA 2: DOMAIN APPLICATIONS AND CASE STUDIES   
  
  Health Sector Applications 
  Intelligent Learning and Teaching Systems 
  Pre-K/K-12 Education 
  Next Generation Teaching and Learning Environments 
  Emerging Technologies in Education for Sustainable Development 
   AREA 3: INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES SUPPORTING LEARNING   
  
  Authoring Tools and Content Development 
  Virtual and Augmented Learning Environments 
  Synchronous and Asynchronous Learning 
  Educational Data Mining 
  Classroom Management 
  eLearning Hardware and Software 
  eLearning Platforms, Portals 
  Tools for Educational Communication and Collaboration 
  Intelligent Tutoring Systems 
   AREA 4: LEARNING/TEACHING METHODOLOGIES AND ASSESSMENT   
  
  Tools to Assess Learning 
  Instructional Design 
  Mentoring and Tutoring 
  Metrics and Performance Measurement 
  Project Based Learning and Engineering Education 
  Blended Learning 
  Faculty Development 
  Game-Based and Simulation-Based Learning 
  Higher Order Thinking Skills 
  Flipped Classroom 
   AREA 5: SOCIAL CONTEXT AND LEARNING ENVIRONMENTS   
  
  Lifelong Learning: Continuing Professional Training and Development 
  Theoretical Bases of eLearning Environments 
  Social Computing for Learning and Knowledge Sharing 
  Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning 
  Community Building 
  Course Design and eLearning Curriculae 
  Active Learning 
  Constructivism and Social Constructivism 
  Feedback and Learning Support 
  COVID-19 Societal Impacts (on Education) 
  COVID-19 Personal Impacts (Social/Emotional, Economic) 
   AREA 6: UBIQUITOUS LEARNING   
  
  Universal Design for Learning 
  Cloud-Based Learning and Assessment 
  Distance Education 
  Mobile Learning (M-Learning) 
  Massive Open Online Courses 
    
  KEYNOTE SPEAKERS  
 Art Graesser  ,  University of Memphis, United States   
  Barbara Wasson  ,  University of Bergen, Norway   
  Vania Dimitrova  ,  School of Computing, University of Leeds, United Kingdom   

  PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Authors can submit their work in the form of a complete paper or an abstract, but please note that accepted abstracts are presented but not published in the proceedings of the conference. Complete papers can be submitted as a Regular Paper, representing completed and validated research, or as a Position Paper, portraying a short report of work in progress or an arguable opinion about an issue discussing ideas, facts, situations, methods, procedures or results of scientific research focused on one of the conference topic areas.  
   
  Authors should submit a paper in English, carefully checked for correct grammar and spelling, addressing one or several of the conference areas or topics. Each paper should clearly indicate the nature of its technical/scientific contribution, and the problems, domains or environments to which it is applicable. To facilitate the double-blind paper evaluation method, authors are kindly requested to produce and provide the paper WITHOUT any reference to any of the authors, including the authors’ personal details, the acknowledgments section of the paper and any other reference that may disclose the authors’ identity.  
   
  When submitting a complete paper please note that only original papers should be submitted. Authors are advised to read INSTICC's ethical norms regarding plagiarism and self-plagiarism  thoroughly before submitting and must make sure that their submissions do not substantially overlap work which has been published elsewhere or simultaneously submitted to a journal or another conference with proceedings. Papers that contain any form of plagiarism will be rejected without reviews.  
   
  All papers must be submitted through the online submission platform PRIMORIS  and should follow the instructions and templates that can be found under Guidelines and Templates  . After the paper submission has been successfully completed, authors will receive an automatic confirmation e-mail.  

  PUBLICATIONS  
 All accepted complete papers will be published in the conference proceedings, under an ISBN reference, on paper and on digital support.  
  SCITEPRESS is a member of CrossRef ( http://www.crossref.org/  ) and every paper on our digital library is given a DOI (Digital Object Identifier).  
  The proceedings will be submitted for indexation by SCOPUS, Google Scholar, DBLP, Semantic Scholar, EI and Web of Science / Conference Proceedings Citation Index  .  

  IMPORTANT DATES  
 Conference Date:  21 - 23 April, 2023   

 Regular Papers   
    
 Paper Submission:  December 9, 2022 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 2, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  February 16, 2023 (expired)   

  Position Papers /Regular Papers   
    
 Paper Submission:  January 26, 2023 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 23, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 8, 2023 (expired)    

  Late-Breaking   
   
 Paper Submission:  February 16, 2023 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  March 8, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 15, 2023 (expired)    

  Doctoral Consortium    
 Authors Notification:  March 20, 2023 (expired)    
 Camera Ready and Registration:  March 24, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Special Sessions    
 Paper Submission:  February 28, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Tutorials    
 Tutorial Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Demos    
 Demo Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Panels    
 Panel Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    

  SECRETARIAT  
 CSEDU Secretariat    
  Address: Avenida de S. Francisco Xavier, Lote 7 Cv. C   
  2900-616 Setúbal - Portugal   
  Tel.: +351 265 520 184   
  Fax: +351 265 520 186   
  e-mail:  csedu.secretariat@insticc.org   
  Web:  https://csedu.scitevents.org   
   
  VENUE  
   
 The conference will be held at the Vienna House by Wyndham Diplomat Prague, Prague, Czech Republic.  
 The Vienna House by Wyndham Diplomat Prague is located in the diplomatic district, close to the historic centre. Where better to meet and enjoy the good life than where diplomacy prevails? The hotel is one of the most popular conference venues and the views over the rooftops alone make a visit worthwhile. From the wellness area the Castle seem within one's grasp.  

   CONFERENCE CO-CHAIRS   
 James Uhomoibhi  , Ulster University, United Kingdom   
  Bruce M. McLaren  , Carnegie Mellon University, United States   

  PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS   
 Jelena Jovanovic  , University of Belgrade, Serbia   
  Irene-Angelica Chounta  , University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany   

  PROGRAM COMMITTEE MEMBERS   
 Eleftheria Alexandri  , Hellenic Open University, Greece   
  António Andrade  , Universidade Católica Portuguesa, Portugal   
  Francisco Arcega  , Universidad de Zaragoza, Spain   
  Juan Ignacio Asensio  , University of Valladolid, Spain   
  Breno T. Azevedo  , Instituto Federal de Educação, Ciência e Tecnologia Fluminense, Brazil   
  Ralph-Johan Back  , Åbo Akademi University, Finland   
  Jorge Barbosa  , UNISINOS, Brazil   
  João P. Barros  , Polytechnic Institute of Beja, Portugal   
  Patrícia S. Bassani  , Universidade Feevale, Brazil   
  Zane Berge  , University of Maryland, Baltimore County, United States   
  Jesús V. Berrocoso  , University of Extremadura, Spain   
  Huseyin Bicen  , Near East University, Nicosia, Cyprus   
  Andreas Bollin  , Klagenfurt University, Austria   
  Curtis J. Bonk  , Indiana University Bloomington, United States   
  Ivana Bosnic  , University of Zagreb Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, Croatia   
  Federico Botella  , Miguel Hernandez University of Elche, Spain   
  Karima Boussaha  , University of Oum El Bouaghi, Algeria   
  Patrice Bouvier  , LDLC VR Studio, France   
  Krysia Broda  , Imperial College London, United Kingdom   
  Manuel Caeiro Rodríguez  , University of Vigo, Spain   
  Renza Campagni  , Università di Firenze, Italy   
  Pasquina Campanella  , University of Bari "Aldo Moro", Italy   
  Sanja Candrlic  , Faculty of Informatics and Digital Technologies, University of Rijeka, Croatia   
  Guanliang Chen  , Monash University, Australia   
  António Coelho  , Faculdade de Engenharia da Universidade do Porto, Portugal   
  Manuel Perez Cota  , Universidade de Vigo, Spain   
  John P. Cuthell  , Virtual Learning, United Kingdom   
  Rogério E. da Silva  , University of Leicester, United Kingdom   
  Sergiu Dascalu  , University of Nevada, Reno, United States   
  Luis De-La-Fuente-Valentín  , Universidad Internacional de la Rioja, Spain   
  Christian Della  , University of Glasgow, Singapore   
  Nicoletta Di Blas  , Politecnico di Milano, Italy   
  Tania Di Mascio  , DISIM, University of L'Aquila, Italy   
  Yannis Dimitriadis  , School of Telecommunications Engineering, University of Valladolid, Spain   
  Danail Dochev  , Institute of Information and Communication Technologies, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria   
  Toby Dragon  , Ithaca College, United States   
  Nour El Mawas  , Université de Lorraine, France   
  Gijsbert Erkens  , Utrecht University, Netherlands   
  Larbi Esmahi  , Athabasca University, Canada   
  João S. Esteves  , University of Minho, Portugal   
  Ramon Fabregat Gesa  , Universitat de Girona, Spain   
  Si Fan  , University of Tasmania, Australia   
  Richard E. Ferdig  , Kent State University, United States   
  Débora Nice Ferrari Barbosa  , Feevale University, Brazil   
  Giuseppe Fiorentino  , University of Pisa, Italy   
  Francisco García Peñalvo  , Salamanca University, Spain   
  Isabela Gasparini  , Universidade do Estado de Santa Catarina (UDESC), Brazil   
  Henrique Gil  , Escola Superior de Educação do Instituto Politécnico de Castelo Branco, Portugal   
  Apostolos Gkamas  , University Ecclesiastical Academy of Vella, Ioannina, Greece   
  Maria João Gomes  , Universidade do Minho, Portugal   
  Anabela Gomes  , Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Coimbra (Coimbra Polytechnic - ISEC), Portugal   
  Ana González Marcos  , Universidad de la Rioja, Spain   
  Christiane Gresse von Wangenheim  , UFSC - Federal University of Santa Catarina, Brazil   
  Christian Guetl  , Graz University of Technology, Austria   
  David Guralnick  , Kaleidoscope Learning, United States   
  Roger Hadgraft  , University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
  Thorsten Händler  , Ferdinand Porsche Mobile University of Applied Sciences (FERNFH), Austria   
  Peter Hastings  , DePaul University, United States   
  Antonio Hervás Jorge  , Universitat Politecnica de Valencia, Spain   
  Tomayess Issa  , Curtin University, Australia   
  Ivan Ivanov  , SUNY Empire State University, United States   
  Malinka Ivanova  , Technical University of Sofia, Bulgaria   
  M. C. J. C. S. Reis  , Department of Engineering, University of Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro, Portugal   
  Stéphanie Jean-Daubias  , Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, LIRIS, France   
  M.-Carmen Juan  , Instituto Ai2, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain   
  Michail Kalogiannakis  , University of Thessaly, Greece   
  Charalampos Karagiannidis  , University of Thessaly, Greece   
  Ilias Karasavvidis  , University of Thessaly, Greece   
  Vasilis Komis  , University of Patras, Greece   
  Vitomir Kovanovic  , University of South Australia, Australia   
  Lam-For Kwok  , HKCT Institute of Higher Education, China   
  Eitel J. Lauría  , Marist College, United States   
  Borislav Y. Lazarov  , Institute of Mathematics and Informatics, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria   
  Chien-Sing Lee  , Sunway University, Malaysia   
  Marie Lefevre  , University Claude Bernard Lyon 1, France   
  Andreas Lingnau  , German University of Applied Sciences, Germany   
  Luca Andrea Ludovico  , Università degli Studi di Milano, Italy   
  Veronika Makarova  , University of Saskatchewan, Canada   
  Ivana Marenzi  , Leibniz University Hannover, Germany   
  Verónica Marín  , University of Córdoba, Spain   
  Lindsay Marshall  , School of Computing, Newcastle University, United Kingdom   
  Scheila W. Martins  , Arden University, United Kingdom   
  Bruce Maxim  , University of Michigan-Dearborn, United States   
  Madeth May  , Le Mans Université, France   
  Elvis Mazzoni  , University of Bologna, Italy   
  Marco Mesiti  , University of Milano, Italy   
  José Carlos M. Metrôlho  , Instituto Politécnico de Castelo Branco, Portugal   
  Laurent Moccozet  , University of Geneva, Switzerland   
  Rafael Morales Gamboa  , University of Guadalajara, Mexico   
  António Moreira  , Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal   
  Jerzy Moscinski  , Silesian University of Technology, Poland   
  Maria Moundridou  , School of Pedagogical and Technological Education (ASPETE), Greece   
  Antao Moura  , Federal University of Campina Grande (UFCG), Brazil   
  Antoanela L. Naaji  , Vasile Goldis Western University of Arad, Romania   
  Tomohiro Nagashima  , Saarland University, Germany   
  Minoru Nakayama  , Institute of Science Tokyo (Tokyo Tech.), Japan   
  Mai Neo  , Multimedia University, Malaysia   
  Omid Noroozi  , Wageningen University and Research, Netherlands   
  Fátima S. Nunes  , Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil   
  Dade Nurjanah  , School of Computing, Telkom University, Indonesia   
  Ebba Ossiannilsson  , The Swedish Association for Distance Education (SADE), Sweden   
  José Palma  , Escola Superior de Tecnologia de Setúbal, Portugal   
  Paolo Paolini  , Politecnico di Milano, Italy   
  Stamatios Papadakis  , Department of Preschool Education, University of Crete, Greece   
  Kyparisia Papanikolaou  , School of Educational and Technological Education (ASPETE), Greece   
  Abelardo Pardo  , University of South Australia, Australia   
  Paula Peres  , ISCAP, Portugal   
  Emanuel Peres  , University of Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro/Inesc-Tec, Portugal   
  Donatella Persico  , CNR - Italian National Research Council, Italy   
  Andreas Pester  , The British University in Egypt, Austria   
  Elvira Popescu  , University of Craiova, Romania   
  Francesca Pozzi  , CNR - Italian National Research Council, Italy   
  Augustin Prodan  , Iuliu Hatieganu University, Romania   
  Yannis P. Psaromiligkos  , University of West Attica, Greece   
  Fernando R. Ribeiro  , Instituto Politécnico de Castelo Branco, Portugal   
  Marco Ronchetti  , University of Trento, Italy   
  Leon Rothkrantz  , Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   
  Razvan Rughinis  , University "Politehnica" of Bucharest, Romania   
  Jesus Salinas  , University Balearic Islands, Spain   
  Juan M. Santos  , University of Vigo, Spain   
  Georg J. Schneider  , Computer Science, Trier University of Applied Sciences, Germany   
  Wolfgang Schreiner  , Johannes Kepler University, Austria   
  Maria Serna  , UPC- Technical University of Catalonia - Barcelona Tech, Spain   
  Sabine Seufert  , University of St.Gallen, Switzerland   
  Ramesh C. Sharma  , Dr. B. R. Ambedkar University Delhi, India   
  Pei Hwa Siew  , Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman, Malaysia   
  Jane Sinclair  , University of Warwick, United Kingdom   
  Eliza Stefanova  , Sofia University, Bulgaria   
  Claudia Steinberger  , University of Klagenfurt, Austria   
  Katsuaki Suzuki  , Kumamoto University, Japan   
  Nestori Syynimaa  , University of Jyvaskyla, Finland   
  Seng Chee Tan  , National Institute of Education, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore   
  Qing Tan  , Athabasca University, Canada   
  Steven Tanimoto  , University of Washington, United States   
  Dirk Tempelaar  , Maastricht University School of Business and Economics, Netherlands   
  Uwe Terton  , Southern Cross University, Australia   
  Aristides Vagelatos  , Computer Technology Institute, Greece   
  Michael Vallance  , Future University Hakodate, Japan   
  Leo van Moergestel  , HU Utrecht University of Applied Sciences, Netherlands   
  Carlos Vaz de Carvalho  , ISEP, Portugal   
  Giuliano Vivanet  , University of Cagliari, Italy   
  Aurora Vizcaino  , Escuela Superior de Informatica, Spain   
  Alf I. Wang  , Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway   
  Stelios Xinogalos  , University of Macedonia, Greece   
  Diego Zapata-Rivera  , Educational Testing Service, United States   
  Thomas Zarouchas  , Computer Technology Institute and Press "Diophantus", Greece   
  Meina Zhu  , Wayne State University, United States   
   
  (list not yet complete)  

 © 2024  INSTICC