CSEE&T 2023   Mon 7 - Wed 9 August 2023 Tokyo, Japan    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Building 121, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan 
  Registration 
  Recommended Hotels 
  Program | CSEE&T Program 
  Your Program 
   Mon 7 Aug 
  Tue 8 Aug 
  Wed 9 Aug 
  Tracks | CSEE&T 2023 
  Keynotes 
  Panels 
  Research Papers 
  Industrial Experience Reports 
  Poster and Tool Papers 
  Journal First Articles 
  Workshops 
  Nancy Mead Award 
  Call for Workshops 
  Organization | CSEE&T 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Papers 
  Nancy Mead Award 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Info | DSA 2023 
  AVS 2023 
  Wifi and Proceedings Access 
  Pictures 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   CSEE&T 2025 
  CSEE&T 2024 
  CSEE&T 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 35th IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering Education and Training (CSEE&T 2023)  
   
 Workshop 7 August, Main Conference 8-9 August   
 Venue:  Building 121, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan   
 Back to back with  DSA 2023  and AVS 2023  (10-11 August)  
 Sponsors   
 IEEE Reliability Society  (IEEE registration #58097  )   
 CSEE&T 2023 is over!   
 Thanks to many submissions, contributions and participations, we had a great conference! There are some photos taken during the conference  . See you all next time, CSEE&T 2024 in Würzburg, Germany (TBD).  
   
 Awards   
 Nancy Mead Award 2023: | Prof. Dr. Gregory Hislop (Drexel University) 
  Best Paper Award: Yu Lu, et al. “The Daily Smirk: A Preliminary Prototype for Continuous Peer Assessment of Team-based Projects” 
  Best Poster Award: Kazuki Fukushima, et al. “Towards Assessment of Practicality of Introductory Programming Course Using Vocabulary of Textbooks, Assignments, and Actual Projects” 
  Second Best Poster Award: Mayu Koito, et al., “Investigation of early detection methods for dropout students by using LMS log data” 
  Second Best Poster Award: Weihan Goh, et al. “IoT-Enhanced Remote Proctoring: A New Paradigm for Remote Assessment Integrity” 
  Overview   
 For more than 30 years, the IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering Education and Training (CSEE&T) has been the premier conference on software engineering (SE) education and training for academics and professionals. The conference is for educators, researchers, and practitioners to share new findings and results in planning and executing software engineering education, including pedagogy, curricula, tool evaluation, best practices, and experience reports.  
 After three years of suffering from the COVID-19 pandemic, it is time for people to come together in person again to share the latest findings and envision the future of software engineering education and training. On August 7-9, we will have marked the 35th year of CSEE&T. We would like to thank all organizers and program committee members of the main conference, ASEE&T, workshops, and panels for contributing to our conference program and managing their co-located events.  
 The main conference program consists of Research track 23 papers (including 12 full papers and 11 short ones), Industrial Experience Reports track 1 paper, Journal First Articles track 3 papers, and Poster and Tool track 10 papers. Topics of the Research and Industrial Experience include the followings: Measurement and Requirements Engineering, Peer Review and Modeling, Agile and Project Management, Teaching Practice, Data Science and AI, SE Pedagogy, and Applied SE.  
 We welcome you to the 35th CSEE&T Tokyo!  
 Keynotes on August 8th and 9th   
 August 8th:  “The emerging role of Artificial Intelligence in teaching 21st Century skills in Software Engineering”   
 Maria Virvou (University of Piraeus)  
 August 9th:  “10-Year Experience with the Nationwide IT Educational Program, enPiT”   
 Katsuro Inoue (Nanzan University)  
 Workshops and Academy of Software Engineering and Training (ASEE&T) on August 7th   
  ASEE&T - “Business Programming” - Critical Factors from Zero to Portable GUI Programming in Four Hours   
 Organizer: Rony G. Flatscher (Information Systems & Society)  
  Workshop - Bad Smells in Software Engineering Education   
 Organizers: Dan Port, Rick Kazman (University of Hawaii at Manoa)  
 Panels on August 9th   
  Software engineering education and reference guides: SWEBOK Guide, CC2020 and others   
 Moderator: Nobukazu Yoshioka (Waseda University), Panelists: Ernesto Cuadros-Vargas (Universidade de Sao Paulo), Akinori Ihara (Wakayama University), Maria-Isabel Sanchez-Segura (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid), Kenneth E Nidiffer (George Mason University)  
  AI/ChatGPT and software engineering education   
 Moderator: Hironori Washizaki (Waseda University), Panelists: George A Tsihrintzis (University of Piraeus), Maria Virvou (University of Piraeus), Stephan Krusche (Technische Universitat Munchen)  
 Scope   
 CSEE&T 2023 seeks original research papers on novel ideas, methods, and techniques for software engineering education, as well as education experience & industrial training reports. Contributions may concern all fields of software engineering education, including university education at the graduate and undergraduate level, industrial training, and teaching software engineering at various secondary schools. We welcome submissions on any aspects of software engineering education and training.  
 Topics of Interest   
 The list below indicates areas of software engineering education in the focus of CSEE&T 2023, but not limited.  
 Requirements engineering education (REE) 
  Teaching artificial intelligence (TAI) 
  Teaching conceptual modeling (TCM) 
  Teaching data science (TDS) 
  Teaching formal methods (TFM) 
  Teaching skills (communication, teamwork, management, etc.) (TSK) 
  Teaching “real world” SE practices (TRW) 
  Software quality assurance education (SQE) 
  Measuring education and training results (MET) 
  Motivating students and trainees (MST) 
  Social and cultural issues (SCI) 
  Novel delivery methods (NDM) 
  E-Learning, online training, and education (OTE) 
  Global and distributed SE education (GDE) 
  Open source in education (OSE) 
  Cloud computing education (CCE) 
  Cooperation between Industry and Academia (CIA) 
  Training models in industry (TMI) 
  Continuous Integration and continuous delivery education (CED) 
  Cyber-physical system or Internet of Things education (CPE) 
  Methodological aspects of SE education (MAE) 
  Metaverse in software engineering education (MVE) 
  Software engineering education @ school (SES) 
  Software engineering education for novices (SEN) 
  Vision for SE education in the future (VEF) 
  Paper Submissions   
 CSEE&T 2023 solicits submissions in the following four separate categories. All page numbers are with the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting and including references.  
 Research track | : Full papers (up to 10 pages) present completed and evaluated original research. Short papers (up to 5 pages) describe well-defined research ideas or ongoing work at an early stage of investigation not yet fully developed or evaluated. 
  Industrial experience reports track | (up to 6 pages) covers industrial training experience. 
  Poster and tool track | (up to 2 pages) presents work in progress and be based on either research, practice, or experience. 
  Journal first track | (up to 1 page) presents research on software engineering education, which has recently been published in high-quality journals. 
  Workshop proposals | (up to 2 pages) present plans of half-day or full-day highly collaborative workshops. 
  Nancy Mead Award nominations 
  All submissions must be in English, and must come in A4 paper size PDF format and conform, at the time of submission, to the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines   
 Submission Information   
 Guidelines are available at: https://conf.researchr.org/home/cseet-2023  Papers must be submitted electronically through EasyChair ( https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cseet2023  ).  
 Publications   
 All accepted submissions (except workshop papers) will be submitted to the IEEE-CS Digital Library in the CSEE&T 2023 conference proceedings and are subject to registration and presentation at the conference. If a submission is accepted, at least one author of the paper must register for the conference and present the paper at the conference. If an accepted paper is not presented, the paper is removed from the proceedings.  
 Supporters   
 The Special Interesting Group on Software Engineering, Information Processing of Japan (IPSJ/SIGSE) 
  Technical Committee on Software Science, Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers (IEICE/SS) 
  Technical Committee on Knowledge-based Software Engineering, Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers (IEICE/KBSE) 
  The Special Interest Group on Research on Education of Practical Information Technologies (JSSST/rePiT)) 
  The Special Interest Group on Foundations of Software Engineering, Japan Society for Software Science and Technology (JSSST/FOSE) 
  The Special Interest Group on Machine Learning Systems Engineering, Japan Society for Software Science and Technology (JSSST/MLSE) 
  IEEE Computer Society Tokyo/Japan Joint Chapter 
  Past Editions   
 1987-2022 Conference on Software Engineering Education and Training (CSEE&T)   
 Related Sites and Events   
 CSEE&T 2023 will be held back to back with the 10th International Conference on Dependable Systems and Their Applications (DSA 2023)  and IEEE International Symposium on Autonomous Vehicle Software（IEEE AVS 2023)  Aug 10-11.  
 Facebook  Twitter  WikiCFP  10times  Clocate.com  COMS  aconf  call4paper  VePub  Conference Partner    

  CSEE&T 2023 Tracks   
   
 Keynotes  | Panels  | Research Papers  | Industrial Experience Reports  | Poster and Tool Papers  | Journal First Articles  | Workshops  | Nancy Mead Award  | Call for Workshops    

 x  Mon 25 Nov 08:34    

  CSEE&T 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Keynotes   
  Panels   
  Research Papers   
  Industrial Experience Reports   
  Poster and Tool Papers   
  Journal First Articles   
  Workshops   
  Nancy Mead Award   
  Call for Workshops    

 Attending  
 Venue: Building 121, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan   
  Registration   
  Recommended Hotels    
 Sign Up