Skip to main content  17 - 19 April 2023 | Antwerp, Belgium   
     User account menu  
 Log in 

   Design, Automation and Test in Europe Conference |  
  The European Event for Electronic System Design & Test    
      Authors' Guidelines | Authors' Guidelines for Camera-Ready Submission of Accepted Papers 
  Authors' Guidelines for Audio-Visual Presentation 
  Programme | Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Detailed Programme 
  Keynotes 
  Young People Programme 
  Registration 
  Venue | Accommodation & Travel 
  Conference Venue 
  Promotion & Sponsorship | Sponsors and Promotion Partners 
  Committees | DEC - DATE Executive Committee 
  TPC - DATE Technical Programme Committee | TPC Rules 
  DATE Fellows 
  DSC - DATE Sponsors Committee 
  Archive 

 The time zone for all times mentioned at the DATE website is CEST – Central Europe Summer Time (UTC+1). AoE = Anywhere on Earth.   

 Tue, 20 Feb 2024 11:16   DATE 2023 Impressions    
 Photos are available in the DATE 20 23   Gallery  .  
     
 Music from #Uppbeat (free for Creators!): https://uppbeat.io/t/mark-july/when-i-saw-you  ; License code: DAQIMDHC2XOH7WXE  
   
 Read more about DATE 2023 Impressions 
  Share this page on social media  

 Wed, 3 May 2023 16:18   DATE 2024 - Call for Papers    

 Download further information:   
 DATE 2024_Call for papers_short_0.pdf   (65.5 KB)    

 Read more about DATE 2024 - Call for Papers 
  Share this page on social media  

 Sponsor Societies  

 Technical Co-Sponsor Societies  

 Media Partners  

 Sister Events  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Sponsors  

 Wed, 19 Apr 2023 18:49   DATE 2023 Awards    
 2023 EDAA Achievement Award  
 Jason Cong, UCLA, US  
 https://www.date-conference.com/edaa-achievement-award-2023-goes-jason-cong   
 IEEE CEDA Service Award  
 Cristiana Bolchini, Politecnico di Milano, IT  
 ESDA / CEDA Phil Kaufman Award 2022:  
 Giovanni De Micheli, EPFL, CH  
 IEEE CS TTTC Outstanding Contribution Award  
 Ian O’Connor, École Centrale de Lyon, FR  
 ACM SIGDA/CEDA/EDAA PhD Forum Prize  
 Alessio Burrello, Politecnico di Torino and Università di Bologna, IT  
 Optimizing Ai: From Network Topology Design To Mcu Deployment  
 Jatin Arora, CISTER Research Centre, ISEP, IPP, PT  
 Shared Resource Contention Aware Schedulability Analysis For Multiprocessor Real-Time Systems  
 EDAA Outstanding Dissertations Award 2023  
 Topic 1:  
 Xiaochen Peng, Ph.D  
 Benchmark Framework for 2-D/3-D Integrated Compute-in-Memory based Machine Learning Accelerator   
 Topic 2:  
 Martin Rapp, Ph.D.  
 Machine Learning for Resource-Constrained Computing Systems   
 Topic 3:  
 Zhiyao Xie, Ph.D.  
 Intelligent Circuit Design and Implementation with Machine Learning   
 Topic 4:  
 Hasan Hassan, Ph.D.  
 Improving DRAM Performance, Reliability, and Security by Rigorously Understanding Intrinsic DRAM operations   
 DATE Fellow Award 2023  
 Cristiana Bolchini, Politecnico di Milano, IT  
 DATE 20 23   also presented the DATE Fellow Awards from DATE 20 20   to DATE 20 22   :  
 DATE 20 20   Fellow Award: Jürgen Teich, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU), DE  
 DATE 20 21   Fellow Award: Giorgio di Natale, TIMA (CNRS), Grenoble, FR  
 DATE 20 22   Fellow Award: Franco Fummi, University of Verona, IT  
 DATE Best Paper Awards 2023  
 Each year the Design, Automation and Test in Europe Conference presents awards to the authors of the best papers. The selection is performed by the award committee composed of the Track Chairs Lukas Sekanina, Alberto Bosio, Ilia Polian and Liliana Cucu and the following members: Katell Morin-Allory, Jeronimo Castrillon, Alessio Spessot, Julio Medina, Jean-Philippe Noel, Lorena Anghel, Dimitris Gizopoulos, Rosa Rodríguez-Montañés, Kazuo Sakiyama, Elke De Mulder, Ahmed Rezine, Cristiana Bolchini, Callie Cong, Julien Forget and Masanori Hashimoto.  
 D-Track  
 Hardware Efficient Weight-Binarized Spiking Neural Networks    
 Chengcheng Tang and Jie Han  
 University of Alberta, CA  
 A-Track  
 Automated Energy-Efficient DNN Compression under Fine-Grained Accuracy Constraints    
 Ourania Spantidi and Iraklis Anagnostopoulos  
 Southern Illinois University Carbondale, US  
 T-Track  
 SAGERoute: Synergistic Analog Routing Considering Geometric and Electrical Constraints with Manual Design Compatibility    
 Haoyi Zhang, Xiaohan Gao, Haoyang Luo, Jiahao Song, Xiyuan Tang, Junhua Liu, Yibo Lin, Runsheng Wang and Ru Huang  
 Peking University, CN  
 E-Track  
 PRADA: Point Cloud Recognition Acceleration via Dynamic Approximation   
 Zhuoran Song, Heng Lu, Gang Li, Li Jiang, Naifeng Jing and Xiaoyao Liang  
 Shanghai Jiao Tong University, CN  
 Best Paper Award Nominations  
 D Track  
 Perspector: Benchmarking Benchmark Suites   
 Sandeep Kumar1; Abhisek Panda2; Smruti R. Sarangi1  
 1IIT Delhi, IN; 2Indian Institute of Technology, IN  
 A Speed- and Energy-Driven Holistic Training Framework for Sparse CNN Accelerators   
 Yuanchen Qu; Yu Ma; Pingqiang Zhou  
 Shanghaitech University  
 GraphIte: Accelerating Iterative Graph Algorithms on ReRAM Architectures via Approximate Computing   
 Dwaipayan Choudhury; Ananth Kalyanaraman; Partha Pratim Pande  
 Washington State University  
 Narrowing The Synthesis Gap: Academic FPGA Synthesis Is Catching Up With The Industry   
 Benjamin Barze1; Arya Reais-Parsi1; Eddie Hung2; Minwoo Kang1; Alan Mishchenko1; Jonathan W. Greene1; John Wawrzynek1  
 1UC Berkeley, US; 2FPG-eh Research and University of British Columbia  
 Computing Effective Resistances on Large Graphs Based on Approximate Inverse of Cholesky Factor   
 Zhiqiang Liu; Wenjian Yu  
 Tsinghua University  
 Fanout-Bounded Logic Synthesis for Emerging Technologies - A Top-Down Approach   
 Dewmini Marakkalage; Giovanni De Micheli  
 Ecole Polytechnique Fdrale de Lausanne (EPFL)  
 Hardware Efficient Weight-Binarized Spiking Neural Networks   
 Chengcheng; Jie Han  
 University of Alberta  
 Hierarchical Non-Structured Pruning for Computing-In-Memory Accelerators with Reduced ADC Resolution Requirement   
 Wenlu Xue; Jinyu Bai; Sifan Sun; Wang Kang  
 Beihang University  
 PIC-RAM: Process-Invariant Capacitive Multiplier Based Analog In Memory Computing in 6T SRAM   
 Kailash Prasad; Aditya Biswas; Arpita Kabra; Joycee Mekie  
 Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar  
 Benchmarking Large Language Models for Automated Verilog RTL Code Generation   
 Shailja Thakur1; Baleegh Ahmad1; Zhenxing Fan1; Hammond Pearce1; Benjamin Tan2; Ramesh Karri1; Brendan Dolan-Gavitt1; Siddharth Garg1  
 1New York University; 2University of Calgary  
 Processor Verification using Symbolic Execution: A RISC-V Case Study   
 Niklas Bruns1; Vladimir Herdt2; Rolf Drechsler1,2  
 1University of Bremen, 2DFKI  
 Synthesis with Explicit Dependencies   
 Priyanka Golia1,2; Subhajit Roy1; Kuldeep S Meel2  
 1IIT Kanpur, 2National University of Singapore  
 Minimizing Communication Conflicts in Network-On-Chip based Processing-In-Memory Architecture   
 Hanbo Sun; Tongxin Xie; Zhenhua Zhu; Guohao Dai; Huazhong Yang; Yu Wang  
 Tsinghua University  
 Accelerating Gustavson-based SpMM on Embedded FPGAs with Element-wise Parallelism and Access Pattern-aware Caches   
 Shiqing Li; Weichen Liu  
 Nanyang Technological University  
 PEDAL: A Power Efficient GCN Accelerator with Multiple DAtafLows   
 Yuhan Chen; Alireza Khadem; Xin He; Nishil Talati; Tanvir Ahmed Khan; Trevor Mudge  
 University of Michigan  
 SAGERoute: Synergistic Analog Routing Considering Geometric and Electrical Constraints with Manual Design Compatibility   
 Haoyi Zhang; Xiaohan Gao; Haoyang Luo; Jiahao Song; Xiyuan Tang; Junhua Liu; Yibo Lin; Runsheng Wang; Ru Huang  
 Peking University  
 Non-Profiled Side-Channel Assisted Fault Attack: A Case Study on DOMREP   
 Sayandeep Saha; Prasanna Ravi; Dirmanto Jap; Shivam Bhasin  
 Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  
 Efficient Software Masking of AES through Instruction Set Extensions   
 Songqiao Cui; Josep Balasch  
 KU Leuven  
 Hardware Trojans in eNVM Neuromorphic Devices   
 Lingxi Wu; Rahul Sreekumar; Rasool Sharifi; Kevin Skadron; Stan Mircea; Ashish Venkat  
 University of Virginia  
 SoCFuzzer: SoC Vulnerability Detection using Cost Function enabled Fuzz Testing   
 Muhammad Monir Hossain; Arash Vafaei; Kimia Zamiri Azar; Fahim Rahman; Farimah Farahmandi; Mark Tehranipoor  
 University of Florida  
 A Track  
 Automated Energy-Efficient DNN Compression under Fine-Grain Accuracy Constraints   
 Ourania Spantidi; Iraklis Anagnostopoulos  
 Southern Illinois University Carbondale  
 Efficient Parallelization of 5G-PUSCH on a Scalable RISC-V Manycore Processor   
 Marco Bertuletti1; Yichao Zhang1; Alessandro Vanelli-Coralli1,2; Luca Benini1,2  
 1ETH Zurich; 2Universita di Bologna  
 EvoLUTe: Evaluation of Look-Up-Table-based Fine-Grained IP Redaction   
 Rui Guo; Mohammad Rahman; Hadi Mardani Kamali; Fahim Rahman; Farimah Farahmandi;  
 Mark Tehranipoor University of Florida  
 RTLock: IP Protection using Scan-Aware Logic Locking at RTL   
 Md Rafid Muttaki; Shuvagata Saha; Hadi Mardani Kamali; Fahim Rahman; Mark Tehranipoor;  
 Farimah Farahmandi  
 University of Florida  
 CorrectNet: Robustness Enhancement of Analog In-Memory Computing for Neural Networks by Error Suppression and Compensation   
 Amro Eldebiky1; Grace Li Zhang2; Georg Bocherer3; Bing Li1; Ulf Schlichtmann1  
 1Technical University of Munich; 2TU Darmstadt; 3Huawei Munich Research Center  
 T Track  
 Device-Aware Test for Back-Hopping Defects in STT-MRAMs   
 Sicong Yuan1; Mottaqiallah Taouil1; Moritz Fieback1; Hanzhi Xun1; Erik Jan Marinissen2; Gouri Kar2; Siddharth Rao2; Sebastien Couet2; Said Hamdioui1  
 1Delft University of Technology; 2IMEC  
 Assessing Convolutional Neural Networks Reliability through Statistical Fault Injections   
 Annachiara Ruospo1; Gabrile Gavarini1; Corrado De Sio1; Juan Guerrero Balaguera1; Luca Sterpone1; Matteo Sonza Reorda1; Ernesto Sanchez1; Riccardo Mariani2; Joseph Aribido2;  
 Jyotika Athavale2 1Politecnico di Torino; 2NVIDIA  
 E Track  
 Light Flash Write for Efficient Firmware Update on Energyharvesting IoT Devices   
 Songran Liu1; Mingsong Lv2; Wei Zhang3; Xu Jiang1; Chuancai Gu4; Tao Yang4; Wang Yi5; Nan Guan6  
 1Northeastern University; 2The Hong Kong Polytechnic University; 3Shandong University; 4Huawei Technologies Company; 5Uppsala University; 6City University of Hong Kong  
 Ditty: Directory-based Cache Coherence for Multicore Safety-critical Systems   
 Zhuanhao Wu; Marat Bekmyrza; Nachiket Kapre; Hiren Patel  
 University of Waterloo  
 PRADA: Point Cloud Recognition Acceleration via Dynamic Approximation   
 Zhuoran Song; Heng Lu; Gang Li; Li Jiang; Naifeng Jing; Xiaoyao Liang  
 Shanghai Jiao Tong University  
 Federated Learning with Heterogeneous Models for On-device Malware Detection in IoT Networks   
 Sanket Shukla1; Setareh Rafatirad2; Houman Homayoun2; Sai Manoj Pudukotai Dinakarrao1 1George Mason University; 2University of California Davis  
 Genetic Algorithm-based Framework for Layer-Fused Scheduling of Multiple DNNs on Multi-core Systems   
 Sebastian Karl1; Arne Symons2; Nael Fasfous; Marian Verhelst2  
 1TU Munich; 2KU Leuven; 3BMW AG  
 HADAS: Hardware-Aware Dynamic Neural Architecture Search for Edge Performance Scaling   
 Halima Bouzidi1; Mohanad Odema2; Hamza Ouarnoughi3; Mohammad Al Faruque2; Smail Niar3  
 1Univ. Polytechnique Hauts-de-France, LAMIH; 2University of California Irvine; 3INSA Hautsde-France  
   
 Read more about DATE 2023 Awards 
  Share this page on social media  

 Tue, 18 Apr 2023 15:00   Survey: Conference Evaluation, Suggestions & Comments    
 Read more about Survey: Conference Evaluation, Suggestions & Comments 
  This survey is available from Monday, 17 April 2023, 15:00 CEST to Friday, 21 April 2023, 17:00 CEST.    
 Your opinions will be most appreciated and will help the committee to maintain future DATE conferences at the highest quality and even increase the relevance of the event in the European Design and Test community. Thank you for your time and support!   

 Tue, 28 Feb 2023 11:38   EDAA Achievement Award 2023 goes to Jason Cong    
  The Achievement Award is given to individuals who made outstanding contributions to state of the art in electronic design, automation and testing of electronic systems in their life. To be eligible, candidates must have made innovative contributions that impacted how electronic systems are being designed.  
 Past recipients have been Kurt ANTREICH (2003), Hugo DE MAN (2004), Jochen JESS (2005), Robert BRAYTON (2006), Tom W. WILLIAMS (2007), Ernest S. KUH (2008), Jan M. RABAEY (2009), Daniel D. GAJSKI (2010), Melvin A. BREUER (2011), Alberto L. SANGIOVANNI-VINCENTELLI (2012), Peter MARWEDEL (2013), Rolf ERNST (2014), Lothar THIELE (2015), Giovanni DE MICHELI (2016), C. L. David LIU (2017), Mary Jane IRWIN (2018), Jacob ABRAHAM (2019), Luca BENINI (2020), Georges GIELEN (2021), and Edward A. LEE (2022).  
 Dr. Jason Cong is the Volgenau Chair for Engineering Excellence in the UCLA Computer Science Department (with a joint appointment in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering), the Director of the Center for Domain-Specific Computing (funded by NSF Expeditions in Computing Award), and the director of VLSI Architecture, Synthesis, and Technology (VAST) Laboratory. He served as the chair of the UCLA Computer Science Department from 2005 to 2008. He is the author of more than 500 papers, including 17 Best Paper Awards. Dr. Cong’s research publications have close to 35,000 citations, according to Google Scholar, and he is a frequent keynote speaker at major conferences in EDA and design automation. He has graduated 44 PhD students.  
   
 Download further information:   
 EDAA Press Release - EDAA Achievement Award 2023 goes to Jason Cong   (288.23 KB)    

 Read more about EDAA Achievement Award 2023 goes to Jason Cong 
  Share this page on social media  

 Fri, 10 Feb 2023 14:23   DATE Programme Overview    

 Read more about DATE Programme Overview 
  Share this page on social media  

 Mon, 23 Jan 2023 20:09   Authors' Guidelines for Audio-Visual Presentation    
 This document describes the guidelines to prepare and present audio-visual materials at DATE 20 23   . Please read all instructions carefully and follow them strictly to maintain the highest possible standards. Even experienced speakers should read the following paragraphs, as they cover several problems that have arisen over the years.  
 DATE provides a centralised presentation management  system for speakers of D, A, T and E Track sessions, Late Breaking Results paper presentations, Multi-Partner Project presentations, Focus Sessions, Special Day and Special Initiative ASD presentations as well as presentations in line with the Young People Programme. It will not be possible to use own devices for presentations in the session rooms.  
   
  The centralised presentation management will not be provided for workshops (incl. Special Initiative ASD workshop) and embedded tutorials. Workshop and embedded tutorial speakers will receive presentation information from the workshop/embedded tutorial organisers.  
   
 Read more about Authors' Guidelines for Audio-Visual Presentation 
  Share this page on social media  

 Tue, 13 Dec 2022 14:50   Registration & Participation    
 The online registration to the conference is only possible via the online registration platform until 31 March 2023, 23:59:00 CEST. Please kindly note that everyone who wants to attend the conference or single sessions, must register.  
 Click here to register for DATE 20 23      
   
 Read more about Registration & Participation 
  Share this page on social media  

 Thu, 24 Nov 2022 15:29   Accommodation & Travel    
 Special hotel room rates and Lufthansa Group airlines fares  
 In cooperation with the Antwerp Convention Bureau, the Conference Organisation offers hotel rooms at favourable rates in Antwerp for all conference delegates. 
  The Lufthansa Group airlines bring people together - every day, all around the world. The global route network of Austrian Airlines, Lufthansa, SWISS, Brussels Airlines and Eurowings offers optimal connection and combination options, so you will benefit from quick and direct flights to the event. 
  In cooperation with Visit Antwerp, Antwerp city pass are offered at discounted prices for | DATE 20 23 | delegates. 
    
 Read more about Accommodation & Travel 
  Share this page on social media  

 Wed, 26 Oct 2022 13:40   Promotion & Sponsorship    
 DATE 20 23   offers numerous opportunities to get in contact with the DATE community and to advertise novel solutions.  
 Download the DATE 20 23   Promotion & Sponsorship Opportunities here   
 DATE is the perfect opportunity to present and communicate your technological and business capabilities to scientific, industrial and commercial audiences at one single European event. All companies, institutions, universities, initiatives and projects that are linked to DATE as promotion partners or sponsors benefit from the additional visibility of their corporate identity, their products, services, expertise and cause.  
 The DATE 20 23   promotion & sponsorship opportunities brochure gives you and idea of what DATE 20 23   can offer. Tailor-made packages can be arranged to suit your special requests. Feel free to contact us to discuss your needs and ideas.  
 We would be delighted to welcome you among our promotion partners and sponsors at DATE, and to welcome you in Antwerp for an interesting programme and effective networking.   
   
 Read more about Promotion & Sponsorship 
  Share this page on social media  

 Load More 
  Subscribe to    

 OK_1 Opening Keynote 1: Building the Metaverse: Augmented Reality applications and integrated circuit challenges   
 Start   
 Mon, 09:00    
   
 Edith Beigné, Meta Reality Labs, United States   

 Abstract   
 Augmented reality is a set of technologies that will fundamentally change the way we interact with our environment. It represents a merging of the physical and the digital worlds into a rich, context aware and accessible user interface delivered through a socially acceptable form factor such as eyeglasses. One of the biggest challenges in realizing a comprehensive AR experience are the performance and form factor requiring new custom silicon. Innovations are mandatory to manage power consumption constraints and ensure both adequate battery life and a physically comfortable thermal envelope. This presentation reviews Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality applications and Silicon challenges.  

 Read more about OK_1 Opening Keynote 1: Building the Metaverse: Augmented Reality applications and integrated circuit challenges 

 OK_2 Opening Keynote 2: The Cyber-Physical Metaverse – Where Digital Twins and Humans Come Together   
 Start   
 Mon, 09:45    
   
 Dirk Elias, Robert Bosch GmbH, Germany   

 Abstract   
 The concept of Digital Twins (DTs) has been discussed intensively for the past couple of years. Today we have instances of digital twins that range from static descriptions of manufacturing data and material properties to live interfaces to operational data of cyber physical systems and the functions and services they provide.  
 Currently, there are no standardized interfaces to aggregate atomic DTs (e.g., the twin of the lowest-level function of a machine) to higher-level DTs providing more complex services in the virtual world. Additionally, there is no existing infrastructure to reliably link the DTs in the virtual world to the integrated CPSs in the real world (like a car consisting of many ECUs with even more functions).  
 This keynote will address how the Metaverse can become the virtual world where DTs of humans and machines live and how to reliably connect DTs to the physical world. Insights in current activities of Bosch Research and its academic partners to move towards this vision will be provided.  

 Read more about OK_2 Opening Keynote 2: The Cyber-Physical Metaverse – Where Digital Twins and Humans Come Together 

 LK_1 IEEE CEDA Distinguished Lecturer Lunchtime Keynote: Restoring the magic in design   
 Start   
 Mon, 13:00    
   
 Jan M. Rabaey, University of California at Berkeley, United States and imec, Belgium   

 Abstract   
 The emergence of “Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI)” in the late 1970’s created a groundswell of feverish innovation. Inspired by the vision laid out in Mead and Conway’s “Introduction to VLSI Design”, numerous researchers embarked on venues to unleash the capabilities offered by integrated circuit technology. The introduction of design rules, separating manufacturing from design, combined with an intermediate abstraction language (CIF) and a silicon brokerage service (MOSIS) gave access to silicon for a large population of eager designers. The magic however expanded way beyond these circuit enthusiasts and attracted a whole generation of software experts to help automate the design process, given rise to concepts such as layout generation, logic synthesis, and silicon compilation. It is hard to overestimate the impact that this revolution has had on information technology and society at large.  
 About fifty years later, Integrated Circuits are everywhere. Yet, the process of creating these amazing devices feels somewhat tired. CMOS scaling, the engine behind the evolution in complexity over all these decades, is slowing down and will most likely peter out in about a decade. So has innovation in design tools and methodologies. As a consequence, the lure of IC design and design tool development has faded, causing a talent shortage worldwide. Yet, at the same time, this moment of transition offers a world of opportunity and excitement. Novel technologies and devices, integrated in three-dimensional artifacts are emerging and are opening the door for truly transformational applications such as brain-machine interfaces and swarms of nanobots. Machine learning, artificial intelligence, optical and quantum computing present novel models of computation surpassing the instruction-set processor paradigm. With this comes a need again to re-invent the design process, explicitly exploiting the capabilities offered by this next generation of computing systems. In summary, it is time to put the magic in design again.  

 Read more about LK_1 IEEE CEDA Distinguished Lecturer Lunchtime Keynote: Restoring the magic in design 

 LK_2 Special Day Lunchtime Keynote: Interacting with Socially Interactive Agent   
 Start   
 Tue, 13:00    
   
 Catherine Pelachaud, CNRS-ISIR, Sorbonne Université, France   

 Abstract   
 Our research work focuses on modeling Socially Interactive Agents, i.e. agents capable of interacting socially with human partners, of communicating verbally and non-verbally, of showing emotions. but also of adapting their behaviors to favor the engagement of their partners during the interaction. As partner of an interaction, SIA should be able to adapt its multimodal behaviors and conversational strategies to optimize the engagement of its human interlocutors. We have developed models to equip these agents with these communicative and social abilities. In this talk, I will present the works we have been conducted.  

 Read more about LK_2 Special Day Lunchtime Keynote: Interacting with Socially Interactive Agent 

 LK_3 Special Day Lunchtime Keynote: Analyze the Patient, engineer the therapy   
 Start   
 Wed, 13:00    
   
 Liesbet Lagae, KU Leuven, Belgium   

 Abstract   
 The complexity, cycle time and cost of new precision therapy workflow are a major challenge to overcome in order to achieve clinical implementation of this revolutionary type of treatments. For example, car T cells use the patient’s own immune (T-)cell adapted in a way to better fight cancer. Chip technology can help to make these therapies more efficient, precise, and cost-effective. Over the last few decades, the semiconductor industry has grown exponentially, poised to increase value to the end-user while driving down costs by scaling. The result is the world’s highest standard in precision and high-volume production of nanoelectronics chip-based sensor solutions. Imec has used its semiconductor process expertise and infrastructure to make significant innovations in single-use silicon biochip and microfluidic technology, creating toolboxes of on-chip functions spanning DNA sequencing, cell sorting, single cell electroporation, integrated biosensor arrays. The solutions have until now mostly served the diagnostic market. Chip based microfluidics is a toolbox that brings its own design challenges, especially in relation to not having to reinvent the wheel every time. Hence, we try to make maximal reuse of generic fluidic building blocks developed for the diagnostic market, and we will explain how these building blocks are equally adapted for addressing the challenges in immune therapy. These existing demonstrations on chip could enable to provide smarter solutions for discrete unit operations and quality monitoring to even complete workflow integration. Solving these challenges would enable more patients to access and benefit from the next most anticipated class of life changing therapies.  

 Read more about LK_3 Special Day Lunchtime Keynote: Analyze the Patient, engineer the therapy 

 DATE Newsletter Subscription  
 Stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter.   
   
 You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form.   

 CAPTCHA    Math question  3 + 4 =   Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.   

 This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.   
   Manage existing    

 Footer menu  
 Privacy Statement 
  Copyright Information