Site Menu  
 Home 
  DeSE 2025 
  eSystems Conferences | Upcoming Conferences 
  Previous Conferences | DeSE 2024 
  DeSE 2023 
  DeSE 2022 
  DeSE 2021 
  DeSE 2020 
  DeSE 2019 
  DeSE 2018 
  DeSE 2017 
  DeSE 2016 
  DeSE 2015 
  DeSE 2014 | MobiChess 2014 
  DeSE 2013 | MobiChess 2013 
  DeSE 2012 
  DeSE 2011 
  DeSE 2010 
  DeSE 2009 
  DeSE 2008 
  Gallery 
  eSystems Society 
  IPMS 

 International Conference on Developments in eSystems Engineering  

 Developments of eSystems Engineering (DeSE) has been established in recognition of the escalating importance and relevance of electronic media, applications and devices in our everyday work, home and commercial environments. These systems have often arisen as solutions to domain specific problems, addressing areas of social science, business studies, engineering, auto, health studies, computer science, communications, geo-systems and most other academic and vocational subject areas. Accordingly developments and innovations in e-systems engineering have appeared through sources appropriate to their subject area with little heed paid to the actual underlying science of engineering an e-system. Therefore, it is the intention of DeSE to provide the increasingly essential forum dedicated to discussing and reporting on developments in the field of e-systems engineering; including all relevant research and practical advancements.  
 The areas of interest will, by the nature of the subject, be very wide: The science behind e-systems engineering will be advanced through the integrated approach of specifically considering e-systems development with the added advantage of transferable experience and knowledge across all individual subject areas. As the technology advances and users become more familiar with e-systems the impact of these systems is likely to be felt in many areas:  
 In education there is vast scope for the introduction of advanced eLearning  tools allowing students/pupils an improved level of independent learning. 
  E-systems are often based on or are required to exhibit some form of Artificial Intelligence  (AI). AI techniques based on paradigms such as neural nets or expert systems will thus be relevant to and impact upon research into e-systems development. 
  In eBusiness  there is already a significant uptake of eSystems  by eCommerce  websites, which can only increase in future years with developments in ePayment  systems and newly developed models of commerce. Issues of trust, security and database design are typically studied within this area. 
  eServices  are becoming an important part of Web based computing with Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) and Software as a Service (SaS) seen as the future of computing. 
  We are proud to announce that the Applied Computing in Medicine and Health, 1st Edition is available to pre-order via the Elsevier Store from the link below.  
 http://store.elsevier.com/product.jsp?isbn=9780128034682   
  
 The authors of the book chapters are international researchers based in the UK and abroad from both academia and practitioners from medical institutions. The book can be used as teaching materials for undergraduate and postgraduate degree students, for students studying for a Computer Science Degree, Software Engineering and Health Informatics related subjects. Additionally, researchers can use the book as reference for their research and development in the field of AI and Health. 
  
 .   

 Copyright © 2007-2024 eSystems Engineering Society