Skip to content      
       Research Resources | Resource Overview 
  Digital Library 
  ToDiGRA Journal 
  News & Events | Latest News 
  Event Calendar 
  Submit News & Events 
  Conferences 
  Chapters 
  About | About DiGRA 
  Executive Board 
  Distinguished Scholars 
  Code of Conduct 
  Join DiGRA 
  Sign In 

 Join DiGRA 
  Sign In 
  Search        

   Digital Games Research Association (DiGRA)  
 An international association for academics and professionals who research digital games and associated phenomena.  

 Learn About DiGRA    
 Join DiGRA    

 What’s New at DiGRA  

 More News   

 Association News  ,  Elections    DiGRA Executive Board Election Committee established   
 Members-Only Content This content is only available to DiGRA members. Please sign in or join now to continue.  
  September 20, 2024 
  Association News  ,  Elections    DiGRA Executive Board Elections   
 Members-Only Content This content is only available to DiGRA members. Please sign in or join now to continue.  
  September 12, 2024 
  Call for Papers  ,  Chapter Matters  ,  Conferences and Seminars    Nordic DiGRA 2025   
 The CfP for the next Nordic DiGRA conference ‘Hope: Envisioning the Future of Game Cultures’ is out! The conference will be organised on 26–28 May 2025 in Turku, Finland. The […]  
  September 4, 2024 
    
 More News   

 Our Next Conference  
 DiGRA 2025  
 DiGRA 2025 will take place in Valletta, Malta, 30th June – 4th July 2025. A pre-conference will be held one day prior to the official beginning of the conference, on Monday 30th June, with a PhD Consortium and Workshops.  
 The theme of the conference will be Games at the Crossroads, exploring games and game studies at points of (cultural, disciplinary) encounter and divergence.  
   
  Explore DiGRA Conferences    

 Digital Games Research  
 DiGRA Research Resources  
 DiGRA’s Digital Library and Research Journal provide an open access archival service for research papers and proceedings from a variety of academic venues including DiGRAs flagship and regional conferences.  
   
  Explore Research Resources    

 Become a DiGRA Member  
 Join the premier international association for professionals, academics, developers and other individuals interested in the evolving fields of digital gaming and game studies.  
   
 Join DiGRA Today    

 Contact Us 
  Code of Conduct 
  Terms & Conditions 
  Privacy Policy 
  Website Feedback 

  Copyright 2024 Digital Games Research Association. All rights reserved.