DLT & WORDS 2023  
 Developments in Language Theory 2023 and WORDS 2023  

 Home 
  Call for Papers | DLT 2023 – Call for Papers 
  WORDS 2023 – Call for Papers 
  Committees | DLT 2023 – Committees 
  WORDS 2023 – Committees 
  Accepted papers | DLT 2023 – Accepted papers 
  WORDS 2023 – Accepted papers 
  Invited Talks 
  Program 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Conference Dinner 
  Venue 
  Pictures 

 Search for:       

 DLT 2023 – Call for Papers  
  
 27th International Conference on Developments in Language Theory  
  Umeå, Sweden  
  June 12-16, 2023  
  https://dltwords2023.cs.umu.se/index.php/dlt   
 The International Conference on Developments in Language Theory (DLT 2023) is an event organized to bring together members of the academic, research, and industrial community who have an interest in formal languages, automata theory, and related areas (see possible topics below). The conference will be held in conjunction with the 14th International Conference on Words (WORDS 2023) in Umeå, Sweden, one week before midsummer. Hence, for those attending it may be a good opportunity to extend their stay in northern Sweden by a week.  
 During the conference, one or more prizes for the best student papers  (sponsored by MDPI) will be awarded.  
 Important Dates  

 Deadline for abstract  submission:  February 19, 2023  
  Deadline for paper  submission:  February 26, 2023  
  Notification:  April 1, 2023  
  Final Version:  April 10, 2023  
  DLT 2023:  June 12-16, 2023  
 Deadlines are strict  and will not be extended!  
 Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished research. The proceedings will be published in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) Series. Simultaneous submission to journals or other conferences with published proceedings is not allowed. Submitted papers should not exceed 12 pages excluding bibliography and must follow the LNCS-style LaTeX2e (available at http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html  ).  
 In order to facilitate the review process, all proofs omitted due to page limitations can be given in an appendix or made accessible through a reliable link to a freely available electronic preprint. Please note that the paper should be self-contained; reviewers are not required to read any additional pages, thus consulting the appendix is up to the reviewer. Papers should be submitted electronically in PDF through the EasyChair system:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=dlt2023    
 All questions about submissions should be emailed to drewes@cs.umu.se  .  
 List of Topics  
 Typical topics include, but are not limited to:  
 grammars, acceptors, and transducers for words, trees, and graphs 
  algebraic theories of automata 
  algorithmic, combinatorial, and algebraic properties of words and languages 
  relations between formal languages and artificial neural networks 
  variable length codes 
  symbolic dynamics 
  cellular automata 
  groups and semigroups generated by automata 
  polyominoes and multidimensional patterns 
  decidability questions 
  image manipulation and compression 
  efficient text algorithms 
  relationships to cryptography, concurrency, complexity theory, and logic 
  bio-inspired computing 
  quantum computing 
  Invited Speakers  
 Émilie Charlier, University of Liège, Belgium  
  Ismael Jecker, University of Warsaw, Poland  
  Jussi Karlgren, Silo AI, Finland  
  Will Merrill, New York University, USA  
  Markus Schmid, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Germany  
 Committees  
 Program Committee  
 Marie-Pierre Béal, Université Gustave Eiffel, France 
  Frank Drewes, Umeå University, Sweden (chair) 
  Yo-Sub Han, Yonsei University, South Korea 
  Galina Jirásková, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Slovakia 
  Jarkko Kari, University of Turku, Finland 
  Manfred Kufleitner, University of Stuttgart, Germany 
  Nutan Limaye, Indian Institute of Technology, India 
  Andreas Maletti, Universität Leipzig, Germany 
  Ian McQuillan, University of Saskatchewan, Canada 
  Alexander Okhotin, St. Petersburg State University, Russia 
  Thomas Place, Université de Bordeaux, France 
  Marek Szykuła, University of Wrocław, Poland 
  Mikhail Volkov, Ural Federal University, Russia (chair) 
  Petra Wolf, University of Bergen, Norway 
  Tomoyuki Yamakami, University of Fukui, Japan 
  Hsu-Chun Yen, National Taiwan University, Taiwan 
  Local Organizing Committee  
 Martin Berglund 
  Johanna Björklund 
  Frank Drewes 
  Lena Strobl 
  Publication  
 DLT 2023 proceedings will be published in the Springer LNCS series.  
 Venue  
 The conference will be held at Umeå University, Umeå, Sweden. For more information, see https://dltwords2023.cs.umu.se  .  
 Sponsors  
 MDPI (Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute)  
  Department of Computing Science, Umeå University  
  Umeå municipality, Region Västerbotten and Umeå University  

 Copyright 2024 | MH Newsdesk by MH Themes   

 This site uses cookies: Find out more.   Okay, thanks