Suchen      

 Next Generation Computing    

 Toggle navigation        
  Blog 
  Concepts | Approximate / Stochastic Computing 
  Amorphous Computing 
  Neuromorphic Computing 
  Quantum Computing 
  Reservoir Computing 
  Reversible/Adiabatic Computing 
  Architectures | Analog & Asynchronous 
  In-memory 
  Massive Parallel 
  Reconfigurable 
  Physical bases | Acoustic waves / Phonons 
  Atoms / Point Defects 
  Biological cells and organisms 
  Mechanical computing 
  Molecules / Chemical solutions 
  Photons / Plasmons 
  Spin / Magnetism 
  Unconventional Electronics 
  About | About this project 
  About Us 

 Conference: The 29th International Conference on DNA Computing and Molecular Programming (DNA29)  
  Posted in  biochemical computing  , biologicial computing  , next generation computing    Published on  31. March 2023     Authors  Dr. Sebastian Kersting     

 Tohoku University, Sendai  
 September 11-15, 2023  
 https://dna29.org/   
 Research in DNA computing and molecular programming draws together mathematics, computer science, physics, chemistry, biology, and nanotechnology to address the analysis, design, and synthesis of information-based molecular systems. This annual meeting is the premier forum where scientists with diverse backgrounds come together with the common purpose of applying principles and tools of computer science, physics, chemistry and mathematics to advance molecular-scale engineering and biology. The 29th International Conference on DNA Computing and Molecular Programming (DNA29), organized under the auspices of the International Society for Nanoscale Science, Computation and Engineering (ISNSCE), will focus on the most important recent experimental and theoretical results.  
 Full paper and abstract submission until May 3rd, 2023. Poster submission until June 30th, 2023.  
 More information: https://dna29.org/   

 share 
  share 
  share 
     
 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply    
 Your email address will not be published.  Required fields are marked *    
    
 Name *     
 Email *     
 Website    
  Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.   

 Dr. Sebastian Kersting   View all posts 

 Related posts & projects:  
 Computing Beyond More Moore 

 Is your institute working on a project in this area?   
  Then contact us!   

 Publishing Notes