Skip to content      
   
 Home 
  Program 
  Submissions 
  Accepted Papers 
  Poster Sessions 
  Travel Awards 
  Workshop 
  Prizes 
  Committees 
  Contact Us 
   
  Menu     
 Home 
  Program 
  Submissions 
  Accepted Papers 
  Poster Sessions 
  Travel Awards 
  Workshop 
  Prizes 
  Committees 
  Contact Us 

 DNA 30  

 Johns Hopkins University  
 September 16-20, 2024  

 The Meeting  

 Research in DNA computing and molecular programming draws together mathematics, computer science, physics, chemistry, biology, and nanotechnology to address the analysis, design, and synthesis of information-based molecular systems. This annual meeting is the premier forum where scientists with diverse backgrounds come together with the common purpose of applying principles and tools of computer science, physics, chemistry and mathematics to advance molecular-scale engineering and biology. The 30th International Conference on DNA Computing and Molecular Programming (DNA30), organized under the auspices of the International Society for Nanoscale Science, Computation and Engineering (ISNSCE), will focus on the most important recent experimental and theoretical results.  

 Poster Instruction  

 For authors interested in presenting their work only in the poster session, including research or projects of interest to the conference community. The abstract submission will be submitted electronically via EasyChair following the instructions and link at the conference web page. All poster submissions should be in PDF format and conform to the following guidelines:  
 The total length of the abstract should not exceed 1 page (11 point type, single spaced, 1 inch margins).   
   
 The one-page abstract should describe the primary results and their importance.   
   
 At the discretion of the PC, a small number of high-quality posters may be selected for short (10 minute) presentations at the conference. For consideration, optional supporting documentation is strongly encouraged to be submitted in addition to the one-page abstract.   

 Student Registration Fee Waiver  

 NSF Travel Awards are availble, click here  for more information.  

 Registration  

 Student/Post Doc Regular Registration $515  
 Registration has closed.   

 General Registration $615  
 Registration has closed.   

 All registrations include ISNSCE Membership Dues.  
 Registration ends on September 6, 2024.   

 Solicitation for Papers  

 Papers and presentations are sought in all areas that relate to biomolecular computing, including, but not restricted to: algorithms and models for computation on biomolecular systems; computational processes in vitro and in vivo; molecular switches, gates, devices, and circuits; molecular folding and self-assembly of nanostructures; analysis and theoretical models of laboratory techniques; molecular motors and molecular robotics; information storage; studies of fault-tolerance and error correction; software tools for analysis, simulation, and design; synthetic biology and in vitro evolution; applications in engineering, physics, chemistry, biology, and medicine.  
  
 Submit Papers Here    

 Key Dates  

 Full paper (track A) and extended abstract (track B) submission: May 6, 2024  
 Notification of paper acceptance: July 1, 2024  
 Revised manuscripts due: July 15, 2024  
 Poster (track C) submission: July 8, 2024  
 Notification of poster acceptance: July 22, 2024  
 Early registration deadline: July 30, 2024  
 Registration Ends September 6, 2024  
 Conference: September 16-20, 2024  
 NOTE: ALL DEADLINES ARE FIRM, THERE WILL BE NO EXTENSIONS!  

 Accomodations  

 The Study at Johns Hopkins-  The Study at Johns Hopkins is the first and only hotel located on the university’s Homewood Campus. A contemporary transformation of the century-old Blackstone Apartments located at 33rd and North Charles Street, The Study offers an immersive experience in campus life and the eclectic energy of Charles Village. 3215 N Charles Street,  Baltimore, MD 21218. Book Here!    
 Inn at The Colonnade Baltimore  – Located across the street from Johns Hopkins University and Blue Jays games at Homewood Field. 4 West University Parkway  Baltimore, Maryland, 21218-2306. Book Here!    

 Conference Venue  

 The Scott-Bates Commons Conference Center, Baltimore, MD   
   
 Venue Location   
 3301 North Charles Street,   
 Baltimore, Maryland 21218-2684  
  
 On campus shuttle information can be found here  .  

 Nearby International Airport    
 Baltimore Washington International – 30 minutes   
 7050 Friendship Rd, Baltimore, MD 21240  

 Ground Transportation   
 Rideshare apps are reccomended  
 Lyft   
 Uber   
 App-based ride services pick up and drop off passengers along the outer curb of the Departures/Upper Level between Doors #5-12. Crosswalks leading to the outer curb are located near Doors 5, 8 and 12.  
  
 There are other options available from BWI but rideshare apps are usually the most economical, you can learn about other options here.   

 Train Transportation   
 Amtrak- Baltimore Penn Station   
 1500 N Charles St, Baltimore, MD 21201  

 Invited Speakers  

 Julius B. Lucks    
 Professor Chemical and Biological Engineering  
 Northwestern University  

 Clifford P. Brangwynne    
 Chemical and Biological Engineering  
 Princeton University  

 Andrea Liu    
 Theoretical Soft and Living Matter Physicist  

 Kate Adamala    
 McKnight Land Grant Assistant Professor  
 University of Minnesota  

 Thomas Ouldridge    
 Imperial College London  

 Thank you to our sponsors!  

 © 2023 All Rights Reserved.