INFORMS.org 
  Certified Analytics Professional 
  PubsOnline 
  Career Center 
  2025 INFORMS Analytics+ Conference 

 Skip main navigation (Press Enter).    

 Log in    
   
 Toggle navigation         
     Search Options        

 Log in    

 Home 
  Communities | All Communities 
  My Communities 
  Discussions 
  Directory | Member Directory 
  Events 
  Discussion Posts 
  Browse | Library Entries 
  Blogs 

                     INFORMS Open Forum  

 ×     

  Back to discussions    
 Expand all  |  Collapse all      

 CFP: 27th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications  

 1.  CFP: 27th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications   
  0  Like             Jie Xu       Posted 05-15-2023 17:59      Options Dropdown    
    http://ds-rt.com/2023/    
 October 4-6, 2023, Singapore   
 Submission deadline: extended to June 7th, 2023     
  
 *THE SYMPOSIUM*   

 The 2023 IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications (DS-RT 2023) promises to be a grand affair and will take place in Singapore. DS-RT 2023 serves as a platform for simulationists from academia, industry and research labs to present recent research results in Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications.   
   
 DS-RT 2023 targets the growing overlap between large distributed simulations and real time applications, such as metaverse, collaborative virtual environments, pervasive and ubiquitous application scenarios, actuator systems and the usage of artificial intelligence techniques in both simulation and real-time applications.   
   
 The conference features prominent invited speakers as well as papers by top researchers in the field. DS-RT 2023 will include contributed technical papers, invited papers, and tutorials. The proceedings will be published by IEEE-CS press.   
    
 *CALL FOR PAPERS*   
  DS-RT provides an international forum for the discussion and presentation of original ideas, recent results and achievements by researchers, research students, and systems developers on issues and challenges related to distributed simulation and real time applications. Authors are encouraged to submit both theoretical and practical results of significance. Demonstration of new tools/applications is very encouraged.   
   
 The scope of the symposium includes, but is not limited to:   
  
 * Paradigms, Methodology and Software Architectures for Large Scale Distributed and Real-Time Simulations (e.g. Parallel and Distributed Simulation, Multi-Agent Based Distributed Simulation, HLA/RTI, Web, Grid and cloud based Simulation, hardware-software co-design for extreme scale simulations)   
 * Paradigms, Modelling, Architecture and Environments for Large Scale Real-time Systems and Concurrent Systems with hard and soft Real-Time Constraints   
 * Advanced Modelling techniques (reuse of models, new modelling languages, agent-based M&S, and spatial M&S)   
 * Multi-level, multi-scale, multi-resolution modelling and simulation   
 * Non-functional Properties of Distributed Simulation and Real-Time Systems (e.g. Dependability, Availability, Reliability, Maintainability, Safety, Security, Trustworthiness, QoS)   
 * Theoretical Foundations of Large Scale Real-Time and Simulation Models (e.g. Event Systems, Causality, Space-Time Models, Notions of Time, Discrete and Continuous Systems, Simulator Coordination)   
 * Simulation Studies at Large and Very Large Scale (e.g. Industrial, Commercial, Ecological and Environmental, Societal, Power and Energy, Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing Systems)   
 * Performance and Validation of Large Scale and Distributed Simulations (e.g., benchmarking and analytical results, empirical studies DIS, HLA/RTI studies)   
 * Algorithms and methods for parallel or distributed simulation (synchronization, scheduling, memory management, and load balancing)   
 * Languages and Tools, Development Environments, Data Interfaces, Network Protocols and Model Repositories that address Very Large Simulations   
 * Data Management and Distribution Issues, Interest Management, Semantic Modelling, Dead-Reckoning Mechanisms   
 * Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing Architectures and Applications that involve Simulations and/or adhere to Real-Time Constraints   
 * Simulation based Virtual Environments and Mixed Reality Systems (e.g. Interactive Virtual Reality, Human Communication through Immersive Environments)   
 * Collaborative Virtual and Augmented Reality, Shared Interaction Spaces, Telepresence Systems and Shared Workspaces, 3D Video and Acoustic Reconstruction, Shared Object Manipulation   
 * Serious Gaming and Massive Multiplayer Online Games (MMOG) applications, architectures and scalability issues   
 * Visual Interactive Simulation Environments (e.g., Generic Animation, Visual Interactive Modelling, Interactive Computer Based Training and Learning, Scientific Visualization, High-End Computer Graphics)   
 * Design Issues, Interaction Designs, Human Computer Interaction Issues raised by Large Scale DS-RT Systems   
 * Media Convergence (e.g. New Technologies, Media Theory, Real-Time considerations of Multi Modality, etc.)   
 * Innovative Styles of Interactions with Large Scale DS-RT Systems (e.g. Implicit, Situative and Attentive Interaction, Tangible Interaction, Embedded Interaction, etc.)   
 * Technologies for Living Labs (e.g. Mirror World Simulation, Interoperability, Large Scale Multi Sensor Networks, Global Wireless Communication, Multi Stakeholder Understanding and Innovation)   
 * Environmental and Emerging Simulation Challenges (e.g. Growth of Human Population, Climate Change, CO2, Health Care, Ecosystems, Sustainable Development, Water and Energy Supply, Human Mobility, Air Traffic, World Stock Markets, Food Supply Chains, Megacities, Smart Cities, Disaster Planning, etc.)   
 * Advanced Simulation Studies and Technologies (e.g. Discrete event, continuous Simulation, etc.)   
 * Cognitive Modelling and Simulation, and Neural Network Models and Simulation   
 * Artificial Intelligence and machine learning in Simulation   
 * Service-oriented Computing and Simulation, Web-based Modelling and Simulation, and Simulation of Multimedia Applications and Systems   
 * Modeling and Virtual Evaluation of Distributed Systems through Simulation, Resilience Network Evaluation in Distributed Systems through Simulation, Models and Simulation Environments for Distributed Cyber-Physical Systems Evaluation   
 * Smart Network Design and Traffic Modelling   
 * Haptic-audio-visual System and applications   
 * Medical and surgical simulation based Systems   
 * Human-computer interaction in virtual reality environment   
 * Usage of simulation techniques for the creation of metaverses   
 * Advances in Digital Twin paradigms   
   
 *IMPORTANT DATES*   
   
 Paper Submission deadline : June 7th, 2023     
    
 Acceptance notification : July 19th 2023   
   
 Camera-ready : August 9th, 2023   
   
 Symposium presentation: October 4-6, 2023   
   
 *SUBMISSION*   
  
 Papers must be unpublished and must not be submitted for publication elsewhere. All papers should be submitted using the following link: < https://edas.info/N30484  >. All papers will be reviewed by Technical Program Committee members and other experts active in the field to ensure high quality and relevance to the conference.   

 Accepted papers will appear in the conference proceedings to be published by IEEE-CS press. General information regarding submission can be found at http://ds-rt.com/2023    
 Questions from authors may be directed to the Program Co-Chairs.   

 IMPORTANT: ATTENDANCE BY AT LEAST ONE AUTHOR IS MANDATORY   

 *ORGANIZING COMMITTEE*   

 General Chair: Wentong Cai (Nanyang Technological University, Singapore)   

 Program Co-Chairs: Gary Tan (National University of Singapore, Singapore), Gabriele D'Angelo (University of Bologna, Italy)   

 Award Committee Chair: Georgios Theodoropoulos (SUSTech, China)   

 Special Sessions Chair: Rodolfo Coutinho (Concordia University, Canada)   

 Web Chair: ‪Noura Aljeri (University of Ottawa, Canada)   

 Publicity Co-Chairs: Kevin Jin (University of Arkansas, USA), Luca Serena (University of Bologna, Italy), Wenjie Tan (NUDT, China)   

 Publication/Proceedings Chair: Don Ta (Singapore University of Management, Singapore)   

 Finance/Registration Chair: Malcolm Low (Singapore Institute of Technology, Singapore)   

 Poster/Demo/Tutorial Chair: Philipp Andelfinger (University of Rostock, Germany)   

 Local Organization Chair: Mohammad Shalihin Othman (National University of Singapore, Singapore)   

  ------------------------------  
  Jie Xu  
  Department of Systems Engineering and Operations Research  
  George Mason University  
  Fairfax VA  
  ------------------------------ 

 ×  New Best Answer  
   
 This thread already has a best answer. Would you like to mark this message as the new best answer?    
   No    

 Related Content  
 IEOM-FlexSim Student Simulation Competition - Singapore   

 Ahad Ali  
     
 Added 10-16-2024   
 Discussion Thread 1     

 model management of OR/Simulation models   

 Manuel Rossetti  
     
 Added 10-23-2024   
 Discussion Thread 2     

 Annual Modeling and Simulation conference (ANNSIM'24)   

 Amin Rahimian  
     
 Added 01-03-2024   
 Library Entry    

 Annual Modeling and Simulation conference (ANNSIM'24)   

 Amin Rahimian  
     
 Added 01-03-2024   
 Discussion Thread 1     

 IISE Modeling and Simulation Division just founded   

 Weihang Zhu  
     
 Added 10-21-2017   
 Discussion Thread 1     

 Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences   
 5521 Research Park Drive, Suite 200  
  Catonsville, MD 21228 USA  phone 1  443-757-3500   
 phone 2  800-4INFORMS (800-446-3676)   
 fax  443-757-3515  
 email   

 Discover INFORMS 
  Explore OR & Analytics 
  Get Involved 
  Impact 
  Join Us 
  Recognizing Excellence 
  Professional Development 
  Resource Center 
  Meetings & Conferences 
  Publications 
  About INFORMS 
  PubsOnLine 
  2025 INFORMS Analytics+ Conference 
  Certified Analytics Professional 
  Career Center 
  INFORMS Connect 

 Copyright 2024 INFORMS. All Rights Reserved.  INFORMS Code of Conduct  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy  | Contact INFORMS    

 Copyright 2024. All rights reserved.   

 Powered by Higher Logic