IEEE eScience  Conference Series    
 Home  Past Conferences  Steering Committee  Advisory Committee      

 IEEE eScience       
   
 Home  Past Conferences  Steering Committee  Advisory Committee      

  Current Conference  
  21st IEEE International Conference on e-Science  
 2025 – Chicago, USA   
   
  What is eScience?  
 We offer two definitions, one long and one short: eScience studies, enacts, and improves the ongoing process of innovation in computationally-intensive or data-intensive research methods; typically this is carried out collaboratively, often using distributed infrastructure. eScience encompasses all fields of research and addresses all stages of the research lifecycle, from formulation of the research questions, through large scale simulations and data analytics, scientific discovery, up to long-term sharing, reusing, and reapplying of the results, data as well as the relevant tools, processes and knowledge. 
  eScience promotes innovation in collaborative, computationally- or data-intensive research across all disciplines, throughout the research lifecycle. 

  @eScience   
 Tweets by eScience    

   Past Conferences  
 21st IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2025 – Chicago, USA   

 20th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2024 – Osaka, Japan  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 30  Full papers submitted: 76  Attendees: 0     
  Proceedings     

 19th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2023 – Limassol, Cyprus  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 40  Full papers submitted: 81  Attendees: 148     
  Proceedings     

 18th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2022 – Utah, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 37  Full papers submitted: 58  Attendees: 180     
  Proceedings     

 17th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2021 – Innsbruck, Austria  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 23  Full papers submitted: 54  Attendees: 170     
  Proceedings     

 16th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2020 – Osaka, Japan  Cancelled due to COVID-19  
  Read the announcement here  .   

 15th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2019 – San Diego, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 25  Full papers submitted: 98  Attendees: 170     
  Proceedings     

 14th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2018 – Amsterdam, Netherlands  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 29  Full papers submitted: 85  Attendees: 470     
  Proceedings     

 13th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2017 – Auckland, New Zealand  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 33  Full papers submitted: 92  Attendees: 120     
  Proceedings     

 12th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2016 – Baltimore, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 30  Full papers submitted: 75  Attendees: ~100     
  Proceedings     

 11th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2015 – Munich, Germany  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 31  Full papers submitted: 123  Attendees: 160     
  Proceedings     

 10th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2014 – Guarujá, Brazil  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 38  Full papers submitted: 101  Attendees: 210     
  Proceedings     

 9th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2013 – Beijing, China  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 41  Full papers submitted: 98  Attendees: 259     
  Proceedings     

 8th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2012 – Chicago, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 48  Full papers submitted: 154  Attendees: ~225     
  Proceedings     

 7th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2011 – Stockholm, Sweden  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 54  Full papers submitted: 110  Attendees: 294     
  Proceedings     

 6th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2010 – Brisbane, Australia  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 44  Full papers submitted: 142  Attendees: 210     
  Proceedings     

 5th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2009 – Oxford, UK  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 51  Full papers submitted: 177  Attendees: 248     
  Proceedings     

 4th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2008 – Indianapolis, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 60  Full papers submitted: 206  Attendees: 268     
  Proceedings     

 3rd IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2007 – Bangalore, India  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 60  Full papers submitted: 206  Attendees: 200+     
  Proceedings     

 2nd IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2006 – Amsterdam, Netherlands  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 60  Full papers submitted: 106  Attendees: 200+     
  Proceedings     

 1st IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2005 – Melbourne, Australia  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 54  Full papers submitted: 175  Attendees: 160+     
  Proceedings     

   Steering Committee  
   
  Ilkay Altintas   
  Second term through 2026    
   
  Rosa Badia   
  First term through 2025    
   
  Kris Bubendorfer   
  Third term through 2027    
   
  Kyle Chard   
  Chair  , Third term through 2027    
   
  Rafael Ferreira da Silva   
  First term through 2026    
   
  Rosa Filgueira   
  First term through 2026    
   
  Sandra Gesing   
  First term through 2025    
   
  Daniel S. Katz   
  First term through 2026    
   
  Paul Roe   
  Third term through 2027    
   
  Michela Taufer   
  First term through 2025    

   Advisory Committee  
   
  David Abramson   
  former chair, 2019-2023    
   
  Rajkumar Buyya   

  Ewa Deelman   

  Dave De Roure   

  Ian Foster   

  Geoffrey Fox   

  Tony Hey   

  Nick Jones   

  Dieter Kranzlmüller   

  Erwin Laurie   

  Kai Nan   

  Ron Perrott   
  former chair, 2007-2012    
   
  Peter Sloot   

  Alex Szalay   

  Anne Trefethen   

  Paul Watson   

   eScience Steering Committee Charter  
 eScience Steering Committee Charter (as amended 27 Nov 2019)   
 I. Purpose of the International Conference on eScience (herein known as the eScience Conference)   
 The objective of the eScience Conference is to promote and encourage all aspects of eScience and its associated technologies, applications, and tools.   
 The conference is managed by a standing Steering Committee, a standing Advisory Committee, and for each conference, an Organizing Committee and a Program Committee.  
 II. Sponsorship   
 The Sponsor shall have the right to withdraw from participation in eScience. The Sponsor will provide notice of withdrawal as soon as possible prior to the next eScience, but no later than the publishing of the Call For Papers. Withdrawal shall be effective upon receipt by the Sponsor(s) of written notice of withdrawal. Upon the effective date of withdrawal, all references to the Sponsor shall be deleted from all promotional, advertising and other materials produced for the purpose of distribution in connection with eScience. The withdrawing Sponsor will be liable for its proportionate share of any expenses, losses, and contractual obligations incurred up to the effective date of withdrawal unless a new sponsor agrees to assume all liability for expenses, losses and contractual obligations. The name of the conference belongs to the Sponsor unless released to a new sponsor for continuation.  
 III. The Steering Committee   
 A. Purpose   
 To oversee the long-term planning and success of this conference. The Steering Committee plans for future conferences, evaluates how well each conference has achieved the objectives stated above, and implements improvements to better meet these objectives.  
 The Steering Committee is responsible for the general oversight of and setting policy for the Conference. The Steering Committee is normally responsible for making the major strategic decisions, namely, the appointment of the general chair(s) and program chair(s), selection of dates and locations, major theme, and communication with the sponsor. In addition, the Steering Committee may review and approve the budget before it is sent to the sponsor.  
 More specifically the Steering Committee should  
 Plan future eScience Conferences, 
  Obtain feedback about the eScience Conference for the purpose of improving the conference, 
  Select the General and Program Chairs of future eScience Conferences in response to the submitted proposals, 
  Select the sites and dates for future eScience Conferences, in response to the submitted proposals, 
  Assist in the appointment of other positions in the Program Committee. 
  Monitor the progress of future eScience Conferences, and act if needed to prevent problems that would seriously affect the reputation of the conference. 
  B. Steering Committee Chairperson   
 The Chair of the Steering Committee shall be elected from among the Steering Committee members for a term of no more than three years. The same Chair can be elected for one additional term. After finishing his/her term, the Chair must leave the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve on the Steering Committee again.  
 C. Steering Committee Secretary   
 The Secretary of the Steering Committee shall be elected from among the Steering Committee members for a term of no more than three years. The same Secretary can be elected for one additional term. After finishing his/her term, the Secretary must leave the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve on the Steering Committee again. In the absence of a Steering Committee Secretary, the Steering Committee chair shall keep meeting minutes.  
 D. Steering Committee Members   
 The current Steering Committee members in the meeting held at each year’s eScience Conference shall select new members of the Steering Committee. The committee membership is open to all participants of any eScience Conference who have significant experience in the operation of conferences (such as serving as General and/or Program Chairs of past conferences). Any participant interested to serve should indicate their interest to the Steering Committee Chair. The term of office of each member is 3 years, renewable twice for another term of 3 years. After serving 3 terms, a Steering Committee member must be off the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve again. (Initial terms will be staggered to insure continuity on the committee). The newly elected members of the Steering Committee take office as soon as the meeting in which they were elected is over.  
 E. Voting Rights   
 During meetings of the Steering Committee, each member shall have one vote  . A quorum both for face-to-face meetings and for email or phone meetings will be a majority (greater than 50%) of the number of members of the Steering Committee. Written proxies may be submitted by electronic or surface post to the secretary or the chair of the Steering Committee. Steering Committee members will be informed sufficiently in advance of any known motions to be voted on during a forthcoming meeting. The chair has the deciding vote in cases of tied votes.  
 F. Steering Committee Meetings   
 A Steering Committee meeting must be held at each eScience. If necessary, interim meetings can be called by the Steering Committee Chair or by a simple majority of the members and can also be held by electronic mail or by other means.  
 Steering Committee members are expected to attend the Steering Committee meeting at each eScience. Members who miss two consecutive meetings at eScience without giving sufficient cause are considered withdrawn from the Committee, subject to review by the Steering Committee.  
 The secretary or another member of the Steering Committee designated by the Chair will take minutes. The Chair and Secretary will both maintain minutes of the past Steering Committee meetings.  
 III. The Advisory Committee   
 A. Purpose   
 To contribute to the long-term planning and success of this conference. The Advisory Committee provides advice to the Steering Committee. It works with the Steering Committee to plan for future conferences evaluate how well each conference has achieved the objectives stated above, and implement improvements to better meet these objectives.  
 B. Advisory Committee Members   
 When a Steering Committee member completes a term of service on the Steering Committee, if that member so desires, he or she can become a member of the Advisory Committee. Advisory Committee membership continues until the member resigns, or a majority of the Steering Committee votes for the Advisory Committee members’ membership to cease.  
 C. Voting Rights   
 Advisory Committee members may participate in discussions with the Steering Committee, but do not vote.  
 IV. Constituting a Conference   
 The Steering Committee obtains, through open and informal solicitations, proposals for: conference locations names of individuals who are suitable to serve as General Chair(s), individuals who are suitable to serve as Program Chair(s), and other organizational issues. Individuals or institutions interested to propose and organize a future eScience should follow the steps listed below.  
 A.  Written proposals for the conference should be sent to the Chair of the Steering Committee significantly before the proposed conference date. The decision on the conference will generally be made at least 24 months before the proposed date.  
 B.  Proposals shall list facilities, venue, proposed management, budgets and financial arrangements, a brief summary of the conference structure, a draft of a preliminary call for papers, and any other information required by the Steering Committee. In particular, the scheduling of any other potentially conflicting meetings within several months before or after the proposed meeting date must be evaluated as part of the proposal.  
 C.  Those wishing to host a future eScience Conference should make their intentions known sufficiently in advance of the proposed date (e.g. 30 months) so that any information required by the Steering Committee can be obtained in a timely manner, and other activities can be integrated into a program of interest to all.  
 D.  The Steering Committee reviews proposals and may seek advise from anonymous reviewers. If the evaluation is positive, the Steering Committee will tentatively accept the proposal, and the proposer(s) will be asked to prepare a detailed budget using the IEEE CS appropriate forms (TMRF) and submit the form to the Steering Committee Chair at least 15 months before the proposed conference date. After approval by the Steering Committee it will be passed to the Society. The IEEE Computer Society will make final approval of the TMRF.  

  2005-2024  eScience Conference Series