info@eannconf.org 
  Facebook 
  Linkedin 

    Toggle Navigation     
   
 2023 Event 
  Conference | Important Dates 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Paper Submission 
  Bibliometric Details 
  Previous EANN Events 
  Live Event | Program 
  Paper List 
  Instructions and Support 
  Proceedings 
  Special Issues 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Calls for workshops / Special Sessions Proposals 
  Venue | Place 
  Room Reservation 
  Travel 
  About Spain 
  Registration 

 The EANN series is scheduled to be gradually renamed as:  
  EAAAI (Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence).  

 EANN / EAAAI 2023   
   
 24th International Conference on Engineering Applications of Neural Networks  
   León, Spain  
  Hybrid @ León - Spain & Web  
  14 – 17 June, 2023   

 Submission deadline in   

 Important Dates    

 Paper Submission​    

 Committees    

 Special Issues​    

  kr1-1024x640-1.jpg   

 kr3.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 EANN / EAAAI 2024     
 EANN / EAAAI 2024 event has been announced. 27-30 June 2024, Corfu, Greece  
  Click HERE  to visit AIAI 2024 site  

 AIAI 2023 Info Pack     
 Dear participants,  
 Please see bellow a short info pack of AIAI 2023 event.  

 Info Pack      

 Conference Interactive Program     
 Dear colleagues,  
 The interactive program of 24th EANN / EAAAI 2023 has been published and can be found under the “Live Event” menu on the home page of 2023 event:  
 https://eannconf.org/2023/program   
 All “ Join room  ” links are embedded to the program and can be seen by just clinking at each session  
 Please note that all times at the program are in CEST (Central European Summer Time) Zone which is the time zone of León, Spain.   
 Under the same menu option you can find a full list of conference papers together with their abstracts.  
 Finally, a separate option with Webex platform instructions, together with support and contact details can be found at the same menu option.  

 Conference Brief Program     
 Dear Colleagues  
 The brief program of 24rd EANN (EAAAI) 2023 has been published and can be found under the “Live Event” menu on the home page of 2023 event:   
 https://eannconf.org/2023/program/    
 Please note that all times at the program are in CEST (Central European Summer Time) Zone which is the time zone of León, Spain.  
    
 Under the same menu option you can find a full list of conference papers together with their abstracts.   

 Acceptance Notification Delivery    
 Dear colleagues   
 Acceptance / Rejection Notifications for 24 th  International Conference on Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence) have been delivered.   
 If you didn’t receive the notification for your paper, please check spam folder and/or contact EANN / EAAAI local organizing committee at anpsatha@civil.duth.gr    

 Workshops   

 VAA-CP-EB      

 ADUD      

 AI & ETHICS      

 DAAI      

 Update to the EANN / EAAAI Community from the organisers  
 Dear Colleagues,  
 On behalf of the 24th EAAAI 2023 (Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence) ex EANN Organizing and Scientific Committee, it is a real honor and pleasure to welcome all Artificial Intelligence scholars who are looking for a well-established and prestigious forum to communicate and disseminate the innovative advances of their research. It is a fact that AI is continuously digging its way in a vast number of diverse scientific domains. EAAAI (ex EANN) aims to provide a forum for all Engineers from both academia and industry, who wish to share pioneer ideas, to get to know each other better and to present their research. Moreover, it aims to offer a deep glimpse into the future and to examine important AI ethical aspects.  
 The conference accepts papers from the whole AI spectrum  . After 23 years the name of EANN is gradually changing to come to: EAAAI (Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence) in order to better reflect its thematic areas.  
 The EAAAI ex EANN Conference has been held continuously since 1995, under the auspices of the INNS EANN Special Interest Group  . Through the years, it has evolved to a well-respected and mature event, under the technical and scientific co-sponsorship of the INNS community. This community comprises of an extended Group of leading scientists, not only from Europe but from all over the globe  …[read more]   

 Further information  

 Prof. Lazaros Iliadis  
 Democritus University of Thrace  
 Email: liliadis@civil.duth.gr   

 Local arrangements  

 Easy Conferences  
 Tel: (+357) 22 591 900  
 Fax: (+357) 22 591 700  
 Email: info@easyconferences.eu   

 Organized by  

 In cooperation with  

 Sponsored by  

 All rights reserved |   24th INNS  EANN / EAAAI organizing committee  

    Skip to content  Open toolbar  Accessibility Tools         
 Accessibility Tools  
 Increase Text     Increase Text 
  Decrease Text     Decrease Text 
  Grayscale     Grayscale 
  High Contrast     High Contrast 
  Negative Contrast     Negative Contrast 
  Light Background     Light Background 
  Links Underline     Links Underline 
  Readable Font     Readable Font 
  Reset     Reset