What we do  Knowledge hub  E-news-stories  Join us  who we are   

 DRC e-news  
 ECCO XXXVI CONFERENCE MAY 2023   
   
 By DRC   
  
 “ The Structure of Mean-Variance and Max Entropy Frontiers In Portfolio Optimization”  authored by professors Yiannis Dimoticalis and Takis Varelas was presented by Yiannis in the6 th  Conference of the European Chapter on Combinatorial Optimization be held in Chania, Crete, Greece, from Thursday 11 th  to Sunday 14 th  May 2023. ECCO (European Chapter on Combinatorial Optimization) is a Working Group of EURO (Association of European Operational Research Societies)  that provides an excellent opportunity to discuss recent and important issues in Combinatorial Optimization and its applications.  
 The traditional Markowitz Mean–Variance method for optimizing a portfolio is based on risk (variance) minimization. The combinations of portfolio assets lead to the associated Mean-Variance frontier. The Max Entropy approach is based on maximizing entropy as a way to measure portfolio differentiation. Geometrically the structure of the Max Entropy frontier is similar to that of the Mean-Variation frontier. Both frontiers are the answer to a specific optimization problem with certain constrains. The cases of 2, 5, and 10 assets portfolios are used to show the similarities and differences of the two frontiers. The implications for portfolio managers are discussed using a new index for the Max Entropy frontier that is comparable to the Sharpe index of the Mean-Variance method.  

 14 June 2023   
    
 Share this article:   

 Related news  
 more news   

 Academia   

 13 November 2024   
   
 DRC and UNIPI join forces  
 For the 3rd consecutive year, on November 24 in Danaos Auditorium, ours Prof. T. Varelas and E. Bintevinou delivered a series of lectures within the content of the “Ship Management and Technological Applications’ course, which is included in the MSc in Marine Science and Technology Management program, offered by the University of Piraeus (UNIPI) in […]  
   
 read more   

 Academia   

 drc   
 18 April 2024   
   
 Recreational Mathematics with the len of OR and AI   
 The e-book “Recreational Mathematics with the len of operational research and artificial intelligence” authored by danaos research centre is on web. Programs and models may be downloaded on request. The most known ingenuity recreational mathematics and strategy games are presented, solved and finaly integrated utilizing artificial intelligent and operational research techniques. We invite you to […]  
   
 read more   

 Academia   

 11 October 2023   
   
 D. Kaklis defends his Ph.D thesis   
 With great pleasure, we announce that on Monday 9th of October at Harokopio University our Dimitris Kaklis defended his thesis titled “AI and Industry 4.0-enabled optimization towards a carbon-neutral ship operational blueprint” and nominated Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) with excellence. Dimitris awarded with scholarship from Stavros Niarchos Foundation in “industrial fellowship” competition program managed by […]  
   
 read more   

 Subscribe to newsletter   
    Thank you! Your submission has been received!   
   
 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.   

 About us  Projects  Publications  Contact us   

 © 2021 Danaos Research Center. All rights reserved.