ECOOP 2023   Mon 17 - Fri 21 July 2023 Seattle (University of Washington campus), Washington, United States    
 co-located with ECOOP and ISSTA 2023    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Seattle 
  ECOOP and ISSTA 2023 
  Conduct 
  Covid-19 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Visas 
  Program | ECOOP Program 
  Your Program 
  Schedule Overview 
   Mon 17 Jul 
  Tue 18 Jul 
  Wed 19 Jul 
  Thu 20 Jul 
  Fri 21 Jul 
  Tracks | ECOOP 2023 
  Awards 
  Keynotes 
  Research Papers 
  Artifacts 
  ECOOP and ISSTA 2023 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Keynotes 
  Sponsorships 
  Student Research Competition 
  Student Volunteers 
  Workshops 
   Workshops 
  COP 
  DEBT 
  FTfJP 
  FUZZING 
  ICOOOLPS 
  VORTEX 
  Organization | ECOOP 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Papers | Program Committee 
  Extended Review Committee and External Reviewers 
  Artifacts 
  ECOOP and ISSTA 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Sponsorships 
  Student Research Competition 
  Student Volunteers 
  Workshops 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Workshops 
  COP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  DEBT | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FTfJP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FUZZING | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ICOOOLPS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  VORTEX | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ECOOP 2025 
  ECOOP 2024 
  ECOOP 2023 
  ECOOP 2022 
  ECOOP 2021 
  ECOOP 2020 
  ECOOP 2019 
  ECOOP 2018 
  ECOOP 2017 
  ECOOP 2016 
  ECOOP 2015 
   2014: Uppsala 
  2013: Montpellier 
  2012: Beijing 
  2011: Lancaster 
  2010: Maribor 
  2009: Genova 
  2008: Cyprus 
  2007: Berlin 
  2006: Nice 
  2005: Glasgow 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

   Photo by Howard Ignatius     
 Seattle Downtown with Space Needle  

   Photo by T.Tseng     
 The Seattle Great Wheel  

   Photo by GoToVan     
 Amazon Spheres  

   Photo by Ming-yen Hsu     
 Seattle Public Library  

   Photo by Jon     
 Seattle Center Monorail  

   Photo by Stephen Kelly     
 Museum of Pop Culture (MoPOP)  

   Photo by Frank Fujimoto     
 Pacific Science Center  

   Photo by Michael Righi     
 Pike Place Market  

   Photo by Eric Moreno     
 Seattle Skyline  

 Home 
  Welcome to Seattle and logistics 
  Online sessions and Zoom links 
  ECOOP 2023  
   
 ECOOP is Europe’s longest-standing annual Programming Languages conference, bringing together researchers, practitioners, and students to share their ideas and experiences in all topics related to programming languages, software development, systems and applications. ECOOP welcomes high quality research papers relating to these fields in a broad sense.  
 ECOOP is committed to affordable open access publishing. Recent year’s publications have been published by Dagstuhl’s LIPIcs series  under a Creative Commons CC-BY license where the authors retain their copyright. ECOOP articles have been published without open access publishing fee and can be accessed via a DOI. LIPIcs is indexed in DBLP, Google Scholar, Scopus and others.  

 Keynotes  
   AITO Test of Time Award: Why Programming Languages Matter: Reflections on 45 Years of Language Design  
 Andrew P. Black   

    Dahl-Nygaard Senior Prize: Safe Journeys into the Unknown – Object Capabilities  
 Sophia Drossopoulou   

    Dahl-Nygaard Junior Prize: My Part of the Scala Story, and Beyond!  
 Heather Miller   

 Travel Support  
   
 You may request for travel support by filling out the form https://forms.gle/YXzxqqnhzpPscHMU6  and  emailing alex.jafari@aito-services.org  . After approval, you may submit flight, transportation, registration accommodation and meal expenses to be reimbursed.  
 If you qualify for a diversity* grant, you may also indicate that in the form.  
 * Diversity grants are for women, minorities, persons with disabilities and under-represented groups in STEM (Black or African Americans, Hispanic or Latino population).   

 Highlights  
   
 This ECOOP edition continues the last edition’s innovations, embracing the entire landscape of programming technologies with a revised reviewing and publishing model:  
 Broader Scope.  ECOOP welcomes contributions in all aspect of practice and theory of programming languages, systems and environments, ranging the whole spectrum from novel ideas to evaluation of existing solutions. Authors can pick one of four broad categories: research papers  , reproduction studies  , experience papers  , and brave new ideas  or pearls  . Negative results and short papers are welcome. 
  Continuous Submissions.  ECOOP is moving towards frequent submission deadlines. ECOOP 2023 has two rounds of submissions, one in December and the second in March. Each round is double-blind  and delivers its results within two months  . 
  Collaborative Reviewing.  ECOOP encourages constructive reviewing where papers that are not accepted outright are given clear and actionable suggestions for improvements so that they can be resubmitted in subsequent rounds; thus, following the reviewing model of many journals but with timely reviews. Unlike conference reviewing, the same reviewers will remain attached to a submission throughout the process even if it takes multiple rounds. 
  Frictionless Submission.  ECOOP enforces neither strict page limits nor strict formatting requirements for submitted papers. Instead, we encourage authors to write what the clearest possible submission while keeping in mind that reviewers can only spend the same finite  amount of time on each paper. 
  Artifacts Now.  Artifacts supporting the scientific claims of papers can now submitted together with their paper and thus all authors will benefit from the feedback of the artifact evaluation committee. 
  Open Access.  ECOOP remains committed to open access, all papers appearing the proceedings of the conference, all talks, and all artifacts will be archived and made available free of charge and without author processing fees. 
  Journal First.  ECOOP papers can be submitted to special issues of three journals, TOPLAS, Science of Computer Programming and the Journal of Object Technology. The requirements of these journals apply for submissions. For SCP and JOT, the ECOOP program committee will act as reviewers with the same deadline. TOPLAS follow its own process. JOT is open access. 
  Journal After.  Selected papers will be invited to publish extended versions in special issues of our associated journals. An extended abstract of the paper will appear in the ECOOP proceedings. Journal after submission at SCP and JOT are reviewed by the ECOOP PC, while TOPLAS uses its own process. 

 ISSTA/ECOOP'23: Welcome to Seattle and logistics  
   
 Dear ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 participants,  
 We look forward to welcoming you to the joint conference next week.  
 Below are a number of logistical notes as well as guidelines for presenters. (For convenience, this and other communications will appear on the conference website as well.)  
 On behalf of the ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 organizing committee, welcome to Seattle!  
 René Just  
 Light Rail   
 The Seattle Light Rail system is a great option to get around the Seattle area and to the University of Washington. There is a station conveniently located at the SeaTac airport (from baggage claim, head up to 4th floor and use the skybridge to cross to the parking garage, and follow signs to Link Light Rail), and the line goes directly to downtown Seattle and the University of Washington. Light Rail and bus tickets can be easily purchased via the Transit GO Ticket app  or at ticket kiosks located in the station. Light Rail tickets are $7 for all day use, or $2.25 to $3.50 per one-way trip.  
 Bus   
 Seattle has extensive bus route systems. You can use Seattle Metro’s convenient Trip Planning site  to plan your route. Tickets can be purchased via the Transit GO Ticket app  or with $2.75 exact change when boarding the bus.  
 Parking on Campus   
 Paid parking is available on the University of Washington campus. If you are driving to campus, it is recommended to factor in 20-30 minutes for finding parking and walking to your destinations, as the Allen and Gates buildings are 0.4 miles (0.6 km) from all parking garages. Information about parking fees can be found on ]UW’s Transportation]( https://transportation.uw.edu/park/visitor  ) website. Parking permits can be purchased at UW Gatehouses or by phone via the PayByPhone App  .  
 Addresses   
 Paul G. Allen Center for Computer Science and Engineering (Allen Center) 185 E Stevens Way NE Seattle, WA 98195  
 Bill & Melinda Gates Center for Computer Science and Engineering (Gates Center) 3800 E Stevens Way NE Seattle, WA 98195  
 (The two buildings are adjacent, though the street numbers may suggest otherwise.)  
 Registration   
 Please pick up your conference badge and registration package at the registration desk in the Allen Center. Just enter the building through the sliding doors, and the reception desk will be in front of you. The registration desk will be staffed between 8am and 5pm, Monday through Thursday, and between 8am and noon on Friday.  
 Technical Program   
 You can find a program overview and details for the entire week on the ISSTA/ECOOP website  . (The programs on the ISSTA and ECOOP website instances are in sync with the overall program, but provide a view that is tailored to each conference.)  
 Guidelines for presenters   
 In-person presentations:  Presentation slots are 15 minutes (unless differently indicated by your track chair). Please follow the instructions provided to you by your track chair to allow for enough time for Q&A. Please go to your allocated room 15 minutes before the session start time to meet with the Session Chair (see technical program), review the pronunciation of your name, and familiarize yourself with the room and A/V set up, if needed (see Rehearsal and equipment check). You are expected to use your own laptop for presentations, which needs to be connected via HDMI. Some dongles (USB-C) may be available but bring your own adapter if needed. For ISSTA and ECOOP presentations, the A/V system is set up such that it will capture the screen, presenter, and audio, which will be streamed for remote participants via Zoom. Note that you do not need to join a Zoom meeting, simply plug in your device and use the wireless microphone provided. 
  ISSTA-Online presentations:  Presentation slots are 10 minutes. Prepare for 7.5 minutes of presentation and 2.5 minutes of Q&A. You will be required to present via Zoom. Please join the zoom meeting for your online session 15 minutes before the session start time. The zoom meeting details will be shared separately before the main conference. To avoid complications, please install the latest Zoom application on your computer and do not present via a web browser. Make sure your Zoom setup is working properly by running the Zoom audio/video test before joining the call. If your presentation contains any audio, you must enable the sharing of audio when sharing your screen. When you have finished your presentation, please stop sharing your screen and mute your microphone. 
  Posters:  Please set up your poster on Tuesday between 3pm and 3:30pm in the Allen Atrium (in time for the first poster session that starts at 3:30pm). All posters can remain in the Allen Atrium until Thursday evening. Easels, poster boards (32x40 inches), and clips will be provided. 
  Rehearsal and equipment check:  We have reserved room G04 for presentation rehearsal and equipment testing. The A/V setup is identical in all conference rooms. If your set up works in G04, it should work everywhere. 
  Need Help?   
 Signs and student volunteers (in purple shirts) will guide you and help you find your way around campus. If you need additional help or support, please let a staff member at the registration desk know or email April and René.  

 Online sessions and Zoom links  
   
 Dear ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 participants,  
 Below are four meeting links for joining the conference remotely, grouped by conference room. These links are valid for the entire week, and each meeting will start at 10:15am (PDT) on any given day. Please see the online program  for details regarding sessions, rooms, and presentation order.  
 For online presenters   
 Please make sure to virtually join your meeting room 15 minutes prior to the start of your session to connect with your session chair and a student volunteer in the (physical) conference room.  
 For in-person participants   
 All remote presentations are streamed in the physical conference rooms (in the order as listed in the program). In-person participants will be able to ask questions using a wireless microphone and do not need to connect to Zoom.  
 Habib Classroom (Gates G01)   
 https://washington.zoom.us/j/96378948308 
  https://washington.zoom.us/j/93508947113 
  ISSTA Online 2 (Static Analysis) 
  ISSTA Online 5 (Domain-specific Testing) 
  Bezos Seminar Room (Gates G04)   
 https://washington.zoom.us/j/97880373378 
  https://washington.zoom.us/j/98758960237 
  ISSTA Online 3 (Empirical Studies) 
  ISSTA Online 6 (Smart Contracts and Automotive) 
  Smith Classroom (Gates G10)   
 https://washington.zoom.us/j/95570994317 
  ISSTA Online 1 (SE and Deep Learning) 
  ISSTA Online 4 (Testing and Analysis of Deep Learning Systems) 
  Amazon Auditorium (Gates G20)   
 https://washington.zoom.us/j/99192851975 
  ISSTA-online keynote 
  ISSTA’24 preview 
  ISSTA closing 
  On behalf of the ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 organizing committee,  
 René Just  

  ECOOP 2023 Tracks   
   
 Awards  | Keynotes  | Research Papers  | Artifact Evaluation  | Doctoral Symposium  | Keynotes  | Sponsorships  | Student Research Competition  | Student Volunteers  | Workshops   
  Show all tracks    

   Posts   
   
 Tweets by ECOOPconf    
 Supporters   

 Sponsor 
 Sponsor 
 Sponsor 
 Sponsor 

 x  Mon 25 Nov 08:39    

  ECOOP 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Awards   
  Keynotes   
  Research Papers   
  Artifacts   
   
  ECOOP and ISSTA 2023  
 Doctoral Symposium   
  Keynotes   
  Sponsorships   
  Student Research Competition   
  Student Volunteers   
  Workshops    
 Workshops  
 COP 2023   
  DEBT 2023   
  FTfJP 2023   
  FUZZING 2023   
  ICOOOLPS 2023   
  VORTEX 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Seattle   
  ECOOP/ISSTA Code of Conduct   
  ECOOP/ISSTA Covid-19 Disclosure & Liability Waiver   
  Accommodation   
  ECOOP / ISSTA 2023 Registration Is Open   
  Visas