Skip to content    

   Skip to content    
 Home 
  Author information | Call for papers 
  Submission instructions | Double-blind submission 
  Review Process | Evaluation criteria 
  Artifact evaluation 
  Open access 
  Workshops | Call for Workshop and Tutorial Proposals 
  Program | Program 
  First-timer reception 
  Industrial Challenge 
  Real-time pitches / Work in Progress 
  Logistics | Local information 
  Registration 
  Organizers 
  About ECRTS | General information 
  Subscribe to ecrts-info 
  ECRTS in social media 
  ECRTS archive 
  ECRTS awards 

  Home    About ECRTS    
 About ECRTS  
 ECRTS is a conference of Euromicro  , a non-profit organization established in 1973. It is a member of the Strategic Forum of the European Alliance for Innovation (EAI). Euromicro is governed by its Board of Directors. The technical activities of Euromicro are organized by technical committees which handle the individual events. In the case of ECRTS, this is the Technical Committee on Real-Time Systems  .  
 Real-time systems 
  Quality 
  Innovation 
  Open access 
  Organization 
  Real-time systems  
 ECRTS promotes state-of-the-art research for applications with temporal constraints, time-sensitive, real-time systems. Such computing systems have to provide results that are not only correct in value but also delivered at the right time. Instead of average behavior as for standard computing, real-time systems have to allow for guarantees that temporal requirements will be met.  
 Quality  
 ECRTS is the premier European venue for presenting research into the broad area of real-time systems. Along with IEEE RTSS and IEEE RTAS, ECRTS ranks as one of the three top international conferences on this topic. Google Scholar Metrics  lists ECRTS as top conference per h5-index, CAPES (Brasil) as A1  .  
 Innovation  
 ECRTS has been at the forefront of recent innovations in the real-time community such as Work-in-Progress Poster sessions, Call for Actions, Artifact Evaluation, Industrial Challenges, Open-Access proceedings, etc., in the larger real-time computing community.  
 ECRTS began as a workshop in 1989, progressing to become a major international conference in 1998. ECRTS has its roots in the real-time laboratories and research groups in both academia and industry throughout Europe and across the world.  
 Open access  
 We believe that the conference serves the research community and the public best when results are accessible to the largest audience without restrictions, in particular not behind paywalls.  
 We also believe that the dissemination of results should not be restricted by the financial situation of authors, e.g. when substantial sums are required by for-profit publishers for “open access”.  
 Since 2017, ECRTS has been applying an open access publication model using LIPIcs – Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics   , a series of high-quality conference proceedings established in cooperation with Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz Center for Informatics   . The paper selection procedures and quality control remain unchanged, but accepted papers are made public for access without additional cost.  
 Conference fees cover publication costs, which include the cost of keeping proceedings open access.  
 Organization  
 The Technical Committee is responsible for selecting locations and organizers for ECRTS.  
 Program Chairs  are responsible for the technical program of the main conference. They are selected based on their technical achievements, standing in the community, and organizational abilities. They select Program Committee  members, who review submitted papers and, together with the Program Chair, select papers for the program of the main conference, based on their scientific quality only in a face-to-face meeting. Program chairs serve only once.  
 General Chairs  are responsible for the logistical aspects of holding the conference, such as venue, facilities for communication, networking, and community building, including financial aspects.  
 ECRTS is complemented by a series of satellite workshops, which provide lively forums for discussion and interactions on various technical topics. They complement the main conference by providing short turnaround time for contributions, enabling exchange and discussions of new ideas in their areas, and establishing communities on specific topics.  
 Workshop chairs  are responsible for proposing new or organizing the technical aspects of specific workshops, with an emphasis on novelty and innovative concepts for interaction.  
  Technical committee: Yasmina Abdeddaïm  , Sebastian Altmeyer  , Steve Goddard  , Marcus Völp   

 Comments are closed.  

 Main conference important dates   
 Submission deadline: February 28, 2025 (Firm)   
  Notification: April 21, 2025  
  Camera-ready deadline: May 16, 2025  
  Deadlines are UTC-12 (Anywhere on Earth)   
 Submission website: tba  
 Early registration deadline: tba   
 Registration page: https://www.ecrts.org/registration/   
   Conference: July 8 - 11, 2025   
  
  Latest news 

 Euromicro Privacy Policy   
   Please report issues to webmaster@ecrts.org    
 Powered by Tempera  & WordPress.