Skip to content    

   Skip to content    
 Home 
  Author information | Call for papers 
  Submission instructions | Double-blind submission 
  Review Process | Evaluation criteria 
  Artifact evaluation 
  Open access 
  Workshops | Call for Workshop and Tutorial Proposals 
  Program | Program 
  First-timer reception 
  Industrial Challenge 
  Real-time pitches / Work in Progress 
  Logistics | Local information 
  Registration 
  Organizers 
  About ECRTS | General information 
  Subscribe to ecrts-info 
  ECRTS in social media 
  ECRTS archive 
  ECRTS awards 

  Home    ECRTS awards    
 ECRTS awards  
 ECRTS outstanding achievement award 2021    
 Gerhard Fohler receives the ECRTS outstanding achievement award for two decades of leadership and services to the conference and the real-time community in general.  

 In 1998, what is now ECRTS used to be a workshop which was about to vanish, when Gerhard Fohler took over as the organizing person and scientific lead behind Euromicro’s real-time systems effort. In the years since then, Gerhard has turned this workshop into a leading conference, maintaining top ranks in several ranking systems (including Core A, CAPES A1, and ASN A, to mention only a few). Gerhard was the driving force behind introducing and implementing many innovations that have since been adopted by many other conferences, including a Work in Progress Poster session, Calls to Action, Artifact Evaluation, Industrial Challenges, and Open-Access proceedings. Without his determination and leadership, ECRTS would not have been what it is now: one of the three top international conferences for promoting state-of-the-art research for real-time systems.  
 It is with deepest gratitude that the real-time community awards the ECRTS outstanding achievement award   to Prof. Dr. Gerhard Fohler in recognition for two decades of leadership and services to the conference and the real-time community in general.  

 Comments are closed.  

 Main conference important dates   
 Submission deadline: February 28, 2025 (Firm)   
  Notification: April 21, 2025  
  Camera-ready deadline: May 16, 2025  
  Deadlines are UTC-12 (Anywhere on Earth)   
 Submission website: tba  
 Early registration deadline: tba   
 Registration page: https://www.ecrts.org/registration/   
   Conference: July 8 - 11, 2025   
  
  Latest news 

 Euromicro Privacy Policy   
   Please report issues to webmaster@ecrts.org    
 Powered by Tempera  & WordPress.