EDBT    
 Organization 
  Test of Time 
  Conferences 
  Summer Schools 
  Statutes 
  Imprint 

  Extending Database Technology   
 Promoting and supporting research and progress in the fields of databases and information systems technology and applications  
   
 Next conference: EDBT 2025 (28th Edition)  

 EDBT/ICDT 2025 Joint Conference  
 28th International Conference on Extending Database Technology  
 Barcelona, Spain  
 25th - 28th March, 2025  
 Local Web site   
 Notice that from 2022 on, the EDBT Conference switched to 3 submission/publication cycles for its papers. Details can be found below.  
 Submission deadlines for 2025 are Feb 2, 2024; June 5, 2024; October 9, 2024.  

 Back to top    
   
 Welcome to the Web site of the EDBT Association (edbt.org)   
 The Association  
 The EDBT Association is a non-political and non-profit organization for promoting and supporting research and progress in the fields of databases and information systems technology and applications. It was formed in 1990 to provide a stable structure to support the continuity of the EDBT Conference series; it changed its legal status in 1995, assuming the current legal form of an association according to Italian laws.  
 Our major activity is the promotion of the International Conference on Extending Database Technology (EDBT), which has been held every two years since 1988. From 2008 on, the Conference is being held annually.  
 The EDBT Association has close relationships with other organizations in the database field, including ACM SIGMOD  , IEEE TC on Data Engineering  , VLDB Endowment  , and the ICDT Council  .  
   
 Conference Proceedings  
 In the beginning, the Conference Proceedings have been published by Springer-Verlag  as part of the LNCS  Series. We have also promoted a series of Summer Schools, started in 1991.  
 From 2008 to 2013, the Conference Proceedings have been published in the ACM Digital Library (part of the ACM International Conference Proceedings Series, AICPS); Open Access copies are located on this EDBT.org server in Germany.  
 In the year 2014, EDBT Proceedings moved to a new, fully Open Access publication platform they started in cooperation with the University of Konstanz Library: OpenProceedings.org  . From this publication site, copies of all papers can be freely (re-)distributed under a Creative Commons License.  
 All EDBT Proceedings are listed in the Computer Science Bibliography at dblp.org  .  

 Back to top    
   
 Organization of the EDBT Association   
 The EDBT Association invites as members the key officers of EDBT Conferences and Summer Schools, for a duration of 5 years.  
 The EDBT Association has an Executive Board (EB), elected by the members. The EB membership term is 4 years. The Association is represented by its President, who is elected by the EB.  
  
 The current Executive Board members are:  
 Angela Bonifati   Lyon 1 University, President   Vassilis Christophides   INRIA Paris  George Fletcher   Eindhoven University of Technology  Giovanna Guerrini   Università Degli Studi di Genova  Maurice van Keulen   Universiteit Twente, Enschede  Marc H. Scholl   Universität Konstanz  Genoveva Vargas-Solar   CNRS, Grenoble  Yannis Velegrakis   Utrecht University  Demetris Zeinalipour   University of Cyprus  Yongluan Zhou   University of Copenhagen  Dan Olteanu   Universität Zürich ( ICDT representative  )     

 Back to top    
   
 In Memoriam  
 2022  
 Joachim W. Schmidt  was a founding member of the EDBT Association and long term member of the Executive Board. He has always given valuable advice for further developping the format, the scientific quality, and the attractiveness of our Conferences and Summer Schools. For many of us, he has been a true friend. Joachim passed away in May 2022. We are missing him.  
 2019  
 Christine Collet  was a senior member of the EDBT community, a long term member of the Executive Board and past President of the EDBT Association. Christine carried out these roles with good humour and enthusiasm, while still making sure that things were done. Christine passed away in early 2019. We are missing her.  

 Back to top    
   
 New Publication Schedule of EDBT Conferences 2022 ff.    
 3 Submit/Review Cycles  
 Starting with the 2022 edition of the EDBT Conference, we switched to a model of multiple review cycles like many other major conferences in our field. In the future, there will be 3 cycles each year. For the 2022 transition period, only 2 of them could be implemented, also the working period of the 2022 PC was extended to also cover the first cycle of the 2023 conference. The 2023 PC will only handle the last two cycles of Volume 26. Accepted papers of early cycles will be published in early numbers of the Proceedings volume.  
 The following picture explains the future scheme for submission/review cycles and the publication of 3 numbers per volume of the EDBT Proceedings.  
    
 12 Month Resubmission Ban  
 EDBT, like other conferences in our field with multiple submit/review cycles, follows a "12 month resubmission ban" model for rejected and withdrawn papers in each of its track formats:  
 EDBT conferences typically have tracks with short and long paper formats. Resubmission of work is not allowed to any track of EDBT if the work - or any work with substantial overlap with the submitted paper and with the same or overlapping sets of authors - was previously rejected from a track of EDBT in the same paper format, within 12 months. A paper withdrawn by the authors after a revision decision will be considered as rejected and the 12-month resubmission ban applies to such papers as well.  

 Back to top    
   
 Test of Time Awards   
 In 2014, EDBT began to give a Test-of-time Award for the paper (or a small number of papers) that has had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice since it appeared in the proceedings of EDBT.  

 Eligible Conferences | Year | Winner 
 EDBT 2004 | 2014 | Charu C. Aggarwal, Philip S. Yu 
  A Condensation Approach to Privacy Preserving Data Mining 
 EDBT 1988 to 1994  
  (4 Conferences) | 2015 | Ralf Hartmut Güting 
  Geo-Relational Algebra: A Model and Query Language for Geometric Database Systems 
  EDBT 1988 
 EDBT 2006 | 2016 | Dr. Fusheng Wang, Shaorong Liu, Peiya Liu, Yijian Bai 
  Bridging Physical and Virtual Worlds: Complex Event Processing for RFID Data Streams 
  EDBT 2006 
 EDBT 1996 to 2002  
  (4 conferences) | 2017 | Ramakrishnan Srikant, Rakesh Agrawal 
  Mining Sequential Patterns: Generalizations and Performance Improvements 
  EDBT 1996 
 EDBT 2008 | 2018 | Koustuv Dasgupta, Rahul Singh, Balaji Viswanathan, Dipanjan Chakraborty, Sougata Mukherjea, Amit A. Nanavati, Anupam Josi 
  Social ties and their relevance to churn in mobile telecom networks 
  EDBT 2008 
 EDBT 2009 | 2019 | Ryan Johnson, Ippokratis Pandis, Nikos Hardavellas, Anastasia Ailamaki, Babak Falsafi 
  Shore-MT: a scalable storage manager for the multicore era 
  EDBT 2009 
 EDBT 2010 | 2020 | Foto Afrati and Jeff Ullman 
  Optimizing joins in a map-reduce environment 
  EDBT 2010 
 EDBT 2011 | 2021 | Zhixian Yan, Dipanjan Chakraborty, Christine Parent, Stefano Spaccapietra, and Karl Aberer 
  SeMiTri: a framework for semantic annotation of heterogeneous trajectories 
  EDBT 2011 
 EDBT 2012 | 2022 | Chi Zhang, Feifei Li, and Jeffrey Jestes 
  Efficient Parallel kNN Joins for Large Data in MapReduce 
  EDBT 2012 
 EDBT 2013 | 2023 | Mauricio A. Hernández, Ryan Wisnesky, Rajasekar Krishnamurthy, Georgia Koutrika, and Lucian Popa 
  HIL: A High-Level Scripting Language for Entity Integration 
  EDBT 2013 
 EDBT 2014 | 2024 | Renê R. Veloso, Loïc Cerf, Wagner Meira Jr, and Mohammed J. Zaki 
  Reachability Queries in Very Large Graphs: A Fast Refined Online Search Approach 
  EDBT 2014 
  
 Decision:  the PC chair appoints a small committee (3 persons max) for the selection of some papers candidates for the award. The EDBT executive board will make the final decision based on this list.  

 Back to top    
   
 Conferences  
  
 Year | Location | Online Proceedings | PC Chair | Invited Speakers 
 2026, March 24-27 | Tampere, Finland | tba | Wolfgang Lehner, Vanessa Braganholo | tba 
 2025, March 25-28 | Barcelona, Spain | tba | Alkis Simitsis, Bettina Kemme | tba 
 2024, March 25-28 | Paestum, Italy | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) | Qiong Luo, Letizia Tanca | Anastasia Ailamaki, Sihem Amer-Yahia, H.V. Jagadish, Georgia Koutrika, Sudeepa Roy 
 2023, March 28-31 | Ioannina, Greece | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) | Sourav S. Bhowmick, Katja Hose | Leonid Libkin, Jayant Haritsa, Juliana Freire, Gonzalo Navarro, Anil Goel 
 2022, March 29-April 01 | Edinburgh, UK | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) | Julia Stoyanovich, Jens Teubner | Peter Boncz, Seung-won Hwang, Marcelo Arenas, Hung Ngo, Moshe Y. Vardi, Nofar Carmeli 
 2021, March 23-26 | Nikosia, Cyprus | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Yannis Velegrakis | Katja Hose, Pablo Barceló, Felix Naumann, Julia Stoyanovich 
 2020, March 30-April 02 | Copenhagen, Denmark | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Angela Bonifati | Benny Kimelfeld, Ashwin Machanavajjhala, Juan Reutter, Neoklis (Alkis) Polyzotis 
 2019, March 26-29 | Lisbon, Portugal | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Melanie Herschel | Dan Olteanu, Ioana Manolescu, Lise Getoor, Wang-Chiew Tan 
 2018, March 26-29 | Vienna, Austria | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Michael Böhlen | Chris Jermaine, Virginia Vassilevska Williams, Ke Yi, Thomas Zeume 
 2017, March 21-24 | Venice, Italy | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Volker Markl | Carsten Lutz, Tova Milo, Christopher Ré, Shivakumar Vaithyanathan 
 2016, March 15-18 | Bordeaux, France | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Evaggelia Pitoura | Gustavo Alonso, Elisa Bertino, Floris Geerts, Yufei Tao 
 2015, March 23-27 | Brussels, Belgium | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  LIPIcs (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Gustavo Alonso | Graham Cormode, Christoph Koch, Rasmus Pagh, Wolfgang Lehner 
 2014, March 24-28 | Athens, Greece | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  OpenProceedings (ICDT) 
  CEUR-WS (Workshops) | Sihem Amer-Yahia | Frank Neven, Serge Abiteboul, Christopher Ré, Peter Boncz 
 2013, March 18-22 | Genova, Italy | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  OpenProceedings (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (EDBT) 
  ACM DL (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (Workshops) | Norman Paton | Daniel Abadi, Jan van den Bussche, C. Mohan, Luc Segoufin 
 2012, March 26-30 | Berlin, Germany | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  OpenProceedings (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (EDBT) 
  ACM DL (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (Workshops) | Elke Rundensteiner | Michael Carey, Wenfei Fan, Erich Graedel, Alon Halevy |  
 2011, March 21-25 | Uppsala, Sweden | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  OpenProceedings (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (EDBT) 
  ACM DL (ICDT) | Anastasia Ailamaki | Susan B. Davidson, Dan Suciu, Jeff Ullman, Gerhard Weikum 
 2010, March 22-26 | Lausanne, Switzerland | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  OpenProceedings (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (EDBT) 
  ACM DL (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (Workshops) | Ioana Manolescu | Amol Deshpande, Val Tannen, Pierre Fraigniaud, Ian Horrocks 
 2009, March 23-27 | St. Petersburg, Russia | OpenProceedings (EDBT) 
  OpenProceedings (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (EDBT) 
  ACM DL (ICDT) 
  ACM DL (Workshops) | Martin Kersten | Victor Vianu, Umeshwar Dayal, Georg Gottlob 
 2008, March 25-30 | Nantes, France | EDBT.org 
  ACM DL | Alfons Kemper | Eric Simon, Dennis Shasha, Donald Kossmann 
 2006, March 26-30 | Munich, Germany | Yannis Ioannidis | Martin Kersten, Alan Smeaton, David Maier 
 2004, March 14-18 | Crete, Greece | Elisa Bertino | Rick Hull, Keith G. Jeffery, Elena Ferrari & Bhavani M. Thuraisingham 
 2002, March 25-27 | Prague, Czech Republic | Christian S. Jensen | Hans-Jörg Schek, Ian Harrocks, Jari Ahola 
 2000, March 27-31 | Konstanz, Germany | Carlo Zaniolo | Ashish Gupta, Stefano Ceri, Andreas Reuter 
 1998, March 23-27 | Valencia, Spain | Hans-Jörg Schek | Gerhard Weikum 
 1996, March 25-29 | Avignon, France | Peter M.G. Apers | Jennifer Widom, Keith van Rijsbergen, Francois Bançilhon 
 1994, March 28-31 | Cambridge, UK | Matthias Jarke | Christopher M. Stone, Andrew Herbert 
 1992, March 23-27 | Vienna, Austria | Alain Pirotte | Francois Bançilhon, Raymond Reiter 
 1990, March 26-30 | Venice, Italy | Francois Bancilhon | Carlo Zaniolo 
 1988, March 14-18 | Venice, Italy | Joachim W. Schmidt | Luca Cardelli 
  
 Most links to older editions are courtesy of the DBLP Server  .  
  Since 2009, EDBT Conferences are held jointly with ICDT   

 Back to top    
   
 Summer Schools  
  
 Year | Location 
 2022 | Bordeaux (France) 
 2019 | Lyon (France) 
 2017 | Genova Nervi (Italy) 
 2015 | Mas Gorgoll, Palamos (Spain) 
 2013 | Center Paul-Langevin, Aussois (France) 
 2011 | Saint Petersburg (Russia) 
 2009 | Presqu'île de Giens (France) 
 2007 | Bozen-Bolzano, Italy 
 2004 | Sardinia, Italy 
 2002 | Cargèse, France 
 1999 | La Baule, France 
 1997 | Capri, Italy 
 1995 | Gubbio, Italy 
 1993 | Leysin, Switzerland 
 1991 | Alghero, Italy 

 Back to top    
   
 x   Statutes  
   
 STATUTES -- with changes as of 26 March 2006 included -- TITLE I - GENERAL DISPOSITIONS Article 1 An association is founded, which is denominated "ASSOCIATION EDBT". The association has its seat in ... [Text removed from original to preserve privacy. Webmaster edbt.org]. Article 2 The association is non-political and does not have any intended use of profit. It makes as its object to promote and favour in Europe the progress and study of the technology and applications concerning the databases. To this end the association will be able to: 1. contribute to the advanced vocational training by promoting training courses and advanced continuity studies of problems, innovations and/or developments in the databases; 2. favour the exchange of experiences, information and data between the specialists of the branch . no matter how they are linked to the databases; 3. promote and coordinate studies and research in the field of the databases either directly in co-operation with the associates or with similar European or international corporations and institutes; 4. spread the knowledge of modern technologies concerning the databases and known problems with their introduction and their application, also by granting scholarships to young researchers, students and scientists; 5. unfold other useful activities with attaining indicated purposes under the condition that they do not represent a commercial activity. Article 3 Always to reach the proper objective the association can promote the institution of a meeting having an international character that is called .International Convention Extending Data Base Technology.. But the association cannot charge itself with organising the convention, what must thus be carried out by natural persons or corporations, in comparison to whom/which the association will maintain the fullest independence. The association will instead occupy itself . also by means of the right own associates . with the obliged scientific aspects at the to-be-provided, to-be-required convention, also at the scientific directorate. Article 4 In order to carry out the appropriate purpose the association will take care of the initial assets made available by the founding members, and also of the voluntary contributions meanwhile effected by the other associates or other corporations interested in the activities of the association. Article 5 The organs of the association are: a) assembly of the associates; b) the Managing Board. TITLE II . THE ASSOCIATES Article 6 The natural persons of the association and the juridical persons, who due to their work activity or study are interested in the activities of the association itself, can participate. The admission to the association at the proposal of the Managing Board will be decided at the discretional procedure of the assembly of the associates. In particular those, who will have covered the positions of General Chairperson, Program Committee Chairperson, Organisation Committee Chairperson in the international convention EDBT, will be invited by the Managing Board to make available their experiences at the end of the meeting by becoming members of the association, if they should not yet have been such associates. Article 7 Associates can resign from the Association by written notice. The Managing Board can exclude associates upon repeated failure to attend the annual meeting or otherwise participate in the association's activities. Exclusion by such a decision needs to be brought to the associate's attention with appropriate notice in advance. Associates are responsible for keeping their contact information up-to-date. Associates who are not reachable due to failure of doing so are not counted on voting quotas and may be excluded from the association TITLE III . MEETING OF THE ASSOCIATES Article 8 The statutory/ordinary meeting of the associates convoked upon deliberate resolution of the Managing Board not less than twenty days before the date fixed for the session reconvenes in the locality to be indicated in the memorandum of convocation, at least once a year, to provide and to deliberate about the financial reporting, about the state of assets and all other arguments of general character entered to the order of the day by initiative of the Managing Board, otherwise upon request of at least five associates. The meeting will stipulate the criteria, to which the executive committee must adhere in promoting the scientific activity of the association and moreover the convention EDBT concerning art. 3. The date and agenda of the meeting are communicated to the associates by registered letter or whatever other means, which the Managing Board will deem to consider appropriate. Article 9 All associates are authorised to intervene in the meeting; each one of the associates will be able to represent one or more other associates provided he is furnished with regular instruction in writing. For the legal convocation of the meeting and for the validity of the resolutions the support operation of at least 50% of the registered associates is required. In lack of the legal number in the second convocation the meeting is valid with any number of associates being present or represented. The date of this session will be fixed in the same notification of convocation as of the first one. The Managing Board can admit the vote for concurrence on determined arguments to the order of the day and on the election of the corporate charges/positions. Two associates nominated by the chairman when opening the assembly will execute the recount of the cast ballots. Article 10 The meeting makes resolutions by a majority of votes of the associates present or represented by means of regular delegation in writing issued to the other associate. The vote for concurrence must arrive at least on the day before the meeting and will be contained in the count of the associates who are present at the end of the legal establishment of the meeting. Article 11 The assembly/meeting elects from the associates who are present a chairman and a secretary at the beginning of each session. The secretary provides to draw up the minutes of the resolutions of the assembly. The minutes must be signed by the chairman of the assembly, by the secretary and by the polling clerks, if here the voting is done. Article 12 Extraordinary and ordinary meetings can be convoked by deliberation of the Managing Board or upon demand of such associates who do represent not less than the tenth part of the inscribed ones. Article 13 The members assembled in the meeting can modify the present statute, but cannot modify the purposes of the association as fixed by the preceding articles 2 and 3. For the validity of the resolutions, as of the preceding passage . no matter whether in the first or second convocation . the presence of at least half of the associates and favourable vote of three fifths of the present, cast or represented votes is required. TITLE IV . THE MANAGING BOARD Article 14 The Managing Board is nominated by the meeting and is composed of not less than three members, the number of the members of the Managing Board will be determined by the assembly itself. For the first time the determination of the number of the members and their assignment will be effected in the constituting act. The Managing Board endures in office for four years. In case of dismissal of councillors before expiry of the mandate the Managing Board will provide for their substitution by co-option. The councillors so nominated remain in office until the successive orderly meeting. If for some reason the number of councillors is reduced to less than two thirds, the whole Managing Board must be renewed. The office of councillor is gratuitous. Article 15 The Managing Board is endowed with every power to decide on initiatives to be assumed and the criteria to be followed for the pursuit and attention of the purposes of the association and for its management and ordinary and extraordinary administration. In particular the board: a) fixes the directives for the execution of the statutory tasks, hence stabilises the terms and responsibilities of execution and verifies the execution itself; b) decides concerning the questions of assets; c) can stabilise the founding of the technical committees and commissions for the studying of various problems that are pertinent to the purposes of the association; d) decides on the activities and initiatives of the association and its collaboration with third persons at the norm of art. 2 and determines the amount of eventual contributions on deficit account to the organisers of the EDBT convention; e) approves the projects of the budget, financial plan and status of assets to be presented to the meeting of the associates. Article 16 The Managing Board nominates from among their members a chairman who stays in office for the whole period of the council. This meeting takes place whenever this is necessary, by initiative of the chairman or at least a quarter of the board members. Article 17 The resolutions of the Managing Board are taken by the majority of votes of the councillors who are present. In case of a parity of votes that of the chairman has prevalence. The decisions of the meeting are valid, if at least half of the councillors take part at the meeting. Article 18 The signature and legal representation of the association as against any judicial and administrative authority and as against third persons are conferred to the chairman of the Managing Board. By statute all powers necessary for the bank activities and financial activities of the association - as there exist at exemplified and not exhaustive title . are attributed to the chairman, the opening and closing of current bank accounts, stock deposit, the faculty of operating also through cheques on same accounts, effecting payments and drawings within the limits of the conceded entrusted documents, collection of sums of any title, issuance of receipts and actuating in general all that would be necessary for the economic and financial management of the association, nothing excluded nor excepted. The chairperson of the Managing Board can delegate parts of his or her responsibility to another member of the Managing Board. Article 18 a) Whenever these Statutes require "written" notice, e.g., for votes or other communication, reliable electronic communication (such as, for example, signed e-mail or secured, authenticated Web-site interaction) is explicitly included. TITLE V . FINAL PROVISIONS Article 19 All charges are gratuitous. Article 20 The duration of the association is an unlimited period of time. Article 21 In case of dissolution of the association after deduction of the charges for managing the association and the liabilities the residual assets will be appropriated in favour of cultural initiatives and research indicated by the Managing Board Article 22 The association can at any time request the acknowledgment only, if all lawful obligations are observed. Article 23 For all that has not been provided expressly, reference is made to the dispositions of the substantive law. JOACHIM WOLFGANG SCHMIDT MICHELE MISSIKOFF STEFANO MARIO SALVATORE CERI LIVIO COLIZZI NOTARY Official translation of the Italian original document. Webmaster edbt.org    
 Close    

 x   Imprint  
   
 Address:   
  Universität Konstanz  
  78457 Konstanz, Germany  
  Tel.: +49 (0)7531 / 88 - 0  
  Fax: +49 (0)7531 / 88 - 3688  
  Posteingang@uni-konstanz.de   
 Verantwortlich im Sinne der §§ 6 TDG, 10 MdStV:   
  As a content provider ("Inhaltsanbieter") according to § 8 Teledienstgesetz University of Konstanz is responsible for own contents ("eigene Informationen") hold ready for utilisation. Even though all contents are carefully reviewed and constantly updated no guarantee can be provided for completeness, accuracy and ultimate up-to-dateness. University of Konstanz is therefore not liable for damages in connection with the usage of these contents. Cross-references ("links") to contents of other providers have to become differentiated from own contents ("eigene Inhalte"). Even if University of Konstanz should arrange through this access for the usage of these contents according to § 9 Tele-dienstgesetz, no responsibility will be taken for this external content ( "fremden Inhalt"). Links are references to dynamic internet appearances of third parties. University of Konstanz has reviewed the content in respect to liabilities according to civil and criminal law at the first time link-up. However University of Konstanz is not obliged to constantly review these in respect to changes which could cause a new liability. In case University of Konstanz should notice that a specific offer to which a link was provided will cause a liability according to civil oder criminal law the link will become canceled.  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2014  
   
 Starting in 2014, EDBT gives a Test-of-time Award for the paper (or a small number of papers) that has had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice since it appeared in the proceedings of EDBT.  
 The EDBT ToT award for 2014 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2014 Joint Conference, March 24-27, 2014 in Athens, Greece ( http://www.edbticdt2014.gr/  ).  
 The EDBT 2014 Test of Time Award committee was formed by Gustavo Alonso, Torsten Grust and Walid Aref, all members of the EDBT 2014 PC and chaired by Sihem Amer-Yahia, the EDBT 2014 PC chair. The committee was charged with selecting a paper or a small number of papers from the EDBT 2004 proceedings that has had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past decade. After careful consideration, the committee has decided to select the following paper as the EDBT ToT Award winner for 2014:  
 Charu C. Aggarwal, Philip S. Yu   
  A Condensation Approach to Privacy Preserving Data Mining   
  EDBT 2004, pp. 183-199 ( electronic edition  )   
 The paper addresses the topic of privacy-preserving data mining and proposes a framework for anonymization in contrast to perturbation approaches that introduce noise. The approach advocated in this paper takes into consideration the correlated nature of multi-dimensional data and also that is not problem-specific, i.e., the framework is generic and many mining operations can be formulated and solved given the same framework.  
 The paper is seminal and covers a topic which has not lost relevance today. It constitutes a prime example of how far a simple idea (in this case condensation: reduce a group of records to a number of carefully selected statistical properties of that group) can carry a whole line of original research. Condensation comes with a naturally built-in "privacy dial" (namely the group size) and is practical (easily implemented, maintainable under updates). It established general techniques that have been taken up by many people in the area and outside the area. The results in this paper can be (and have been) generalized in many ways as they tackled a more general problem of grouping, aggregation, and sampling.  
 According to Google Scholar, the paper has been constantly cited in the period from 2005 until today (2013) with a remarkable peak in 2008 when privacy-preserving data mining and database security in general became research topics of core interest. Since 2009 until today, the number of citations has only gone up. Papers citing this paper are also highly cited, indicating the relevance of the contribution.  
 A number of follow-up papers  by the same authors, quite clearly demonstrate that the proposed condensation approach has interesting aspects:  
  
 2005 | Proc. of the 5th SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, "On variable constraints in privacy preserving data mining" 
 2008 | Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery 16 (3), "A framework for condensation-based anonymization of string data" 
 2008 | ACM Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) 33 (1), 2, "On static and dynamic methods for condensation-based privacy-preserving data mining" 
 2008 | Handbook of Database Security, "Privacy-Preserving Data Mining: A Survey"  . Springer book "Privacy-Preserving Data Mining", edited by Aggarwal and Yu. 
  
 Work on condensation-based privacy in data mining also had an impact on industry and industrial practice  . At least the following US patents (or patent applications) are based on the idea of condensation:  
 US Patent 8,010,541: | "Systems and methods for condensation-based privacy in strings" 
  US Patent 7,885,941: | "Methods and apparatus for privacy preserving data mining using statistical condensing approach" 
  US Patent 7,904,471: | "Method, apparatus and computer program product for preserving privacy in data mining" 
  US Patent App. 12/119,766 | "Method and Apparatus for Variable Privacy Preservation in Data Mining" 
  US Patent 7,305,378 | "System and method for distributed privacy preserving data mining" 
  US Patent 7,302,420 | "Methods and apparatus for privacy preserving data mining using statistical condensing approach" 
  US Patent App. 11/249,647 | "Method and apparatus for variable privacy preservation in data mining" 
    
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2015  
   
 In 2014, EDBT began awarding the EDBT test-of-time (ToT) award, with the goal of recognizing one paper, or a small number of papers presented at EDBT earlier and that have best met the “test of time”, i.e. that has had the most impact in terms of research, methodology conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past decade(s).  
 The EDBT ToT award for 2015 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2015 Joint Conference, March 23-27, in Brussels, Belgium ( http://www.edbticdt2015.be/  ).  
 The EDBT 2015 Test of Time Award committee was formed by Martin Kersten (CWI, The Netherlands), Guido Moerkotte (Uni Mannheim, Germany), Christoph Koch (EPFL, Switzerland), all members of the EDBT 2015 PC and chaired by Gustavo Alonso, the EDBT 2015 PC chair.  
 The committee was charged with selecting a paper or a small number of papers from the proceedings of the following 4 editions: EDBT’88 - Venice, EDBT’90 - Venice, EDBT’92 - Vienna, EDBT’94 - Cambridge. After careful consideration, the committee has decided to select the following paper, as the EDBT ToT Award winner for 2015:  
 Ralf Hartmut Güting   
  Geo-Relational Algebra: A Model and Query Language for Geometric Database Systems   
  EDBT 1988, pp. 506-527 ( electronic edition  )   
 The paper addresses the user’s conceptual model of a database system for geometric data. It proposes to extend relational database management systems by integrating geometry at all levels: At the conceptual level, relational algebra is extended to include geometric data types and operators. At the implementation level, the wealth of algorithms and data structures for geometric problems developed in the past decade in the field of Computational Geometry is exploited. The paper starts from a view of relational algebra as a many-sorted algebra which allows to easily embed geometric data types and operators. A concrete algebra for two-dimensional applications is developed. It can be used as a highly expressive retrieval and data manipulation language for geometric as well as standard data. Also, geo-relational database systems and their implementation strategy are discussed.  
 The committee members unanimously agreed that this paper clearly stands out in terms of relevance, impact, and influence in databases. Of all the papers considered, this is the one that had had the most and longest lasting impact with results that are still relevant today and whose influence can be traced to many real systems and a significant amount of follow up work.  
 The paper pioneered an important application area well before it became mainstream and did it in a systematic and clean way that has been very influential in both research and practice. Modern commercial systems all support geographic data types that are nowadays used in a wide range of applications and use cases (maps locations based services, geographic information systems, mobility etc.).  
 The selection committee also appreciated very much the cleanliness completeness, insights, formalism, and systematic treatment of the problem as well as the approach followed by the author in selecting and solving a research problem.  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2016  
   
 In 2014, EDBT began awarding the EDBT test-of-time (ToT) award, with the goal of recognizing one paper, or a small number of papers presented at EDBT earlier and that have best met the “test of time”, i.e. that has had the most impact in terms of research, methodology conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past decade(s).  
 The EDBT ToT award for 2016 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2016 Joint Conference, March 15-18, 2016 - Bordeaux, France ( http://edbticdt2016.labri.fr/  ).  
 The EDBT 2016 Test of Time Award committee was formed by Sihem Amer-Yahia, CNRS, Laboratoire d"Informatique de Grenoble, France, Yannis Ioannidis, University of Athens, Greece, and Christian S. Jensen, Aalborg University, Denmark all PC chairs of former EDBT conferences including EDBT 2006.  
 The committee was asked to select a paper or a small number of papers from the EDBT 2006 proceedings that has had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past decade. After thorough consideration, the committee came up with some recommendation.  
 After careful consideration, the committee and the EDBT executive board have decided to select the following paper as the EDBT ToT Award winner for 2016:  
 Dr. Fusheng Wang, Shaorong Liu, Peiya Liu, Yijian Bai   
  Bridging Physical and Virtual Worlds: Complex Event Processing for RFID Data Streams   
  EDBT 2006, pp. 588-607 ( electronic edition  )   
 The paper proposes an event-oriented approach to the processing of RFID data which makes it possible to automate the translation of RFID based application semantics through complex event detection. In particular, it demonstrates the ability to process complex events by capturing temporal constraints in an algebra. The resulting declarative event-based approach is shown to simplify RFID data processing and is shown to be scalable. The paper pioneers declarative event-based RFID processing. The simplicity and expressiveness of the proposed framework are admirable. For example, the framework makes it possible to express object tracking on historical data as well as to formulate real-time monitoring.  
 The committee and the EDBT executive board find that this paper stands out in terms of relevance, impact, and influence in databases. It has had substantial impact. In particular, it has impacted real systems, and the engine it proposes has been integrated into Siemens RFID Middleware. It is also the most cited EDBT 2006 paper, has spurred a significant amount of follow-up work, and remains relevant today.  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2017  
   
 In 2014, the Extended Database Technology conference (EDBT) began awarding the EDBT test-of-time (ToT) award, with the goal of recognising papers presented at EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice.  
 This year, covering the conferences from 1996 to 2002, the award has been given to:  
  
 Ramakrishnan Srikant, Rakesh Agrawal   
  Mining Sequential Patterns: Generalizations and Performance Improvements   
  EDBT 1996, pp. 3-17 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 This paper has made substantial contributions to data mining, and has had great influence on the work of others, as reflected by over 2900 citations on Google Scholar.  
 The paper formalizes a new variant of the problem of mining sequential  patterns and develops and implements GSP, an algorithm to solve this problem. This paper extends the definition of sequence mining that was introduced by the same authors in a previous publication: Mining Sequential Patterns. ICDE 1995. The goal is to discover all sequential patterns with a user-specified minimum support from a database of sequences, where each sequence is a list of transactions ordered by transaction-time, and each transaction is a set of items. The proposed extensions are:  
 Time constraints: the authors generalised their previous definition of sequential patterns to admit max-gap and min-gap time constraints between adjacent elements of a sequential pattern. 
  Sliding windows: the authors relaxed the restriction that all the items in an element of a sequential pattern must come from the same transaction, and allowed a user-specified window-size within which the items can be present. 
  Taxonomies: the sequential patterns may include items across different levels of a taxonomy. 
  GSP guarantees that all rules that have a user-specified minimum support. It is shown to be much faster than the AprioriAll algorithm in the previous publication (on both synthetic and real data). GSP has been implemented as part of the Quest data mining prototype at IBM Research, and is incorporated in the IBM data mining product.  
 The EDBT 2017 Test of Time Award Committee consisted of Peter Triantafillou, Gustavo Alonso, Sihem Amer-Yahia, Ralf Hartmut Güting and Volker Markl.  
 The EDBT ToT award for 2017 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2017 Joint Conference, March 21-24, in Venice, Italy ( http://edbticdt2017.unive.it/  ).  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2018  
   
 Since 2014, the Extended Database Technology (EDBT) Conference awards the EDBT test-of-time award, with the goal of recognizing papers presented at EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice.  
 This year the award has been given to a paper from the EDBT 2008 Conference in Nantes, France. The award was bestowed upon the paper:  
  
 Koustuv Dasgupta, Rahul Singh, Balaji Viswanathan, Dipanjan Chakraborty, Sougata Mukherjea, Amit A. Nanavati, Anupam Josi   
  Social ties and their relevance to churn in mobile telecom networks   
  EDBT 2008, pp. 668-677 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 This industry track paper reports on an analysis of mobile telecoms data, with a view to predicting which customers will leave. The analysis involves commercial mobile telephony data, in which nodes are customers and edges represent calls. The hypothesis tested is that it is possible to predict who will leave a network based on earlier departures among their connections. The main technique investigated is the use of spreading activation, to predict the heat of nodes based on the heat of connected notes. It is shown how the approach based on connections is more effective than classification techniques based on other properties of the nodes. As a result, the paper provides early and compelling experience on the combination an important real problem (churn in mobile telecom networks) with a powerful technique (social ties) and applies it on large real data (telecom operator network over 4 months). The approach has influenced many subsequent studies, for the same problem, but also for analyses involving different types of network and different hypotheses. Social network analysis continues as an important and active area ten years later, and this paper continues to be widely cited.  
 The EDBT 2018 Test-of-Time Award Committee consisted of Michael Böhlen, Divesh Srivastava and Norman Paton.  
 The EDBT Test-of-Time award for 2018 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2018 Conference, March 26-29, in Vienna, Austria ( http://edbticdt2018.at  ).  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2019  
   
 Established in 2014, the Test-of-Time Award awarded by the Extended Database Technology (EDBT) Confer- ence recognizes papers presented at EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past ten years.  
 The 2019 Test-of-Time Award committee was formed by Laura Haas (University of Massachusetts, USA), Alon Halevy, and Melanie Herschel, the EDBT 2019 PC chair. The committee was charged with selecting a paper from the EDBT 2009 Proceedings.  
 After careful consideration, the Test-of-Time Award committee decided for the following paper from the 2009 EDBT Conference held in Saint Petersburg, Russia to receive the award:  
  
 Ryan Johnson, Ippokratis Pandis, Nikos Hardavellas, Anastasia Ailamaki, Babak Falsafi   
  Shore-MT: a scalable storage manager for the multicore era   
  EDBT 2009, pp. 24–35 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 The committee members agreed that this paper clearly stands out in terms of methodology, impact, and influ- ence. It has catalyzed and enabled substantial follow-up research and has demonstrated its high relevance to industry.  
 Abstract:   
  Historically, database engines focused on the ability to efficiently overlap many requests over a small number processor cores, with I/O latencies and scalability as the main design driver. However, the advent of increas- ingly multicore hardware circa 2000 brought new challenges because concurrent transactions begin to stress the limits of the storage manager’s thread scalability by accessing its internal structures simultaneously and in large numbers. This EDBT 2009 paper shows the results of experiments running benchmarks on four (then and still) popular open-source storage managers (Shore, BerkeleyDB, MySQL, and PostgreSQL) on a multi- core machine. The results show that all systems suffer from scalability bottlenecks at the storage engine level. From that research emerged Shore-MT, an open-source multithreaded and highly scalable storage manager, built with Shore as a base. We learned that designers should favor scalability over single-thread performance, and we identified several other key principles for architecting scalable storage engines.  
 Ten years later, Shore-MT work has concluded, although the system still serves as a research platform in the space. Meanwhile, research on transaction processing scalability continues to mature, the move to main- memory transaction processing and their higher TPS increased the need for scalable storage managers, while the popular open-source systems, such as MySQL and PostgreSQL, significantly improved their scalability. In particular, a significant amount of research and industrial developments in the ten years since the Shore-MT paper focused on improving the scalability of individual components of a storage manager, such as latches, the logging subsystem and access methods. This research was partly carried out by our research group as follow- on work, but other research groups and database vendors have made important contributions as well. Another significant amount of effort has focused on scalable concurrency control protocols, again both within and outside our research group. The knowledge that we have gained from building Shore-MT has been invaluable in maintaining scalability in this new, multi-dimensional ecosystem.  
 The EDBT Test-of-Time award for 2019 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2019 Conference ( http://edbticdt2019.inesc-id.pt/  ) as part of the Awards session on Wednesday, March 27, 2019, by Anastasia Ailamaki (EPFL, Switzerland).  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2020  
   
 Established in 2014, the Test-of-Time Award awarded by the Extended Database Technology (EDBT) Confer- ence recognizes papers presented at EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past ten years.  
 The 2020 Test-of-Time Award committee was formed by Anastasia Ailamaki (Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Switzerland), Tamer Oszu (University of Waterloo, Canada), and Angela Bonifati (Lyon 1 University, France), the EDBT 2020 PC chair. The committee was charged with selecting a paper from the EDBT 2010 Proceedings.  
 After careful consideration, the Test-of-Time Award committee decided for the following paper from the 2010 EDBT Conference held in Lausanne, Switzerland to receive the award:  
  
 Foto Afrati and Jeff Ullman   
  Optimizing joins in a map-reduce environment   
  EDBT 2010, pp. 99-110 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 Abstract:   
  Implementations of map-reduce are being used to perform many operations on very large data. We examine strategies for joining several relations in the map-reduce environment. Our new approach begins by identifying the "map-key," the set of attributes that identify the Reduce process to which a Map process must send a particular tuple. Each attribute of the map-key gets a "share," which is the number of buckets into which its values are hashed, to form a component of the identifier of a Reduce process. Relations have their tuples replicated in limited fashion, the degree of replication depending on the shares for those map-key attributes that are missing from their schema. We study the problem of optimizing the shares, given a fixed number of Reduce processes. An algorithm for detecting and fixing problems where an attribute is "mistakenly" included in the map-key is given. Then, we consider two important special cases: chain joins and star joins. In each case we are able to determine the map-key and determine the shares that yield the least replication. While the method we propose is not always superior to the conventional way of using map-reduce to implement joins, there are some important cases involving large-scale data where our method wins, including: (1) analytic queries in which a very large fact table is joined with smaller dimension tables, and (2) queries involving paths through graphs with high out-degree, such as the Web or a social network.  
 This paper presented optimization strategies for executing multi-way joins in a map-reduce environment. It focused on large-scale data and provided algorithms to choose the number of map-keys and shares in order to minimize the communication cost among the map and reduce processes. The committee members agreed that this paper clearly pioneered the field of join processing in map-reduce environments. It has triggered substantial follow-up research and impact on big data processing in parallel and distributed architectures.  
 The EDBT Test-of-Time award for 2020 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2020 Conference ( https://diku-dk.github.io/edbticdt2020/  ) as part of the Awards session on Tuesdays, March 31, 2020.  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2021  
   
 Established in 2014, the Test-of-Time Award of the Extended Database Technology (EDBT) Conference recognizes papers presented at the EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past ten years.  
 The EDBT 2021 Test of Time Award committee was formed by Barbara Catania, University of Genova, Italy, Gautam Das, University of Texas at Arlington, USA, Beng Chin OOI, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Themis Palpanas, University of Paris, France, and Yufei Tao, Chinese University of Hong Kong, China.  
 The 2021 Test-of-Time Award committee looked and evaluated the impact of the papers in the EDBT 2011 proceedings, and selected:  
  
 Zhixian Yan, Dipanjan Chakraborty, Christine Parent, Stefano Spaccapietra, and Karl Aberer   
  SeMiTri: a framework for semantic annotation of heterogeneous trajectories   
  EDBT 2011, pp. 259-270 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 because it is one of the earliest papers to propose a general method for enriching moving object trajectories with semantics useful for supporting location-based services, which have been and still are in high demand across several application sectors. Since its publication, SeMiTri has generated significant interest, and follow-up work on semantic processing of mobile data and trajectories.  
 Abstract:   
  GPS devices allow recording the movement track of the moving object they are attached to. This data typically consists of a stream of spatio-temporal (x,y,t) points. For application purposes the stream is transformed into finite subsequences called trajectories. Existing knowledge extraction algorithms defined for trajectories mainly assume a specific context (e.g. vehicle movements) or analyze specific parts of a trajectory (e.g. stops), in association with data from chosen geographic sources (e.g. points-of-interest, road networks). We investigate a more comprehensive semantic annotation framework that allows enriching trajectories with any kind of semantic data provided by multiple 3rd party sources.  
  This paper presents SeMiTri - the framework that enables annotating trajectories for any kind of moving objects. Doing so, the application can benefit from a "semantic trajectory" representation of the physical movement. The framework and its algorithms have been designed to work on trajectories with varying data quality and different structures, with the objective of covering abstraction requirements of a wide range of applications. Performance of SeMiTri has been evaluated using many GPS datasets from multiple sources - including both fast moving objects (e.g. cars, trucks) and people's trajectories (e.g. with smartphones). These two kinds of experiments are reported in this paper.  
 The EDBT Test-of-Time award for 2021 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2021 Conference ( https://edbticdt2021.cs.ucy.ac.cy/  ) in Nicosia, Cyprus, as part of the Awards session on March 24, 2021.  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2022  
   
 Established in 2014, the Test-of-Time Award of the Extended Database Technology (EDBT) Conference recognizes papers presented at the EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past ten years.  
  
 The 2022 Test-of-Time Award committee looked and evaluated the impact of the papers in the EDBT 2012 proceedings, and selected:  
  
 Chi Zhang, Feifei Li, Jeffrey Jestes   
  Efficient parallel kNN joins for large data in MapReduce   
  EDBT 2012, pp. 38-49 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 The EDBT 2022 Test of Time Award committee was formed by Bill Howe, University of Washington, USA Julia Stoyanovich, New York University, USA Jens Teubner, TU Dortmund, Germany Xiaofang Zhou, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong.  
 Abstract:   
  In data mining applications and spatial and multimedia databases, a useful tool is the kNN join, which is to produce the k nearest neighbors (NN), from a dataset S, of every point in a dataset R. Since it involves both the join and the NN search, performing kNN joins efficiently is a challenging task. Meanwhile, applications continue to witness a quick (exponential in some cases) increase in the amount of data to be processed. A popular model nowadays for large-scale data processing is the shared-nothing cluster on a number of commodity machines using MapReduce [6]. Hence, how to execute kNN joins efficiently on large data that are stored in a MapReduce cluster is an intriguing problem that meets many practical needs. This work proposes novel (exact and approximate) algorithms in MapReduce to perform efficient parallel kNN joins on large data. We demonstrate our ideas using Hadoop. Extensive experiments in large real and syn- thetic datasets, with tens or hundreds of millions of records in both R and S and up to 30 dimensions, have demonstrated the efficiency, effectiveness, and scalability of our methods.  
 The EDBT Test-of-Time award for 2022 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2022 Conference ( https://conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk/edbticdt2022/  ) in Edinburg, UK, as part of the Awards session on March 31, 2022.  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2023  
   
 Established in 2014, the Test-of-Time Award of the Extended Database Technology (EDBT) Conference recognizes papers presented at the EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past ten years.  
  
 The 2023 Test-of-Time Award committee looked and evaluated the impact of the papers in the EDBT 2013 proceedings, and selected:  
  
 Mauricio A. Hernández, Ryan Wisnesky, Rajasekar Krishnamurthy, Georgia Koutrika, and Lucian Popa   
  HIL: A High-Level Scripting Language for Entity Integration   
  EDBT 2013, pp. 549-560 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 The EDBT 2023 Test of Time Award committee was formed by Sihem Amer-Yahia Alon Halevy Divesh Srivastava.  
 Abstract:   
  We introduce HIL, a high-level scripting language for entity resolution and integration. HIL aims at providing the core logic for complex data processing flows that aggregate facts from large collections of structured or unstructured data into clean, unified entities. Such flows typically include many stages of processing that start from the outcome of information extraction and continue with entity resolution, mapping and fusion. A HIL program captures the overall integration flow through a combination of SQL-like rules that link, map, fuse and aggregate entities. A salient feature of HIL is the use of logical indexes in its data model to facilitate the modular construction and aggregation of complex entities. Another feature is the presence of a flexible, open type system that allows HIL to handle input data that is irregular, sparse or partially known. As a result, HIL can accurately express complex integration tasks while still being high-level and focused on the logical entities (rather than the physical operations). Compilation algorithms translate the HIL specification into efficient run-time queries that can execute in parallel on Hadoop. We show how our framework is applied to real-world integration of entities in the financial domain, based on public filings archived by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Furthermore, we apply HIL on a larger-scale scenario that performs fusion of data from hundreds of millions of Twitter messages into tens of millions of structured entities  
 The EDBT Test-of-Time award for 2023 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2023 Conference ( http://edbticdt2023.cs.uoi.gr/  ) in Ioannina, Greece, as part of the Awards session on March 30, 2023.  
   
 Close    

 x   Test of Time Award 2024  
   
 Established in 2014, the Test-of-Time Award of the Extended Database Technology (EDBT) Conference recognizes papers presented at the EDBT Conferences that have had the most impact in terms of research, methodology, conceptual contribution, or transfer to practice over the past ten years.  
  
 The 2024 Test-of-Time Award committee looked and evaluated the impact of the papers in the EDBT 2014 proceedings, and selected:  
  
 Renê R. Veloso, Loïc Cerf, Wagner Meira Jr, and Mohammed J. Zaki   
  Reachability Queries in Very Large Graphs: A Fast Refined Online Search Approach   
  EDBT 2014, pp. 511-522 ( electronic edition  )   
  
 The EDBT 2024 Test of Time Award committee was formed by Minos Garofalakis Davide Martinenghi Baihua Zheng.  
 Abstract:   
  A key problem in many graph-based applications is the need to know, given a directed graph G and two vertices u, v ∈ G whether there is a path between u and v, i. e., if u reaches v. This problem is particularly challenging in the case of very large real-world graphs. A common approach is the pre- processing of the graphs, in order to produce an efficient index structure, which allows fast access to the reachability information of the vertices. However, the majority of existing methods can not handle very large graphs. We propose in this paper, a novel indexing method called FELINE (Fast rEfined onLINE search), which is inspired by Dominance Graph Drawing. FELINE creates an index from the graph representation in a two-dimensional plane, which provides reachability information in constant time for a significant portion of queries. Experiments demonstrate the efficiency of FELINE compared to state-of-the-art approaches  
 The EDBT Test-of-Time award for 2024 will be presented during the EDBT/ICDT 2024 Conference ( https://dastlab.github.io/edbticdt2024/  ) in Paestum, Italy, as part of the Awards session on March 27, 2024.  
   
 Close    

  Built with  , BaseX  and Bootstrap  on 2024-05-12T12:11:36.019+02:00 · Imprint  · DBIS, University of Konstanz