cui yuan's Blog    

          Follow    

 cui yuan's Blog    
   
    Follow    

 EDBT/ICDT 2023 ended successfully!  

 cui yuan     
 ·  Apr 14, 2023   ·    2 min read   

 From March 28th to March 31st, the EDBT/ICDT 2023 Joint Conference was successfully held in Ioannina, Greece! EDBT (International Conference on Extending Database Technology) and ICDT (International Conference on Database Theory) are important international conferences in the database field. EDBT is an academic conference for exchanging the latest research results in data management. ICDT is a series of international conferences for basic and theoretical research in data management. .  
 The conference invited many internationally renowned experts from the academic and research fields, covering invited talks (Invited Talk), paper reports (Paper Presentations), seminars (Workshops), system demonstrations (Demonstrations) and multiple awards (Best Dissertation Award, Student Participation Award, Best Demonstration Award, etc.) The conference provides opportunities for database researchers, practitioners, developers and users to explore new ideas, techniques, exchange experiences and present research results.  
   
 As Huawei's platinum sponsor of this conference, Pan Qiuling, director of the Academic System Department, shared the theme of "Insights into Huawei's Research" at the conference, introducing Huawei's research investment and planning in the fields of computer, communication and basic disciplines, and Huawei's relationship with academics. in-depth cooperation. Wang Jiannan, a database warehouse scientist, introduced the overall planning, key products and key technologies of Huawei's database field. Huang Kaiyao, chief architect of the openGauss open source database, introduced the planning, development and key technologies of openGauss. At the same time, Huawei database experts and scholars in the database field conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges on the development trend of the database industry and technology. For more details, please log on to the official website of the conference: http://edbticdt2023.cs.uoi.gr/   

 opengauss     

 Share this