20th European Dependable Computing Conference  
  8-11 April 2025   
  Lisbon, Portugal   
   
 Home >   
     
 Technical information   
  Important Dates >   
  Call For Papers >   
  Workshops >   
  Call for Posters >   
  Student Forum >   
  Fast Abstracts >   
  Keynotes >   
  Technical Program >   
  Info for Presenters >   
     
 General Information   
  Venue and Travel >   
  Social Programme >   
  Local Information >   
  Registration >   
  Accommodation >   
  Committees >   
  Past Editions >   
  Call For Sponsorships >   
  Sponsors >   
  Diversity-Equity Conduct >   

 Welcome to EDCC 2025!  
 Overview  
  The European Dependable Computing Conference is a leading venue for presenting and discussing the latest research, industrial practice and innovations in dependable and secure computing with a long tradition started in 1994 and reaching the 20 th  edition.  
 Lisbon, the vibrant capital of Portugal, is a city that effortlessly blends history, culture and modernity. Situated in coast of Portugal, where the Tagus river meets the Atlantic Ocean, it boasts a rich cultural heritage, from the medieval quarters to the iconic landmarks like the Castle of St. George and the Tower of Belém.  
   
 Latest news from EDCC    

  Lisbon is the home of the University of Lisbon (ULisboa), the largest and most prestigious university in Portugal and is one of Europe’s leading universities. Since its begin, ULisboa had a turbulent beginnings. In the words of A. Moreira Sá: "The Portuguese University was founded by King Dinis on March 1, 1290, and was transferred to Coimbra in 1308; thirty years later it was transferred back to Lisbon and then, in 1354, it was moved once again to Coimbra. However King Fernando ordered, on June 3, 1377, its transferal back to Lisbon, where it stayed for 160 years without interruption - more precisely during the Discoveries, a period which greatly benefitted from the contributions of several of its students and teachers (among many others, the sailor Gil Eanes and two key scientific figures: Pedro Nunes and Garcia de Orta)."  
 With more seven centuries, ULisboa brings together various areas of knowledge and has a privileged position for facilitating the contemporary evolution of science, technology, arts and humanities. The quality of teaching, research innovation and culture of ULisboa is attracting an ever increasing amount of talent from around the world.  
 We will host you in the Faculty of Sciences of the University of Lisbon (FCUL), an integral and founding unit of ULisboa, created by Decree in 1911, which takes on the historical, cultural and scientific heritage of its ancestors: Noviciado da Cotovia (1619-1759), Real Colégio dos Nobres (1761-1837), and Escola Politécnica (1837-1911).  
 The FCUL’s motto is What we do not know today, we will know tomorrow (Garcia de Orta, 1563).   
 FCUL integrates the Department of Informatics and LASIGE research unit, characterized by the excellence of its research international visibility, and close connection to society. LASIGE performs cutting-edge investigation in seven Research Lines of Excellence related to Computer Science. The Dependable and Secure Decentralised Systems and Cyber-Physical Systems research lines play an essential role in the generation of new knowledge in data privacy security for software systems, network and distributed systems.  
 Please mark your calendars and don’t hesitate to contact us at ivmedeiros@fc.ul.pt  !  
 Ibéria Medeiros, general chair EDCC2025  
  Supporters:  
  
 This project was supported by Fundação para a Ciências e a Tecnologia (FCT) under LASIGE Strategic Project UIDB/00308/2020 and UIDP/00408/2022. |