European – Japanese Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases  

 Search   Search     

 Home 
  Author’s instructions 
  Organization 
  Conferences – history 

 Home  
 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION MODELLING AND KNOWLEDGE BASES  
  EJC   
  EJC 2024: Final (IOS Press) book publishing process is going on.  
 IOS Press version of Papers, submission: September 10th, 2024   
 To prepare the final version of the papers, please check the following details  :  
 Formatting of the paper follows the instructions. 
  No page numbers in the paper. 
  No page headers / footers in the paper. 
  Check the image quality and readability. 
  No tables overfloating page changes 
  No white space at the page ends. 
  References in the text and in the list of references match each other. 
  In the case the paper does not fill the requirements, extra iterations are needed. If finally the paper is not ready for publishing. the editing committee has right to withdraw the paper from the final journal print.  
 All papers must be resubmitted  to the paper management system ( see Author’s Instruction Section  ).  
 Submission details and paper submission  : http://ejc.komazawa-u.ac.jp/ejc2024review/   
  
  EJC 2025  
   35th International Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases EJC 2025  
 https://ejc2025.vsb.cz/   
 Ostrava, Czech Republic, June 9 – June 13, 2025   
 Important dates:   
 Submission Deadline: | January 17th, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance: | March | 30th, 2025 
  Final paper for inclusion in the conference proceedings: | April | 25th, 2025 
  IOS Press version of Papers: | September 10th, 2025 
  Call for Papers  : https://ejc2025.vsb.cz/index.html   
  About the Conference  
 Motivation   
 Information modelling is becoming increasingly important for researchers, designers, and users of information systems with artificial intelligence. The amount and complexity of information, the number of abstraction levels, and the size of databases and knowledge bases are continuously growing. Conceptual modelling is one of the sub-areas of information modelling and AI modelling. The aim of this conference is to bring together experts from different areas of computer science, AI and other disciplines who have a common interest in understanding and solving problems on information modelling and knowledge bases, as well as applying the results of research to practice. We also aim to recognize and study new areas of Information modelling, knowledge bases and AI to which more attention should be paid. Philosophy and logic, cognitive science, knowledge management, linguistics and cyber-physical modelling are relevant areas, too. The conference will have three categories of presentations, i.e. full papers, short papers and position papers.  
 Background   
 The series of European – Japanese Conferences on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases (EJC) originally started as a cooperation initiative between Japan and Finland in 1988 as a continuum to the series of Scandinavian conferences since 1982. The practical operations were then organized by professor Ohsuga in Japan and professors Hannu and Hannu Jaakkola in Finland. The geographical scope was expanded to cover first Europe and further other countries.  
 Working principles   
 Facilitates discussion, allows enough presentation time, and limits the number of participants (50) and papers (30).  
 Suggested topics include, but are not limited to:  
 1. Conceptual modelling:  Modelling and specification languages; Domain-specific conceptual modelling; Concepts, concept theories and ontologies; Conceptual modelling of large and heterogeneous systems; Conceptual modelling of spatial, temporal and semantic data; Methods for developing, validating and communicating conceptual models.  
 2. Knowledge and information modelling and discovery:  Knowledge discovery, knowledge representation and knowledge management; Advanced data mining and analysis methods; Conceptions of knowledge and information; Modelling information requirements; Intelligent information systems; Information recognition and information modelling.  
 3. Linguistic modelling:  Models of HCI; Information delivery to users; Intelligent informal querying; Linguistic foundation of information and knowledge; Fuzzy linguistic models; Philosophical and linguistic foundations of conceptual models.  
 4. Cross-cultural communication and social computing:  Cross-cultural support systems; Integration, evolution and migration of systems; Collaborative societies; Multicultural web-based software systems; Intercultural collaboration and support systems; Social computing, behavior l modelling and prediction.  
 5. Environmental modelling and engineering:  Environmental information systems (architecture); Spatial, temporal and observational information systems; Large-scale environmental systems; Collaborative knowledge base systems; Agent concepts and conceptualization; Hazard prediction, prevention and steering systems.  
 6. Multimedia data modelling and systems:  Modelling multimedia information and knowledge; Content-based multimedia data management; Content-based multimedia retrieval; Privacy and context enhancing technologies; Semantics and pragmatics of multimedia data; Metadata for multimedia information systems.  
 7. AI System Modelling:  Cyber and Physical System Modelling; Image Processing; Natural Language Processing; Computer Vision; Biological Analysis; Responsible AI.  
 The total number of participants is limited to 50 (30 papers). We want to provide enough time for the presentations and discussions. The conference is an excellent forum for networking with the active research community on this important topic. The authors must present their paper at the conference.  
 All papers (full/short/position) accepted and presented in the conference are published in the conference preprint (e-book having ISSN / ISBN) by the local organizers (distributed in the conference) and after the conference in the final journal-paper publication.  
 After the conference, authors have the opportunity to improve their papers based on the feedback at the conference. The final publication is published in the Series “ Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence  ” by IOS Press (Amsterdam)  . The books “Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases Vol. n” are edited by the Editing Committee. It has the right to propose obligatory improvements as a precondition to the publication. It has the right to withdraw papers that do not follow the given guidelines and technical style. In addition to IOS press publication, we have invitation to publish some papers in ECTI-Transactions on Computer and Information Technology (ECTI-CIT)  . The papers are selected by the Editorial Board of the Journal.  
 In all editorial issues, please contact the editing committee.  
  The E-books of EJC Conferences are available in   
 2020: https://ebooks.iospress.nl/volume/information-modelling-and-knowledge-bases-xxxii   
 2021: https://ebooks.iospress.nl/volume/information-modelling-and-knowledge-bases-xxxiii   
 2022: https://ebooks.iospress.nl/volume/information-modelling-and-knowledge-bases-xxxiv   
 2023: https://ebooks.iospress.nl/volume/information-modelling-and-knowledge-bases-xxxv   

 Powered by WordPress  / Academica WordPress Theme by WPZOOM