About  Programme  Accepted Papers  Call For Papers  Committees   
  
 11th International Workshop on Engineering Multi-Agent Systems  
 In conjunction with AAMAS 2023  (29-30 May 2023, London, UK)  
 News:  The EMAS 2023 Post-Proceedings volume  is now available!  
   
  A key unifying theme underlying Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning is the idea of intelligent software agents able to reason, act, interact, and learn. This metaphor has stimulated much research in AI and particularly in Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems, giving rise to research in agent-oriented software engineering, programming multi-agent systems, and declarative agent languages and technologies.  
 The Engineering Multi-Agent Systems (EMAS)  workshop has been held as part of AAMAS  since 2013, and was previously affiliated to AAMAS through Agent-Oriented Software Engineering (AOSE)  , Programming Multiagent Systems (ProMAS)  , and Declarative Agent Languages and Technologies (DALT)  since the first AAMAS in 2002.  
 EMAS 2023 will provide a forum for researchers and practitioners interested in the theory and practice of engineering intelligent agents and multi-agent systems (MAS). The overall purpose of the workshop is to facilitate the cross-fertilization of ideas and experiences in the various fields to:  
 enhance our knowledge of the theory and practice of engineering intelligent agents and multi-agent systems, and advance the state of the art; 
  demonstrate how MAS methodologies, architectures, languages, and tools can be used in the engineering of deployed large-scale, open, and data-driven MAS; 
  define new directions for engineering MAS by drawing on results and recommendations from related research areas; and 
  encourage Ph.D. and Master’s students to become involved in and contribute to the area. 
  Despite the substantial body of knowledge and expertise developed in the design and development of MAS, the systematic development of large-scale and open MAS still poses many challenges. Even though various languages, models, techniques, and methodologies have been proposed in the literature, researchers and developers are still faced with fundamental questions attaining MAS engineering, such as:  
 How to specify, design, implement, verify, test, and validate large-scale and open MAS? 
  How to ensure and control the global behaviour of decentralised, large-scale, and open MAS? 
  How to seamlessly integrate AI, machine learning, and data-driven techniques into the design and development of agent-based systems? 
  Which (multi-)agent architectures and languages are most suitable for MAS in different domains? 
  How to engineer agent and multi-agent systems that are secure and protect the privacy concerns of users? 
  How to scale to the complexity of real-world application domains? 
  What are the implications of MAS engineering in the context of continuous development and deployment? 
  How can MAS be applied in specific application areas, such as Cyber-Physical Systems and Internet of Things / Web of Things? 
  How to seamlessly integrate MAS engineering with mainstream software engineering models, languages, frameworks and tools? 
  Which processes and methodologies can integrate the above and provide a disciplined approach to the engineering of MAS? 
      
 Important Dates  
  
 Submission deadline: | February 22, 2023  March 5, 2023 
 Author notification: | March 27, 2023 
 Camera-ready deadline | April 27, 2023 
 EMAS | May 29-30, 2023 

 Committees  
 Organising Committee  
 Andrei Ciortea | , University of St.Gallen, CH 
  Mehdi Dastani | , Utrecht University, NL 
  Jieting Luo | , Zhejiang University, CN 
    
 Programme Committee  
 Natasha Alechina, Utrecht University 
  Matteo Baldoni, Università di Torino 
  Luciano Baresi, Politecnico di Milano 
  Cristina Baroglio, Università di Torino 
  Olivier Boissier, MINES Saint-Étienne 
  Daniela Briola, University of Milano Bicocca 
  Rafael C. Cardoso, University of Aberdeen 
  Moharram Challenger, University of Antwerp 
  Amit Chopra, Lancaster University 
  Andrei Ciortea, University of St.Gallen 
  Rem Collier, UCD 
  Stefania Costantini, Univ. dell'Aquila 
  Fabiano Dalpiaz, Utrecht University 
  Mehdi Dastani, Utrecht University 
  Maiquel de Brito, Federal University of Santa Catarina 
  Davide Dell'Anna, Delft University of Technology 
  Louise Dennis, University of Manchester 
  Angelo Ferrando, University of Genova 
  Lars-Ake Fredlund, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid 
  Stéphane Galland, UBFC - UTBM 
  Jorge Gomez-Sanz, Universidad Complutense de Madrid 
  Zahia Guessoum, Université de Paris 6 and Université de Reims Champagne Ardenne 
  James Harland, RMIT University 
  Vincent Hilaire, UTBM/IRTES-SET 
  Koen Hindriks, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 
  Tom Holvoet, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven 
  Jomi Fred Hübner, Federal University of Santa Catarina 
  Joao Leite, Universidade NOVA de Lisboa 
  Yves Lespérance, York University 
  Jieting Luo, University of Bern 
  Viviana Mascardi, University of Genova 
  Simon Mayer, University of St.Gallen 
  John-Jules Meyer, Utrecht University 
  Roberto Micalizio, Università di Torino 
  Luis Gustavo Nardin, Mines Saint-Étienne 
  Enrico Pontelli, New Mexico State University 
  Wishnu Prasetya, Utrecht University 
  Alessandro Ricci, University of Bologna 
  Luca Sabatucci, ICAR-CNR 
  Valeria Seidita, Università degli Studi di Palermo 
  Jaime Sichman, University of São Paulo 
  Tran Cao Son, New Mexico State University 
  Jørgen Villadsen, Technical University of Denmark 
  Danny Weyns, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven 
  Michael Winikoff, Victoria University of Wellington 
  Vahid Yazdanpanah, University of Southampton 
  Neil Yorke-Smith, Delft University of Technology 
  Yingqian Zhang, Eindhoven University of Technology 
    
 Steering Committee  
 Matteo Baldoni 
  Rafael Bordini 
  Mehdi Dastani 
  Jürgen Dix 
  Amal El Fallah Seghrouchni 
  Brian Logan 
  Jörg P. Müller 
  Alessandro Ricci 
  Danny Weyns 
  Michael Winikoff 
  Rym Zalila-Wenkstern 

 © 2023 TU Clausthal. The EMAS 2023 logo is based on an image by Freepik  .