Skip to main content  Skip to navigation  Skip to footer    
 de  en    
   
   Institute for Advanced Simulation (IAS)  
  Materials Data Science and Informatics (IAS-9)  

 News and Events | News 
   
   Events 
    
 Staff 
    
 Research | Materials Theory, Modeling and Simulation 
   
   Data Analysis and Machine Learning 
   
   Concepts and Tools for Research Data Management 
   
   Collaborations 
   
   Publications 
  ▾  Peer Reviewed Publications 
   ▾  Book Chapters, Books, and PhD theses 
   ▾  Other, not peer-reviewed publications 
    
 Teaching | Introduction to Data Mining and Machine Learning 
   
   Materials Data Science and Informatics 
   
   Micro- and Nanomechanics for Simulation Science (old: From Molecular to Continuum Physics I) 
   
   Application of Neural Networks and Machine Learning in Computational Material Modeling / Simulation 
    
 Career 
    
 Contact 

     /   
 News and Events  /   
 Events  /   
 IAS-9 @ Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC 2023)   

 IAS-9 @ Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC 2023)  
 The Extended Semantic Web Conference is a major venue for discussing the latest scientific results and technology innovations around semantic technologies. Building on its past success, ESWC is seeking to broaden its focus to span other relevant related research areas in which Web semantics plays an important role.  
 Start   
 28th May 2023 06:00 AM    
   
 End   
 1st June 2023 14:00 PM    

 The goal of the Semantic Web is to create a Web of knowledge and services in which the semantics of content is made explicit and content is linked to both other content and services allowing novel applications to combine content from heterogeneous sites in unforeseen ways and support enhanced matching between users needs and content. This network of knowledge-based functionality will weave together a large network of human knowledge, and make this knowledge machine-processable to support intelligent behaviour by machines. Creating such an interlinked Web of knowledge which spans unstructured text, structured data as well as multimedia content and services requires the collaboration of many disciplines, including but not limited to: Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing, Databases and Information Systems, Information Retrieval, Machine Learning, Multimedia, Distributed Systems, Social Networks, Web Engineering, and Web Science. These complementarities are reflected in the outline of the technical program of the ESWC 2023  . ESWC 2023 will present the latest results in research, technologies and applications in its field. Besides the technical program organized over numerous tracks, the conference will feature a workshop and tutorial program, system descriptions and demos, a posters exhibition and a doctoral symposium.  
 Dr. Said Fathalla will be presenting "An Upper Ontology for Modern Science Branches and Related Entities."  
     Save to calendar (ICS)    
   
 Last Modified: 18.11.2024   

     print    
    to the top     

 Forschungszentrum Jülich GmbH  
 Wilhelm-Johnen-Straße  52428 Jülich      
 02461 61-0    
       
 02461 61-8100    
     
 Directions    

 Jülich News  
 The monthly update from Forschungszentrum Jülich  

 © Forschungszentrum Jülich  Legal Notice 
  Data Protection 
  Accessibility