Skip to main content    2023 ESWC-Conferences   
   
 Toggle navigation        
 ESWC 2023 | About 
  History 
  Calls | Call for Contributions ESWC 2023 
  Call for Papers: Research Track 
  Call for Papers: In-use Track 
  Call for Papers: Resources Track 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Ph.D. Symposium 
  Call for Papers: Industry Track 
  Call for Papers: The next 20 years 
  Call for Project Networking Session Profiles 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Accepted Papers | Research, Resource and In-Use Papers 
  Posters and Demos Papers 
  Industry Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials | Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  PhD Symposium Program 
  20th Anniversary | Panel 
  The next 20 years – ESWC 2043 papers 
  Project Networking 
  Attending | Registration 
  Student Registration Grant 
  Conference Venue 
  Sponsors and Supporters 
  Organisation | Organising Committee 
  Sponsorship 

 REGISTRATION    

  ESWC 2024 General Chair   
  26. July 2023  25. July 2023     Catia Pesquita      
  
 We are very happy to announce the general chair for ESWC 2024: Albert Meroño Peñuela –  we wish Albert all the best with next years organization and are looking forward to see many people again on Crete at the Aldemar Knossos Royal again next year from 26th until 30th May 2024  !  

  Best Paper Awards   
  26. June 2023  24. June 2023     Catia Pesquita      
  
 We are happy to announce the best paper winners in the different tracks below. Congratulations to all the winners, well deserved!  
 Best Research  Paper Award Winners:  
 A Framework to Include and Exploit Probabilistic Information in SHACL Validation Reports | by Rémi Felin, Catherine Faron and Andrea Tettamanzi 
  Classifying sequences by combining context-free grammars and OWL ontologies | by Nicolas Lazzari, Andrea Poltronieri and Valentina Presutti 
  Best Resource  Paper Award Winner: HHT: an approach for representing temporally-evolving historical territories  by William Charles, Nathalie Hernandez and Nathalie Aussenac-Gilles  
 Best In Use  Paper Award Winner: Prototyping an End-User User Interface for the Solid Application Interoperability Specification under GDPR  by Hadrien Bailly, Anoop Papanna and Rob Brennan  
 Best Poster  Award Winner: RoXi: a Framework for Reactive Reasoning  by Pieter Bonte and Femke Ongenae  
 Best Demo  Award Winner: GLENDA: Querying over RDF Archives with SPARQL  by Olivier Pelgrin, Ruben Taelman, Luis Galárraga and Katja Hose  
 Best PhD Symposium  Paper Award Winner: Formalizing Stream Reasoning for a Decentralized Semantic Web  by Mathijs van Noort  
 Congratulations to everyone!  

  Reviewer Awards at ESWC 2023   
  24. June 2023  24. June 2023     Catia Pesquita      
  
 We want to thank all PC members of all tracks for making this ESWC possible. A program cannot be put together without the help of all reviewers!  
 Additionally, we are happy to announce the Reviewer awards for ESWC 2023 and special thanks for the researchers mentioned below for their contributions during the reviewing process!  
 Research Track:  
 Best PC member: | Hubert Naacke 
  Best SPC members: | Oscar Corcho | and | Michael Cochez 
  Resource Track:  
 Best PC member: | Lionel Medini | (Université Lyon 1) 
  Honorary mention PC member: | Vojtěch Svátek ( | University of Economics (VSE)) 
  Best SPC member: | Irene Celino | (CEFRIEL) 
  In Use Track:  
 Best Reviewer: | Vladimir Alexiev 
  Honerable Mentions: | Edelweis Rohrer | and | Jose Emilio Labra Gayo 
  Special Thanks: | Rita Sousa 
  Posters and Demos Best Reviewers:  
 Sylvie Cazalens 
  Edelweis Rohrer 
  Stefan Schlobach 

  Gala Dinner Location/Time Change   
  31. May 2023  31. May 2023     Catia Pesquita      
  
 The Gala dinner, starting at 19:30  20:00  will take place close to the beach  at the “Snack Bar”  , located directly underneath the restaurant where we usually have lunch. See below for a picture! See you there, no matter the weather!  

 Posts navigation  
 1  2  …  8  Older posts     

 Recent Tweets  
 Tweets by @eswc_conf   
 Sponsors and Supporters  
 Your brand here? Sponsor ESWC2023!    

 Proceedings published by  

 Follow us  
 Twitter 
  Mastodon 

 ESWC 2023 – NEWS  
 ESWC 2024 General Chair   
 26. July 2023 10:30  
 We are very happy to announce the general chair for... 
  Best Paper Awards   
 26. June 2023 10:02  
 We are happy to announce the best paper winners in... 
  Reviewer Awards at ESWC 2023   
 24. June 2023 19:41  
 We want to thank all PC members of all tracks... 

 Extended Semantic Web Conference ESWC  
 The ESWC  is a major venue for discussing the latest scientific results and technology innovations around semantic technologies. Building on its past success, ESWC is seeking to broaden its focus to span other relevant related research areas in which Web semantics plays an important role.  

 Twitter 
  Mastodon 

 Theme by Colorlib  Powered by WordPress    

 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept  Reject   

 Privacy & Cookies Policy    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

 Non-necessary   Non-necessary     
   
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT