Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
        
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Home 
  Award Papers | in IES journals 
  in IES conferences 
  Featured Articles | from IES journals 
  from IES conferences 
  from IES technical committees 
  Tutorials & Webinars 
  eNewsLetter 
  Editorial Board 
  About ITeN 

 2023 ETFA – IEEE 28th International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation  
 By ITeN Editorial Board   
 13 March, 2023   

 ETFA 2023 will take place 12-15 september 2023 in Sinaia, Romania.  
 The 28th ETFA is the Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society (IES) focusing on the latest developments and new technologies in the field of industrial and factory automation. The International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation aims to disseminate novel ideas and emerging trends, research results and practical achievements.  
 ETFA 2023 is a unique opportunity to network, build up partnerships and exchange ideas with both industry leaders and a variety of experienced researchers, developers and practitioners from several industries, research institutes, and academia. Join the exciting ETFA 2023 technical and social activities. The ETFA 2023 Organizing Committee looks forward to welcoming you to this event.  
 Topics of Interest   
 Information Technology in Automation 
  Industrial Communication Technologies and Systems 
  Real-Time and Networked Embedded Systems 
  Automated Manufacturing Systems 
  Industrial Control 
  Computer Vision and Human-Machine Interaction in Industrial and Factory Automation 
  Intelligent Robots & Systems 
  Intelligent Sensors, Sensor Networks, and Information Processing 
  Complex Automation Systems and Systems Engineering 
  Artificial Intelligence for Cyber-Physical Systems in Automation 
  Vehicular Embedded Systems 
   
 Important Dates    
 Submission of papers (regular, special sessions) 31 March 2023 
  Submission of work-in-progress papers 12 May 2023 
  Notification of acceptance (regular and special session) 5 May 2023 
  Notification of acceptance (Work-in-progress) 9 June 2023 
  Submission of final manuscripts (All papers) 16 June 2023 
   
 For more information on ETFA 2023 and CFP  , please visit: https://2023.ieee-etfa.org  /   

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Terms and Conditions 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top