Skip to main content    Chatbot  Information  213 177 600  +351919570504  apply for me    
   
 Universidade Autónoma de Lisboa   
   
 To search for      
 To submit      

 Autónoma 
  Services 
  SECVirtual 
  UALMedia 
  Intranet 
  Contacts 
    
 Degrees 
  Masters 
  PhDs 
  Postgraduate 
  Research 
    
 PT  |  EN    

 toggle navigation        
 PT  |  EN    
 To search for      
 To submit      
 Autónoma 
  Services 
  SECVirtual 
  UALMedia 
  Intranet 
  Contacts 

 toggle navigation      Universidade Autónoma de Lisboa   
   
 Degrees 
  Masters 
  PhDs 
  Postgraduate 
  Research 

 CALL FOR PAPERS | ETHICOMP 2025 – SHAPING DIGITAL ETHICS TOGETHER  

 Location   
  Dates   
  Call for papers   
  Publications   
  Submission   
  Committees   
  Registration   
  Travel and accommodation   
  Program   
  Contact   
   
 ETHICOMP has fostered an international community of academics, technologists, and industry professionals dedicated to exploring the ethical dimensions of computing. ETHICOMP serves as a platform for interdisciplinary dialogue, addressing philosophical, professional, and practical aspects of computing ethics. Our conferences have significantly shaped ethical standards and practices in the digital age.  
 Organized by:   
 Universidade Autónoma de Lisboa  
  Universidade Complutense de Madrid  
  Universidad Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona  
  Universidad de Barcelona  
  Tba  

 Location   
   
 ETHICOMP 2025 will take place in Lisbon, the capital of Portugal. The venue will be the Palácio dos Condes de Redondo, Autonomous University of Lisbon Luís de Camões.  

 Timeline   
   
 Deadline for submission of extended abstracts: January 15, 2025  
 Revisions due (accept/accept with changes/reject): March 1, 2025  
 Deadline for resubmissions (accepted with changes): April 1, 2025  
 Final revisions due (accepted with changes): April 15, 2025  
 Full paper submission deadline: June 16, 2025  
 Conference: September 17-19, 2025  
 As with previous ETHICOMP conferences, only papers written in English and not published or submitted elsewhere will be accepted based on an extended abstract after careful and anonymous review overseen by the Program Committee. Authors may submit more than one abstract, but acceptance of multiple proposals from a single author or co-author will be weighted against available space to ensure that we can include as many authors as possible for ETHICOMP 2025. At least one of the authors must register and attend the conference, presenting their work. Authors may be invited to present their work at the conference as a regular presentation (each talk 15min presentation + 15min questions and discussion) or as part of a panel (90min session with up to 6 papers, 5-10min presentation + questions and open panel discussion).  
 Details on the formatting and style of final papers for the conference proceedings will be published on the conference website (https://autonoma.pt/en/xxx). Abstracts and full papers will be submitted and reviewed through EasyChair. Full details of the submission process are available on the conference website.  

 Scope   
   
 1. Open Track  (Dr. Shalini Kesar, Southern Utah University, kesar@suu.edu; and Orlando Lima Rua, Polytechnic of Porto, orua@iscap.ipp.pt; Adrian-Horia Dediu, Autonomous University of Lisbon, adediu@autonoma.pt)  
 Any topic in computer ethics, broadly construed. Topics related to the field of computer ethics, conceived broadly to include philosophical, professional, and practical aspects of the field.  
 2. Let’s reevaluate cybersecurity best practices  (Shalini Kesar, Southern Utah University, kesar@suu.edu; and Sabina Szymoniak Czestochowa University of Technology, sabina.szymoniak@icis.pcz.pl)  
 Today’s society is becoming more dependent on technology, where organizations and individuals cannot function without smart devices in their daily lives. Nowadays, the integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and Internet of Things (IoT) is playing a key role in defining cybersecurity best practices. For example, AI-powered threat detection, anomaly detection, and automated response systems are becoming more sophisticated in identifying and mitigating cyber threats, as well as identifying threats and vulnerabilities. To manage and minimize these data threats, it is important for organizations to reevaluate their cybersecurity strategies and best practices. This track invites articles that discuss the emerging trends in cybersecurity along with their ethical implications of digital interaction when organizations are developing best practices.  
 3. Ethical challenges of human relations in education in the AI era  (Mario Arias-Oliva, Universidad Complutense de Madrid Mar Souto-Romero, Universidad Rey Juan Carlos de Madrid, mario.arias@ucm.es; Antonio Pérez-Portabella, Universitat Rovira i Virgili Graciela Padilla Castillo, Universidad Complutense de Madrid; antonio. perezportabella@urv.cat)  
 Digital technologies offer numerous benefits to educational relationships, including improved communication, collaboration, and access to resources. However, they also present challenges that educators, students, and policymakers must navigate carefully to ensure positive and equitable outcomes. Teacher-student relationships have changed, with teachers becoming facilitators rather than sole sources of knowledge. While technology improves communication between students, teachers, and parents, it can also affect peer relationships, where online collaboration can lead to reduced face-to-face interaction. Excessive digital communication can diminish empathy and social skills, while virtual communities can foster a sense of belonging in online education. Furthermore, the integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into education introduces new dimensions to these relationships. AI-powered tutoring systems and chatbots can provide personalized support to students, but they also raise concerns about the role of human educators and the potential loss of human connection in the learning process. This track welcomes submissions that explore the multifaceted impact of digital technologies on education in general, including contributions on digital human relationships in education, such as changes in teacher-student dynamics, peer interactions, mentoring, virtual communities, and the ethical implications of AI in learning environments.  
 4. Gender and Future Digital Technologies  (Shalini Kesar, Southern Utah University, kesar@suu.edu)  
 With emerging technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and the Internet of Things, it is important to explore the role of gender, as gender disparity can create barriers to managing and sustaining digital technologies. Diverse perspectives and technological innovation can help overcome challenges to economic growth, productivity, solve complex technological problems, drive innovation, and shape the future of technology across multiple sectors. This track welcomes paper proposals from scholars across all fields, as well as practitioners, policymakers, educators, and others whose work or experiences overlap with this theme.  
 5. The normative challenges of AI literacy  (Ludovica Paseri, UNITO, ludovica.paseri@unito.it; and Ugo Pagallo, UNITO, ugo.pagallo@unito.it)  
 The rapid pace of AI development drives the need for investigations into human-machine and machine-to-machine interactions. Exploring the ethical and legal implications of AI-mediated interactions is critical to safeguarding fundamental and human rights. In addition to the challenges related to the misuse or abuse of AI, an often under-researched but highly relevant topic is AI literacy. The relevance of the topic is shown by Section 10.2 lett. (d) vii of the White House Executive Order on the Safe, Secure, and Trustworthy Development and Use of AI of October 2023, and by Article 4 of the AI Act (EU Reg. 2024/1689) in EU law, which concerns ‘AI literacy’, stating that “Providers and deployers of AI systems shall take measures to ensure, to the best of their ability, a sufficient level of AI literacy of their staff and other persons dealing with the operation and use of AI systems on their behalf”. In this context, it is crucial to question the normative implications of AI literacy, examining the accountability and applicability of the US Executive Order and Article 4 of the AI Act; the various models of AI literacy; risks of inequality and digital exclusion; the social disadvantages arising from the lack of digital skills and competencies, etc. The track is open for applications with the aim of discussing AI literacy from an interdisciplinary perspective to contribute to the debate on responsible and trustworthy uses of AI in different areas, such as healthcare, education, scientific research, and industry, among others.  
 6. (De)stigmatize digital interactions and technologies  (Adam Poulsen, Centre for Brain and Mind, University of Sydney, adam.poulsen@sydney.edu.au; Frank Iorfino, Centre for Brain and Mind, University of Sydney, frank.iorfino@sydney.edu.au)  
 Digital interactions and technologies perpetuate or challenge stigma. For example, persistent stigma around mental health leads young people to turn to social media for mental health information and support. However, they encounter biased moderation or harassment of social media content that negatively impacts stigmatized groups discussing, for example, LGBTQ+ issues or mental health. As another example, sex robots present an opportunity to promote the sexual rights of vulnerable groups, such as those with physical disabilities or the elderly. However, the topic of sex robots remains stigmatized in academia, industry, and the public. This track explores the dual role of digital interactions and technologies in exacerbating and combating stigma. It invites submissions that address stigmatized digital interactions (e.g., sex robot use and virtual reality pornography); stigma-reducing digital interactions (e.g., online mental health resources and help-seeking); stigma-based barriers to digital interactions (e.g., cultural norms and stereotypes); and perpetuating or challenging prejudice against stigmatized groups through digital interactions (e.g., promoting or dismantling online digital activism among stigmatized groups, supporting or hindering rights, advocacy, community building, and empowerment). This track also welcomes articles on related ethical implications and topics, including equity, equality, fairness, justice, access, (in)visibility, cyberbullying, anonymity, and safety.  
 7. Artificial Intelligence: Interpretability and Measurement of its Underlying Ethics  (Ramón Carrasco, Complutense University of Madrid, ramoncar@ucm.es)  
 The ability of artificial intelligence (AI) to pass the Turing test is now an indisputable reality. This indicates that AI has reached a level of similarity to human behavior in several aspects, including the ability to speak, reason, and even exhibit a degree of creativity. However, consciousness remains a separate challenge. While it currently seems unlikely that AI could develop true consciousness with existing technology, it is plausible that it could convincingly mimic consciousness, potentially passing a hypothetical “consciousness test.” The rapid evolution of AI suggests its integration into many activities that were previously performed exclusively by humans. This transition raises two critical challenges, which this seminar aims to address: 1) Interpretability of AI: Understanding how and why AI makes decisions is essential to building trust in its use. This can be achieved through approaches such as explainable artificial intelligence (XAI); 2) Measuring AI ethics: Given the increasing autonomy of AI, it is crucial to assess, for example, whether its decisions are fair, transparent, and accountable. Assessing these ethical dimensions ensures that AI integrates responsibly into society. This seminar seeks to explore both of these topics, fostering an interdisciplinary dialogue that encourages the development of more understandable and ethically responsible AI.  
 8. Values: the basis for responsible technology and digital interactions  (Kirsten Wahlstrom, University of South Australia, kirsten.wahlstrom@unisa.edu.au; Mamello Thinyane, University of South Australia, mamello.thinyane@unisa.edu.au)  
 Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) permeate almost every sphere of life and have brought about changes that harm some while benefiting others. One example that highlights the ethical risks and challenges associated with automated decision-making processes is the UK Post Office’s Horizon system, which was an accounting system developed by Fujitsu. Horizon had flaws that led the Post Office to take debt collection action against postmasters. Many other adverse impacts of ICTs have been documented, including those associated with recent advances in artificial intelligence. To mitigate these adverse outcomes, many instruments have been formulated; these aim to infuse values into the design, development and deployment of ICTs and shape human-machine interactions. However, this is not trivial, as value tensions arise between different stakeholders and in different contexts. This track invites theoretical, empirical and practical contributions that address ethical considerations across the ICT lifecycle and that explore value tensions in human-machine interactions. Papers across all application domains are invited, with particular interest in papers exploring these issues in the cybersecurity domain and in teaching and professional practice.  
 9. How is AI changing us? How does it change the world?  (Xenia Ziouvelou – Associate Researcher at the National Center for Scientific Research Demokritos (NCSRD-Greece), Head of AI Politeia Lab, xeniaziouvelou@gmail.com)  
 The transformative power of technology is undeniable, permeating every aspect of life. Emerging advances in AI and generative AI are rewriting the rules of what is possible, disrupting established norms in everything from medicine and law to art, education, and research, among others. AI and generative AI tools are changing the way we work, learn, create art, conduct research, consume, and are reshaping the way we interact with humans and technology, the way we communicate, socialize, live, and behave. The interactions between AI, people, and social systems are reshaping our norms and revolutionizing the way our interactions with technology evolve and ultimately change us. While much debate has been needed recently about “human-centric” AI, more research is needed on the conditions under which AI technologies can lead to positive and negative outcomes for human behavior, agency, autonomy, rights, and freedom. As technology reshapes human societies, the need to understand the complex interactions between AI, humans, and social systems, as well as the emerging ethical and social implications, is crucial. Thus, adopting an anticipatory approach to AI development and governance.  
 10. Ethical challenges for business in a digital world  (Pedro Isidoro González Ramírez, Universidad Autónoma de San Luis Potosí, pedro.gonzalez@uaslp.mx; Juan Carlos Yañez Luna, Universidad Autónoma de San Luis Potosí, jcyl@uaslp.mx)  
 This track explores the intersection of business ethics and the application of Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) to assess the impact of ethical decision-making on organizational outcomes. As digital interactions become increasingly significant, understanding the ethical dimensions of business practices is crucial to fostering a responsible society. We invite contributions that examine how ethical considerations influence strategic decision-making, particularly in the context of digital communication. Research employing SEM can provide valuable insights into the relationships between ethical practices, customer satisfaction, brand reputation, and financial performance. By integrating theoretical frameworks with empirical analyses, this track aims to foster dialogue on the need to embed ethics in business education and practice. Case studies that demonstrate real-world applications of ethical decision-making and its consequences will be highlighted. This track seeks to engage academics, industry practitioners, and emerging researchers in a collaborative discussion, contributing to the ongoing dialogue on the ethical implications of technology and business in today’s interconnected world. Participants will have the opportunity to present their findings, share experiences and explore new methodologies in the field of business ethics.  
 11. AI, social networks and their influence on youth  (Gonçalo Valadão Matias, Autonomous University, gmatias@autonoma.pt; Isabel Alvarez, Autonomous University, ialvarez@autonoma.pt; and Nuno Silva, Lusiada University, nsas@ulusiada.pt)  
 This track explores the ethical implications of deploying AI on social media platforms primarily used by young people. As AI increasingly shapes young people’s online experiences, it is crucial to examine the ethical considerations, potential impacts, and necessary safeguards. We seek papers that address the complex interplay between AI technologies, ethical frameworks, social media platforms, learning tools, and youth well-being. This track aims to foster interdisciplinary dialogue among researchers, ethicists, AI developers, social scientists, policymakers, educators, and youth advocates. We welcome submissions on topics that include, but are not limited to: 1) Ethical considerations in AI-driven content curation for young users; 2) Privacy and data protection challenges in AI-driven youth-oriented social media; 3) The impact of AI algorithms on youth mental health and development; 4) Designing ethically aligned AI for youth-centric social platforms; 5) Ethical implications of AI-enhanced targeted advertising for young users; 6) Transparency and explainability of AI systems in youth-focused social networks; 7) AI, social networks and their influence on youth civic engagement and political participation; 8) Ethical frameworks for AI development on platforms primarily used by young people; and 9) Social networks and AI tools to facilitate learning and knowledge sharing.  

 Publications   
   
 Tba  

 Submission   
   
 Authors may choose to submit to the general open track or to a specific track. Initial submissions should take the form of extended abstracts of 1000 to 1500 words. All accepted extended abstracts will be published in proceedings with an ISBN. If the extended abstract is accepted, authors may voluntarily submit full papers (max. 8000 words) that will be published as a book chapter in the ETHICOMP series.  
 We welcome perspectives from researchers in business, government, computer science, information systems, law, media, anthropology, education, psychology, sociology, ethics, and philosophy. Interdisciplinary articles and articles by emerging researchers and practitioners are encouraged. Articles may involve a variety of approaches, including those with a conceptual, applied, practical, or historical focus, as well as case studies and reports on lessons learned in practice.  

 Committees   
   
 ETHICOMP Steering Committee   
 Ana Maria Lara, University of Burgos, SpainAndrew Adams, University  
  Meiji, JapanErica L. Neely, Ohio Northern University, USAJorge Pelegrín-  
  Borondo, La Rioja University, SpainKai Kimppa University of Turkku,  
  FinlandKatleen Gabriels Maastricht University, NetherlandsKiyoshi Murata Meiji  
  University, JapanMario Arias-Oliva, Complutense University of Madrid,  
  SpainNuno Silva, Lusiada University, PortugalRichard Volkman Southern  
  Connecticut State University, USAShalini Kesar Southern Utah University,  
  USASabina Szymoniak, Czestochowa Technical University,  
  PolandWilhelm EJ Klein, ICT Ethics Researcher, Hong Kong  
 Conference Directors   
  Mario Marques da Silva, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Mario Oliva, Complutense University of Madrid  
  Isabel Alvarez, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Adrian-Horia Dediu, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Nuno Silva, Lusiada University of Lisbon  
 Program Coordinators   
  Kiyoshi Murata, Meiji University, Japan  
  Mario Oliva, Complutense University of Madrid  
  Shalini Kesar, Southern Utah University, USAOrlando Lima Rua, Polytechnic  
  from Porto, Portugal  
 Organizing Committee   
 Presidency of the Organizing Committee   
  Reginaldo de Almeida, Vice President of Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Mário Marques da Silva, Director of the Faculty of ICT  
  Mario Arias-Oliva, Complutense University of Madrid, Spain  
  Isabel Alvarez, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Adrian-Horia Dediu, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Nuno Silva, Lusiada University of Lisbon  
  Kiyoshi Murata, Meiji University,  
 Japan Organizing Committee   
  Inês Almeida, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Manuel Serejo, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Cristina Dias, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Pedro Santos, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Ana Trindade, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Diogo Trindade, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
 Scientific Committee   
  Adrian-Horia Dediu, Autonomous University of Lisbon  
  Antonio Fernández Portillo, University of Extremadura, Spain  
  Antonio Marturano, University of Rome Tor Vergata, ItalyAna María Lara-  
  Palma, University of Burgos, SpainAlba García Milon, University of La  
  La Rioja, Spain  
  Alejandro Cataldo, University of Talca, ChileAlicia Blanco, University  
  Rey Juan Carlos, SpainAlicia Izquierdo-Yusta, University of Burgos,  
  SpainCamilo Prado Román, Rey Juan Carlos University,  
  SpainCristina Olarte Pascual, University of La Rioja, SpainDavid Cordon  
  Benito, Complutense University of Madrid, SpainDon Gotternbarn,  
  Professor Emeritus, East Tennessee State University, USA  
  Emma Juaneda Ayensa, University of La Rioja, Spain  
  Graciela  
  Padilla Castillo, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, SpainGuadeloupe  
  Manzano-García, University of La Rioja, Spain  
  Isabel Alvarez, Autonomous University of Lisbon, PortugalJan Strohschein,  
  Technische Hochschule Köln, GermanyJani Koskinen, University of Turku,  
  FinlandJesús García de Madariaga Miranda, Complutense University of  
  Madrid, SpainJoaquín Sánchez Herrera, Complutense University of  
  Madrid, SpainJorge Gallardo, Camilo José Cela University,  
  SpainJorge Pelegrín-Borondo, University of La Rioja, SpainJosé Antonio  
  Juan Carlos Yañez Luna,  
  Autonomous University of San Luis de Potosí, Mexico  
  Katleen Gabriels, Maastricht University, Netherlands  
  Kiyoshi Murata, Meiji University, Japan  
  Luis Blanco Pascual, University of La Rioja, Spain  
  Luis Valadares Tavares, Lusiad University of Lisbon, Portugal  
  Marín Vinuesa, La Rioja University, SpainMaria del Pilar Martínez Ruiz,  
  University of Castilla-La Mancha, Spain  
  Mario Arias-Oliva, Complutense University of Madrid, Spain  
  Mario Marques da Silva, Autonomous University of Lisbon, Portugal  
  Marty J. Wolf, Bemidji State University, USA  
  Nehme Khawly, University of Notre Dame, Lebanon Nuno Silva, University  
  Lusiada Autonomous University of San Luis de Potosí, Mexico  
  Ramon Alberto Carrasco González, Complutense University of Madrid,  
  SpainRubén Fernández Ortiz, University of La Rioja, Spain  
  Ryoko Asai, Ruhr-Universität Bochum, GermanySabina Szymoniak,  
  Technical University of Czestochowa, PolandSimon Rogerson, University  
  From Montfort, UK.  
  Shalini Kesar, Southern Utah University, USA  
  Sonia Carcelén García, Universidad Complutente de Madrid,  
  SpainStéphanie Gauttier, Grenoble Ecole de Management, FranceTeresa  
  Pintado Blanco, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, SpainUgo Pagallo,  
  University of Turin, ItalyWilliam M. Fleischman, Villanova University,  
  USA  
  Yasunori Fukuta, Meiji University, Japan  
  Yohko Orito, Ehime University, Japan  
  Younes Karrouk, Université Abdelmalek Essaadi, Morocco  

 Contact   
   
 The ETHICOMP 2025 team  
 Isabel Alvarez, ialvarez@autonoma.pt   
 Adrian-Horia Dediu, adediu@autonoma.pt   
 Ines Almeida, ialmeida@autonoma.pt   
 Nuno Silva, nsas@ulusiada.pt   
 Shalini Kesar, kesar@suu.edu   
 Orlando Lima Street, orua@iscap.ipp.pt   

 Acknowledgements  

 Share on Facebook   Share on LinkedIn   Share on X (Twitter)   Share on WhatsApp   Share on Email     

 Sign up for our newsletter  
 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.  Name *      
 Email *      
 Birth date *       
   
 Processing of personal data *   I consent to the use of my personal data for the purposes of communication in accordance with the Privacy Policy of the Universidade Autónoma de Lisboa 

    register     

 Terms of Use 
  Cookies Policy 
  Terms of Privacy 
  Electronic Complaints Book 
  Reporting Channel 

 Student Desk  
 213 177 600  (call cost to the national fixed network)  
 Palace of the Counts of Redondo  
 Rua de Santa Marta 56 - 1169-023 Lisbon  
 Campo de Ourique Delegation (School of Arts and Architecture)  
 Rua Fernando Assis Pacheco 207 - 1350-300 Lisbon  

  | www.recuperarportugal.gov.pt     

 This site uses cookies to optimize your experience. By continuing to browse, we assume that you agree with the use of cookies in accordance with our Terms of Privacy  . OK