About | Call for papers 
  Important dates 
  PhD day 
  Accepted papers 
  Committee 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Programme | Keynote speakers 
  Programme 
  Awards 
  Sponsor 
  Contact 
  In press 

 EUMAS 2023  
 20th European Conference of Multi-Agents Systems  
 Conference • Sept. 14-15, 2023 • Naples  
 PhD day • Sept. 13, 2023 • Naples  
   
 About  
 The 20th European Conference on Multi-Agent Systems (EUMAS 2023) will be located at the University of Naples (September 14-15th, 2023). EUMAS is the primary European forum for researchers interested in the theory and practice of autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. We are honoured to host the 20th edition of this conference in person, in Napoli, one of Europe’s most stunning cities. EUMAS 2023 is an EURAMAS designated event which follows the tradition of previous editions (Oxford 2003, Barcelona 2004, Brussels 2005, Lisbon 2006, Hammamet 2007, Bath 2008, Agia Napa 2009, Paris 2010, Maastricht 2011, Dublin 2012, Toulouse 2013, Prague 2014, Athens 2015, Valencia 2016, Evry 2017, Bergen 2018, Thessaloniki 2020, Israel (online) 2021, Düsseldorf 2022), and aims to encourage and support activity in the research and development of multi-agent systems, in academic and industrial effort. EUMAS enables researchers to meet, present challenges, preliminary and mature research results in an open environment. EUMAS 2023 features formal proceedings published as part of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series of Springer.  

 Proceedings  
 The EUMAS 2023 proceedings are officially out: https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-43264-4   
  
 Call for papers  
 What can be submitted?  
 EUMAS 2023 welcomes original, unpublished papers including improved versions of extended abstracts or rejected papers from AAMAS, AAAI and IJCAI 2023. The submission should describe work that has not been previously published, accepted for publication, nor is currently under review by another conference or journal.  
 Topic    

 Formatting and Length  
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed in a single blind fashion. Submission should be at most 15 pages long, with any number of pages for references and, if needed, a clearly marked appendix and be formatted according to Springer’s LNCS format. For templates and instructions for authors, see Conference proceedings guidelines    . Authors must submit their papers through the EUMAS 2023 Easychair submission site    as a single PDF file.  

 Important dates  
 Deadline for papers submission (extended): 29 May 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Notification sent to authors: 5 July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Camera ready papers: 20 July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  EUMAS conference: 14-15 September 2023 
   
 PhD day  
 Important dates  
  
 Paper Submission Deadline: 15th July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Paper Notification: 20th July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Camera ready papers: 24th July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 

 Phd Students (and also former PhD students that completed their PhD in 2022)  are invited to submit a Short Paper to EUMAS 2023. The accepted papers will be be presented during the EUMAS 2023 PhD Day (which will be held on the 13th of September), and will be included in EUMAS 2023 proceedings. All PhD day authors will give an highlight talk of their work (in 5 minutes) and then present it as a poster. There will be a best presentation award (based on the talk and the poster), which will come with a monetary prize. All submissions will be peer-reviewed in a single blind fashion. Specifically, all submissions should not be anonymized. Submission should be at most 5 pages long, with 2 additional page only for references  , and be formatted according to Springer’s LNCS format. For templates and instructions for authors, see Conference proceedings guidelines    . Authors must submit their papers through the EUMAS 2023 Easychair submission site    as a single PDF file.  

 Accepted papers  
 Full papers   
 Eyal Briman and Nimrod Talmon. Multiple Attribute List Aggregation: Its Application to Democratic Playlist Editing 
  Maaike Venema-Los, Zoé Christoff and Davide Grossi. On the Graph Theory of Majority Illusions 
  Alexandre Perles, Kamaldeep Singh Oberoi, Elsy Kaddoum, Valérie Camps, Stéphanie Combettes and Marie-Pierre Gleizes. Adaptive Multi-Agent System for Detecting User's Regular Movement Behaviour for MaaS Applications 
  Michael Vezina, Babak Esfandiari, Sandra Morley and Francois Schwarzentruber. Qualitative Uncertainty Reasoning in AgentSpeak 
  Martina Baiardi, Samuele Burattini, Giovanni Ciatto and Danilo Pianini. JaKtA: BDI agent-oriented programming in pure Kotlin 
  Zeinab Namakizadeh Esfahani, Débora Engelmann, Angelo Ferrando, Massimiliano Margarone and Viviana Mascardi. Integrating Ontologies and Cognitive Conversational Agents in On2Conv 
  Haolin Sun and Yves Lespérance. Exploiting Reward Machines with Deep Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Action Domains 
  Giuseppe Petrosino, Stefania Monica and Federico Bergenti. A Comprehensive Presentation of the Jadescript Agent-Oriented Programming Language 
  Omar Inverso, Salvatore La Torre, Gennaro Parlato and Ermenegildo Tomasco. Verifying Programs by Bounded Tree-width Behavior Graphs 
  Giuseppe De Giacomo and Giuseppe Perelli. Behavioral QLTL 
  Matteo Acclavio and Davide Catta. Lorenzen-style strategies as proof-search strategies 
  Elfia Bezou Vrakatseli, Benedikt Brueckner and Luke Thorburn. SHAPE: A Framework for Evaluating the Ethicality of Influence 
  Alejandra López de Aberasturi Gómez, Jordi Sabater Mir and Carles Sierra. Modelling Group Performance in Educational Multiagent Systems: Introducing the CollabQuest Simulation Game 
  Ruhollah Jamali and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar. Towards Developing an Agent-based Model of Price Competition in the European Pharmaceutical Parallel Trade Market 
  Leandro Buss Becker, Anthony Downs, Craig Schlenoff, Justin Albrecht, Zeid Kootbally, Angelo Ferrando, Rafael C. Cardoso and Michael Fisher. Using a BDI Agent to Represent a Human on the Factory Floor of the ARIAC 2023 Industrial Automation Competition 
  Giuseppe De Giacomo, Gianmarco Parretti and Shufang Zhu. Symbolic LTLf Best-Effort Synthesis 
  Francesco Leofante and Alessio Lomuscio. Robust Explanations for Human-Neural Multi-agent Systems with Formal Verification 
  Benjamin Aminof, Giuseppe De Giacomo, Antonio Di Stasio, Hugo Francon, Sasha Rubin and Shufang Zhu. LTLf Synthesis Under Environment Specifications for Reachability and Safety Properties 
  Paolo Baldi. Logic-based approximations of preferences 
  Aliyu Tanko Ali, Martin Leucker, Andreas Schuldei, Martin Sachenbacher and Leonard Stellbrink. A Comparative Analysis of Multi-Agent Simulation Platforms for Energy and Mobility Management 
  Romain Demangeon, Catalin Dima and Daniele Varacca. Observational Preorders for Alternating Transition Systems 
  Giovanni Varricchione, Natasha Alechina, Mehdi Dastani and Brian Logan. Synthesising Reward Machines for Cooperative Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning 
  Peter Stringer, Rafael C. Cardoso, Clare Dixon, Michael Fisher and Louise Dennis. Adaptive Cognitive Agents: Updating Action Descriptions and Plans 
  Damian Kurpiewski and Wojciech Jamroga. Pretty Good Strategies and Where to Find Them 
  Carlos Marín Lora and Miguel Chover. A multi-agent Sudoku using the wave function collapse 

 Short papers   
 Mahyar Sadeghi Garjan, Tommy Chaanine, Cecilia Pasquale, Vito Paolo Pastore and Angelo Ferrando. AGAMAS: A new Agent-Oriented Traffic Simulation framework for SUMO 
  Luca Sabatucci, Agnese Augello, Giuseppe Caggianese and Luigi Gallo. Coordinating Systems of Digital Twins with Digital Practices 
  Andrés Holgado-Sánchez, Joaquín Arias, Mar Moreno-Rebato and Sascha Ossowski. On admissible behaviours for goal-oriented decision-making of value-aware agents 
  Andreas Kalaitzakis and Jérôme Euzenat. Beneficial multi-tasking in cultural knowledge evolution suggests knowledge transferability among tasks. 
  Vincenzo Auletta, Diodato Ferraioli and Carmine Viscito. Election Manipulation on Social Networks with Abstention 

 PhD Day papers   
 Samuele Burattini. Supporting Adaptive Multi-Agent Systems with Digital Twins Environments 
  Martina Baiardi. A step forward to widespread BDI AOP: JaKtA 
  Mashal Afzal Memon. A brief overview of an approach towards ethical decision-making 
  Tephilla Prince. On Verifying Unbounded Client-Server Systems* 
  Gabriel Ballot. Capacity ATL: Reasoning about Agent Profiles and Applications to Cybersecurity 
  Andrés Holgado-Sánchez. Value-Awareness Engineering: Towards Learning Context-based Value Taxonomies 
  Andrea Gatti. Virtual Environments via Natural Language Agents 
  Silvia Stranieri. Reasoning about smart parking 
  Federica Montesano. Towards the optimization of speculative PDES platforms in shared-memory multi-core machines 
  Francesco Di Cosmo. Decidability Borders of Verification of Communicating Datalog Agents 
  Gianmarco Parretti. LTLf Best-Effort Synthesis for Single and Multiple Goal and Planning Domain Specifications 
  Elena Umili. Neurosymbolic Integration of Linear Temporal Logic in Non Symbolic Domains 
  Mahyar Sadeghi Garjan. On Theoretical Questions of Machine Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, and Quantum Computing With Their Reciprocal Applications 
  Rabeaeh Kiaghadi. Optimal rescue sequences in disastrous incidents 
  Marco Favorito. Efficient Algorithms for LTLf Synthesis 
  Luciana Silo. Agent Behavior Composition in Stochastic Settings 
  Michał Tomasz Godziszewski. Computational Complexity of Election Control for Euclidean Preferences** 
  *The paper has been accepted in the proceedings but it will not be presented in Naples.  
  **The paper has not been accepted in the proceedings but it will be presented in Naples.   

 Programme  
 September 13 (PhD Day, industrial panel and welcome reception)   
 13:50-14:10: PhD day registration 
  14:10-15:00: 8 talk, 6 (5+1) minutes each [Chair: Munyque Mittelmann]  Francesco Di Cosmo. Decidability Borders of Verification of Communicating Datalog Agents 
  Gianmarco Parretti. LTLf Best-Effort Synthesis for Single and Multiple Goal and Planning Domain Specifications 
  Marco Favorito. Efficient Algorithms for LTLf Synthesis 
  Luciana Silo. Agent Behavior Composition in Stochastic Settings 
  Gabriel Ballot. Capacity ATL: Reasoning about Agent Profiles and Applications to Cybersecurity 
  Elena Umili. Neurosymbolic Integration of Linear Temporal Logic in Non Symbolic Domains 
  Michał Tomasz Godziszewski. Computational Complexity of Election Control for Euclidean Preferences 
  Andrés Holgado-Sánchez. Value-Awareness Engineering: Towards Learning Context-based Value Taxonomies 
  15:00-15:30: Poster discussion 
  15:30-16:00 coffee break 
  16:00-16:50: 8 talk, 6 (5+1) minutes each [Chair: Angelo Ferrando]  Mashal Afzal Memon. A brief overview of an approach towards ethical decision-making 
  Silvia Stranieri. Reasoning about smart parking 
  Federica Montesano. Towards the optimization of speculative PDES platforms in shared-memory multi-core machines 
  Rabeaeh Kiaghadi. Optimal rescue sequences in disastrous incidents 
  Samuele Burattini. Supporting Adaptive Multi-Agent Systems with Digital Twins Environments 
  Martina Baiardi. A step forward to widespread BDI AOP: JaKtA 
  Andrea Gatti. Virtual Environments via Natural Language Agents 
  Mahyar Sadeghi Garjan. On Theoretical Questions of Machine Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, and Quantum Computing With Their Reciprocal Applications 
  16:50-17:20: Poster discussion 
  17:20-17:30: closing PhD day 
  17:30-18:45: Industrial round table 
  19:00-20:00: Welcome drink reception 

 September 14 (Main conference + Social event)   
 8:20 - 8:50: Main conference registration 
  8:50 - 9:00: Welcome 
  9:00 - 10:00: Invited speaker: Ana Paiva 
  10:00 - 10:40: Coffee break 
  10:40 - 12:30: 4 regular talks, 20 minutes each, plus 2 short talk 15 minutes each  Elfia Bezou Vrakatseli, Benedikt Brueckner and Luke Thorburn. SHAPE: A Framework for Evaluating the Ethicality of Influence 
  Alejandra López de Aberasturi Gómez, Jordi Sabater Mir and Carles Sierra. Modelling Group Performance in Educational Multiagent Systems: Introducing the CollabQuest Simulation Game 
  Ruhollah Jamali and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar. Towards Developing an Agent-based Model of Price Competition in the European Pharmaceutical Parallel Trade Market 
  Andreas Kalaitzakis and Jérôme Euzenat. Beneficial multi-tasking in cultural knowledge evolution suggests knowledge transferability among tasks. 
  Michael Vezina, Babak Esfandiari, Sandra Morley and Francois Schwarzentruber. Qualitative Uncertainty Reasoning in AgentSpeak 
  Zeinab Namakizadeh Esfahani, Débora Engelmann, Angelo Ferrando, Massimiliano Margarone and Viviana Mascardi. Integrating Ontologies and Cognitive Conversational Agents in On2Conv 
  12:30 - 14:00: Lunch (buffet) 
  14:00 - 15:40: 5 regular talks, 20 minutes each  Eyal Briman and Nimrod Talmon Multiple Attribute List Aggregation. Its Application to Democratic Playlist Editing 
  Martina Baiardi, Samuele Burattini, Giovanni Ciatto and Danilo Pianini. JaKtA: BDI agent-oriented programming in pure Kotlin 
  Giuseppe Petrosino, Stefania Monica and Federico Bergenti. A Comprehensive Presentation of the Jadescript Agent-Oriented Programming Language 
  Leandro Buss Becker, Anthony Downs, Craig Schlenoff, Justin Albrecht, Zeid Kootbally, Angelo Ferrando, Rafael C. Cardoso and Michael Fisher. Using a BDI Agent to Represent a Human on the Factory Floor of the ARIAC 2023 Industrial Automation Competition 
  Peter Stringer, Rafael C. Cardoso, Clare Dixon, Michael Fisher and Louise Dennis. Adaptive Cognitive Agents: Updating Action Descriptions and Plans 
  15:40 - 16:20: Coffee break 
  16:20 - 17:30: 2 regular talks, 20 minutes each, plus 2 short talk 15 minutes each  Aliyu Tanko Ali, Martin Leucker, Andreas Schuldei, Martin Sachenbacher and Leonard Stellbrink. A Comparative Analysis of Multi-Agent Simulation Platforms for Energy and Mobility Management 
  Carlos Marín Lora and Miguel Chover. A multi-agent Sudoku using the wave function collapse 
  Mahyar Sadeghi Garjan, Tommy Chaanine, Cecilia Pasquale, Vito Paolo Pastore and Angelo Ferrando. AGAMAS: A new Agent-Oriented Traffic Simulation framework for SUMO 
  Luca Sabatucci, Agnese Augello, Giuseppe Caggianese and Luigi Gallo. Coordinating Systems of Digital Twins with Digital Practices 
  18:00-22:00: Social event. 

 September 15 (Main conference + EURAMAS meeting)   
 8:45 - 9:00: Main conference registration 
  9:00 - 10:00 Invited speaker: Orna Kupferman 
  10:00 - 10:40: Coffee break 
  10:40 - 11:55: 3 regular talks, 20 minutes each, plus 1 short talk 15 minutes each  Giuseppe De Giacomo and Giuseppe Perelli. Behavioral QLTL 
  Matteo Acclavio and Davide Catta. Lorenzen-style strategies as proof-search strategies 
  Romain Demangeon, Catalin Dima and Daniele Varacca. Observational Preorders for Alternating Transition Systems 
  Andrés Holgado-Sánchez, Joaquín Arias, Mar Moreno-Rebato and Sascha Ossowski. On admissible behaviours for goal-oriented decision-making of value-aware agents 
  12:00 - 12:45: EURAMAS meeting 
  12:45 - 14:00: Lunch (buffet) 
  14:00 - 15:40: 5 regular talks, 20 minutes each  Haolin Sun and Yves Lespérance. Exploiting Reward Machines with Deep Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Action Domains 
  Giuseppe De Giacomo, Gianmarco Parretti and Shufang Zhu Symbolic. LTLf Best-Effort Synthesis 
  Francesco Leofante and Alessio Lomuscio. Robust Explanations for Human-Neural Multi-agent Systems with Formal Verification 
  Benjamin Aminof, Giuseppe De Giacomo, Antonio Di Stasio, Hugo Francon, Sasha Rubin and Shufang Zhu. LTLf Synthesis Under Environment Specifications for Reachability and Safety Properties 
  Giovanni Varricchione, Natasha Alechina, Mehdi Dastani and Brian Logan. Synthesising Reward Machines for Cooperative Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning 
  15:40 - 16:10: Coffee break 
  16:10 - 17:50: 5 regular talks, 20 minutes each  Vincenzo Auletta, Diodato Ferraioli and Carmine Viscito. Election Manipulation on Social Networks with Abstention 
  Maaike Venema-Los, Zoé Christoff and Davide Grossi. On the Graph Theory of Majority Illusions 
  Omar Inverso, Salvatore La Torre, Gennaro Parlato and Ermenegildo Tomasco. Verifying Programs by Bounded Tree-width Behavior Graphs 
  Paolo Baldi. Logic-based approximations of preferences 
  Damian Kurpiewski and Wojciech Jamroga. Pretty Good Strategies and Where to Find Them 
  17:50 - 18:00 Farewell 

 Keynote Speakers  
 Prof. Orna Kupferman   
 Prof. Orna Kupferman  is a faculty member at the School of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hebrew University. She received her Ph.D. in 1995 from the Technion. Her research areas cover the theoretical foundations of the formal verification and synthesis of computer systems, with a focus on automata theory and game theory and their applications. These days, Orna joins hundreds of thousands of Israelies in a struggle for Israel's democracy.  

 Prof. Ana Paiva   
 Prof. Ana Paiva  is a Professor of Computer Science at Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon investigating the creation of intelligent interactive systems by designing “social agents” that can interact with humans in a natural and social manner. She is also a fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University. Over the years she has addressed this problem by engineering social agents that try to exhibit specific social capabilities, including non-verbal behavior, empathy, personality, culture adaptation, and collaboration, among others. Her more recent research combines methods from artificial intelligence with social modelling to study hybrid societies of humans and machines. In particular she is investigating how to engineer agents that lead to more prosocial and altruistic societies.  
 She has published extensively and received best paper awards in several conferences, notably, she won the Blue Sky Awards at the AAAI in 2018. She has further advanced the area of artificial intelligence and social agents worldwide, having served for the Global Agenda Council in Artificial Intelligence and Robotics of the World Economic Forum and as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Science Europe. She is a AAAI and a EurAI fellow.  

 Awards  
 Special Issue  
 As for previous year editions, we plan to select the best papers for a special issue in SN Computer Science . Also, the top three accepted papers will have the opportunity to submit an extended versions of their papers for a fast-tracked review process at JAAMAS.  

 Best Paper  
 We plan to select the EUMAS-2023 Best Paper Award and the Best Student Paper Award (i.e., at least one of the authors is a student at the submission deadline). The Best Paper Award will be accompanied by a monetary prize of 500 euros, while the Best Student Paper Award will receive 250 euros. The winners will be announced at the conference.  

 Committee  
 Chairs   
 Vadim Malvone (Télécom Paris) 
  Aniello Murano (University of Naples Federico II) 

 Organizers of the PhD day   
 Angelo Ferrando (University of Genova) 
  Munyque Mittelmann (University of Naples Federico II) 

 Local Organizers   
 Marco Aruta 
  Davide Catta 
  Francesco Chiariello 
  Angelo Ferrando 
  Alfredo Laino 
  Giulia Luongo 
  Vadim Malvone (co-chair) 
  Munyque Mittelmann 
  Aniello Murano (co-chair) 
  Silvia Stranieri 

 Program Committee   
 Alessandro Abate (University of Oxford) 
  Natasha Alechina (Utrecht University) 
  Francesco Amigoni (Politecnico di Milano) 
  Carlos Areces (FaMAF, Universidad Nacional de Córdoba) 
  Guy Avni (University of Haifa) 
  Reyhan Aydogan (Delft University of Technology) 
  Matteo Baldoni (Diparti mento di Informatica, Univ. di Torino) 
  Cristina Baroglio (Dipartimento di Informatica, Università di Torino) 
  Nick Bassiliades (Aristotle University of Thessaloniki) 
  Francesco Belardinelli (Imperial College London) 
  Raphaël Berthon (Université Libre de Bruxelles) 
  Dietmar Berwanger (CNRS and Université Paris-Saclay) 
  Antonis Bikakis (University College London) 
  Vittorio Bilo' (University of Salento) 
  Filippo Bistaffa (IIIA-CSIC) 
  Thomas Bolander (Technical University of Denmark) 
  Vicent Botti (Universitat Politècnica de València) 
  Robert Bredereck (TU Clausthal) 
  Valentin Cassano (FaMAF, Universidad Nacional de Cordoba, Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas y Tecnologicas) 
  Cristiano Castelfranchi (Institute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies) 
  Paul Davidsson (Malmö University) 
  Louise Dennis (University of Manchester) 
  João Dias 
  Piotr Faliszewski (AGH University of Science and Technology) 
  Angelo Ferrando (University of Genova) 
  Nicoletta Fornara (Università della Svizzera Italiana) 
  Tim French (The University of Western Australia) 
  Maira Gatti de Bayser (IBM) 
  Raffaella Gentilini (University of Perugia) 
  Charlotte Gerritsen (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam) 
  Nicola Gigante (Free University of Bozen-Bolzano, Italy) 
  Rica Gonen (Yahoo!) 
  Valentin Goranko (Stockholm University) 
  Umberto Grandi (University of Toulouse) 
  Davide Grossi (University of Groningen) 
  Dimitar Guelev (Bulgarian Academy of Sciences) 
  Zahia Guessoum (LIP6, Universit de Paris 6 and CReSTIC, Université de Reims Champagne Ardenne) 
  Julian Gutierrez (Monash University) 
  Magdalena Ivanovska (BI Norwegian Business School) 
  Franziska Klügl (Örebro University) 
  Panagiotis Kouvaros (Imperial College London) 
  Martin Lackner (Vienna University of Technology) 
  Stephane Le Roux (ENS Paris-Saclay) 
  Marin Lujak (University Rey Juan Carlos) 
  Jerusa Marchi (Federal University of Santa Catarina) 
  Nicolas Markey (IRISA, CNRS & INRIA & Univ. Rennes 1) 
  Francisco S. Melo (Instituto Superior Tecnico/INESC-ID) 
  Jakub Michaliszyn (University of Wroclaw) 
  Marco Montali (KRDB Research Centre, Free University of Bozen-Bolzano) 
  Pavel Naumov (University of Southampton) 
  Gethin Norman (University of Glasgow) 
  Andrea Omicini (Alma Mater Studiorum–Università di Bologna) 
  Nir Oren (University of Aberdeen) 
  Wojciech Penczek (Institute of Computer Science of PAS) 
  Laurent Perrussel (IRIT - Universite de Toulouse, France) 
  Mickael Randour (F.R.S.-FNRS & UMONS - Université de Mons) 
  Anna Helena Reali Costa (Universidade de São Paulo) 
  Rasmus K. Rendsvig (University of Copenhagen) 
  Alessandro Ricci (University of Bologna) 
  Juan Antonio Rodriguez Aguilar (IIIA-CSIC) 
  Rosaldo Rossetti (University of Porto) 
  Jörg Rothe (Heinrich-Heine-Universität Düsseldorf) 
  Emilio Serrano (Universidad Politécnica de Madrid) 
  Sonja Smets (University of Amsterdam) 
  Nikolaos Spanoudakis (Technical University of Crete) 
  Sharadhi Alape Suryanarayana (Bar Ilan University) 
  Nimrod Talmon (Ben-Gurion University) 
  Paolo Turrini (University of Warwick) 
  Leon van der Torre (University of Luxembourg) 
  Wiebe van der Hoek (University of Liverpool) 
  Serena Villata (CNRS - Laboratoire d'Informatique, Signaux et Systèmes de Sophia-Antipolis) 
  George Vouros (University of Piraeus) 
  Bozena Wozna Szczesniak 
  Neil Yorke Smith (Delft University of Technology) 
  Martin Zimmermann (Aalborg University) 

 Registration  
 For the registration complete the following form    .  
   
  For the payment, you can do a bank transfer at the following bank account:  
  Account: Centro di Servizi Metrologici Avanzati (CeSMA) Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II  
  Bank: Intesa Sanpaolo SpA FILIALE NAPOLI 90-66156 VIALE AUGUSTO, 46/50  
  IBAN: IT40F0306903497100000046053  
  SWIFT/BIC: BCITITMM  
  Description: EUMAS2023 - [Full name]  
   
  Early registration 290€ (bank transfer done before 31 July) - Late registration 340€ (bank trasfer before 31 August) - On site registration (from September 1)  
  Note that, bank transfer will not be possible anymore starting September 1.    
  Social dinner 50€ (14 September - registration available until 31 August)  
  Depending on availability, additional tickets may be purchased on site at the cost of 60€    
  PhD Day registration 150€ (it includes 13-14 September) - Additional day (15 September) 140€  
   
  For each paper it is necessary to have an author registration. In addition, for each author it is possible to register only one paper.  
  
 In press  
 News article published on "I fatti di Napoli"   
  News article published on "OpificiuMagazine"   
  News article published on "87tv"   
  News article published on "La provincia online"   
  Venue  
  In the historical and unique venue of Real Museo Mineralogico    , Via Mezzocannone, 8, 80134 Napoli NA, Italia If you are not familiar yet with Naples, here are some advices you may follow to reach the venue from Train Station    or Airport    .  
   
 Social Dinner  
 The social dinner will be held at Club Nautico della Vela. For more info: https://nautico1901.it/    
   
  Sponsors (in progress)  
 Gold   

 Silver   

 Bronze   

 Contact Information  
 Aniello Murano  
 Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II  
  Dipartimento di Ingegneria Elettrica e Tecnologie dell'Informazione (DIETI)  
  Director of the Automated STrategic REASoning (ASTREA) laboratory  
  Via Claudio 21, 80125 Napoli, ITALY  
  https://people.na.infn.it/~murano     

 Vadim Malvone  
 Télécom Paris  
  Computer Science and Networks Department (INFRES)  
  Team: Autonomous and Critical Embedded Systems (ACES)  
  19 Place Marguerite Perey, 91120 Palaiseau, FRANCE  
  https://vadimmalvone.github.io     

  © 2023 EUMAS    
   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
    
 Action and Planning 
  Adaptation and Learning 
  Agent Architectures 
  Agent Programming Languages 
  Agent Development Methodologies and Tools 
  Agent-Based Simulation 
  Agent Organisations and Institutions 
  Agent-oriented Software Engineering 
  Agents and Complex Systems 
  Applications of Multi-agent Systems 
  Argumentation 
  Automated negotiation 
  Biologically inspired approaches 
  Cognitive Models 
  Collective and Swarm Intelligence 
  Collective Intentionality 
  Communication, Cooperation, and Coordination 
  Computational Social Choice 
  Economic Models 
  Electronic Commerce 
  Ethical behaviour of multi-agent systems 
  Formal Modelling 
  Game-Theoretic Methods 
  Human-Agent Interaction 
  Logics for Multi-Agent Systems 
  Logics for Strategic Reasoning 
  Negotiation 
  Self-organisation 
  Semantic Web Agents 
  Social Networks 
  Socio-technical Systems 
  Theories of Agency 
  Trust and Reputation 
  Verification 
  Virtual Agents 
  Voting and Judgment Aggregation Models for multi-agent systems