Skip links  
 Skip to primary navigation 
  Skip to content 
  Skip to footer 
   
     Home 
  Program 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Organizers 
  Venue 
  Register 
  Archive 
  Toggle menu    

 Welcome to EuroMPI'23  
 11-13 September 2023, Bristol, UK  
 In 2023, EuroMPI Conference will take place in Bristol on September 11-13, 2023. The conference will be co-located with the 19th International Workshop on OpenMP (IWOMP 2023)  that will be held on September 13-15,2023. The MPI Forum will also meet following the EuroMPI Conference.  
 The EuroMPI conference is the preeminent meeting for users, developers and researchers to interact and discuss new developments and applications of the Message Passing Interface (MPI). This includes new proposed concepts and extensions to the MPI standard, libraries and languages built on top of MPI, interfaces to other standards in parallel programming, applications and optimizations to new architectures and networks, novel algorithms, and tools, with particular focus on quality, portability, performance, and scalability. The annual meeting has a long, rich tradition, and has been held since 1994.  
 Through the presentation of contributed papers, posters and invited talks, the conference presents a complete overview of MPI, its current usage in the parallel programming landscape, and its future directions. The EuroMPI conference provides ample opportunities for attendees to interact and share ideas and experiences to contribute to the improvement and furthering of message-passing and related parallel programming paradigms.  
   
  Important Dates    
 Abstract | EXTENDED | deadline: | 8th May 2023 AoE 
  Submission | FINAL EXTENDED | deadline: | 20th May 2023 AoE 
  Paper notification: | 19th 22nd | 26th June 2023 AoE 
  Short papers and posters submission | FINAL EXTENDED | deadline: | 1st  7th July 2023 AoE 
  Short papers and posters notification: 10th July 2023 AoE 

 Register  
 Link to registration page    

 Contact  
 For queries relating to the conference, please contact julien.jaeger at cea.fr or hugo.taboada at cea.fr  
 For queries concerning research papers (submission, deadlines, publishing, etc.) please contact: emmanuelle.saillard at inria.fr or guillaume.mercier at inria.fr  
   
 Sponsors  
 Thanks to our sponsors for their contribution to the success of the event.  

 Icons made by Freepik  from www.flaticon.com