Skip to main content    Menu          Navigation   Research | Arrow | Research Index 
  Scientific Publications 
  National User Facilities 
  Collaborative Research 
  Research Organizations 
  Research Facilities 
  Research Highlights 
  Work with Us | Arrow | Available Technologies 
  Capabilities 
  Collaborative Partnerships 
  Contracts and Agreements 
  Discovery to Impact 
  Economic Impact 
  Procurement 
  Community | Arrow | Take a Tour of Argonne 
  Educational Programs 
  Office of Community Engagement 
  Argonne in Chicago 
  OutLoud Lecture Series 
  Community Round Table 
  Speakers Bureau 
  Sustainability 
  Subscribe to Argonne 
  About Us | Arrow | Our Leadership 
  Our Core Values 
  Our History 
  Our Commitment to Safety 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Awards & Recognition 
  Visiting Argonne 
   
 Careers 
  News 
  Events 
  Staff Directory 

                Argonne National Laboratory    
   
 Search    Search        

 Awards and Recognition  |  Mathematics and Computer Science  Researchers receive Best Paper Award at European MPI  users meeting  

 MCS Menu  
 MCS Division 
  About MCS | Open Sublist | Leadership 
  Our History 
  Career Opportunities 
  Staff Directory 
  For Employees 
  Awards & Recognition 
  Visiting MCS 
  Research | Open Sublist | Focus Areas 
  Research Groups 
  Projects 
  Research Highlights 
  Software 
  Centers and Institutes 
  Collaborative Research 
  Computing Resources 
  J. H. Wilkinson Prize 
  News 
  Events 
  Publications 

 Share  
 Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  X (formerly Twitter) 
  Email 

 By Gail Pieper   
  |  November 1, 2023    
    
 Hui Zhou, a principal software development specialist in the MCS  division at Argonne, was co-author of  ​ “  MPI  Application Binary Interface Standardization,” which received the Best Paper award at the EuroMPI  ​ ’  23 conference in September 2023.   

    MPI  , or the Message Passing Interface, is widely used for high-performance computing workloads. While it is standardized in terms of the C and Fortran programming languages, however, it is not implementation agnostic; and the increasing adoption of MPI  by applications written in languages other than C and Fortran has motivated the development of an application binary interface ( ABI  ).  
 The proposal presented in this award-winning paper represents recent efforts by the MPI  Forum’s ABI  working group to develop a standard ABI  for MPI  that effectively addresses this issue.  
 “  We successfully tested our prototype implementation both within MPICH  and as an independent abstraction layer,” Zhou said.  
 The researchers acknowledge that realizing the full potential of a standard ABI  will likely take some time. The ABI  must be standardized by the MPI  Forum and implemented by the major implementations such as MPICH  ; and MPI  users will have to recompile everything against the MPI  ABI  .  
 Nevertheless, Zhou and his colleagues say that they are confident that ultimately having a standard MPI  ABI  will  ​ “  significantly reduce the pain of using MPI  in a variety of contexts and will encourage greater use of MPI  in new domains.”  
 For the full paper, see J. Hammond, L. D, Dalcin, Erik Schnetter, M. PéRache, J.-B. Besnard, J. Brown, G. B. Gadeschi, S. Byrne, J. Schuchart, and H. Zhou,  ​ “  MPI  Application Binary Interface Standardization  ,” in EuroMPI  ​ ’  23: Proceedings of the 30 th  European MPI  Users’ Group Meeting, September 2023, Article No.: 1, Pages 1–12.  

 Tags:  MPI   
  
 CONTACT US   
  
 Mathematics and Computer Science General Inquiries  
 info@mcs.anl.gov    

 Related people  
 Hui Zhou    
 Principal Specialist, Research Software Engineering 
    
 Related Organizations  
 Mathematics and Computer Science 

 Argonne National Laboratory  9700 S. Cass Avenue 
  Lemont, IL 60439 
  +1-630-252-2000 | Facebook 
  Flickr 
  Instagram 
  LinkedIn 
  X (formerly Twitter) 
  YouTube 
  Footer menu  
 Connect with Us   Tour the Laboratory 
  Attend an OutLoud Lecture 
  Subscribe to Argonne 
  Find an Argonne Researcher 
  Website Feedback 
  Website Accessibility 
  Contact Us 
   Conduct Research With Us   Apply to Use Our User Facilities 
  Collaborate with Our Centers, Institutes and Programs 
  Become a Lab Technologist 
  Conduct Thesis Research 
  Apply for a Postdoc Appointment 
   Partner with Us   Secure Our Nation 
  Increase Manufacturing Competitiveness 
  Unlock Energy Storage Potential 
  Develop or License Technologies 
  Gain Entrepreneurial Support 
   Newsroom   Feature Stories 
  In the News 
  Press Releases 
  Media Contacts 

 U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science 
  Vulnerability Disclosure Program 
  Privacy & Security Notice 
  For Employees