Home Welcome 
  About EuroAsia SPI² | EuroSPI² Conferences 
  EuroAsiaSPI² App 
  Programme Commitee 
  Publishers 
  Ambassadors 
  CSR 
  Programme | Conference Programme 
  Key Notes 
  Social Events 
  Associated Tech Days 
  Workshop Communities 
  Registration And Prices 
  Submission 
  Information Center | Location 
  Accomodation 
  Travel 
  Contact 
  Download Center 
  Administration | Reviewer Login 
  PC Chair Login 
  Registration Details 
  Coordinator Page 
  Trainer Login 
    
 Home  About  — EuroSPI² Conferences  — EuroAsiaSPI² App  — Programme Commitee  — Publishers  — Ambassadors  — CSR  Programme  — Conference Programme  — Key Notes  — Social Events  — Associated Tech Days  Workshop  Registration  Submission  Download  Administration  — Reviewer Login  — PC Chair Login  — Registration Details  — Coordinator Page  — Trainer Login     

 SPI Manifesto 
  Media 
  Program Committee 
  Certification 
  Vision 

 32nd EuroSPI Conference  
 EuroSPI² 2025 (10 - 12 September 2025) will have 10 international thematic workshop streams supported by thematic topic communities and the ICSSP (International System and Software Process Association) conference will take place as a co-located partner event. Each thematic stream integrates both, research sessions and industry / applied science sessions. The thematic streams will be a mix of pitch talks provoking discussions, full presentations and panel discussions which will focus on specific questions of interest. 
  Thematic Workshop Sessions  
 EuroSPI² 2025, (10 - 12 September 2025), hosted by Riga Technical University, Riga, Latvia, will have international key notes as plenary sessions and thematic workshops integrating research and industry experience. Researchers present case studies and new research which can in future be considered by industry and in the workshops. Industry presents best practices from industry and discusses the approaches and methods with experts. The goal is to fertilize the cooperation between research and industry. Additionally we involve strategic EU projects to empower new directions and co-operations. 
  Social Events  
 We believe that networking and creating research and business relationships is important to create a sustainable community for improvement and innovation. While the conference offers ideas, presentations, discussions, knowledge during the day, the social talks after the conference are equally important to establish trust and partnerships. We also believe that Europe integrates many regions with different cultures and to build European trust based partnerships we need to learn about the culture of regions. So please join the networking space and social events. 
  Key Notes  
 Key notes are plenary sessions by key experts from industry or research. Key notes (if accepted) are used to create key statements in the EuroSPI Youtube channel. We have every year 5 key notes from leading industry and research. Please visit our key notes page and the EuroSPI Youtube channel. We also invite key industry at the EuroSPI technology day, please visit our technology day page and download the free available presentations. 
  Workshop Communities  
 The thematic workshops allow leading industry and research to attend EuroAsiaSPI not only for a conference but also for a dedicated topic based workshop/training event. These workshop are dealing with hot topics and contain key papers and interactive sessions with open discussions. Participants work with the speakers to elaborate key statements to follow up in the next years workshops. The thematic workshops will be published as separate chapters in the annual SPRINGER book in the CCIS series. 
  EuroSPI as a Hybrid Event  
 We will continue to use the advanced technology equipment and organise an onsite and online hybrid event using integrated sound, cameras and video streaming combined with technical and content moderator roles in each workshop. Since EuroSPI² 2020 we have organised this hybrid event very successfully and feedback from attendees encourage us to continue with this new approach. 
  Social Events  
 Europe has many different regional cultures and customs, and still we need to work together in the EU frameworks. Already at the start of EuroAsiaSPI² in 1994 it was decided to place the conference in a different region every year and that the local host organises social events that help us to learn about the hosting culture, the traditions, history and the local food. This has a large influence on what social events EuroAsiaSPI² offers.This year we will explore the famous Bamberger House at the entrance of the Luitpold park with classical music by price winning musicians, and a traditional Bavarian beer festival in Rosenheim. 
  EuroSPI² Target Groups  
 Join our Improvement Community to which more than 28 Nations have been contributed since 1994.  Functional safety and cybersecurity managers and engineers, quality managers, ASPICE & IATF 16949 & ISO 26262 assessors, ISO 21434 and cybersecurity assessors and experts, trainers and teachers, project managers, experienced mechatronic & system & SW engineers, architects, researchers, consultants, innovation & business & improvement managers, process engineers, test managers, gamification designers, automotive & medical device & aerospace & IT industry, .. 
  EuroSPI Publishers  
 SPRINGER publishes a book series with EuroSPI since 2003 and there were more than 1,2 million chapter downloads so far. The latest SPRINGER online-book and seperate chapter downloads are available now! .WILEY publishes an annual EuroSPI volume with 10 selected experience papers in the Wiley Journal of SW Evolution and Process Series. For the 20th anniversary, in 2013, Wiley has created an entry page for EuroSPI as a library. Cooperating Journals publish extended versions of papers. . 
  EuroSPI Award by SPRINGER Nature  
 SPRINGER  publishes a book series with EuroSPI since 2003 and there were more than 900000 (neraly a million) chapter downloads so far. The latest SPRINGER online-book and seperate chapter downloads are available now! .SPRINGER writes for the EuroSPI 2018 book: Your book is helping solve the world’s greatest challenges. EuroSPI 2018,Bilbao, Spain, September 5-7, 2018, Proceedings is among the top used publications on SpringerLink that concern one or more of the UnitedNations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  . 
  ›   ‹     
 1 
  2 
  3 
  4 
  5 
  6 
  7 
  8 
  9 
  10 

 Newsflash    
 The EuroSPI 2025 Paper Submission Deadline:  11 April 2025 
  Early  Registration till 1st August 2025 
  Late  Registration from 9th September 2025 
  Conference  TechDay 8th September and Conference 10 - 12 September 2025, Riga, Latvia, Onsite and Online Hybrid Event! 
  ›   ‹     

 Conference Program  
 10 international thematic streams in 3 days addressing hot topics 
  Research and Industry combined in each thematic stream 
  international key notes 
  50+ pitches or presentations from leading industry and leading research institutes 
  Social Events in Munich, Germany 
  Read More   

 Registration  
 You can participate online and onsite, online participation has a reduced fee. 
  You may book one day, two days or all 3 days and select the preferred workshop streams of the day. 
  The registration includes proceedings, coffee breaks, lunch, and social event. 
  Pay with Mastercard, VISA and Paypal. 
  Don't miss early registration! 
  Go to Registration   

 Paper Submission  
 Research papers  and Thematic Industry/Applied Science  papers shall be 8-12 pages, and address the topics in the call. Extended papers will be invited for submission to cooperating journals. WILEY Journal of Software: Evolution and Process (Best Practices), IET Software (Gamification), JUCS (Cybersecurity).  
 Read More   

 Location  
 Hochschule München ( https://www.hm.edu/  )  
  Lotstraße 64  
  (Room Plan will be announced)   
  80335 München  
  Germany  

 Read More   

 Call for Research and Thematic Papers (Workshop Papers)  

 EuroSPI² 2024 (4 - 6 September 2024) will have 10 international thematic workshop streams supported by thematic topic communities. Each thematic stream integrates both, research sessions and industry / applied science sessions. The thematic streams will be a mix of pitch talks provoking discussions, full presentations and panel discussions which will focus on specific questions of interest. This year you can also submit papers to the partnering co-event of ICSSP  .  
 For the CALL FOR PAPERS  click here...   
 For the PAPER SUBMISSION  page click here...   
 Remember the Submission DEADLINE: 22 March 2024!   

 EuroSPI Publishers  

 SPRINGER  publishes a book series with EuroSPI since 2003 and there were more than 676000 downloads so far. The latest SPRINGER online-book  is available here!  
  WILEY  publishes an annual EuroSPI volume with 10 selected experience papers in the Wiley Journal of SW Evolution and Process Series. For the 20th anniversary, in 2013, Wiley has created an entry page for EuroSPI as a library.   
 Extended papers can be submitted to cooperating journals, with a separate call at the web site.  
 read more...   

 EUROSPI Social Media & Networking  

 EuroSPI has a tradition of social events which introduce attendees to the history, culture and food of the region hosting the event. Impressions, videos and photos of the last years can be viewed on our website and on YouTube.  
 Click here to view last years photos.    
 YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIQfOm8-ycv8gY2BuuhKDMQ/    
 Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/eurospi/    

  Top Reasons for Attending EuroPI² 2024  

 1  
 Published Papers   
 If accepted, your paper will be published in the Springer CCIS Series  (research papers and industry / applied science papers). Selected extended papers will be published in the Wiley Journal of Software: Evolution and Process Series  (selected experience papers). Further extended papers will be invited to cooperating journals  .  
  
 2  
 Highly Recognized Key Notes   
 Hot topics like future quality initiatives and global development strategies are discussed with highly recognized key notes.  
  
 3  
 Paper Awards   
 Together with the LERO (Irish SW research center) a Prof. Rory O Connor best paper award is given annually, with a price of 500 Euro. Together with the ASQ (American Socienty of Quality) a best paper award is given.  
  
 4  
 Networking Opportunities   
 EuroSPI² attracts both the research and the industry community and offers a networking opportunity where researcher meet industry and vice versa. This facilitates the implementation of new ideas.  
  
 5  
 Present, Discuss and Publish   
 EuroSPI² opens you a chance to present, discuss and publish new approaches for process improvement and innovation.  
  
 6  
 Business & Research Partners Gathering   
 You can meet business and research partners in an open social space at the EuroSPI² social event.  
  
 7  
 INTACS and VDA Recognized Event   
 INTACS and the German Automotive Association (VDA) recognize conference participation for the collection of experience evidences for ISO 15504 Assessors.  

 Join us via Youtube    Join us via LinkedIn      

 Publishers  

 Topics  
   
 Emerging New Approaches to SW Engineering -   
 E-Mobility & Digitilisation -   
 SPI Manifesto - Functional Safety - Cybersecurity -   
 Agile & Lean - Standards & Assessments -   
 Team Skills and Diversity - Innovation -   
 Virtual & Augmented Reality - Medical Big Data, IT Systems, and Standards -   
 New Ideas and Proposals   

 Location  

 Hochschule München, München, Germany  

 Contact Us!  
   
 EuroSPI Certificates & Services GesmbH   
  EuroAsiaSPI² 2024 Registration Office  
  Email: rmess@iscn.com    
  Karl-Morre-Straße 86/6  
  8020 Graz  
  AUSTRIA  
 Local contact information     

 © 2024 EuroSPI GmbH