EUROPEAN SOCIETY FOR FUZZY LOGIC AND TECHNOLOGY  
  Facebook 
    
 EUSFLAT  is a non-profit European society devoted to promote and disseminate the methods, techniques and developments of Fuzzy Logic and related technologies. Founded in 1999, EUSFLAT encourages the scientific communication and collaboration among its members, organizing, promoting and sponsoring conferences workshops and seminars. Indeed, the biannual EUSFLAT conferences bring together researchers in Fuzzy Logic and related technologies from all over the world. The society advises associates and companies on subjects regarding Fuzzy Logic and it is a member of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA) representing the European researchers at the IFSA council.  

  OFFICIAL DECLARATION FROM EUSFLAT   
   
  We express our solidarity with people of Ukraine and all other people suffering from war, violence, and oppression. In the words of Martin Luther King Jr., "let peace and justice roll down like a mighty stream."  

   Endorsed Events Calendar  
 All the members receive automatically info about endorsed conferences, news from the field and other pro tips.  

   Membership  
 Become a member of the community or renew your old membership in order to obtain reduced conferences fee and many others benefits!  

   Research Centre  
 The concept of the EUSFLAT Research Centre aims at centres that are focused on fuzzy logic and related technologies and that are strongly engaged in EUSFLAT activities.  

   Summer School  
 We are regularly organizing summer school on fuzzy logic and application for our members. Enjoy lectures given by the most-qualified experts in the area!  

   Renew your membership  
 EUSFLAT 2024 Membership costs only 40EUR (20EUR for students). Do not lose your chance do not waste your money. Become a member.  
 More 
   
   SFLA 2024  
 The shool will be hold in a nice historical city - Toledo, Spain. The school will be organized by ORETO research group: Applied Intelligent Systems, Castilla-La Mancha University, Spain.  
 More 

 Society | Mission and board 
  Bylaws 
  Guidelines 
  Assemblies 
  Working groups 
  Eusflat Research Centre 
  Agreements 
  Membership | Membership 
  Students grants programme 
  Scientific Excellence Award 
  Best PhD Thesis Award 
  Best Student Paper Award 
  Honorary Members 
  Publications | Mathware and Soft Computing 
  ASUM Proceedings 
  IJCIS 
  MDPI 
  EUSFLAT Proceedings 
  Events | Conference network 
  Eusflat events 
  Summer school 
  Members Area 
   
 Short news  
   Susana Montes was reelected as president of EUSFLAT for the 2023-2025 term.  
  
   EUSFLAT 2023 was held in Palma, Spain, gathering 203 participants.  

  © EUSFLAT.  
  Design: HTML5 UP  .  
  
   Member of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA).