Home 
  Search Events 
  Add Event 
  Advertise 
  Blog 
  Subscription 
  Contact Us 

    Menu  
 Home 
  Search Events 
  Add Event 
  Advertise 
  Blog 
  Subscription 
  Contact Us 

 Home   Event   12th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Music, Sound, Art and Design 2023 (EvoMUSART)  

  In-Person   

 Social Sciences and Humanities  Engineering and Technology    
   
 12th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Music, Sound, Art and Design 2023 (EvoMUSART)  
   
  April 12, 2023    
  Conference    
  Czech Republic    
   
  Tiago Martins   

 Visit Website    
  Start Date   
   
 Wednesday, 12 Apr 2023   

  End Date   
   
 Friday, 14 Apr 2023   

  Event Holding type   
   
  In-Person   

  Event type   
   
 Conference    

  Location   
   
 Czech Republic , Brno    

  Venue   
   
 Brno University of Technology    

  Like Event    Report Event     

 Description   
 The 12th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Music, Sound, Art and Design (EvoMUSART) 2023 is a multidisciplinary conference that brings together researchers who are working on the application of Artificial Intelligence techniques in creative and artist fields.  
 There is a growing interest in the application of Artificial Neural Networks, Evolutionary Computation, Swarm Intelligence, Cellular Automata, Alife, and other Artificial Intelligence techniques in fields such as: visual art and music generation, analysis, and interpretation; sound synthesis; architecture; video; poetry; design; and other creative tasks. Therefore, the use of Artificial Intelligence in such creative domains became a significant and exciting area of research. EvoMUSART provides the opportunity to present, discuss and promote innovative contributions and ongoing work in the area.  
 Following the success of previous events and the importance of the field of Artificial Intelligence applied to music, sound, art and design, EvoMUSART has become an evo* conference with independent proceedings since 2012. The EvoMUSART proceedings have been published in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS).  

 Reviews   
 0 Comments  
 Write a Comment Cancel reply    
 Your email address will not be published.  Required fields are marked *    
 Comment*     
 Name*     
 Email*     
  Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.   

 Δ     

 Tags   

  Report This Event  
 Title     
 Text    

 Submit    

 Let's Start   
 Subscribe our newsletter to receive updates   
   
 Subscribe    

  Conference2go, helps researchers and scientists to find, prepare and attend the best conferences and workshops in the greatest locations all around the world. 
  Follow Us 

 Promote Events | Search Events 
  About Us 
  Advertise 
  Blog 
  Contact Us 
  Privacy Policy 
  Join the Conference2Go Community – It’s Free! 

 Useful Links | Education Conferences 
  Management Conferences 
  Business Conferences 
  Teaching and Learning Conferences 
  Women’s Studies Conferences 
  Environment Conferences 
  Social Sciences Conferences 

 Useful Links | Psychology Conferences 
  Gender Studies Conferences 
  Literature Conferences 
  Engineering Conferences 
  Architecture Conferences 
  Agriculture Conferences 
  Energy Conferences 
  Nanotechnology Conferences 

 © 2024 Conference2go   

  Insert/edit link  
 Close   Enter the destination URL  
 URL      
 Link Text      
   Open link in a new tab    
   
 Or link to existing content  
 Search       

 No search term specified. Showing recent items.  Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.    

 Cancel