Skip to main content      

 Toggle navigation     
 About | About Evostar 
  Organizers 
  The EvoStar Code 
  Awards 
  Previous events 
  Contact us 
  Calls | EuroGP 
  EvoAPPS | Analysis of Evolutionary Computation Methods: Theory, Empirics, and Real-World Applications 
  Applications of Bioinspired techniques on Social Networks 
  Computational Intelligence for Sustainability 
  Evolutionary Computation in Edge, Fog, and Cloud Computing 
  Evolutionary Computation in Image Analysis, Signal Processing and Pattern Recognition 
  Machine Learning and AI in Digital Healthcare and Personalized Medicine 
  Resilient Bio-Inspired Algorithms 
  Soft Computing Applied to Games 
  Surrogate-Assisted Evolutionary Optimisation 
  EvoCOP 
  EvoMUSART 
  Joint Track on Evolutionary Machine Learning 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Submit | Submit Paper 
  Camera-Ready Paper 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Important Dates 
  Programme | Programme 
  Invited Speakers 
  Accepted contributions | EuroGP Accepted Papers 
  EvoAPPS Accepted Papers 
  EvoCOP Accepted Papers 
  EvoMUSART Accepted Papers 
  Evolutionary Machine Learning Accepted Papers 
  Best paper nominations | EuroGP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoAPPs Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoCOP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoMUSART Best Paper Nominees 
  Participants | Registration 
  Preparing your online poster 
  Instructions for presenters 
  Online Poster Session (in Gather) 
  Students | Student Welcome Reception 
  Student Workshop 
  The Great EvoStar Scavenger Hunt 2023 
  EvoStar Outstanding Students 
  Outstanding Students of 2023 
  Local information | About Brno 
  Venue 
  Travel Information 
  Accomodation 

   The 12th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Music, Sound, Art and Design (EvoMUSART) 2023 is a multidisciplinary conference that brings together researchers who are working on the application of Artificial Intelligence techniques in creative and artist fields.  
 There is a growing interest in the application of Artificial Neural Networks, Evolutionary Computation, Swarm Intelligence, Cellular Automata, Alife, and other Artificial Intelligence techniques in fields such as: visual art and music generation, analysis, and interpretation; sound synthesis; architecture; video; poetry; design; and other creative tasks. Therefore, the use of Artificial Intelligence in such creative domains became a significant and exciting area of research. EvoMUSART provides the opportunity to present, discuss and promote innovative contributions and ongoing work in the area.  
 Following the success of previous events and the importance of the field of Artificial Intelligence applied to music, sound, art and design, EvoMUSART has become an evo* conference with independent proceedings since 2012. The EvoMUSART proceedings  have been published in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS).  
 Download the CFP in PDF  .  
 NEW:   The proceedings of EvoMUSART 2023 are available following this link  .  
 Conference Chairs  
 Colin Johnson | University of Nottingham, United Kingdom | Colin.Johnson(at)nottingham.ac.uk 
  Nereida Rodríguez-Fernández | University of A Coruña, Spain | nereida.rodriguezf(at)udc.es 
  Publication Chair  
 Sérgio Rebelo | University of Coimbra, Portugal | srebelo(at)dei.uc.pt 
  Areas of Interest and Contributions   
 Submissions should concern the use of Artificial Intelligence techniques ( e.g.  Evolutionary Computation, Artificial Neural Networks, Artificial Life, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Swarm Intelligence) in the generation, analysis and interpretation of art, music, design, architecture and other creative and artistic fields. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Generation   
 Systems that create drawings, images, animations, sculptures, poetry, text, designs, webpages, buildings, | etc. | ; 
  Systems that create musical pieces, sounds, instruments, voices, sound effects, sound analysis, | etc. | ; 
  Systems that create artefacts such as game content, architecture, furniture, based on aesthetic and functional criteria; 
  Robotic-based Evolutionary Art and Music; 
  Other related artificial intelligence or generative techniques in the fields of Computer Music, Computer Art, | etc. 
  Automation   
 Techniques for automatic fitness assignment; 
  Systems in which an analysis or interpretation of the artworks is used in conjunction with artificial intelligence techniques to produce novel objects; 
  Systems that resort to artificial intelligence approaches to perform the analysis of image, music, sound, sculpture, or some other types of artistic object or resource. 
  Computer Aided Creativity and Computational Creativity   
 Systems in which artificial intelligence is used to promote the creativity of a human user; 
  New ways of integrating the user in the evolutionary cycle; 
  Analysis and evaluation of: the artistic potential of biologically inspired art and music; the artistic processes inherent to these approaches; the resulting artefacts; 
  Collaborative distributed artificial art environments. 
  Theory   
 Computational Aesthetics, Experimental Aesthetics; Emotional Response, Surprise, Novelty; 
  Representation techniques; 
  Surveys of the current state-of-the-art in the area; identification of weaknesses and strengths; comparative analysis and classification; 
  Validation methodologies; 
  Studies on the applicability of these techniques to related areas; 
  New models designed to promote the creative potential of biologically inspired computation. 
  EvoMUSART Index  
 The EvoMUSART Index  gathers the information on all EvoMUSART papers since 2003. The idea is to bring together all the publications in a handy web page that allows the visitors to navigate through all papers, best papers, authors, keywords, and years of the conference while providing quick access to Springer’s web page links. Feel free to explore, search and bookmark this web page.  
 Submission Details  
 Accepted papers will be presented orally or as posters at the event and included in the evo* proceedings, published by Springer Nature in a dedicated volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Submissions will be rigorously reviewed for scientific and artistic merit. Submitters are strongly encouraged to provide in all papers a link for download of media demonstrating their results, whether music, images, video, or other media types. The reviewing process will be double-blind  , so please omit information about the authors in the submitted paper and anonymise links for double-blind review. Submissions must be at most 16 A4 pages long, in Springer LNCS format  .  
 Paper limit:  16 pages  
 Submission link  : https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=evo2023   
 The authors of accepted papers will have to improve their papers based on the reviewers’ comments and will be asked to send a camera-ready version of their manuscripts (notifications will be sent on 18 January, 2023  and the camera-ready deadline will be on 1 February, 2023  ). At least one author of each accepted work has to register for the conference no later than 27 February 2023  , attend the conference and present the work. The acceptance rate at EvoMUSART 2022 was 41% for papers accepted for long talks and 11% for short talks.  
 Programme Committee  
 Mauro Annunziato  , ENEA  
  Peter Bentley  , University College London  
  Gilberto Bernardes  , University of Porto  
  Ulysses Bernardet  , Aston University  
  Daniel Bisig  , Zurich University of the Arts  
  Tim Blackwell  , Goldsmiths, University of London  
  Jean-Pierre Briot  , Sorbonne University & Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro  
  Andrew Brown  , Griffith University  
  Marcelo Caetano  , McGill University  
  Amilcar Cardoso  , University of Coimbra  
  Luz Castro Pena  , University of A Coruña  
  Vic Ciesielski  , RMIT University  
  Simon Colton  , Queen Mary University of London  
  Michael Cook  , Falmouth University  
  João Correia  , University of Coimbra  
  Pedro M. Cruz  , Northeastern University  
  Camilo Cruz Gambardella  , Monash University  
  João Miguel Cunha  , University of Coimbra  
  Hans Dehlinger  , University of Kassel  
  Georgios Diapoulis  , Chalmers University of Technology  
  Edward Easton  , Aston University  
  Arne Eigenfeldt  , Simon Fraser University  
  Frederic Fol Leymarie  , Goldsmiths, University of London  
  José Fornari  , University of Campinas  
  Philip Galanter  , Texas A&M University  
  Björn Gambäck  , Norwegian University of Science and Technology  
  Pablo Gervás  , Universidad Complutense de Madrid  
  Carlos Grilo  , Polytechnic of Leiria  
  Andrew Horner  , The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  
  Takashi Ikegami  , University of Tokyo  
  Anna Jordanous  , University of Kent  
  Man Hei Law  , The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  
  Carlos León  , Universidad Complutense de Madrid  
  John P. Lewis  , Weta Digital, Victoria University  
  Matthew Lewis  , Ohio State University  
  Antonios Liapis  , University of Malta  
  Alain Lioret  , Paris Diderot University  
  Roisin Loughran  , University College Dublin  
  Penousal Machado  , University of Coimbra  
  Bill Manaris  , College of Charleston  
  Tiago Martins  , University of Coimbra  
  Jon McCormack  , Monash University  
  Rolando Miragaia  , Polytechnic of Leiria  
  Eduardo Miranda  , University of Plymouth  
  Nicolas Monmarché  , University François Rabelais of Tours  
  María Navarro  , University of Salamanca  
  Aneta Neumann  , University of Adelaide  
  Michael O’Neill  , University College Dublin  
  Somnuk Phon-Amnuaisuk  , Universiti Teknologi Brunei  
  Jane Prophet  , University of Michigan  
  Brian Ross  , Brock University  
  Jonathan E. Rowe  , University of Birmingham  
  Antonino Santos  , University of A Coruña  
  Iria Santos  , University of A Coruña  
  Marco Scirea  , University of Southern Denmark  
  Daniel Silva  , University of Porto  
  Luis Teixeira  , Fraunhofer AICOS  
  Stephen Todd  , Goldsmiths, University of London  
  Paulo Urbano  , University of Lisbon  
  Anna Ursyn  , University of Northern Colorado  
  Igor Vatolkin  , TU Dortmund University  
  Sebastian von Mammen  , Julius-Maximilians University Würzburg  

 Search for:        
   
 Important Dates  
 EvoApps Special Session Proposals   
  9 September 2022 AoE   
 Submission deadline   
  16 November 2022 AoE (extended)    
 Notification to authors   
  18 January 2023   
 Camera-ready submission   
  1 February 2023   
 Author’s mandatory registration   
  27 February 2023   
 Early registration deadline   
  1 March 2023   
 Late-Breaking Abstracts submission   
  2 April 2023   
 EvoStar Conference  
   12-14 April 2023  

 news  
 If you are presenting a poster online in Gather, please read the details | here | . 
  Evostar Speakers, please carefully read our | Instructions for Presenters | . 
  The programme is available | here | . 
  The instructions for poster preparation are now available | here | . 
  The registration fees and dates for online and onsite participants are now published at the | registration page | . 
  Welcome to the Evostar 2023 webpage!!! 

 Recent tweets  
 Tweets by EvostarConf    
  
 Social  
 Twitter 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 

 Evostar is organized by:  

  Evostar is published by:  

 © evostar 2021  
   
 Banner photo by Ignat Arapov - CC-BY   
   
 -