ETAPS 2025 | Call for Papers 
  Satellite Events 
  Programme 
  Invited Speakers 
  ESOP 2025 
  FASE 2025 
  FoSSaCS 2025 
  TACAS 2025 
  Industry Day 
  Organizers 
  About | About ETAPS 
  ETAPS Association 
  Steering Committee 
  Sustainability 
  ESOP 
  FASE 
  FoSSaCS 
  TACAS 
  Proceedings 
  ETAPS-F 
  FoPSS Schools 
  Policies 
  Disclaimer 
  Awards | Best Paper 
  Test of Time 
  Doctoral Dissertation 
  Test-of-Time Tool 
  Lifetime 
  Past Editions 
  ETAPS Blog 
  Future Editions | ETAPS 2026 
  Log in | Join us 
   
 Log in | Join us      

 FASE  Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering  
 FASE is an established series of international conferences on Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering with more than 30 years of tradition.   
   
 Conference Name and History  
 FASE has assumed its current name and format in 1998, when the ETAPS conferences have been created.  
   
 The first FASE was held in Lisbon, chaired by professor Egidio Astesiano at ETAPS 1998. However, FASE is older than ETAPS. The acronym FASE was first used in 1993 but with a different meaning than today. FASE builds on the traditions of Colloquim on Software Engineering  (CSE), of the Advanced Seminar on Foundations of Innovative Software Development  , and the Colloquium on Formal Approaches of Software Engineering  (FASE!) organized as part of the TAPSOFT brand until 1997. The European Association of Software Science and Technology (EASST) was the driving force behind creating and developing FASE.  

 Scope of Interest  
 FASE has a broad scope of interest.  
   
 As the field of the Software Engineering is broad, the scope of FASE is broad as well, including requirements, design architecture, modeling, refactoring, software transformation, generation and synthesis, test verification, validation, development methods and processes (agile), and so on. Thanks to its origins FASE has been traditionally focused primarily on formal models and methods, often involving reasoning about code, design, and the associated processes. However, these are not the only topics of interest. Agile methods, object-orientation search-based software engineering have been discussed in the past. Crucially, the letter “F” in FASE stands for “fundamental” not formal, and all research asking basic foundational questions about developing software is welcomed.  
 FASE is strongly affected by new developments in the technical landscape: AI and machine learning, security, block chain, quantum computing. FASE will continue to shift its interest along with the needs of the society and the interests of the research community. Wherever we go, we will continue asking what are the principles of developing systems in these areas, and what techniques help to reason about them, supporting new engineering methods and tools.  

 25 Anniversary Celebration  
 In 2022, FASE celebrated its 25 anniversary. Watch the talk of Gabriele Taentzer and Eduard Kamburjan about the conference history!  
   
  Sorry, your browser does not support the video tag.    
   
 Links  
   
 For more details please visit the current conference | website | . 
  For the past proceedings of FASE visit | this page | . 
  For the past proceedings of TAPSOFT visit | this page | . 
  Follow FASE on Twitter 

 Steering Committee  
   
 Reiner Hähnle | – chair (TU Darmstadt, Germany) 
  Dirk Beyer | (Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Germany) 
  Artur Boronat | (University Leicester) 
  Ana Cavalcanti | (University of York, UK) 
  Gordon Fraser | (University Passau) 
  Reiko Heckel | (University of Leicester, UK) 
  Marie-Christine Jakobs | (Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Germany)—deputy chair 
  Einar Broch Johnsen | (University of Oslo, Norway) 
  Leen Lambers | (BTU Cottbus-Senftenberg, Germany) 
  Tiziana Margaria | (University of Limerick, Ireland) 
  Gabriele Taentzer | (Philipps-Universität Marburg, Germany) 
  Sebastian Uchitel | (Universidad de Buenos Aires and Imperial College London) 
  Andrzej Wąsowski | (IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark) 
  Heike Wehrheim | (University of Oldenburg, Germany) 
  Manuel Wimmer | (Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria) 

   ETAPS International Joint Conferences On Theory & Practice Of Software  
   
 ETAPS Association     
   
 Internal     
   
 Responsible for these web pages:  
   
  Jan Kofroň  
  Faculty of Mathematics and Physics  
  Charles University, Czech Republic  
  E-mail: firstname.lastname [at] d3s.mff.cuni.cz  
  Phone: +420 951 554 285  

 ETAPS Policies  |  Disclaimer    
 © 2022–2024 ETAPS Association. All rights reserved.