usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

 USENIX supports diversity, equity, and inclusion and condemns hate and discrimination  .  

   Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
    Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Activities 
    Poster Session and Reception 
  Work-in-Progress Reports (WiPs) 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Double-Blind Guidance 
  Author Response Advice 
    Call for Posters and WiPs 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Past Conferences 
  Conference Organizers 
    Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  21st USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies  
   
 February 21–23, 2023   

 Santa Clara, CA, USA   

 Sponsored by USENIX in cooperation with ACM SIGOPS   

   Thanks to those who joined us for the 21st USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST '23). We hope you enjoyed the event.  
 FAST brings together storage-system researchers and practitioners to explore new directions in the design, implementation, evaluation, and deployment of storage systems.  
 As part of our commitment to open access to research, the full proceedings and presentation slides are free and open to the public on the technical sessions page  . Videos are posted within a few weeks of the end of the event.  

 Registration Information  
 Early Bird Registration Deadline: Monday, February 6, 2023.   
 See the Registration Information page  for details.  
 Authors and Speakers  
 Please contact the Conference Department  for registration information.  
 Discounts  
 In addition to our member discounts  , USENIX offers several discounts  to help you to attend FAST '23.  
 Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  
 Please review USENIX's Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  prior to registering for the event. We appreciate your willingness to help safeguard your fellow event attendees and respect their personal safety choices.  

 USENIX Conference Policies  
 We encourage you to learn more about USENIX's values  and how we put them into practice at our conferences.  
 Accessibility Requests  
 USENIX is committed to ensuring that our meetings are fully accessible to all attendees. Visit our Accessibility information page  to find out about options and how to make a request. To ensure that we meet your needs, please make your request by Friday, February 3, 2023  . We cannot guarantee that we can meet requests received after this date, although we will make every reasonable effort to do so.  
 Refunds and Cancellations  
 The cancellation deadline is Monday, February 13, 2023  . Please review the USENIX Registration Substitution and Cancellation Policy  for more information.  

 Venue  
 Hyatt Regency Santa Clara   
  5101 Great America Parkway  
  Santa Clara, CA, 95054  
  USA  
  +1 408.200.1234  
  +1 800.397.3342  
 Hotel Discount Deadline: Monday, February 6, 2023   
 Special Attendee Room Rate  
 USENIX has negotiated a special conference attendee room rate of US$314 plus tax for single/double occupancy, including in-room wireless internet. To receive this rate, book your room online  or call the hotel and mention USENIX or FAST '23.  
 The group rate is available until February 6, 2023,  or until the block sells out, whichever occurs first. After this date, contact the hotel directly to inquire about room availability.  
 Parking  
 Daily parking is available for $25/day. See the hotel's website for additional parking information and rates  .  

 About FAST '23  
 Conference Policies   
  Code of Conduct   
  View Past Conferences   

 Questions?  
 Review our Conference FAQs  , and send direct queries via email:  
 Registration: conference@usenix.org   
  Membership: membership@usenix.org   
  Sponsorship: sponsorship@usenix.org   
  Student Grants: students@usenix.org   
  Proceedings Papers: production@usenix.org   

 Conference Organizers  

 Ashvin Goel   
 University of Toronto   
 Program Co-Chair   

 Dalit Naor   
 The Academic College of Tel Aviv–Yaffo   
 Program Co-Chair   

 Program Committee   
 Nitin Agrawal, Google    

 Deniz Altinbüken, Google Research    

 Lakshmi N. Bairavasundaram, VMware, Inc.    

 Randal Burns, Johns Hopkins University    

 Ali R. Butt, Virginia Tech    

 Rong Chen, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Sangyeun Cho, Samsung Electronics Co.    

 Young-ri Choi, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology)​    

 Alex Conway, VMware Research    

 Peter Desnoyers, Northeastern University and Red Hat    

 Yu Hua, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Sudarsun Kannan, Rutgers University    

 Sanidhya Kashyap, EPFL    

 Kimberly Keeton, Google    

 Geoff Kuenning, Harvey Mudd College    

 Patrick P. C. Lee, The Chinese University of Hong Kong    

 Youyou Lu, Tsinghua University    

 Xiaosong Ma, Qatar Computer Research Institute, HBKU    

 Peter Macko, MongoDB    

 Ethan Miller, University of California, Santa Cruz, and Pure Storage    

 Hyungon Moon, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology)    

 Adam Morrison, Tel Aviv University    

 Beomseok Nam, Sungkyunkwan University (SKKU)    

 Sam H. Noh, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology) and Virginia Tech    

 Raju Rangaswami, Florida International University    

 Rob Ross, Argonne National Laboratory    

 Jiri Schindler, Tranquil Data    

 Philip Shilane, Dell Technologies    

 Liuba Shrira, Brandeis University    

 Keith A. Smith, MongoDB    

 Haris Volos, University of Cyprus    

 Carl Waldspurger, Carl Waldspurger Consulting    

 Avani Wildani, Emory University    

 Youjip Won, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Gala Yadgar, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology    

 Work-in-Progress/Posters Co-Chairs   
 Ram Alagappan, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Aishwarya Ganesan, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Test of Time Awards Committee   
 Nitin Agrawal, Google    

 Jiri Schindler, Tranquil Data    

 Steering Committee   
 Nitin Agrawal, Google    

 Marcos K. Aguilera, VMware Research    

 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    

 Dean Hildebrand, Google    

 Kimberly Keeton, Google    

 Geoff Kuenning, Harvey Mudd College    

 Arif Merchant, Google    

 Sam H. Noh, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology) and Virginia Tech    

 Don Porter, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill    

 Raju Rangaswami, Florida International University    

 Erik Riedel   

 Jiri Schindler, Tranquil Data    

 Bianca Schroeder, University of Toronto    

 Keith A. Smith, MongoDB    

 Eno Thereska, Alcion    

 Carl Waldspurger, Carl Waldspurger Consulting    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University    

 Brent Welch, Google    

 Ric Wheeler, Facebook    

 Gala Yadgar, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology    

 Erez Zadok, Stony Brook University    

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsor  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Open Access Sponsor  

 Media Sponsor  

 Conference Sponsorship  
 Become a Sponsor:  Sponsorship exposes your brand to highly qualified attendees, funds our grants program, supports open access to our conference content, and keeps USENIX conferences affordable. USENIX is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that relies on sponsor support to fulfill its mission. To learn more, please contact the Sponsorship Department  with the conference name in your subject line.  
 The acceptance of any organization as a sponsor does not imply explicit or implicit approval by USENIX of the donor organization’s values or actions. In addition, sponsorship does not provide any control over conference program content. Questions? Contact the Sponsorship Department  .  

 Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
  Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Activities 
  Poster Session and Reception 
  Work-in-Progress Reports (WiPs) 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Double-Blind Guidance 
  Author Response Advice 
  Call for Posters and WiPs 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Past Conferences 
  Conference Organizers 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  Twitter    Facebook    Youtube     

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024