Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2023 International Workshops | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menu   Disciplines Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automotive    Business IT + Informatics    Construction + Real Estate    Electrical Engineering + Electronics    Energy + Sustainability    Insurance + Risk    Finance + Banking    Management + Leadership    Marketing + Sales    Mechanical Engineering + Materials      
   
 Events       
   
 DE    EN     

 Books       
   
 Journals       
   
 Topic Page Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Marketing      

 Start single access now       
   
 Access for companies       

 Springer Professional     
   
   Search   Enter your search terms       Search     
  
 EXTENDED SEARCH      

  Log in      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT NEEDED    
 Please enable JavaScript on your browser, so that you can use all features of this website.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER IS NO LONGER SUPPORTED    
 Your version of Internet Explorer is no longer supported by this system. Please install one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome or Firefox   

 Top    

 2024 | Book  

 Read chapter  Read first chapter     
   
 Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2023 International Workshops  
 Voting, CoDecFin, DeFi, WTSC, Bol, Brač, Croatia, May 5, 2023, Revised Selected Papers  
 Editors: Aleksander Essex, Shin'ichiro Matsuo, Oksana Kulyk, Lewis Gudgeon, Ariah Klages-Mundt, Daniel Perez, Sam Werner, Andrea Bracciali, Geoff Goodell   
   
 Publisher: Springer Nature Switzerland    
 Book Series : Lecture Notes in Computer Science    
 Part of: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Table of Contents    

      Search      
 insite    
 SEARCH    

 About this book  
 ​This book constitutes the revised selected papers from the workshops affiliated with the 27th International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security, FC 2023, which took place in Bol, Brač, Croatia, in May 2023. The 7 full papers presented in this book were carefully reviewed and selected from 18 submissions. They stem from the following workshops:CoDecFin 2022: 3rd Workshop on Coordination of Decentralized Finance  
  DeFi 2022: 2nd Workshop on Decentralized FinanceVoting 2022: 7th Workshop on Advances in Secure Electronic VotingWTSC 2022: 6th Workshop on Trusted Smart Contracts  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Login for updating and creating your alerts.  

 Advertisement   

 Table of Contents  
   
 Frontmatter  
  
 Voting  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Belenios with Cast as Intended  
  We propose the BeleniosCaI protocol, a variant of Belenios which brings the cast-as-inended property, in addition to other existing security properties. Our approach is based on a 2-part checksum that the voting device commits to, before being challenged to reveal one of them chosen at random by the voter. It requires only one device on the voter’s side and does not rely on previously sent data like with return codes. Compared to the classical Benaloh audit-or-cast approach, we still have cast-as-intended with only some probability, but the voter’s journey is more linear, and the audited ballot is really the one that is cast. We formally prove the security of BeleniosCaI w.r.t. end-to-end verifiability and privacy in a symbolic model, using the ProVerif tool.  
   
 Véronique Cortier, Alexandre Debant, Pierrick Gaudry, Stéphane Glondu   

 On the Auditability of the Estonian IVXV System  
  And an Attack on Individual Verifiability   
 The development and auditing processes around electronic voting implementations are much too often deficient; this is particularly true for the measures taken to prevent cryptographic errors – potentially with grave consequences for security. To mitigate this, it is common to make the code public in order to allow independent experts to help uncover such flaws.In this paper we present our experiences looking at the IVXV system used for municipal and national elections in Estonia as well as European parliament elections. It appears that, despite the code being public for over five years, the cryptographic protocol has not seen much scrutiny at the code level. We describe in detail the (lack of) auditability and incentives which have contributed to this situation. We also present a previously unknown vulnerability which contradicts the claimed individual verifiability of the system; this vulnerability should be patched in the next version of IVXV system.  
   
 Anggrio Sutopo, Thomas Haines, Peter Roenne   

 Coercion-Resistant Cast-as-Intended Verifiability for Computationally Limited Voters  
  In this work, we investigate if two essential properties in electronic voting, coercion-resistance and cast-as-intended verifiability, can be jointly achieved in settings where voters are (very) limited from a computational point of view. This may be the case in elections where voters use a voting station or webpage to cast their votes but do not have specialized software or devices to perform complicated cryptographic operations (for instance, to verify zero-knowledge proofs or to generate one-way trapdoors).We provide a solution where the only things voters have to do are: remember and compare strings of numbers, on the one hand, and press a button at the appropriate moment, on the other hand. This button activates the participation of an online entity, which is trusted to choose a random nonce for each voter and to publish it only when that voter presses the button (and not before). The most expensive part of the verification is an OR proof of knowledge, which can be done by any (powerful enough) external verifier.  
   
 Tamara Finogina, Javier Herranz   

 Private Internet Voting on Untrusted Voting Devices  
  This paper introduces a new cryptographic Internet voting protocol, which offers individual verifiability and vote privacy even on completely untrustworthy voting devices. The core idea is to minimize the voting client to a simple device capable of scanning a QR code, sending its content to the web server of the included URL, and displaying a response message to the voter. Today, QR code scanners are pre-installed into mobile devices, and users are familiar to using them for many different purposes. By reducing the voting client to an existing functionality of the voters’ personal device, the implementation of the protocol is simplified significantly compared to other protocols. The protocol itself can be seen as a variant of Chaum’s code voting scheme with an elegant solution to the problem of distributing the trust to multiple authorities. The approach is based on BLS signatures and verifiable mix-nets. It relies on trustworthy printing and mailing services during the election setup.  
   
 Rolf Haenni, Reto E. Koenig, Philipp Locher   

 Overstatement-Net-Equivalent Risk-Limiting Audit: ONEAudit  
  A procedure is a risk-limiting audit (RLA) with risk limit $$\alpha $$ if it has probability at least $$1-\alpha $$ of correcting each wrong reported outcome and never alters correct outcomes. One efficient RLA method, card-level comparison (CLCA), compares human interpretation of individual ballot cards randomly selected from a trustworthy paper trail to the voting system’s interpretation of the same cards (cast vote records, CVRs). CLCAs heretofore required a CVR for each cast card and a “link” identifying which CVR is for which card—which many voting systems cannot provide. This paper shows that every set of CVRs that produces the same aggregate results overstates contest margins by the same amount: they are overstatement-net-equivalent (ONE). CLCA can therefore use CVRs from the voting system for any number of cards and ONE CVRs created ad lib for the rest. In particular: Ballot-polling RLA is algebraically equivalent to CLCA using ONE CVRs derived from the overall contest results. CLCA can be based on batch-level results (e.g., precinct subtotals) by constructing ONE CVRs for each batch. In contrast to batch-level comparison auditing (BLCA), this avoids manually tabulating entire batches and works even when reporting batches do not correspond to physically identifiable batches of cards, when BLCA is impractical. If the voting system can export linked CVRs for only some ballot cards, auditors can still use CLCA by constructing ONE CVRs for the rest of the cards from contest results or batch subtotals. This works for every social choice function for which there is a known RLA method, including IRV. Sample sizes for BPA and CLCA using ONE CVRs based on contest totals are comparable. With ONE CVRs from batch subtotals, sample sizes are smaller than for BPA when batches are homogeneous, approaching those of CLCA using CVRs from the voting system, and much smaller than for BLCA: A CLCA of the 2022 presidential election in California at risk limit 5% using ONE CVRs for precinct-level results would sample approximately 70 ballots statewide, if the reported results are accurate, compared to about 26,700 for BLCA. The 2022 Georgia audit tabulated more than 231,000 cards (the expected BLCA sample size was $$\approx $$ 103,000 cards); ONEAudit would have audited $$\approx $$ 1,300 cards. For data from a pilot hybrid RLA in Kalamazoo, MI, in 2018, ONEAudit gives a risk of 2%, substantially lower than the 3.7% measured risk for SUITE, the “hybrid” method the pilot used.  
   
 Philip B. Stark   

 Risk-Limiting Audits for Condorcet Elections  
  Elections where electors rank the candidates (or a subset of the candidates) in order of preference allow the collection of more information about the electors’ intent. The most widely used election of this type is Instant-Runoff Voting (IRV), where candidates are eliminated one by one, until a single candidate holds the majority of the remaining ballots. Condorcet elections treat the election as a set of simultaneous decisions about each pair of candidates. The Condorcet winner is the candidate who beats all others in these pairwise contests. There are various proposals to determine a winner if no Condorcet winner exists. In this paper we show how we can efficiently audit Condorcet elections for a number of variations. We also compare the audit efficiency (how many ballots we expect to sample) of IRV and Condorcet elections.  
   
 Michelle Blom, Peter J. Stuckey, Vanessa Teague, Damjan Vukcevic   

 COBRA: Comparison-Optimal Betting for Risk-Limiting Audits  
  Risk-limiting audits (RLAs) can provide routine, affirmative evidence that reported election outcomes are correct by checking a random sample of cast ballots. An efficient RLA requires checking relatively few ballots. Here we construct highly efficient RLAs by optimizing supermartingale tuning parameters—bets—for ballot-level comparison audits. The exactly optimal bets depend on the true rate of errors in cast-vote records (CVRs)—digital receipts detailing how machines tabulated each ballot. We evaluate theoretical and simulated workloads for audits of contests with a range of diluted margins and CVR error rates. Compared to bets recommended in past work, using these optimal bets can dramatically reduce expected workloads—by 93% on average over our simulated audits. Because the exactly optimal bets are unknown in practice, we offer some strategies for approximating them. As with the ballot-polling RLAs described in ALPHA and RiLACs, adapting bets to previously sampled data or diversifying them over a range of suspected error rates can lead to substantially more efficient audits than fixing bets to a priori values, especially when those values are far from correct. We sketch extensions to other designs and social choice functions, and conclude with some recommendations for real-world comparison audits.  
   
 Jacob V. Spertus   

 CoDecFin  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Shaping Cryptocurrency Gatekeepers with a Regulatory “Trial and Error”  
  In the past fifteen years, cryptocurrencies have grown from a whitepaper released on a mailing list to an ecosystem supporting millions of transactions a day using a whole host of technology never imagined before. However, governments have been slow to keep up. We present an analysis of regulatory developments from within the EU and by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF). These regulatory responses focus on intermediaries such as cryptocurrency exchanges, and wallet providers. We trace the AML/CFT policy recommendations made by the FATF, and examine the EU’s Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive and upcoming Markets in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) regulation. Here we find a natural tension: the pace of regulation is slower than the pace of technology, so the scope is non-comprehensive, yet current trials to accelerate this pace are leading to subtle conflicting errors. These findings present a deeper understanding of the ongoing regulatory dilemma, its essence, and suggest directions for the future of cryptocurrency regulation.  
   
 Marilyne Ordekian, Ingolf Becker, Marie Vasek   

 A First Dive into OFAC in DeFi Space  
  51% of Ethereum Blocks are OFAC Censored was one of the annual headlines in the year 2022. Short for Office of Foreign Assets Control, OFAC, as a division of the U.S. Treasury Department, made itself go on the stage of decentralized finance (DeFi). OFAC was originally established to impose economic sanctions on threats to the United States national security. The jurisdiction of OFAC today, however, seems to be stretching further and further. In this work, we provide the first dive into OFAC in the DeFi space. We describe how OFAC specifically implements its sanctions, namely, on chains (in particular, Ethereum 2.0 as an example), on cryptocurrencies, and on decentralized applications. We discuss the impacts of the presence of OFAC intervention and identify future directions for DeFi products based on this fact.  
   
 Qin Wang, Shange Fu, Shiping Chen, Jiangshan Yu   

 Proposal of Principles of DeFi Disclosure and Regulation  
  This paper proposes eight principles for DeFi disclosure and regulation based on the implications from the key challenges, risks, and questions. Such implications include Innovation Trilemma, whether a DeFi constitutes the “financial service” which participants are subject to consumer/investor protection needs to be considered, regulations from the perspective of systemic risk and anti-money laundering, establishment of a disclosure system and enforcement framework suitable for the characteristics of DeFi and crypto-assets. Creating a common disclosure platform in which national authorities and international standard-setting bodies could participate and give authority would be desirable. Such a framework would provide basic information regarding a DeFi, such as disclosure of data, governance mechanisms, token information, as well as information on audits, etc., and it would be a convenient way to check for compliance as well. Designing an appropriate common disclosure platform, that also considers participants’ incentive structure, is very challenging and will be the subject of further research.  
   
 Tomonori Yuyama, Ken Katayama, Paul Brigner   

 The Hidden Shortcomings of (D)AOs – An Empirical Study of On-Chain Governance  
  Decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) are a recent innovation in organizational structures, which are already widely used in the blockchain ecosystem. We empirically study the on-chain governance systems of 21 DAOs and open source the live dataset. The DAOs we study are of various size and activity, and govern a wide range of protocols and services, such as decentralized exchanges, lending protocols, infrastructure projects and common goods funding. Our analysis unveils a high concentration of voting rights, a significant hidden monetary costs of on-chain governance systems, as well as a remarkably high amount of pointless governance activity.  
   
 Rainer Feichtinger, Robin Fritsch, Yann Vonlanthen, Roger Wattenhofer   

 An Intrinsic Mechanism Deciding Hash Rates from Bitcoin Price  
  This paper presents a new theoretical approach to analyzing the relationship between Bitcoin’s market price and its mining cost, aiming to substantiate the self-sustaining nature of Bitcoin’s security.Previous empirical studies reveal a long-term correlation between price and cost, while shorter-term analysis often reveals significant divergences, particularly during price bubbles. The correlation between price and cost is a critical feature for the safe confirmation of transactions and suggests that the crypto asset has a fundamental value. On the other hand, divergences, which yield profit for miners, should serve as a factor that encourages organized mining operations, raising the mining cost and thereby enhancing Bitcoin’s security. Thus, Bitcoin’s security seems organically maintained by an interplay of correlation and recurring divergences. Understanding the dynamics of mining costs and the mechanism driving the correlation and divergences between price and cost is essential for comprehending Bitcoin’s security and how it is sustained.By leveraging recursive methods in economics, this paper introduces a new theoretical model in which the rational decisions of miners determine mining costs. According to this model, the proof-of-work (PoW) mechanism combined with fluctuating Bitcoin price drives the long-term correlation and recurring divergences between price and cost. It demonstrates a rationale for the self-sustainability of Bitcoin’s security.  
   
 Go Yamamoto   

 Stablecoins: Past, Present, and Future  
  Since 2018, stablecoins have become the major digital currencies facilitating payment flows across various decentralized financial platforms. While in the simplest terms, stablecoins operate as low-volatility digital cash, they are not created equal. Broadly speaking, stablecoins are dichotomized into fiat-backed or algorithmic; algorithmic refers to a diverse set of stablecoins. By reviewing a brief history and analyzing the current state of affairs for stablecoins, we discuss critical facts about stablecoins and propose strategic pathways for the future. Fiat-backed stablecoins are similar to money market funds in their function and structure. As such, the regulatory framework for money market funds should be a guiding light. From this viewpoint, the necessary conditions for the proper functioning of fiat-backed stablecoins are: transparency, full disclosure, quality auditing, and oversight. Algorithmic stablecoins are in principle synthetic cash, or a derivative instrument. As such, they are perfectly positioned to play pivotal roles in digital financial derivative (contingent claims) markets. Due to the heterogeneity of their use-cases, the appropriate regulatory framework depends heavily on the underpinning economics. Lending-related algorithmic frameworks (i.e., credit contingent claims) can benefit from economics and regulatory environments of collateralized repo markets and the like. Others can be considered through the lens of derivatives instruments—futures, options, swaps—for finding best practices and optimal strategies.  
   
 Ali Nejadmalayeri, Leon Molchanovsky, Bruno Woltzenlogel Paleo, Rodney W. Prescott   

 FTX Collapse: A Ponzi Story  
  FTX used to be the third-largest centralized exchange (CEX) in crypto space, managing over $10B in daily trading volume before its downfall. Such a giant, however, failed to avoid the fate of mania, panic, and crash. In this work, we revisit the FTX’s crash by telling it as a Ponzi story. In regards to why FTX could not sustain this Ponzi game, we extract and demonstrate the three drivers of the FTX collapse, namely FTT, leverage, and diversion. The unfunctionality in each factor can iteratively magnify the impact of damages when the panic is triggered. Rooted in the unstable ground, FTX eventually suffered insolvency and rapidly crashed in Nov. 2022. The crisis of FTX is not an isolated event; it consequently results in the collapse of a chain of associated companies in the entire market. Recall this painful experience, we discuss possible paths for a way forward for both CeFi and DeFi implementations.  
   
 Shange Fu, Qin Wang, Jiangshan Yu, Shiping Chen   

 Policy Design of Retail Central Bank Digital Currencies: Embedding AML/CFT Compliance  
  This paper provides a foundation on how to ensure effective and efficient Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Combating the Financing of Terrorism (CFT) compliance measures in the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) system, focusing particularly on the retail CBDC in a two-tiered system. By examining the existing AML/CFT practices and those implemented in newly launched CBDC projects, we build a policy framework of AML/CFT measures that should be embedded in the CBDC system to enhance compliance. The most common enforcement of AML/CFT measures associated with CBDC balances assumes the form of transaction amount or holding amount limits based on the level of Know-Your-Customer (KYC) findings. In this paper, we examine practices beyond the initial KYC measures and explore the processes of on-boarding and on-going customer due diligence, transaction analysis and evaluation, decision making and reporting to the Financial Investigation Unit (FIU).  
   
 Michi Kakebayashi, Gerard P. Presto, Tomonori Yuyama   

 DeFi  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Uniswap Liquidity Provision: An Online Learning Approach  
  Uniswap v3 is a decentralized exchange (DEX) that allows liquidity providers to allocate funds more efficiently by specifying an active price interval for their funds. This introduces the problem of finding an optimal strategy for choosing price intervals. We formalize this problem as an online learning problem with non-stochastic rewards. We use regret-minimization methods to show a Liquidity Provision strategy that guarantees a lower bound on the reward. This is true even for non-stochastic changes to asset pricing, and we express this bound in terms of the trading volume and the average price change.  
   
 Yogev Bar-On, Yishay Mansour   

 Extended Abstract: The Effect of Trading Fees on Arbitrage Profits in Automated Market Makers  
  We consider the impact of trading fees on the profits of arbitrageurs trading against an automated marker marker (AMM) or, equivalently, on the adverse selection incurred by liquidity providers due to arbitrage. We extend the model of Milionis et al. [1] for a general class of two asset AMMs to both introduce fees and discrete Poisson block generation times. In our setting, we are able to compute the expected instantaneous rate of arbitrage profit in closed form. When the fees are low, in the fast block asymptotic regime, the impact of fees takes a particularly simple form: fees simply scale down arbitrage profits by the fraction of time that an arriving arbitrageur finds a profitable trade.  
   
 Jason Milionis, Ciamac C. Moallemi, Tim Roughgarden   

 Concave Pro-rata Games  
  In this paper, we introduce a family of games called concave pro-rata games. In such a game, players place their assets into a pool, and the pool pays out some concave function of all assets placed into it. Each player then receives a pro-rata share of the payout; i.e., each player receives an amount proportional to how much they placed in the pool. Such games appear in a number of practical scenarios, including as a simplified version of batched decentralized exchanges, such as those proposed by Penumbra. We show that this game has a number of interesting properties, including a symmetric pure equilibrium that is the unique equilibrium of this game, and we prove that its price of anarchy is $$\varOmega (n)$$ in the number of players. We also show some numerical results in the iterated setting which suggest that players quickly converge to an equilibrium in iterated play.  
   
 Nicholas A. G. Johnson, Theo Diamandis, Alex Evans, Henry de Valence, Guillermo Angeris   

 Electronic Cash with Open-Source Observers  
  Electronic cash (e-cash) systems need to satisfy the property of anonymity, unforgeability, and transparency which prevent criminal activities from abuse of anonymity. Observers proposed by Chaum et al. and Brands in the ’90 s are one of the cleverest solutions, where observers deployed by the authorities to the user’s device only engage in legitimate anonymous payments, but never cooperate with illegal activities. In other words, observers enforce payers’ legitimate behavior while the cryptographic protocols ensure the observers do not obtain private information about individual payments. However, ever-proposed observers only prevent double-spending as legitimate behavior. There had been no contributions to extend the role of observers from only double-spend prevention to general transparency enforcement required by society without sacrificing privacy. In this paper, we propose a novel concept of open-source observers which can potentially achieve both cryptographic anonymity and highly flexible transparency at the same time. In our setting, observers are published in the cloud as open-source programs and executed within a tamper-proof device with an anonymous attested execution capability, in which all outputs of the execution, with the hash value of the executed open-source program, are signed by the secure processor as formulated by Pass et al. recently. The contribution of this paper is two-fold: (1) we first defined the concept of the open-source observers and (2) we showed a construction of Brands’ type provably-secure offline electronic cash scheme with observers extending the scheme by Baldimtsi and Lysyanskaya.  
   
 Taishi Higuchi, Akira Otsuka   

 Inefficiency of CFMs: Hedging Perspective and Agent-Based Simulations  
  We investigate whether the fee income from trades on the CFM is sufficient for the liquidity providers to hedge away the exposure to market risk. We first analyse this problem through the lens of continuous-time financial mathematics and derive an upper bound for not-arbitrage fee income that would make CFM efficient and liquidity provision fair. We then evaluate our findings by performing multi-agent simulations by varying CFM fees, market volatility, and rate of arrival of liquidity takers. We observe that, on average, with volatility set to realistic values, fee income generated from liquidity provision is insufficient to compensate for market risk. In case where the underlying pair volatility is very low the fee income exceeds market risk cost.  
   
 Samuel N. Cohen, Marc Sabaté-Vidales, David Šiška, Łukasz Szpruch   

 DeFi Auditing: Mechanisms, Effectiveness, and User Perceptions  
  Decentralized Finance (DeFi), a blockchain-based financial ecosystem, suffers from smart contract vulnerabilities that led to a loss exceeding 3.24 billion USD by April 2022 [67]. To address this, blockchain firms audit DeFi applications, a process known as DeFi auditing. Our research aims to comprehend the mechanism and efficacy of DeFi auditing. We discovered its ability to detect vulnerabilities in smart contract logic and interactivity with other DeFi entities, but also noted its limitations in communication, transparency, remedial action implementation, and in preventing certain DeFi attacks. Moreover, our interview study delved into user perceptions of DeFi auditing, unmasking gaps in awareness, usage, and trust, and offering insights to address these issues.  
   
 Ding Feng, Rupert Hitsch, Kaihua Qin, Arthur Gervais, Roger Wattenhofer, Yaxing Yao, Ye Wang   

 Short Squeeze in DeFi Lending Market: Decentralization in Jeopardy?  
  Anxiety levels in the Aave community spiked in November 2022 as Avi Eisenberg performed an attack on Aave. Eisenberg attempted to short the CRV token by using funds borrowed on the protocol to artificially deflate the value of CRV. While the attack was ultimately unsuccessful, it left the Aave community scared and even raised question marks regarding the feasibility of large lending platforms under decentralized governance.In this work, we analyze Avi Eisenberg’s actions and show how he was able to artificially lower the price of CRV by selling large quantities of borrowed CRV for stablecoins on both decentralized and centralized exchanges. Despite the failure of his attack, it still led to irretrievable debt worth more than 1.5 Mio USD at the time and, thereby, quadrupled the protocol’s irretrievable debt. Furthermore, we highlight that his attack was enabled by the vast proportion of CRV available to borrow as well as Aave’s lending protocol design hindering rapid intervention. We stress Eisenberg’s attack exposes a predicament of large DeFi lending protocols: limit the scope or compromise on ‘decentralization’.  
   
 Lioba Heimbach, Eric Schertenleib, Roger Wattenhofer   

 WTSC  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Efficient Rollup Batch Posting Strategy on Base Layer  
  We design efficient and robust algorithms for the batch posting of rollup chain calldata on the base layer chain, using tools from operations research. We relate the costs of posting and delaying, by converting them to the same units and adding them up. The algorithm that keeps the average and maximum queued number of batches tolerable enough improves the posting costs of the trivial algorithm, which posts batches immediately when they are created, by $$8\%$$ . On the other hand, the algorithm that only cares moderately about the batch queue length can improve the trivial algorithm posting costs by $$29\%$$ . Our findings can be used by layer two projects that post data to the base layer at some regular rate.  
   
 Akaki Mamageishvili, Edward W. Felten   

 Unlinkability and Interoperability in Account-Based Universal Payment Channels  
  Payment channels allow a sender to do multiple transactions with a receiver without recording each single transaction on-chain. While most of the current constructions for payment channels focus on UTXO-based cryptocurrencies with reduced scripting capabilities (e.g., Bitcoin or Monero), little attention has been given to the possible benefits of adapting such constructions to cryptocurrencies based on the account model and offering a Turing complete language (e.g., Ethereum).The focus of this work is to implement efficient payment channels tailored to the capabilities of account-based cryptocurrencies with Turing-complete language support in order to provide scalable payments that are interoperable across different cryptocurrencies and unlinkable for third-parties (e.g., payment intermediaries). More concretely, we continue the line of research on cryptocurrency universal payment channels ( $$\textsf{UPC}$$ ) which facilitate interoperable payment channel transactions across different ledgers in a hub-and-spoke model, by offering greater scalability than point-to-point architectures. Our design proposes two different versions, $$\textsf{UPC}$$ and $$\textsf{AUPC}$$ . For $$\textsf{UPC}$$ we formally describe the protocol ideas sketched in previous work and evaluate our proof-of-concept implementation. Then, $$\textsf{AUPC}$$ further extends the concept of universal payment channels by payment unlinkability against the intermediary server.  
   
 Mohsen Minaei, Panagiotis Chatzigiannis, Shan Jin, Srinivasan Raghuraman, Ranjit Kumaresan, Mahdi Zamani, Pedro Moreno-Sanchez   

 Cassiopeia: Practical On-Chain Witness Encryption  
  Witness Encryption is a holy grail of cryptography that remains elusive. It asks that a secret is only revealed when a particular computational problem is solved. Modern smart contracts and blockchains make assumptions of “honest majority”, which allow for a social implementation of Witness Encryption. The core idea is to make use of a partially trusted committee to carry out the responsibilities mandated by these functionalities - such as keeping the secret private, and then releasing it publicly after a solution to the computational puzzle is presented. We propose Cassiopeia, a smart contract Witness Encryption scheme (with public witness security) and provide an open source composable implementation that can be utilized as an oracle by others within the broader DeFi ecosystem. We devise a cryptoeconomic scheme to incentivize honest participation, and analyze its security under the honest majority and rational majority settings. We conclude by measuring and optimizing gas costs and illustrating the practicality of our scheme.  
   
 Schwinn Saereesitthipitak, Dionysis Zindros   

 FlexiPCN: Flexible Payment Channel Network  
  Payment Channel Network (PCN) is a widely recognized and effective off-chain solution used to reduce on-chain operational costs. PCN is designed to address the scalability challenge and throughput issues in permissionless blockchains. Though transaction throughput is improved, many issues remain, like no flexibility, channel exhaustion, poor sustainability, etc. A separate deposit is required for each payment channel between two users, which locks a substantial amount of coins for a long period of time. Therefore, the flexibility to move these locked coins across channels is impossible through off-chain. Moreover, the channels get exhausted due to unbalanced (unidirectional) transfer. This causes the channel to become unsustainable (dead) until the PCN is rebalanced. This work presents a novel payment protocol called Flexible Payment Channel Networks (FlexiPCN), which allows users to deposit coins per user rather than per channel. So, users can move coins flexibly from one channel to another without the help of the blockchain or setting the cycle off-chain. FlexiPCN has been proven to be secure under the Universal Composability framework.  
   
 Susil Kumar Mohanty, Somanath Tripathy   

 Publicly Verifiable Auctions with Privacy  
  Online auctions have a steadily growing market size, creating billions of US dollars in sales value every year. To ensure fairness and auditability while preserving the bidder’s privacy is the main challenge of an auction scheme. At the same time, utility driven blockchain technology is picking up the pace, offering transparency and data integrity to many applications. In this paper, we present a blockchain-based first price sealed-bid auction scheme. Our scheme offers privacy and public verifiability. It can be built on any public blockchain, which is leveraged to provide transparency, data integrity, and hence auditability. The inability to double spend on a blockchain is used to prevent bid replay attacks. Moreover, our scheme can achieve non-repudiation for both bidders and the auctioneer without revealing the bids and we encapsulate this concept inside the public verification of the auction. We propose to use ElGamal encryption and Bulletproofs to construct an efficient instantiation of our scheme. We also propose to use recursive zkSNARKs to reduce the number of comparison proofs from $$N-1$$ to 1, where $$N$$ is the number of bidders.  
   
 Paul Germouty, Enrique Larraia, Wei Zhang   

 Consolidation of Ground Truth Sets for Weakness Detection in Smart Contracts  
  Smart contracts are small programs on the blockchain that often handle valuable assets. Vulnerabilities in smart contracts can be costly, as time has shown over and over again. Countermeasures are high in demand and include best practice recommendations as well as tools supporting development, program verification, and post-deployment analysis. Many tools focus on detecting the absence or presence of a subset of the known vulnerabilities, delivering results of varying quality. Most comparative tool evaluations resort to selecting a handful of tools and testing them against each other. In the best case, the evaluation is based on a smallish ground truth. For Ethereum, there are commendable efforts by several author groups to manually classify contracts. However, a comprehensive ground truth is still lacking.In this work, we construct a ground truth based on publicly available benchmark sets for Ethereum smart contracts with manually checked ground truth data. We develop a method to unify these sets. Additionally, we devise strategies for matching entries that pertain to the same contract, such that we can determine overlaps and disagreements between the sets and consolidate the disagreements. Finally, we assess the quality of the included ground truth sets. Our work reduces inconsistencies, redundancies, and incompleteness while increasing the number of data points and their heterogeneity.  
   
 Monika di Angelo, Gernot Salzer   

 The Principal–Agent Problem in Liquid Staking  
  Proof-of-stake systems require stakers to lock up their funds in order to participate in consensus validation. This leads to capital inefficiency, as locked capital cannot be invested in Decentralized Finance (DeFi). Liquid staking rewards stakers with fungible tokens in return for staking their assets. These fungible tokens can in turn be reused in the DeFi economy. However, liquid staking introduces unexpected risks, as all delegated stake is now fungible. This exacerbates the already existing Principal–Agent problem faced during any delegation, in which the interests of the delegator (the Principal) are not aligned with the interests of the validator (the Agent). In this paper, we study the Principal–Agent problem in the context of liquid staking. We highlight the dilemma between the choice of proportional representation (having one’s stake delegated to one’s validator of choice) and fair punishment (being economically affected only when one’s choice is misinformed). We put forth an attack illustrating that these two notions are fundamentally incompatible in an adversarial setting. We then describe the mechanism of exempt delegations, used by some staking systems today, and devise a precise formula for quantifying the correct choice of exempt delegation which allows balancing the two conflicting virtues in the rational model.  
   
 Apostolos Tzinas, Dionysis Zindros   

 Detecting Privileged Parties on Ethereum  
  The promise of smart contracts (computer programs running on a decentralized virtual computer) lies in the ability to execute agreements without the risk of interference by powerful intermediaries. However, in practice, many smart contracts reintroduce privileged parties on the application layer. They are programmed to enforce that certain functions can only be executed by the owners of defined accounts. We propose and validate a method to detect such privileged parties from binary smart contract code on the Ethereum platform. Our open-source implementation, Ethpector, can be used to verify claims about “zero-trust,” reveal ownership structures, forensically analyze networks of virtual shell organizations, and may support auditors when testifying ownership of intangible assets on Ethereum held by conventional legal entities.  
   
 Michael Fröwis, Rainer Böhme   

 Breaking Blockchain Rationality with Out-of-Band Collusion  
  Blockchain systems often rely on rationality assumptions for their security, expecting that nodes are motivated to maximize their profits. These systems thus design their protocols to incentivize nodes to execute the honest protocol but fail to consider out-of-band collusion. Existing works analyzing rationality assumptions are limited in their scope, either by focusing on a specific protocol or relying on non-existing financial instruments. We propose a general rational attack on rationality by leveraging an external channel that incentivizes nodes to collude against the honest protocol. Our approach involves an attacker creating an out-of-band bribery smart contract to motivate nodes to double-spend their transactions in exchange for shares in the attacker’s profits. We provide a game theory model to prove that any rational node is incentivized to follow the malicious protocol. We discuss our approach to attacking the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains, demonstrating that irrational behavior can be rational in real-world blockchain systems when analyzing rationality in a larger ecosystem. We conclude that rational assumptions only appear to make the system more secure and offer a false sense of security under the flawed analysis.  
   
 Haoqian Zhang, Mahsa Bastankhah, Louis-Henri Merino, Vero Estrada-Galiñanes, Bryan Ford   

 Backmatter  

 Metadata   

 Title  Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2023 International Workshops    
 Editors  Aleksander Essex  
  Shin'ichiro Matsuo  
  Oksana Kulyk  
  Lewis Gudgeon  
  Ariah Klages-Mundt  
  Daniel Perez  
  Sam Werner  
  Andrea Bracciali  
  Geoff Goodell  
     
 Copyright Year  2024    
 Publisher  Springer Nature Switzerland     
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-3-031-48806-1    
 Print ISBN  978-3-031-48805-4    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-48806-1     

 Premium Partner  

 Image Credits  Neuer Inhalt/© ITandMEDIA   

 Disciplines | Automotive 
  Business IT + Informatics 
  Construction + Real Estate 
  Electrical Engineering + Electronics 
  Energy + Sustainability 
  Insurance + Risk 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Leadership 
  Marketing + Sales 
  Mechanical Engineering + Materials 
  Books 
  Journals 
  Topic Page | Marketing 
  Events 
  Start single access now 
  Access for companies 

  About us:     
  
 Who we are    Help    Contact us    Payment Methods      
 Our products:     
  
 Individual access    Access for companies    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Publishing House - Books    AI-assisted search      
 Legal Information:     
  
 Imprint    Terms & Conditions    Privacy Policy    Cookies    Manage cookies/Do not sell my data    California Consumer Privacy Statement      
 Further links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Media data    Corporate Solutions      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3926.0