IEEE.org    
   
 IEEE Xplore Digital Library    
   
 IEEE Standards    
   
 IEEE Spectrum    
   
 More Sites    

 FIE 2023       
 Home 
  About | Organizers 
  Code of Conduct 
  Contact Us 
  Submission Guidelines | Student Panel Guidelines 
  Full & WIP Paper Guidelines 
  Special Session Guidelines 
  Panel Guidelines 
  Pre-Conference Workshop Guidelines 
  Presentation Instructions 
  Topics 
  Registration 
  Program | PDF Program 
  Program Grid 
  Exhibitor Information/Hours 
  Keynote Speaker: Leah H. Jamieson, Ph.D 
  Keynote Speaker: Gary R Bertoline, Ph.D 
  Honorable Speaker: Idalis Villanueva Alarcón, Ph.D. 
  2023 IEEE UNDERGRADUATE TEACHING AWARD 
  Texas A&M Poster Session 
  Social Events @ FIE 
  Venue / Accommodations | Hotel Accomodations 
  Travel /Tourism Information 

 2023 IEEE ASEE Frontiers in Education Conference    
  College Station, Texas   
  October 18–21, 2023  
 Thank you for attending IEEE ASEE FIE 2023 in College Station, Texas! We hope to see you in Washington DC, USA for FIE 2024.  

 ABOUT FIE 2023  
 The Frontiers in Education (FIE) Conference is a major international conference focusing on educational innovations and research in engineering and computing education leading the world to develop of new research insights and educational approaches.  
 The theme for 2023 is “Engineering Education in a Diverse, Global World". FIE 2023 continues a long tradition of disseminating results in engineering and computing education. It is an ideal forum for sharing ideas, learning about developments and interacting with colleagues in all fields. We welcome all our colleagues to share their research and connect together in College Station, TX in October 2023.  
 The Institute for Engineering Education & Innovation (IEEI), Texas A&M University’s (TAMU) College of Engineering, Texas A&M Engineering Experiment Station (TEES), and Texas A&M University at Qatar (TAMUQ) are collaborating to host the 2023 Frontiers in Education (FIE) annual conference.  

 Calling all Sponsors & Exhibitors!  
 Download the Exhibitor & Sponsor Prospectus     
 The FIE 2023 Organizing Committee is pleased to offer your organization the opportunity to become an official sponsor or an exhibitor. Sponsorship provides visibility for your company or institution and helps the planning committee create a more desirable conference environment. The conference is co-sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, the IEEE Education Society, and the ASEE Educational Research and Methods Division.  
   
  Hosted by Texas A&M University College of Engineering, Texas A&M Engineering Experiment Station, and the Institute for Engineering Education and Innovation.  
   
  For additional information, contact the conference manager at [email protected]  .  

 Mark Your Calendars    
 Key Dates  

 2023-20-03    Abstract submission deadline 
  2023-13-04    Acceptance notification 
  2023-22-05    Preliminary Paper, Special Session and Panel Summary Papers, and Workshop Outlines submission deadline 
  2023-12-07    Notification of paper revision requirements and acceptance notification 
  2023-06-08    Revised paper submission Extended deadline 
  2023-14-08    Final acceptance notification 
  2023-08-09    Final Camera-Ready paper submission & copyright deadline 

 Special Thanks    
 Conference Sponsors  

 Technical Co-Sponsors & Local Hosts  

 Exhibitors  

 IEEE Links    IEEE Home 
  IEEE Sitemap/More Sites 
  IEEE Contact & Support 
  IEEE Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
    
 IEEE Home    
   
 IEEE Sitemap/More Sites    
   
 IEEE Contact & Support    
   
 IEEE Accessibility Statement    
   
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy    
   
 IEEE Ethics Reporting    
   
 IEEE Privacy Policy    

 This site is created, maintained, and managed by Conference Catalysts, LLC  .   
 Please feel free to contact us  for any assistance.   

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Home 
  About 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Venue / Accommodations