FLAIRS-23  
  The 23rd International FLAIRS  Conference   
 May 19-21, 2010   
 Daytona Beach, Florida, USA   
 Schedule updated with final program.   
 The 23rd Florida Artificial Intelligence Research Society Conference (FLAIRS-23) will be held May 19-21, 2010 at The Shores Resort & Spa  in Daytona Beach, Florida, USA. FLAIRS-23 continues a tradition of presenting and discussing artificial intelligence research in a convivial atmosphere within a beautiful setting. Events will include invited speakers, special tracks, discussion panels, and presentations of papers and posters. FLAIRS encourages student authors to submit papers. In addition to a Best Paper award, there will be a Best Student Paper award for the best paper written primarily by students.  
 Daytona Beach, on Florida's Atlantic coast, is famous for its sparkling white beaches, up to 500 feet wide, with blue-green waters. Juan Ponce de León landed near here in 1513, naming the land La Florida for its verdant landscape, while legendarily searching for the Fountain of Youth. The fine, hard-packed sand was used in the early 20th century for automobile racing and land speed records. With natural beauty, sites of historical interest, and a vibrant nightlife, Daytona Beach has become a favorite U.S. vacation destination.  
  In cooperation with:  Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence    
   
 News   
 Apr 05, 2010 - Schedule, FLAIRS Golf, Attendee Message Board posted.  
 Feb 22, 2010 - Special student room rates posted.  
 Feb 15, 2010 - Accommodation, location, travel details posted. Clarification on registration details for authors.  
 Feb 8, 2010 - Registration details and online registration posted.  
 Nov 24, 2009 - Submission deadline extended.  
 Nov 17, 2009 - Updated program with special track invited speakers.  
 Sep 15, 2009 - Updated program, added detail on paper formatting instructions.  
 July 30, 2009 - Updated Special Tracks Listing, General Conference PC.  
 May 19, 2009 - FLAIRS-23 site goes live.  
   
 Dates   
  
 Proposals for special tracks. | June 22, 2009 
 Acceptance of special tracks. | July 17, 2009 
 Submission of papers. | December 1, 2009 November 23, 2009 
 Notification of acceptance. | January 22, 2010 
 Camera-ready versions due. | February 22, 2010 
 FLAIRS-23 conference held. | May 19-21, 2010 

 Call for Papers   
 General Conference   
 Submission of papers for presentation at the conference is now invited. Topics of interest are in all areas of artificial intelligence, including:  
  
 Foundations  Knowledge representation 
  Cognitive modeling 
  Perception 
  Reasoning and programming 
  Search 
  Learning | Applications  Aviation and aerospace 
  Education 
  Entertainment 
  Medicine 
  Management and manufacturing 
  World Wide Web 
 Architectures  Agents and distributed AI 
  Intelligent user interfaces 
  Natural language systems 
  Information retrieval 
  Robotics | Implications  Philosophical foundations 
  Social impact and ethics 
  Evaluation of AI systems 
  Teaching AI 
  
 Special Tracks   
 A number of special tracks that focus on particular topics within AI are held in parallel with the general conference. These provide researchers in specific areas the opportunity to meet and present their work, and offer a forum for interaction among the broader community of artificial intelligence researchers. Authors are requested to consider submitting their paper directly to a special track if one exists that closely matches the topic of their paper. A list of all special tracks is provided in the “Special Tracks” section of the conference site. For additional details on a particular special track, authors should contact the track chair(s) directly.  
 Special tracks are typically proposed and selected by late summer as part of a Call for Special Tracks. If you are interested in proposing a special track, please check the “Special Tracks” section of the conference site for details on the Call for Special Tracks.  
 Submission Instructions   
 Submitted papers must be original, and not submitted concurrently to a journal or another conference. Double-blind reviewing will be provided, so submitted papers must use fake author names and affiliations. Full papers may be up to 6 pages, and poster papers up to 2 pages. Papers must be in AAAI format and must use the latest AAAI Press Word template or LaTeX macro package  .  
  
 Papers must be submitted in PDF format via the EasyChair conference management site for FLAIRS-23  . (N.B. Do not use a fake name for your EasyChair login -- your EasyChair account information is hidden from reviewers.) The proceedings of FLAIRS will be published by the AAAI. Authors of accepted papers will be required to sign a form transferring copyright of their contribution to AAAI. An author of each accepted paper is required to register, attend, and present the paper at FLAIRS.  
 Dates   
 Submission of papers. November 23, 2009  
  Notification of acceptance. January 22, 2010  
  Camera-ready versions due. February 22, 2010  
  FLAIRS-23 conference held. May 19-21, 2010  

 Special Tracks   
 Special Tracks Listing   
  
 Data Mining | Track Chairs: William Eberle and David Bisant 
  Case-Based Reasoning | Track Chairs: Belen Diaz-Agudo and Steven A. Bogaerts 
  Artificial Intelligence Education | Track Chairs: Todd Neller and Jim Marshall 
  AI, Cognitive Semantics and Computational Linguistics: New Perspectives | Track Chairs: Ismail Biskri, Susan Haller, Florence Le Priol, Anca Pascu and James Pustejovsky 
  Uncertain Reasoning (UR) | Track Chairs: Luis Enrique Sucar and Laurent Perrussel 
  Applied Natural Language Processing | Track Chairs: Philip M. McCarthy and Chutima Boonthum 
  Games & Entertainment (GE) | Track Chairs: G. Michael Youngblood and Klaus Jantke 
  AI Planning and Scheduling | Track Chairs: Roman Barták and Hana Rudová 
  Cognition and AI: Capturing Cognitive Plausibility and Informing Psychological Processes | Track Chairs: Nicholas Duran, Sidney D'Mello and Rick Dale 
  AI and Second Language Learning | Track Chairs: Charles Hall and Philip McCarthy 
  Learning in Intelligent Systems | Track Chair: Andrew Olney 
  Intelligent Tutoring Systems | Track Chairs: G. Tanner Jackson and Robert Hausmann 
  Spatio-Temporal Reasoning | Track Chair: Carl Schultz 
   
 Call for Special Tracks (CLOSED)   
 Special tracks, held in parallel with the general conference, are an integral part of the conference. They provide researchers in focused areas the opportunity to meet and present their work, and offer a forum for interaction among the broader community of artificial intelligence researchers. Their papers are required to meet the same standards and are published in the conference proceedings.  
 Topics of interest are in all areas related to artificial intelligence. For example, last year's special tracks included: AI Education; AI Planning and Scheduling; Applied Natural Language Processing; Case-Based Reasoning; Data Mining; Design, Evaluation, and Refinement of Intelligent Systems (DERIS); Games and Entertainment; Intelligent Tutoring Systems; Semantics, Ontologies, and Computational Linguistics; and Uncertain Reasoning.  
 We encourage proposals for topics that have run previously. Even special tracks that have run for a number of years may need or benefit from new leadership support and perspective, so please do not hesitate to indicate interest in an area, or to contact the Special Tracks Coordinator if you have questions about proposing on a particular topic. We are also particularly interested in fresh tracks in areas such as Machine Learning or AI in English as a Second Language, but all proposals for tracks are very much encouraged.  
 Submission of proposals for special tracks is now invited. Proposals must be submitted via the EasyChair conference management site for FLAIRS-23  . Special track chairs may submit to their own tracks. Those papers will be reviewed by two members of the special track's program committee and two members of the general conference program committee, and acceptance decisions will be made by the conference program co-chairs. Proposals must include the following information:  
 Title of the special track. 
  Anticipated numbers of submissions and accepted papers. A track may have up to 4 sessions, with 3 papers per session. Special tracks that fail to attract sufficient papers will be merged into the general conference. 
  Names and contact information for the special track chair(s) and those who have agreed to serve on the special track's program committee. The program committee should be large enough for each paper to be reviewed by 4 reviewers. 
  Promotional plans and materials, including a draft call for papers, specific plans for publicizing the special track, and the names of any speakers you are considering inviting. (FLAIRS cannot guarantee any form of financial support for special track invited speakers at this stage.) 
  Summary of any special tracks you have organized for FLAIRS over the last two years. In particular, what track(s) have you organized, how many submissions were received, and how many papers were accepted? 

 People   
 Organizers   
  
 Conference Chair: | David C. Wilson  , University of North Carolina at Charlotte, USA 
 Program Co-Chairs: | Chas Murray  , Carnegie Learning, USA  
  Hans Guesgen  , Massey University, New Zealand 
 Special Tracks Coordinator: | Philip McCarthy  , University of Memphis, USA 

  General Conference Program Committee   
 John Anderson  , University of Manitoba, Canada  
  Tiffany Barnes  , University of North Carolina at Charlotte, USA  
  Valerie Barr  , Union College, USA  
  Roman Bartak  , Charles University, Czech Republic  
  Ralph Bergmann  , Universität Trier, Germany  
  Debra Burhans  , Canisius College, USA  
  Soon Chun  , City University of New York, USA  
  Bill Clancey  , NASA/Ames Research Center, USA  
  Diane Cook  , Washington State University, USA  
  Doug Dankel  , University of Florida, USA  
  William Eberle  , Tennessee Technological University, USA  
  Mark Fenner  , Norwich University, USA  
  Charles Fox  , Oxford University, United Kingdom  
  Susan Fox  , Macalester College, USA  
  Reva Freedman  , Northern Illinois University, USA  
  James Geller  , New Jersey Institute of Technology, USA  
  Ali Ghorbani  , University of New Bunswick, Canada  
  Michael Glass  , Valparaiso University, USA  
  Ashok Goel  , Georgia Tech, USA  
  Avelino Gonzalez  , University of Central Florida, USA  
  Jesus Gonzalez  , National Institute of Astrophysics Optics and Electronics, Mexico  
  Art Graesser  , University of Memphis, USA  
  Christian Hempelman  , RiverGlass, Inc., USA  
  Larry Holder  , Washington State University, USA  
  Manfred Huber  , University of Texas at Arlington, USA  
  Amruth Kumar  , Ramapo College of New Jersey, USA  
  Tao Li  , Florida International University, USA  
  Chun-wai Liew  , Lafayette College, USA  
  Christine Lisetti  , Florida International University, USA  
  Ramon Lopez de Mantaras  , Spanish Council for Scientific Research, Spain  
  Zdravko Markov  , Central Connecticut State University, USA  
  Noboru Matsuda  , Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
  Lorraine McGinty  , University College Dublin, Ireland  
  Bob Morris, NASA Ames Research Center, USA  
  Hien Nguyen  , University of Wisconsin-Whitewater, USA  
  Barry O'Sullivan  , University College Cork, Ireland  
  Dympna O'Sullivan  , Aston University, United Kingdom  
  Paolo Petta  , Medical University of Vienna, Austria  
  David Pynadeth  , USC Institute for Creative Technologies, USA  
  Hana Rudova  , Masaryk University, Czech Republic  
  Vasile Rus  , University of Memphis, USA  
  Eugene Santos  , Dartmouth College, USA  
  Stephan Schulz  , Technische Universität München, Germany  
  Mei-Ling Shyu  , University of Miami, USA  
  Candy Sidner  , BAE Systems, USA  
  Raja Sooriamurthi  , Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
  Brian Stensrud  , Soar Technology, Inc., USA  
  Dan Tamir  , Texas State University, USA  
  Colleen van Lent  , California State University Long Beach, USA  
  Rene Venegas  , Pontificia Universidad Católica de Valparaíso, Chile  
  Ubbo Visser  , University of Miami, USA  
  Rosina Weber  , Drexel University, USA  
  Jan Wiebe  , University of Pittsburgh, USA  
  Wayne Wobcke  , University of New South Wales, USA   
   
 Conference Invited Speakers  
 Conference invited speakers will address the entire FLAIRS audience in plenary sessions.  
  Eugene Charniak   Eugene Charniak is University Professor of Computer Science and Cognitive Science at Brown University and past chair of the Department of Computer Science. He received his A.B. degree in Physics from University of Chicago, and a Ph.D. from M.I.T. in Computer Science. He has published four books, the most recent being Statistical Language Learning. He is a Fellow of the American Association of Artificial Intelligence and was previously a Councilor of the organization. His research has always been in the area of language understanding or technologies which relate to it. Over the last 18 years years he has been interested in statistical techniques for many areas of language processing including parsing and, most recently, discourse.  

   Janet Kolodner   Janet Kolodner is a Regents' Professor in the School of Interactive Computing at Georgia Institute of Technology. Her research, for the past 30 years, has addressed a wide variety of issues in learning, memory, and problem solving, both in computers and in people. During the 1980's, she pioneered the computer method called case-based reasoning, which allows a computer to reason and learn from its experiences. The first case-based design aids (CBDA'S) came from her lab. Archie-2, for example, helped architecture students with conceptual design. During the early 1990's, she used the cognitive model implied by case-based reasoning to address issues in creative design. JULIA planned meals, Creative JULIA figured out what to do with leftover rice, IMPROVISOR did simple mechanical design, and ALEC simulated Alexander Graham Bell in his invention of the telephone. Later in the 1990's, she used the cognitive model in case-based reasoning to guide design of science curriculum for middle school. Learning by Design (TM) is a design-based learning approach and an inquiry-oriented project-based approach to science learning that has children learn science in the context of design experiences. The sequencing of activities in the classroom encourages students to reflect on their design and science experiences in ways that CBR says are appropriate for integrating them well into memory. LBD curriculum units and the sequencing structures in LBD provide the backbone for a full 3-year middle-school science curriculum called Project-Based Inquiry Science (PBIS), published by It's About Time, Inc. More recently, Kolodner's research uses what she learned in designing LBD to create informal learning environments to help middle schoolers come to think of themselves as competent scientific reasoners. In Kitchen Science Investigators, fifth and sixth graders learn science in the context of cooking. In Hovering Around, they learn about motion and forces, about airflow, and how to explain in the context of designing hovercraft. Kolodner is founding Editor in Chief of the Journal of the Learning Sciences and a founder and first Executive Officer of the International Society for the Learning Sciences. She has headed up the Cognitive Science Program at Georgia Tech and headed an organization called EduTech in the mid-90's whose mission was to use what we know about cognition to design educational software and integrate it appropriately into educational environments.  

   Herbert H. Clark   Herbert H. Clark is Professor of Psychology at Stanford University. He is the author of several books on language and language use, including Psychology and Language (a textbook co-authored with Eve V. Clark), Arenas of Language Use, and Using Language. He is also author of over one hundred research articles and chapters. His research is concerned with speaking and understanding in interactive communication, especially conversation. Clark was a John Simon Guggenheim Fellow and a fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and to the Royal Dutch Academy of Arts and Sciences.  

  Special Track Invited Speakers  
 Special track invited speakers will address the participants and audience members of the designated track.  
  David Poole   (Special Track on Uncertain Reasoning) David Poole is a Professor of Computer Science at the University of British Columbia. He has a Ph.D. from the Australian National University. He is known for his work on assumption-based reasoning, diagnosis, relational probabilistic models, combining logic and probability, algorithms for probabilistic inference, representations for automated decision making, probabilistic reasoning with ontologies and semantic science. He is a co-author of a new AI textbook, Artificial Intelligence: Foundations of Computational Agents (Cambridge University Press, 2010), co-author of an older AI textbook, Computational Intelligence: A Logical Approach (Oxford University Press, 1998), co-chair of AAAI-10 (twenty-Fourth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence) and co-editor of the Proceedings of the Tenth Conference in Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence (Morgan Kaufmann, 1994). He is a former associate editor of the Journal of AI Research, is an associate editor of AI Journal and is on the editorial board of AI Magazine. He is the secretary of the Association for Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence, is a Fellow of the Association for the Advancement Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) and has an entry in the International Directory of Logicians: Who's Who in Logic (2009).  
   
  Anthony Cohn   (Special Track on Spatio-Temporal Reasoning) Tony Cohn holds a Personal Chair at the University of Leeds, where he is Professor of Automated Reasoning and served a term as Head of the School of Computing August 1999 - July 2004. He is presently Director of the Institute for Artificial Intelligence and Biological Systems. He holds BSc and PhD degrees from the University of Essex where he studied under Pat Hayes. He spent 10 years at the University of Warwick before moving to Leeds in 1990. He now leads a research group working on Knowledge Representation and Reasoning with a particular focus on qualitative spatial/spatio-temporal reasoning, the best known being the well cited Region Connection Calculus (RCC). His current research interests range from theoretical work on spatial calculi and spatial ontologies, to cognitive vision, modelling spatial information in the hippocampus, and integrating utility data recording the location of underground assets. He has received substantial funding from a variety of sources including EPSRC, the DTI, the European Union and various industrial sources. Work from the Cogvis project won the British Computer Society Machine Intelligence prize in 2004. He has been Chairman/President of the UK AI Society SSAISB, the European Coordinating Committee on AI (ECCAI), KR inc, the IJCAI Board of Trustees and is Editor-in-Chief of the AAAI Press, Spatial Cognition and Computation, and Artificial Intelligence. He was elected a founding Fellow of ECCAI, and is also a Fellow of AAAI, AISB, the BCS, and the IET (formerly the IEE).  
   
  Jorge Ramirez   (Special Track on Data Mining) Dr. Jorge C. G. Ramirez is currently a Senior Scientist working in the Data Mining Group of Worldwide Business Intelligence for Apple, Inc. Dr. Ramirez has over 25 years of research, development and leadership experience in software engineering, data mining and intelligent systems. He has led domestic and international development projects in academia and companies ranging from startups to the Fortune 500. To accomplish these projects, he integrates business, information technology and extra-ordinary analytics with his leadership abilities to align business processes with business goals. After spending 12 years in academia, and now 10 years back in the private sector, he stays in touch with the research community by serving on the program committee for and attending various AAAI affiliated conferences. His philanthropic efforts include being President of MaleSurvivor ( malesurvivor.org  ) for 2010-2011.  

 FLAIRS-23 Registration   
 Registration processing for FLAIRS-23 is handled by our Conference Administrator, Jeanni Gerber. Questions regarding registration can be addressed to Jeanni at jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  (+1 407-927-4919), or to the conference General Chair, David C. Wilson  .  
 Registration   
 In order to attend and participate in the conference program, you must formally register for the conference.  
 Author Registration Requirement for Including Accepted Papers in the Program   
 Each accepted paper or poster must have at least one author registered with a regular registration  by 22nd February  in order for the paper or poster to be included in the conference. If the only author registering for the conference is a student, the registration must be a full regular registration. Additional authors can register as regular or student. If you are the author of more than one paper, you need to register as an author only once.  
 Registration Categories   
  
 Authors, please note the registration requirement for paper inclusion by February 22 
  Early Registration (By March 22) | Regular - $450 
  Student - $255 (Students must provide documentation of student status with payment) 
  Standard Registration (By May 14) | Regular - $475 
  Student - $280 (Students must provide documentation of student status with payment) 
  On-Site Registration | Regular - $500 
  Student - $295 (Students must provide documentation of student status with payment) 
  Additional Dining Tickets - Regular / student registration includes all social events. Extra social event tickets (for family, partners, etc.) are available. You can make a separate payment for these if you wish. | Extra Lunch Ticket (one day) - $30 
  Extra Opening Reception Ticket - $65 
   
 Payment Instructions   
 Payment can be made via credit card, bank transfer, or check drawn on a US bank. Paying for multiple registrations in a single payment is possible. In all cases you'll receive an email confirming when payment has been processed. If you do not receive an email within two weeks of sending your payment, please email our Conference Administrator at jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  .  
 For Student Registrations,  Students must provide proof of student status. Documentation should be provided via email or fax to the FLAIRS-23 Conference Administrator, Jeanni Gerber - jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  . Documents attached to email should be in PDF format. Please include FLAIRS-23 and a brief description in the subject line. For faxing documentation, please email Jeanni to notify and send the fax to: +1 407-275-8723.  
 Your registration is not complete until your payment has been processed and confirmed.   
 Payment Methods   
 Registration processing for FLAIRS-23 is handled by our Conference Administrator, Jeanni Gerber. For registration processing and inquiries, please contact Jeanni at jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  . Please include FLAIRS-23 and a brief description in the subject line.  
 Credit Card | Online, using Google Checkout - see the FLAIRS-23 'Online Registration' section of the web site. 
  Fax, please fill in the | FLAIRS-23 Registration Payment Form | and send to our Conference Administrator. You can email a PDF scan of the signed form to Jeanni. If you would prefer to fax the form, please email Jeanni to notify and send the fax to: +1 407-275-8723. 
  Bank Transfer | - please fill in the | FLAIRS-23 Registration Payment Form | and send to our Conference Administrator. You can email a PDF scan of the signed form to Jeanni. If you would prefer to fax the form, please email Jeanni to notify and send the fax to: +1 407-275-8723. Jeanni will then be able to provide FLAIRS-23 bank account details for the transfer. | There will be an additional $50 processing fee for bank transfers. | Bank transfer processing must be complete, not simply initiated, by the registration deadline. Since this can take several weeks, you must allow enough time for processing to complete. 
  Check from US Bank | - Please make the check out to "FLAIRS," fill in the | FLAIRS-23 Registration Payment Form | , and send both check and payment form together to the following address. | FLAIRS-23, c/o J.W. Gerber | 11409 Swift Water Circle | Orlando, Florida 32817 | USA 

 FLAIRS-23 Online Registration   
 Online credit-card registration for FLAIRS-23 uses Google Checkout  for order processing. Google Checkout provides an introduction for buyers.  You can add several individual registrations to one cart by changing the details. You can also order extra opening reception and daily lunch tickets in the same cart. Please note that registration details in the drop-down cart are not sorted. Google Checkout requires you to establish an account to use the service. Offline registration methods are also available, please consult the FLAIRS-23 web site 'Registration Details' section.  
 For Author Registrations,  Each accepted paper or poster must have at least one author registered with a regular registration  by 22nd February  in order for the paper or poster to be included in the conference. If the only author registering for the conference is a student, the registration must be a full regular registration. Additional authors can register as regular or student. If you are the author of more than one paper, you need to register as an author only once.  
 For Student Registrations,  Students must provide proof of student status. Documentation should be provided via email or fax to the FLAIRS-23 Conference Administrator, Jeanni Gerber - jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  . Documents attached to email should be in PDF format. Please include FLAIRS-23 and a brief description in the subject line. For faxing documentation, please email Jeanni to notify and send the fax to: +1 407-275-8723.  
 Questions regarding registration can be addressed to our conference administrator, Jeanni, at jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  , or to the conference General Chair, David C. Wilson  . Please report any problems with the online registration system to the conference General Chair, David C. Wilson  .  
 FLAIRS-23 Registration   
  
 FLAIRS Registration  - $500.00  reg  <span style="font-weight:bold">FLAIRS-23 Registration - </span> An initial authorization of your registration charge is made by Google Checkout when you place your order. This holds your registration amount, but does not actually charge the card until your order is verified. You should receive an initial email that your order has been submitted for processing. Your order details will be confirmed by our Conference Administrator as soon as possible. If everything is correct, FLAIRS staff will complete the charge to finalize payment. A followup email should confirm your registration within a week. If not, please email our administrator: jwgerber@earthlink.net.<br/><br/><span style="color:red">Your registration is not complete until your payment has been confirmed by FLAIRS-23 conference staff.</span><br/><br/>&lt;a href="http://www.flairs-23.info"&gt;FLAIRS-23 Conference Page&lt;/a&gt; (opens new window). 
 Registration Type: | Regular (On-site - $500)  
   Student (On-site - $295) 
 Students must send proof of student status - details above. 
 Please provide your title, name, affiliation, and country, as you would  
  like them to appear on your name tag. *  fields are required. 
 Title: |  
 *  Given/First Name: |  
 *  Family/Last Name: |  
 *  Registrant Email: |  
 Affiliation: |  
 City, State/Region, Country: |  
 Authors Only - Paper ID Number(s) - Comma Separated for Multiple 
 Paper Number(s): |  
 Additional details (dietary requirements, etc) 
 Extra Information: |  
  
 FLAIRS-23 Extra Lunch / Reception Tickets   
 Registration includes all social events. Extra social event tickets (for family, partners, etc.) are available. You can make a separate payment for these if you wish.  
  
 Extra Lunch Ticket (one day)  - $30.00  <span style="font-weight:bold">FLAIRS-23 Extra Extra Lunch Ticket - </span> An initial authorization of your registration charge is made by Google Checkout when you place your order. This holds your registration amount, but does not actually charge the card until your order is verified. You should receive an initial email that your order has been submitted for processing. Your order details will be confirmed by our Conference Administrator as soon as possible. If everything is correct, FLAIRS staff will complete the charge to finalize payment. A followup email should confirm your registration within a week. If not, please email our administrator: jwgerber@earthlink.net.<br/><br/><span style="color:red">Your registration is not complete until your payment has been confirmed by FLAIRS-23 conference staff.</span><br/><br/>&lt;a href="http://www.flairs-23.info"&gt;FLAIRS-23 Conference Page&lt;/a&gt; (opens new window). 
 How Many? 

 Extra Opening Reception Ticket  - $65.00  <span style="font-weight:bold">FLAIRS-23 Extra Opening Reception Ticket - </span> An initial authorization of your registration charge is made by Google Checkout when you place your order. This holds your registration amount, but does not actually charge the card until your order is verified. You should receive an initial email that your order has been submitted for processing. Your order details will be confirmed by our Conference Administrator as soon as possible. If everything is correct, FLAIRS staff will complete the charge to finalize payment. A followup email should confirm your registration within a week. If not, please email our administrator: jwgerber@earthlink.net.<br/><br/><span style="color:red">Your registration is not complete until your payment has been confirmed by FLAIRS-23 conference staff.</span><br/><br/>&lt;a href="http://www.flairs-23.info"&gt;FLAIRS-23 Conference Page&lt;/a&gt; (opens new window). 
 How Many? 

 FLAIRS-23 Accommodation, Location, Travel   
 Accommodation   
 FLAIRS room blocks closed.  Conference room blocks at the resort were only available until April 28. You can still book with the resort, but the conference rates will not be available. You can also find accommodation resources in the links under the Location, Travel section below.  
 The 23rd Florida Artificial Intelligence Research Society Conference (FLAIRS-23) will be held May 19-21, 2010 at The Shores Resort & Spa  in Daytona Beach, Florida, USA. FLAIRS-23 has arranged conference rates for a block of rooms with the resort, as follows. Conference blocked rooms in a particular category are available on a first-come, first-served basis until that category of the block is filled. Conference blocked rooms will be available until either the block is full or until April 28, 2010. Conference attendees can phone in reservation requests to the following number: +1 866 934-7467.  
 FLAIRS-23 attendees should identify themselves as an attendee of FLAIRS (Florida Artificial Intelligence Research Society 2010 Conference). At the time reservations are made, The Resort will require a one night deposit of room and tax in the form of a credit card authorization or by mailing in a payment within 5 days of making the reservation. Rooms are not considered confirmed without an advance deposit. Any requests for special room arrangements must be made at the time of reservation.  
 If you book a room at The Shores outside of the conference block (e.g., conference block full, third party consolidator booking), please ensure that you still identify yourself to the resort as a FLAIRS attendee. This helps you, as the resort fee (above the room rate) is waived for FLAIRS-23 attendees, and it counts that booking for FLAIRS toward event contract requirements.  
 Student Room Rates  - Student Room Block is Full, Rates No Longer Available  - FLAIRS-23 has arranged with the conference resort for a very limited number of student rooms. Please note that these rooms have either a limited outside view, or possibly no view at all. The resort has extended these rates in recognition of student need, and they are not available to non-students. In order to qualify for the student room rate, students must provide proof of student status to our Conference Administrator (not to the resort). Documentation should be provided via email or fax to the FLAIRS-23 Conference Administrator, Jeanni Gerber - jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  . Documents attached to email should be in PDF format. Please include FLAIRS-23 and a brief description in the subject line. For faxing documentation, please email Jeanni to notify and send the fax to: +1 407-275-8723. Note that it may take a few days for student confirmation to be processed and added to the checklist at the resort. Student room rates are available to students that have made a full regular registration as a presenting author, but documentation of student status must be provided for the room rate.  
  
 Room Type | Rate 
 Student Room Block is Full, Rates No Longer Available |  
 Student (single) - documented students only  , see above | $89 
 Student (double) - documented students only  , see above | $99 
 Riverview (single/double) | $119 
 Oceanview (single/double) | $135 
 Oceanfront (single/double) | $149 
  
 Room rates quoted above are subject to tax, which is currently 12.5%, to be charged to each guestroom per night. Room rates include 24 hour wireless internet access, all local access and 1-800 calls, in room coffee, in room DVD player and complimentary movie rentals, pool towels, fitness center open 6:00am - 10:00pm, and complimentary self parking.  
 Group rates will be honored for attendees three (3) days before and three (3) days after the formal conference dates, based on availability.  
 FLAIRS-23 has also arranged the following consideration for attendees.  
 Resort fee waiver on room charges. Normally, The Shores charges a resort fee in addition to the room rate. This fee has been waived for FLAIRS-23 attendees, whether or not your room is booked within the conference block. 
  10% discount in Azure (restaurant) & Tiki Bar for breakfast, lunch & dinner. This applies both to registered attendees and to accompanying persons. Please note that this does not apply to room service. 
  A discounted specialty drink price at the Tiki Bar. 
  Resort Fee Clarification  - Some attendees have found discounted resort rates via 3rd party consolidators, such as Expedia and Hotels.com. If you consider such, please ensure that you understand the precise terms and conditions in the fine print. These often trade off significant flexibility (e.g., pre-paid, no cancellation or changes) for the lower rate.  
 In particular, though, we have had a question and clarification about the resort fee in this context. As part of our contract with the resort, the normal resort fee is waived for FLAIRS attendees. This is true, even if the room itself has been booked via a 3rd party, but only if the resort has control over the fee payment. Thus for 3rd party transactions, if the resort fee is already bundled into the consolidator's price, you would be opting-in to that bundled fee as part of the contract with the consolidator. In that case, the resort does not have control over the bundled fee, and the fee can not be retroactively removed by the resort from what was paid to the 3rd party. If the resort fee was not bundled as part of the 3rd party booking, then the resort fee should be waived for FLAIRS attendees, and the resort should not ask for payment of the fee above what was paid for the 3rd party booking.  
 In essence, for 3rd party bookings: if you paid a bundled resort fee to a 3rd party, it can not be removed; if the resort itself is asking you to pay the resort fee above and beyond your 3rd party room booking, then it should be waived for FLAIRS attendees.  

 Location, Travel   
 Daytona Beach, on Florida's Atlantic coast, is famous for its sparkling white beaches, up to 500 feet wide, with blue-green waters. Juan Ponce de León landed near here in 1513, naming the land La Florida for its verdant landscape, while legendarily searching for the Fountain of Youth. The fine, hard-packed sand was used in the early 20th century for automobile racing and land speed records. With natural beauty, sites of historical interest, and a vibrant nightlife, Daytona Beach has become a favorite U.S. vacation destination.  
 Google Map of Conference Location   
 Details on transportation, alternative accommodation, and Daytona Beach activities are available via the Daytona Beach Convention and Visitor's Bureau  , as well as the Daytona Beach Meeting Planners Site  . Highlights include:  
 Getting to Daytona Beach | - Orlando International Airport is located an hour's drive from Daytona Beach, and it is one of the nation's major airports, serviced by many domestic and international carriers. Daytona Beach itself has an international airport, and other options include Jacksonville International and Orlando Sanford. | General Transportation 
  Arriving by Air 
  Driving Directions 
  Shuttle service between Orlando International Airport and Daytona Beach - | DOTS | , | DoShuttle 
  What's On in Daytona Beach | Dining 
  Nightlife 
  Sporting 
  Daytona Beach Hotels | Google Map 
  Daytona Beach Hotels 
  Daytona Beach Hotel Listing Brochure (pdf) 
  Daytona Beach Hotel Map Brochure (pdf) 

 FLAIRS-23 Golf  
 This year's FLAIRS golf outing will be held at the Daytona Beach Beach Golf club  . The course has 36 holes, reasonable rates, inexpensive rentals, and is close to the conference hotel. We hope you can join us!  
 Additional details may be available on Chad Lane's FLAIRS-23 Golf page  .  
 We'll plan to play before and after the conference as close to the following times as possible:  
 Tuesday May 18, 1pm (a morning round on Tuesday is also possible - just indicate your interest) 
  Saturday, May 22, 8am 
  As of 3/30/10, the cost for 18 holes (riding or walking) is $35  and the cost for rentals ranges from $20-$55  . See rates  .  
 Please contact Chad Lane (lane AT ict.usc.edu) as soon as possible if you would like to play.  
 NASCAR Racing Events  
 We did not receive enough stated interest from attendees to contract this as a formal FLAIRS-23 group event. If you are interested in the NASCAR experience, it may be possible for you to make individual arrangements. The ride-along (or even full driving) folk are on-track every Friday/Saturday in May, so the weekend before or just at the end of the conference are both options. Individual reservations can be made via The Richard Petty Driving Experience  (make sure to verify for the Daytona International Speedway, as they do similar experiences at different raceways).  
 The Daytona International Speedway  also has regular tours and attractions, such as the Daytona 500 Experience  .  
 Potential FLAIRS-23 NASCAR Racing Event  - "Experience real life racing thrills by riding shotgun in a 2-seat NASCAR-style stock car driven by a professional instructor for a 3-lap qualifying run." There would be an additional expense for this outing of $135.  We would need a commitment from a block of at least 10-20 attendees in order to make the arrangements. If there is enough interest, we would then make a payment option for the event available on the conference online registration page. If you are interested in a NASCAR racing outing as part of FLAIRS-23, please respond by the end of this week (April 23) to the FLAIRS-23 NASCAR Doodle poll  . Enter at least your proper last name as per your registration, check the times that you would be able to participate, and click the save button, so that we can contact you about the event.   
   
 Instructions for Paper Presenters  
 Each paper presentation room will have an an LCD projector and a laptop running Windows, with PowerPoint and Adobe Acrobat Reader installed. Presenters may use the laptop provided or they may use their own laptop. Presenters who use a conference laptop must bring their presentation in electronic form on either a USB drive or a CDROM.  
 Presenters should arrive at their session early, introduce themselves to the session chair, and verify that their presentation displays correctly. Each presentation is scheduled for 25 minutes, with 20 minutes for speaking and 5 minutes for questions. Session chairs will monitor the time and keep the sessions strictly on schedule.  
 The following link provides guidance on giving a presentation:  
 How to Present a Paper, a Speaker's Guide 
  Instructions for Poster Presenters  
 The Poster Session will be held on Wednesday, May 19, from 10:30am to 12:10pm in the River Room  at the resort's Cloud Level.  
 Please follow these instructions for preparing your posters.  
 Poster preparation will be in the | River Room | from 3:00pm to 9:00pm on Tuesday evening, May 18, and from 8:00am to 10:00am on Wednesday morning, May 19. Please note that FLAIRS personnel will check in periodically, but will not be present in this space continuously during setup times. If issues arise, please contact FLAIRS staff at the registration desk, or leave a message with resort staff to the attention of FLAIRS personnel. 
  Each poster presenter will be provided with a poster board, 4 feet wide by 3 feet high ... | just like this | . Push-pins, glue sticks, and tape will be available to construct your poster prior to the poster session. If you have any needs beyond this, please email David Wilson (davils AT uncc DOT edu) and we'll do our best to accomodate you. 
  Poster presenters are expected to have their posters displayed by the beginning of the session and to be available to discuss their poster for the duration of the session. 
  After the Poster Session  
 After the Poster Session, you may elect to move your poster to the | France Foyer | at the resort's Lobby Level for continued display during the remainder of the conference. Please note that there is limited space, and foyer display will be on a first-come, first served basis. Also note that this space will remain open and generally accessible after conference hours. 
  If you want to keep your poster, you must take it with you, either at the end of the poster session (if not being displayed in the France Foyer) or before the end of the conference (if being displayed in the France Foyer). Any posters remaining in the River Room after the end of the poster session on in the France Foyer after the end of the conference will be discarded. You cannot take the poster boards with you. 
  The following links provide guidance on preparing a poster:  
 Poster Design Guide 
  Effective Scientific Posters 

   Welcome 
  Schedule 
  Presenter Instructions 
  News 
  Dates 
  Invited Speakers 
  Call for Papers 
  Special Tracks 
  People 
  Registration Details 
  Online Registration 
  Accommodation, Location, Travel 
  FLAIRS Golf / Events 
  Attendee Message Board