Sidebar  
 ×    
 Special Theme | Climate-Resilient Society - Introduction to the Special Theme 
  Supporting Landslide Disaster Risk Reduction Using Data-driven Methods 
  Focus Group Facilitates the Use of AI for Natural Disaster Management 
  A Unifying Technological Ecosystem for Integrated Fire Management and Adaptive Forest Restoration 
  What Role Can 5G Play in the Prevention and Suppression of Climate-Related Natural Disasters? 
  Teaching to Survive: A Citizen-centred Disaster Preparedness Project 
  Navigating Carbon Footprints: Insights and Strategies for Sustainable Research Projects 
  Improving Urban Air Quality and Climate-resilience in Cities with Inclusive, Policy-relevant Citizen Science 
  LoCEL-H2 - Circular, Plug and Play, Off-grid Energy for Remote Locations including Hydrogen 
  Making our Electric Power Grids Sustainable 
  Sustainable Scheduling of Operations: Advancing Self-Consumption through an IoT Data Framework 
  Green Mobility Data Spaces 
  KNOWING How to Deal with Climate Change 
  Advancing Climate Change Resilience through Ecosystems and Biodiversity Monitoring and Analysis 
  Exploring the Spectrum of Citizen Engagement through Urban Climate Action 
  Temperature Monitoring of Agricultural Areas in a Secure Data Room 
  A Mobile Phone App for Measuring Food Waste in Greek Households 
  Research and Innovation | Procurement of Secure AI – A Practical Guide 
  Luxemverse: Connecting Virtual and Augmented Reality 
  Exploring Bias in Public Perception of Artificial Intelligence: A Criticality Map Analysis 
  INFRASPEC – Automated Inspection of Critical Infrastructure 
  Joint ERCIM Actions | Diversity Matters 
  2023 Cor Baayen Early Career Researcher Award for Rianne de Heide 
  FMICS'23 - 28th International Conference on Formal Methods for Industrial Critical Systems 
  Announcements | Dagstuhl Seminars and Perspectives Workshops - Call for Proposals 
  Social Robotics, Artificial Intelligence & Multimedia Winter School 
  CWI and Inria Tackling Societal Challenges 

 ERCIM News     
   
   Search    Search    

 Subscription 
  Back issues 
  About 
  Call for contributions 
  Advertise 

  Home 
  ERCIM News 135 
  Joint ERCIM Actions 
  FMICS'23 - 28th International Conference on Formal Methods for Industrial Critical Systems 

  ERCIM News 135   
  October 2023  
  Special theme: Climate Resilient Society  
   Guest editors:  Athina Lykos (AIT Austrian Institute of Technology) and Sobah Abbas Peterson (NTNU)  
 This issue in pdf   (44 pages)  

   Back Issues Online   

 Contents   
 Special Theme 
  Research and Innovation 
  Joint ERCIM Actions 
  Announcements 

   FMICS'23 - 28th International Conference on Formal Methods for Industrial Critical Systems   
  
 Details   Joint ERCIM Actions     26 October 2023    Last Updated: 27 October 2023     Hits: 1033    
 by Maurice ter Beek (CNR-ISTI)  
 The yearly conference of the ERCIM Working Group on Formal Methods for Industrial Critical Systems, FMICS, the key conference at the intersection of industrial applications and formal methods, reached its 28th edition. This year the participants met in Antwerp, Belgium, from 20 to 22 September 2023.  
 The aim of the FMICS conference series is to provide a forum for researchers and practitioners interested in the development and application of formal methods in industry. It strives to promote research and development for improving formal methods and tools for industrial applications.  
 The conference was chaired by Laura Titolo (NASA Langley Research Center, AMA-NASA LaRC, Hampton, USA) and Alessandro Cimatti (Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Povo, Italy) and organised under the umbrella of CONFEST 2023, alongside with CONCUR, FORMATS, and QEST, and organised by the general chairs Guillermo Pérez (University of Antwerp, Belgium) and Jean-François Raskin (Université libre de Bruxelles, Belgium) and their team. FMICS 2023 attracted participants from many countries worldwide, both from academia and industry.  
 The international program committee, with 29 members from 15 different countries, received 24 submissions by authors from 12 different countries, and decided to accept 14 papers after a thorough reviewing process, including a rebuttal phase. The program moreover included two excellent invited keynote presentations, namely “Verification Conquers Fault Tree Analysis” by Joost-Pieter Katoen (RWTH Aachen University, Germany, and University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands) and “Combining automation with hands-on reasoning” by Anna Slobodova (Intel Corporation, Austin, Texas, USA), both of which attracted many participants also from the other CONFEST conferences.  
 Following a tradition established over the years, Springer sponsored an award for the best FMICS paper. This year, the program committee selected the contribution “Conformance in the Railway Industry: Single-Input-Change Testing a EULYNX Controller” by Djurre van der Wal, Marcus Gerhold, and Mariëlle Stoelinga (University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands) for the FMICS 2023 Best Paper Award (see Figure).  
   
  Djurre van der Wal and Mariëlle Stoelinga receive the FMICS 2023 Best Paper Award from the PC chairs Laura Titolo and Alessandro Cimatti.   
 FMICS 2024 will take place in Milan, Italy, co-located with the 26th International Symposium on Formal Methods (FM 2024), from 9 to 13 September 2024.  
 Links:   
  FMICS 2023 conference website: https://www.uantwerpen.be/en/conferences/confest-2023/fmics/   
  ERCIM WG FMICS: https://fmics.inria.fr/   
   
  Reference:   
  [1] A. Cimatti and L. Titolo (eds.), Formal Methods for Industrial Critical Systems: Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Formal Methods for Industrial Critical Systems (FMICS'23), Antwerp, Belgium, 20-22 September 2023. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, volume 14290, Springer, Cham, 2023. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-43681-9  
   
  Please contact:   
  Maurice ter Beek  
  CNR-ISTI, Italy  
  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.   

 Next issue: January 2025   
  Special theme:  
  Large-Scale Data Analytics   
  Call for the next issue     

  This issue in pdf    

  This issue in ePub format    

 Get the latest issue to your desktop  

 ERCIM News  is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License  . You are free to share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format, as long as the author(s) and the source are credited.   
 ERCIM articles (sections "special theme" and "research and innovation) are referenced by DBLP    
 ERCIM News is a joint publication of  CNR    CWI    Fraunhofer    FNR    FORTH    INESC    INRIA    ISI    ITIS-UMA    NTNU    RISE   SBA     SZTAKI    UCY    UWAW    VTT     
 © ERCIM 2024 | legal information  | Privacy Policy    
 © ERCIM | legal information