Find or Create a Group 
   EN | EN 
  DE 
  ES 
  FR 
  IT 
  PT 
  UK 
  Help 
  Log In 
  Sign Up 

 Log In 
  Sign Up 
  Help 
  EN | EN 
  DE 
  ES 
  FR 
  IT 
  PT 
  UK 

  to navigate  to use esc  to dismiss   

 Keyboard Shortcuts  
   
 ctrl  + shift  + ?  :   
 Show all keyboard shortcuts   
   
 ctrl  + g  :   
 Navigate to a group   
   
 ctrl  + shift  + f  :   
 Find   
   
 ctrl  + /  :   
 Quick actions   

 esc  to dismiss   

  Home   Messages    Hashtags     
   
 ctrl  + shift  + ?  for shortcuts   
 About  · Features  · Pricing    
 Updates  · Terms  · Help    
 © 2024 Groups.io   

 ×      
   
 ×      

 ×  Close   Likes  

  Close    

    GeneticProgramming 
  Topics 

 ×  Close   Search  

  Search   Cancel    

 Date    Date    1 - 1 of 1  previous page 
  next page 

 [FOGA 2023] Paper Submission Deadline Extended (May 4, 2023)  
  
 Francisco Chicano    All Messages By This Member 

  #8098      

  (apologies for cross posting)  
   
  17th ACM/SIGEVO Conference on Foundations of Genetic Algorithms (FOGA XVII)  
   
  August 30 to September 1, 2023 – Potsdam, Germany  
   
  All dates of FOGA 2023 concerning the submission and reviewing process have been extended by a week (see also below).  
   
  https://hpi.de/foga2023/   
   
  We invite you to submit your high-quality articles to the seventeenth conference on the foundations of genetic algorithms (FOGA). The FOGA series aims at advancing our understanding of the working principles behind evolutionary algorithms and related randomized search heuristics, such as local search algorithms, differential evolution, ant colony optimization, particle swarm optimization, artificial immune systems, simulated annealing, and other Monte Carlo methods for search and optimization. Connections to related areas, such as Bayesian optimization and direct search, are of interest as well.  
   
  == Scope ==  
   
  Topics of interest, both of theoretical and empirical nature, include but are not limited to:  
   
  – Run time analysis  
  – Mathematical tools suitable for the analysis of search heuristics  
  – Fitness landscapes and problem difficulty  
  – (On- and offline) configuration and selection of algorithms, heuristics, operators, and parameters  
  – Stochastic and dynamic environments, noisy evaluations  
  – Constrained optimization  
  – Problem representation  
  – Complexity theory for search heuristics  
  – Multi-objective optimization  
  – Benchmarking aspects, including performance measures, the selection of meaningful benchmark problems, and statistical aspects  
  – Connection between black-box optimization and machine learning  
   
  == Important Dates ==  
   
  – Submissions due: May 4, AoE  
  – Acceptance notification: June 30  
  – Camera-ready versions due: July 13  
   
  == ThRaSH Day ==  
   
  https://hpi.de/foga2023/?page_id=1008   
   
  This year, co-located with FOGA 2023, on August 29 (the day before FOGA), there is a half-day event organized as part of the ThRaSH seminar series. The event consists of a few technical contributions for which at most conferences there is not enough time. Each contribution is a 30–60 minutes detailed proof discussion, highlighting the tools used in order to derive the result. If you are interested in giving a talk, please contact Timo Kötzing (Timo.Koetzing@...) until June 30. 
  
 ×     

   ×  Close   Verify Delete  
   
 Are you sure you wish to delete this message from the message archives of GeneticProgramming@groups.io? This cannot be undone.    
  Cancel   Yes    

    ×  Close   Verify Repost  
   
 Are you sure you wish to repost this message?   
  Cancel   Yes    

   ×  Close   Report Message  
   
 Reason    Report to Moderators  I think this message isn't appropriate for our group. The Group moderators are responsible for maintaining their community and can address these issues.   Report to Groups.io Support  I think this violates the Terms of Service. This includes: harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing.    
  
 Note:  Your email address is included with the abuse report.   
   
  Cancel   Report    

     ×  Close   Split Topic  
   
 The new topic will begin with this message. Subject of the new topic:  
    
  Cancel   Split Topic    

 1 - 1 of 1  previous page 
  1 
  next page 

  Previous Topic   Next Topic      

  Messages    

  More    

  More Options  More   
    
  Home   Messages    Hashtags    About   Features   Pricing   # Changelog   Terms   Help    

  to navigate  to use esc  to dismiss