Toggle navigation        
 Program | Schedule 
  Accepted Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Registration 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Ontology Showcase 
  Early Career Symposium 
  Venue 
  Conference Organization 
  Online Session | Program 
  Registration 
  ISAO Summer School 2023 
  FR 

 Skip to content      
 Program | Schedule 
  Accepted Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Registration 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Ontology Showcase 
  Early Career Symposium 
  Venue 
  Conference Organization 
  Online Session | Program 
  Registration 
  ISAO Summer School 2023 
  FR 

 Search for:               
 Toggle sidebar & navigation        

 Call for Papers  

 Sections on this page  
 Definition and scope 
  Important dates 
  Location 
  Submissions 
  Topics of interest 
  Submission instructions 
  Definition and scope  
 The FOIS conference is a meeting point for all researchers with an interest in formal ontology. Formal ontology is the systematic study of the types of entities and relations making up the domains of interest represented in modern information systems. The conference encourages submission of high quality, not previously published results on both theoretical issues and practical advancements. FOIS 2023 will have distinct tracks for foundational issues  , ontology applications and methods  , and domain ontologies  .  
 FOIS aims to be a nexus of interdisciplinary research and communication for researchers from many domains engaging with formal ontology. Common application areas include conceptual modeling, database design, knowledge engineering and management, software engineering, organizational modeling, artificial intelligence, robotics, computational linguistics, the life sciences, bioinformatics and scientific research in general, geographic information science, information retrieval, library and information science, as well as the Semantic Web.  
 FOIS is the flagship conference of the International Association for Ontology and its Applications (IAOA  ), which is a non-profit organization promoting interdisciplinary research and international collaboration in formal ontology.  
 Important dates  
 Authors must submit an abstract by: January 31, 2023 (AoE) 
  The full papers are due (extended): February 12, 2023 (AoE) 
  Author rebuttal period | : March 24-31, 2023 (tentative) 
  Notifications: | April 10, 2023 (tentative) 
  Camera-ready papers: | May 1, 2023 
  Onsite conference: | July 17-20, 2023 
  Virtual conference: | week of September 18, 2023 
  The submission deadline for workshops will be after the notifications to allow authors to submit a revised version of rejected papers to any of the conference workshops if the paper topics are appropriate for this workshop.  
 Location  
 FOIS 2023 will consist of a physical meeting and a virtual meeting:  
 An in-person only meeting in Sherbrooke, Québec from July 17 to 20, 2023 that will be very much like a traditional conference with keynotes, regular talks, workshops and tutorials and plenty of social and networking opportunities. This part will not have a remote participation option, but we plan on recording selected talks (e.g. keynotes). 
  This will be followed by an online part to be held from September 18 to 20, 2023 that offers an opportunity for presentation and discussion of additional papers that were not presented at the physical meeting in Sherbrooke. 
  To plan for this two-part event, authors must at the time of submission indicate their preference and constraints for presenting either on site in Sherbrooke or virtually  . Acceptance will be either for in-person presentation or for online presentation, at which time authors can no longer change the modality. Since the numbers of in-person and online presentations are limited, we encourage authors to be as flexible as possible to maximize your chance of paper acceptance. More details are provided in the Submission Instructions  (see below).  
 Submissions  
 FOIS 2023 seeks three types of full-length (14 pages) high-quality papers on a wide range of topics:  
 Foundational | papers address content-related ontological issues, their formal representation, and their relevance to some aspect of information systems. 
  Application | and | Methods | papers address novel systems, methods, and tools related to building, evaluating, or using ontologies, emphasizing the impact of ontology contents. 
  Domain ontology | papers describe a novel ontology for a specific realm of interest, clarifying ontological choices against requirements and foundational theory, and showing ontology use. 
  Please refer to the Submissions Instructions  for more details. As usual, the FOIS proceedings will be published by IOS Press.  
 The conference will also offer workshops and tutorials related to formal ontologies. See the separate Call for Workshops and Tutorials Proposals  for more information.  
 Topics of interest  
 Areas of particular interest to FOIS include the following:  
 Foundational Issues   
 Kinds of entities: particulars/universals, continuants/occurrents, abstracta/concreta, dependent entities/independent entities, natural objects/artifacts, events/processes 
  Formal relations: parthood, identity, connection, dependence, constitution, causality, subsumption, instantiation 
  Vagueness and granularity 
  Space, time, and change 
  Methodological issues   
 Top-level vs. domain-specific ontologies 
  Role of reference ontologies 
  Ontology similarity, integration, alignment, matching and entity reconciliation 
  Ontology modularity, patterns, and contextuality 
  Ontology evaluation, quality, reuse, adaptation, and evolution 
  Ontology compliance with FAIR principles 
  Formal comparison among ontologies 
  Relationship between conceptual modeling and ontologies 
  Relationship with cognition, language, semantics, and context 
  Connections between knowledge graphs and ontologies 
  Methodological issues in the applications of ontologies 
  Social issues, such as trust or bias, with respect to ontologies 
  Applications   
 Technical applications of ontologies, such as | Semantic Web 
  Other areas of AI (Machine Learning, Explainable AI, Rules) 
  Qualitative modeling 
  Systems applications of ontologies, such as | Ontology-driven information systems design 
  Ontology-based data access 
  Knowledge management 
  Information retrieval 
  Computational linguistics 
  Metadata management 
  Domain applications of ontologies, such as | Ontologies for business modeling 
  Ontologies for particular scientific disciplines (biology, chemistry, geography, physics, geoscience, cognitive sciences, linguistics, etc.) 
  Ontologies for engineering: shape, form and function, artifacts, manufacturing, design, architecture, etc. 
  Ontologies for the humanities: arts, cultural studies, history, literature, philosophy, etc. 
  Ontologies for the social sciences: economics, law, political science, anthropology, archeology, etc. 
  Ontologies for Open Science and dataset sharing 
  Domain-specific ontologies  
 Ontology of physical reality (matter, space, time, motion, etc.) 
  Ontology of biological reality (organisms, genes, proteins, cells, etc.) 
  Ontology of mental reality and agency (beliefs, intentions, emotions, perceptions, cognition, etc.) 
  Ontology of artifacts, functions, capacities and roles 
  Ontology of social reality (institutions, organizations, norms, social relationships, artistic expressions, etc.) 
  Submission Instructions  
 Papers must be submitted via Easychair: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=fois2023 
  Each submission must put the track (see below) as the first keyword, followed by other keywords specific to the paper. 
  For each paper, authors must indicate their presentation preference as per the instructions below. 
  Authors are limited to a maximum of two first-authored submissions, with no limit to the number of co-authored submissions. Any individual may present no more than two accepted papers. 
  Paper format requirements  
 Submitted papers must not exceed 14 pages (including bibliography). 
  Papers must include an abstract of no more than 300 words. 
  Papers should be submitted non-anonymously in PDF format following IOS Press formatting guidelines, which may be found at the following link: | https://www.iospress.nl/service/authors/latex-and-word-tools-for-book-authors/ 
  Reviewing Process  
 Each paper will be assigned at least 3 reviewers. All reviews will be anonymous. The authors will have a chance to respond to the initial reviews during the rebuttal phase. This phase gives authors a chance to correct or clarify any factual knowledge in the reviews and to address any specific questions that reviewers may have.  
  Submission and Review Criteria for the Foundations Track   
 Scope: | foundational papers address content-related ontological issues, their formal representation, and their relevance to some aspect of information systems. Foundational papers may explore domain general ontological topics (e.g., mereology) or be concerned with general categories (e.g., papers on upper ontologies). Papers concerned with the philosophical, logical or mathematical foundations of applied ontology are also included in this track. 
  Review criteria: | will consider (1) the significance and clarity of the problem statement; (2) the novelty and weight of the ontological / philosophical / logical / mathematical analysis; (3) the soundness of any formalism, (4) the relevance to some aspect of information systems; and (5) the adequate satisfaction of issues or requirements from the problem statement. If the paper contains theorems without proofs, the proofs should be made available to reviewers as an appendix to the paper. The page limit will not be applied to this appendix, and the appendix will not be included in the final publication. 
   Submission and Review Criteria for the Applications and Methods Track   
 Scope: | papers in this track address novel methods, systems and tools related to building, evaluating, or using ontologies, emphasizing the impact of ontology contents on the application. If a paper is about how ontologies are used in some computational system, such as for recommendation, semantic search, or machine learning, or if it is about new methods or tools that, for example, help design, evaluate, modularize, or compare ontologies, then it belongs in this track. 
  Review criteria: | will follow typical computer science criteria, including the novelty, significance and soundness of the work as evident in the problem statement and requirements, the related work, as well as the methodology and evaluation, with evaluation typically including implementation, results, and analysis. 
   Submission and Review Criteria for the Domain Ontology Track   
 Scope: | domain ontology papers describe a novel ontology for a specific realm of interest. The goal is | not | just to reproduce the content of the ontology in some abbreviated form, but to provide added value enabling a reader to better understand and use the ontology. Hence, the paper should focus on providing: (1) background information and an overview of contents (e.g., motivation, domain, scope, requirements, ontology language, modularity, statistical information); (2) a comparison with related ontologies to highlight differences and benefits; (3) a description of methodology and ontology design choices; (4) an evaluation of the ontology against requirements and possibly foundational theory, and (5) discussion of actual or potential use. Moreover, all ontologies discussed in the paper should be accessible to reviewers. 
  Review criteria: | will consider the novelty, significance, and soundness of the required elements (just listed above). 
  Presentation preferences  
 When submitting a paper, you must indicate your availability to present the paper in-person or online, choosing one of the following options:  
 (1) Only in-person (not willing or able to present online) 
  (2) Prefer in-person presentation but will present online if asked to do so 
  (3) No preference: will present either in-person or online 
  (4) Prefer online presentation but will present in-person if asked to do so 
  (5) Only online (not willing or able to present in-person) 
  Note that if you select any of (2)-(4), this will not have any impact on the acceptance decision as we reserve the right to assign papers with such preferences for in-person or online presentation at the discretion of the program chairs. These decisions will be final and presentation in the assigned format will be a condition of publication of your paper.  
 However, while the quality of submissions is the foremost criteria for selection, if you choose option (1) or (5), this may negatively impact acceptance of papers that are deemed worthy of acceptance but for which no presentation slot in the selected format (in-person or online) is available. For this reason, choose this option only if you anticipate not being able to travel to Sherbrooke or if you are unavailable for the duration of the online part.  

 Powered by WordPress   Inspiro WordPress Theme by WPZOOM