ETAPS 2025 | Call for Papers 
  Satellite Events 
  Programme 
  Invited Speakers 
  ESOP 2025 
  FASE 2025 
  FoSSaCS 2025 
  TACAS 2025 
  Industry Day 
  Organizers 
  About | About ETAPS 
  ETAPS Association 
  Steering Committee 
  Sustainability 
  ESOP 
  FASE 
  FoSSaCS 
  TACAS 
  Proceedings 
  ETAPS-F 
  FoPSS Schools 
  Policies 
  Disclaimer 
  Awards | Best Paper 
  Test of Time 
  Doctoral Dissertation 
  Test-of-Time Tool 
  Lifetime 
  Past Editions 
  ETAPS Blog 
  Future Editions | ETAPS 2026 
  Log in | Join us 
   
 Log in | Join us      

 FoSSaCS  International Conference on Foundations of Software Science and Computation Structures  
 Since its inception in 1998, FoSSaCS has been one of the main conferences composing the ETAPS confederation.   
   
 General Information  
   
 FoSSaCS seeks original papers on foundational research with a clear significance for software science. The conference invites submissions on theories and methods to support the analysis, integration, synthesis, transformation, and verification of programs and software systems.  

 History  
   
 FoSSaCS was created in 1998 as a continuation, with an enlarged scope, of the CAAP Conference. CAAP stood for Colloque sur les Arbres en Algèbre et Programmation  and the conference had been running under this name between 1976 and 1980 before it was renamed as Colloquium on Trees in Algebra and Programming  starting form 1981. The 22nd and last edition of CAAP was held in 1997 in Lille.  

 25 Anniversary Celebration  
 In 2022, FoSSaCS celebrated its 25 anniversary. Watch the talk of Barbara König and Ugo dal Lago about the conference history!  
   
  Sorry, your browser does not support the video tag.    
   
 Scope of Interest  
 The scope of FoSSaCS is broad. The specific topics covered by the conference include, but are not limited to, the following list.  
   
 Categorical models and logics. 
  Language theory, automata, and games. 
  Modal, spatial, and temporal logics. 
  Type theory and proof theory. 
  Concurrency theory and process calculi. 
  Rewriting theory. 
  Semantics of programming languages. 
  Program analysis, correctness, transformation, and verification. 
  Logics of programming. 
  Software specification and refinement. 
  Models of concurrent, reactive, stochastic, distributed, hybrid, and mobile systems. Emerging models of computation. 
  Logical aspects of computational complexity. 
  Models of software security. 
  Logical foundations of data-bases. 

 Steering Committee  
   
 Patricia Bouyer-Decitre (Paris-Saclay, FR) 
  Javier Esparza (Munich, DE) 
  Naoki Kobayashi (Tokyo, JP) 
  Barbara König (Duisburg-Essen, DE) 
  Orna Kupferman (Jerusalem, IL) 
  Andrzej Murawski (Oxford, UK; chair) 
  Frank Pfenning (Pittsburgh, US) 
  Alex Simpson (Ljubljana, SI) 

   ETAPS International Joint Conferences On Theory & Practice Of Software  
   
 ETAPS Association     
   
 Internal     
   
 Responsible for these web pages:  
   
  Jan Kofroň  
  Faculty of Mathematics and Physics  
  Charles University, Czech Republic  
  E-mail: firstname.lastname [at] d3s.mff.cuni.cz  
  Phone: +420 951 554 285  

 ETAPS Policies  |  Disclaimer    
 © 2022–2024 ETAPS Association. All rights reserved.