Skip to content  Flexible Query Answering Systems     
   
 Home 
  FQAS Conferences 

 Flexible Query Answering Systems     
   
 Menu Toggle     
   
 Home 
  FQAS Conferences 

 Home  
 International Conference on  
  Flexible Query Answering Systems (FQAS)  
 FQAS is the premier conference focusing on the key issue in the information society of providing flexible, easy, and (for human) intuitive access to information. In targeting this issue, the conference draws on several research areas, such as information retrieval, database management, data science, information filtering, knowledge representation, logics, uncertainty handling, knowledge discovery, analytics, soft computing, management of multimedia information, and human-computer interaction.  
 The guiding topic of the FQAS conferences are innovative query systems aimed at providing easy, flexible and human-friendly access to information. Such systems are becoming increasingly important also due to the huge and always growing number of users as well as the growing amount of available information.  
 Since 1994, the conference has provided a unique and multidisciplinary forum for researchers, developers and practitioners to explore and exchange new ideas and approaches in all mentioned research areas.  
 Steering Committee  
 Gloria Bordogna, Italy 
  Henrik Legind Larsen, Denmark 
  Guy De Tre, Belgium 
  Troels Andreasen, Denmark 

 UPCOMING EVENT   
 FQAS 2025:  16th International Conference on Flexible Query Answering Systems   
 2025,  Burgas, Bulgaria (dates to appear)   
 Conference website: (to appear)  
 Call for papers (to appear)  
 General Chair    
 Guy De Tre, Ghent University, Belgium 
  Program Chairs  (to appear)   

 © 2024 - Flexible Query Answering Systems | All rights reserved   
 Powered by Page Builder Framework    

 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept  Read More     
 Privacy & Cookies Policy    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

 Non-necessary   Non-necessary     
   
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

 Scroll to Top