Academia-to-Industry Competence Incubator  
 Open Innovations Association FRUCT  

     About us 
  News 
  Conference | Registration 
  Call for Participation 
  Submit paper 
  Program 
  FRUCT Proceedings 
  List of conferences 
  Honorary nominations | FRUCT fellow nominations 
  Senior FRUCT fellow nominations 
  Advisory board 
  Our services 

 Early-bird: 2 m 11 d 16:15:15   

 34th FRUCT conference: Call for Participation  

 The 34th Conference of the Open Innovations Association FRUCT is co-organized by FRUCT Association and Riga Technical University. The conference will be held in Riga (Latvia) on 15-17 November 2023  . Download CFP in PDF   
 The conference will be organized in a hybrid mode  . If you prefer online participation, please don’t forget to send 8-10 min video of your presentation to info@fruct.org  by 27 October 2023 at latest. Video files over 20Mb better to upload to google drive, dropbox, or other repository. The video shall at least present your slides with audio track of the talk. The preferred formats for your video are MP4 and WMV. If you use MS PowerPoint you might use instructions from the following link to prepare your video https://support.office.com/en-us/article/record-a-slide-show-with-narrat…  We welcome you to submit your papers to FRUCT34  .  
 The conference sessions for online participants are split into 2 parts:  
 Self-watching of presentations on Youtube (the corresponding playlists and links will be published in the | conference program | ). Let’s take advantage of distant participation - you can invite colleagues to watch videos and the online session. I also ask you to subscribe to FRUCT youtube channel – we need to get 1000 subscribers to be allowed make video streaming in the future. 
  Online questions and answers session held in Zoom. As some conference participants report issues with Internet connection quality we recommend to held Zoom session in Audio only mode (without video). Please prepare your questions/comments to the authors and use this time to discuss the presented works. 
  Overview of FRUCT  
 FRUCT is a large Pan-European cooperation framework that promotes open innovations of academia and industry. FRUCT conference is a high-quality scientific event for meeting academia and business people and setting projects. The average conference is attended by over 120 participants from 20+ countries, including both the representatives from academia and industry.  
 The conference attracts most active and talented students to present their R&D projects, meet people alike, create new teams, and find employers and investors. The conference invites the world-class academic and industrial experts to lecture on the hottest topics. Traditionally the program consists of FRUCT work groups meetings and 3 days (We-Fr) of the main conference.   
 FRUCT conferences are organized every half a year, which is the reason for submission and acceptance notification deadlines be so close to the conference dates. If you need more time for visa and travel arrangements  just notify us by email and submit your paper following the Early bird submission deadline.  Then your paper will be taken to the early-review procedure and you get the notification of acceptance one month earlier.  
 Traditionally FRUCT pays a lot of attention to the Open Source and supports the corresponding activities and communities. The conference Demo session will include a lot of demos. The conference is supported by the local mobile Linux community and we welcome all mobile Linux and other apps developer to attend this event.  
 We welcome everybody to submit papers and take part in the conference, share your research and join the FRUCT Association. Thanks to sponsors we traditionally have low registration fee and various discounts can be applied. Please take early registration  to get the best fee and most advantages of your participation in the conference.  
 All conference papers and abstracts will be published Open Access in FRUCT proceeding at no additional cost (available for free under a CC BY-ND license download from FRUCT proceedings catalog  ).  
 We welcome patrons/sponsors to join the conference team. Please refer to the overview of patrons’ packages  and contact us  in case of any questions and proposals.  
 Background and motivation  
 The distinctive feature of modern IT and Telecommunications industries is in dramatic shortening of the period when technology remains commercially viable. On the one hand, this is due to the competition between key market players that are pushing all manufacturers to accelerate innovations; on the other hand, this is due to technological progress speed up caused by the growing expansion of intellectual resource invested into R&D and design activities. This trend is an important call and challenge for the leading educational and research institutions around the globe. In the FRUCT we believe that it is crucial to support practical cooperation between universities and industrial research. We also target in increasing visibility of involved research teams and set direct personal contacts between academic and industrial experts.  
 Call for papers and presentations  
 You can select one of the following 3 types of submissions:  
 Full papers (min 6 full pages and up to 12 pages), deadline | 15 September 2023; 
  Short papers (min 2 pages, max 6 pages), deadline | 15 September 2023; 
  Poster / demo summary (min 200 words, max 4 pages), by | 6 November 2023. 
  Traditionally FRUCT doesn’t provide deadline extension, as instead we have early-bird submissions mechanism. But if authors need couple of extra days to finalize a paper, please send in advance email to info@fruct.org  and we will try to arrange it so that you can finalize your work.  
 The review process is organized as follows:  
 Full papers get at least 3 reviews by the | Technical Committee 
  Short papers and Poster/demo summaries get at least 2 reviews by the | Technical Committee 
  The review process is organized as the single-blind review 
  The acceptance rate is 40% (5 years) 
  Authors of selected best papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to be published in partner journals. 
  Please note that some papers submitted as Full Papers can be recommended for publication in Work in Progress (WiP) section of the proceedings. The WiP section includes papers that have passed the quality check, but didn’t get in top 40% of the papers based on the average score. This will be a normal publication, but with less guaranteed indexing, read more  . To increase your chance to get your paper accepted as Full Paper, we recommend to submit it by the Early bird submission deadline, as this way you always will have a second chance to improve the paper and get another round of review. The conference language is English.  
 The Early bird submission deadline: 14 August 2023.   
 Please note that one person can be a coauthor of at maximum 3 submissions of all types: SUBMIT    
 Conference dates: | 15-17 November 2023 
  Conference location: Riga (Latvia) 
  Short Paper submission deadline: 15 September 2023 
  Full Paper Submission deadline: 15 September 2023 
  Notification of acceptance date: 13 October 2023 
  Camera-ready submission deadline: 20 October 2023 
  Authors registration deadline: 20 October 2023 
  Demos/Posters submission deadline: 6 November 2023 
  All submitted papers will be peer reviewed by the Technical Committee  . Please download the paper templates for MS Word  and LaTeX  , or you can use online LaTeX template on OverLeaf service  . Please note the following major changes in the templates: The size of page should be Letter (21.59 cm × 27.94 cm). If you are using Word margins must be: top - 1.9 cm, bottom - 1.6 cm, left - 1.57 cm and right - 1.57 cm. Please note that all Full Paper submissions shall have at least 6 full pages and the last page cannot contain only Acknowledgments and References (at least some text of the main paper, e.g., part of Conclusions, shall be on page 6).  
 The list of conference topics (we welcome you to propose new R&D topics):  
 Algorithms and Modeling 
  Artificial Intelligence in Text Analysis and Generation 
  Artificial Intelligence, Robotics and Automation 
  Big Data, Data Mining, Data Storage and Management 
  Bioinformatics, e-Health and Wellbeing 
  Blockchain Technology and Applications 
  Cloud Computing Systems, Networks and Applications 
  Cloud Computing, Data Driven Applications and Systems 
  Computer Vision, Image and Video Processing 
  Context Awareness and Proactive Services 
  Crowdsourcing and Collective Intelligence 
  Database Efficiency, Database Analytics, Optimization in Databases 
  Databases and Ad-hoc Networks, Cloud Database Environment 
  Design of Distributed Applications 
  Drone-based Environmental and Infrastructure Monitoring 
  Drones and IoT Convergence 
  Drones in Deep-learning Loops 
  Intelligence, Social Mining and Web 
  Internet of Things and Enabling Technologies 
  Knowledge and Data Managements Systems 
  Location Based Services: e-Tourism/Logistics/Navigation 
  Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligent in Database Systems 
  Natural Language Processing, Speech Technologies 
  Next Generation Networks, Wireless Technologies, 5G and beyond 
  Open Source Mobile OS: Architectures and Applications 
  Relational Databases, Autonomous Databases in Cloud 
  Relational databases, Spatial databases, SQL tuning 
  Robotics, Movement, Cognition 
  Security and Privacy: Applications and Coding Theory 
  Sensor Design, Ad-hoc and Sensor Networking 
  Simulation Platforms for Drone and Robotics Apps 
  Smart Spaces, Linked Data and Semantic Web 
  Smart Systems and Embedded Networks 
  Software Design, Innovative Applications 
  Software Engineering: Paradigms, Methodologies, Models 
  SQL tuning, Spatial Databases, Temporal Databases 
  Teaching Methodology in Computer Science 
  Wearable-Computing Novel Architectures and Solutions 
  All conference papers and abstracts will be published Open Access in FRUCT proceeding (available for free download from FRUCT proceedings catalog  ). Accepted Full papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore  subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. In addition, Full papers will be submitted for indexing to Scopus  , WoS  , ACM   , DBLP  , RSCI (in VAK list)  , Google Scholar  , etc. Proceedings of FRUCT conference Full Papers are included into Scimago Journal Rank   , AMiner  , and CORE  . The FRUCT proceedings are included to DOAJ  .  
  The selected papers get invitations to publish extended papers in the partner journals. For example, in case of successful presentation and recommendation by the session chair some papers will be invited to publish an extended version of the paper in IJERTCS journal   (indexed by Scopus).  
 FRUCT conference is a recognized high quality scientific event. FRUCT has good rating in national systems, e.g., Finnish ( JUFO=1  , JufoID: 72707), Norwegian (NSD=1), Danish (BFI=1, ID: 8782540).  
 N.B.  Please note that we cannot guaranty indexation in Scopus for Short Papers and papers from Work in Progress section. If Scopus indexing is mandatory for you then make sure that your paper is accepted as Full Paper. Authors of all accepted papers must register to the conference, pay registration fee by author’s deadline and present paper at the conference, as otherwise the paper will get technical reject.  
 Authors of top Short or Work in Progress papers get invite to make extended versions of the paper in the partner journal, which is included in all major indexes.  
 Contact information  
 Chair of the local organizing committee: Nadezda Kunicina.  
 We welcome you to join our Telegram channel https://t.me/fructorg  where you can ask questions and will receive the latest announcements and updates.  
 Alternatively, your questions about the conference can be emailed to info@fruct.org  .  

 Menu   
 Registration    
 Submit paper    
 News and Updates    
 Call for Participation    
 7th DataWorld workshop    
 Demos & Posters    
 Program    
 Venue    

 Copyright © 2007-2024 Sergey Balandin, FRUCT   
 Contacts