Logic List Mailing Archive  
 Call for Location: FSCD 2023 (Formal Structures for Computation & Deduction)  
 Call for Location for FSCD 2023 The FSCD conference covers all aspects of Formal Structures for Computation and Deduction from theoretical foundations to applications. The annual FSCD conference comprises the main conference and a considerable number of affiliated workshops (expectedly, more than ten). We invite proposals for locations to host the 8th FSCD International Conference to be held during the summer of 2023. Previous (and upcoming) FSCD meetings include: FSCD 2016 in Porto (Portugal); FSCD 2017 in Oxford (UK) co-located with ICFP 2017; FSCD 2018 in Oxford (UK) as part of FLoC 2018; FSCD 2019 in Dortmund (Germany); FSCD 2020 in Paris (France) co-located with IJCAR 2020; FSCD 2021 in Buenos Aires (Argentina); FSCD 2022 in Haifa (Israel) as part of FLoC 2022. The deadline for proposals is *** 22nd January 2022 ***. Proposals should be sent to the FSCD Steering Committee Chair (see contact information below). We encourage proposers to register their intention informally as soon as possible. The proposals will be put forward to the FSCD mailing list for an indicative vote (the results of which will not be made public), after which the final decision about hosting and organising of FSCD 2023 will be taken by the SC. Proposals should address the following points: * FSCD Conference Chair (complete name and current position), host institution, FSCD Local Committee (complete names and current positions), availability of student-volunteers. * National, regional, and local government and industry support, both organizational and financial. * Accessibility to the location (i.e., transportation) and attractiveness of the proposed site. Accessibility can include both information about local transportation and travel information to the location (flight and/or train connections), as well as estimated costs. * Appropriateness of the proposed dates (including consideration of holidays/other events during the period), hotel prices, and access to dormitory facilities for students. * Estimated costs on registration for the conference and workshops, both for regular and student participants. * Conference and exhibit facilities for the anticipated number of registrants (typically around 200). For example: number, capacity and audiovisual equipment of meeting rooms; a large plenary session room that can hold all the registrants; enough rooms for parallel sessions/workshops/tutorials; internet connectivity and workstations for demos/competitions; catering services; and presence of professional staff. * Residence accommodations and food services in a range of price categories and close to the conference venue, for example, number and cost range of hotels, and availability and cost of dormitory rooms (e.g., at local universities) and kind of services they offer. * Other relevant information, which can include information about leisure activities and attractiveness of the location (e.g., cultural and historical aspects, touristic activities, etc...). Contact information: Herman Geuvers herman@cs.ru.nl FSCD SC Chair -- [LOGIC] mailing list http://www.dvmlg.de/mailingliste.html Archive: http://www.illc.uva.nl/LogicList/ provided by a collaboration of the DVMLG, the Maths Departments in Bonn and Hamburg, and the ILLC at the Universiteit van Amsterdam