Skip to main content  Toggle navigation        
 FSTTCS 
  FSTTCS 2023 
  Archives 

 FSTTCS 2023  
 43rd IARCS Annual Conference on  
  Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science   
 Main Conference: | December 18–20, 2023 
  Venue: | IIIT Hyderabad 

 FSTTCS 2023 programme    
 FSTTCS 2023 proceedings    
 Registration details and Local information    
 Registration portal for FSTTCS 2023 and workshops    

 FSTTCS 2023 
  Submissions 
  Important Dates 
  Invited Speakers 
  Workshops 
  Accepted Papers 
  Conference Programme 
  Conference Proceedings 
  Programme Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Local Information 
  Registration 

 FSTTCS 2023  
   
 FSTTCS 2023 is the 43rd conference on Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science. It is organised by IARCS  , the Indian Association for Research in Computing Science, in association with ACM India  . It is a forum for presenting original results in foundational aspects of Computer Science and Software Technology.  
 FSTTCS 2023 will be held in IIIT Hyderabad  during December 18–20, 2023. The conference is being organized as an in-person event.  
  List of Topics  
 Track A  
 Algebraic Complexity 
  Algorithms and Data Structures 
  Algorithmic Graph Theory and Combinatorics 
  Approximation Algorithms 
  Combinatorial Optimization 
  Communication Complexity 
  Computational Biology 
  Computational Geometry 
  Computational Learning Theory 
  Cryptography and Security 
  Data Streaming and Sublinear algorithms 
  Economics and Computation 
  Parallel, Distributed and Online Algorithms 
  Parameterized Complexity 
  Proof Complexity 
  Quantum Computing 
  Randomness in Computing 
  Theoretical Aspects of Mobile and High-Performance Computing 
  Track B  
 Automata, Games and Formal Languages 
  Logic in Computer Science 
  Modal and Temporal Logics 
  Models of Concurrent, Distributed and Mobile Systems 
  Models of Timed, Reactive, Hybrid and Stochastic and Quantum Systems 
  Model Theory 
  Principles and Semantics of Programming Languages 
  Program Analysis and Transformation 
  Security protocols 
  Specification, Verification and Synthesis 
  Theorem Proving and Decision Procedures 
    
 Submission Guidelines  
   
 Submissions must be in electronic form via EasyChair  using the LIPIcs LaTeX style file available here  . Submissions must not exceed 15 pages (excluding bibliography), but may include a clearly marked appendix containing technical details. The appendix will be read only at the discretion of the program committee. Simultaneous submissions to journals or other conferences with published proceedings are disallowed.  
 Accepted papers will be published as proceedings of the conference in the ​Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)  ​ as a free, open, electronic archive with access to all. Authors will retain full rights over their work. The accepted papers will be published under a ​CC-BY license​  . For an accepted paper to be included in the proceedings, one of the authors must commit to presenting the paper in person at the conference.  
   
 Important Dates  

 Pre-conference workshops | : December 15–17, 2023 
  FSTTCS 2023 | : December 18–20, 2023 
  Satellite workshop | : December 18–20, 2023 
  Post-conference workshop | : December 21 & 22, 2023 

 Invited Speakers  

 Thomas Brihaye | , Université de Mons 
  Prasad Raghavendra | , UC Berkeley 
  Leonard Schulman | , Caltech 
  Sharon Shoham | , Tel Aviv University 
  Nisheeth Vishnoi | , Yale University 

 Workshops  

 SAT+SMT school | : December 15 – 17, 2023 
  Algorithmic Frontiers of Fairness | : December 16 & 17, 2023 
  Research Highlights in Programming Languages | : December 18–20, 2023 
  Spectral Methods in Algorithms | : December 21 & 22, 2023 

 Accepted Papers  
   
 Click here to view the list of accepted papers  .  
   
 Conference Programme  
   
 Click here to view the conference programme  .  
   
 Conference Proceedings  
   
 Click here to access the FSTTCS 2023 proceedings  .  
   
 Programme Committee  
   
 Track A  
 Siddharth Barman | (The Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru, India) 
  Arnab Bhattacharyya | (National University of Singapore, Singapore) 
  Parinya Chalermsook | (Aalto University, Finland) 
  Sivakanth Gopi | (Microsoft Research Redmond, USA) 
  Karthik C.S. | (Rutgers University, USA) 
  Venkata Koppula | (IIT Delhi, India) 
  Rucha Kulkarni | (University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, USA) 
  Mrinal Kumar | (TIFR, Mumbai, India) 
  Paloma Lima | (IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark) 
  Meena Mahajan | (The Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai, India) 
  Nikhil Mande | (University of Liverpool, UK) 
  Neeldhara Misra | (IIT Gandhinagar, India) 
  Sagnik Mukhopadhyay | (University of Sheffield, UK) 
  Meghana Nasre | (IIT Madras, India) 
  Noga Ron-Zewi | (University of Haifa, Israel) 
  Chris Schwiegelshohn | (University of Aarhus, Denmark) 
  Srikanth Srinivasan | (University of Aarhus, Denmark) – | Track A chair 
  Track B  
 Aiswarya C. | (Chennai Mathematical Institute, India) 
  Guy Avni | (University of Haifa, Israel) 
  Francesco Belardinelli | (Imperial College, UK) 
  Dietmar Berwanger | (CNRS, LMF, France) 
  Patricia Bouyer | (CNRS, LMF France) – | Track B chair 
  Arnaud Carayol | (Université Gustave Eiffel, LIGM, France) 
  Supratik Chakraborty | (IIT Bombay, India) 
  Lorenzo Clemente | (University of Warsaw, Poland) 
  Ugo Dal Lago | (Università di Bologna, Italy) 
  P. Madhusudan | (University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, USA) 
  Pavithra Prabhakar | (Kansas State University, USA) 
  Prakash Saivasan | (The Institute of Mathematical Science, Chennai, India) 
  Abhisekh Sankaran | (Tata Consultancy Services Research, Pune, India) 
  B. Srivathsan | (Chennai Mathematical Institute, India) 
  Nathalie Sznajder | (Sorbonne Université, LIP6, France) 
  Tony Tan (University of Liverpool, UK) 
    
 Organizing Committee  
   
 Suryajith Chillara | , IIIT Hyderabad – | Co-chair 
  Siddhartha Das | , IIIT Hyderabad 
  Gowtham R. Kurri | , IIIT Hyderabad 
  Grace Nalini, Outreach Department, IIIT Hyderabad 
  Chandrashekhar Sahasrabuddhe, Persistent Systems & ACM India 
  Girish Varma | , IIIT Hyderabad – | Co-chair 
  Abhijat Vichare, ACM India 
    
 Local Information  
   
 Click here for details about local arrangements and registration fees  .  
 Contact the organisers at fsttcs2023@iiit.ac.in  for any further enquiries.  
   
 Registration  
   
 Click here to register for FSTTCS 2023 and workshops  .  

  Funding and Logistics Support