IEEE.org    
   
 IEEE Xplore Digital Library    
   
 IEEE Standards    
   
 IEEE Spectrum    
   
 More Sites    

 2023 IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems       
 About | Organization Committee 
  IEEE Policies 
  Authors | Call for Papers 
  Call for Special Sessions 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Late Breaking Papers 
  Final Author Instructions 
  Presentation Instructions 
  Registration | Registration 
  Program | Program 
  Program at a Glance 
  Keynotes 
  Tutorials 
  Special Sessions 
  CIS Paper Development Workshop 
  CIS Mentor-Mentee Event 
  Panel 
  Awards 
  Photos 
  Competition and Workshops | Competition 
  Workshop and Competition 
  Venue and Accommodations | FUZZ-IEEE Transportation 
  How to get to FUZZ-IEEE 2023 
  Things To Do 
  Accomodations 
  Attendees and Grants | Attendees 
  CIS Grants 
  Sponsors | Sponsors 
  Call for Exhibitors and Sponsors 

 Registration Fees  
 CONFERENCE REGISTRATION   
   
  All payments are in USD  
  
 CONFERENCE REGISTRATION | EARLY, THROUGH JULY 5, 2023 | AFTER THE EARLY BIRD DEADLINE 
 IEEE Member | $755.00 | $855.00 
 Non-Member | $875.00 | $1015.00 
 IEEE Student Member/IEEE LifeMember | $325.00 | $425.00 
 Student Non-Member | $425.00 | $525.00 
  
  Early Bird, July, 5 Wednesday 23:59 Eastern Standard Time   

 *Advance rates are applicable until the early registration deadline.   
 Registration does not include lunch   
 Registration includes | : 
  Access to the conference. 
  An accepted paper will be published in the proceedings only if the final camera-ready version is accompanied by the payment of at least one regular registration (IEEE/ or Non-Member) for one of the authors. Student registrations do | NOT | cover the cost of a publication. 
  No accepted paper is included in the proceedings without the payment of the required registration fee. 
  No accepted paper is included in the proceedings without being presented at the conference. 
  Each regular registration covers a maximum of two papers. 
  The page limit for each paper is 6 pages. Up to two additional pages will be permitted for an additional charge of $100 per page with a maximum amount of 8 pages. 
  Proof of current full-time student status (i.e., a copy of student card or certification from current university) is required to qualify for student rates. 
  IMPORTANT: Each paper must have a corresponding registered author to be included in the proceedings. Papers that do not have an associated registered author will not be included in the proceedings. The deadline for author registration is June 20th, so be sure to register by that time to ensure that your paper is included in the proceedings. Registering late may mean that your paper may not appear in the proceedings. Please ensure that you complete your registration early. Each full registration covers a maximum of two papers. Each paper requires one full registration (even if all authors of the paper are students, i.e., a student registration does not cover any paper).  
 Refunds  :  
  All refund/cancellation requests must be received by July 1st, 2023. An administrative fee of $50 will be deducted from each refund. Authors who have uploaded their papers are NOT entitled to any refunds. For details please contact [email protected]    
 IEEE believes that science, technology, and engineering are fundamental human activities, for which openness, international collaboration, and the free flow of talent and ideas are essential. Its meetings, conferences, and other events seek to enable engaging, thought-provoking conversations that support IEEE’s core mission of advancing technology for humanity. Accordingly, IEEE is committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment to all participants, including staff and vendors, at IEEE-related events.   
 IEEE has no tolerance for discrimination, harassment, or bullying in any form at IEEE-related events. All participants have the right to pursue shared interests without harassment or discrimination in an environment that supports diversity and inclusion. Participants are expected to adhere to these principles and respect the rights of others.   
 IEEE seeks to provide a secure environment at its events. Participants should report any behavior inconsistent with the principles outlined here, to on site staff, security or venue personnel, or to  [email protected]    .   
 Usage of photographic and video material taken at IEEE events   
 To comply with global data privacy laws, IEEE imposes certain restrictions on the use of multimedia at its events (e.g. photography, video, audio, online streaming, and all future mediums). An attendee is permitted to use hand-held cameras and/or smart phones to take photographs and capture digital images for personal, non-commercial use, provided the photography is not disruptive. Photographs may not be published, sold, reproduced, transmitted, distributed or otherwise commercially exploited in any manner whatsoever.   
 IEEE may hire professional service providers (photo/video/streaming/audio) to document and display the event experience. IEEE may also use social media (e.g. Twitter) to: (i) post real-time photos and videos to its social media feeds; and (ii) display select submissions from those feeds on monitors throughout the event venue. Attendees and sponsors are encouraged to capture their event experiences and post their own social content from the event (text, photos, audio, video, streaming), provided it does not infringe upon the rights of any attendee, sponsor, third party, or IEEE. Such infringement would include, but is not limited to, defamation or infringement of intellectual property rights. In the event an attendee requires a release or permission to protect the rights of a third party, obtaining such a release or permission shall be the sole responsibility of the attendee.   
 By attending the event, you acknowledge and agree as follows: (a) IEEE may edit and use footage it captures at the event for marketing and promotional activities and for any other lawful purpose in the ordinary course of its business; and (b) due to the prevalence of mobile recording devices in today’s world, IEEE disclaims all liability for the capture of your image in any multimedia format by other attendees at the event.   
 IEEE Event Photography Statement    
  “Attendance at, or participation in, this conference constitutes consent to the use and   
  distribution by IEEE of the attendee‚s image or voice for informational, publicity,   
  promotional and/or reporting purposes in print or electronic communications media.   
  No flash photography will be used.   
  Video recording by participants and other attendees during any portion of the conference is not allowed without special prior written permission of IEEE.   
  Photographs of copyrighted PowerPoint or other slides are for personal use only and are not to be reproduced or distributed. Do not photograph any such images that are labeled as confidential and/or proprietary.”   
 IEEE Non-Discrimination Policy    
  “IEEE is committed to the principle that all persons shall have equal access to programs,   
  facilities, services, and employment without regard to personal characteristics not   
  related to ability, performance, or qualifications as determined by IEEE policy and/or   
  applicable laws.”   

 IEEE Links    IEEE Home 
  IEEE Sitemap/More Sites 
  IEEE Contact & Support 
  IEEE Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
    
 IEEE Home    
   
 IEEE Sitemap/More Sites    
   
 IEEE Contact & Support    
   
 IEEE Accessibility Statement    
   
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy    
   
 IEEE Ethics Reporting    
   
 IEEE Privacy Policy    

 This site is created, maintained, and managed by Conference Catalysts, LLC  .   
 Please feel free to contact us  for any assistance.   

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  About 
  Authors 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Competition and Workshops 
  Venue and Accommodations 
  Attendees and Grants 
  Sponsors