Skip to main content    
       
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE Global Communications Conference   
 4–8 December 2023 // Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Industry Forums and Exhibition Committee 
  Authors | Call for Demo Proposals 
  Instructions for Symposium Final Paper Upload 
  Instructions For Workshop Final Paper Upload 
  Information on Executive Forums 
  Information on Industry Presentations 
  Information on Podium Pitches 
  PAST: Call for Symposium Papers 
  PAST: Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  PAST: Call for Workshop Proposals 
  PAST: Call for Workshop Papers 
  PAST: Call for Industry Panel Proposals 
  Instructions for Symposium and Workshop Presenters 
  Program | Program-at-a-Glance 
  Keynotes 
  Executive Forums 
  Symposium Technical Sessions 
  Day 1 
  Day 2 
  Day 3 
  Industry Panels 
  IEEE Initiative 
  Tutorials 
  Industry Presentations 
  Workshops Program 
  Four-Minute-Thesis (4MT) Competition 
  Podium Presentations 
  Young Professionals Program 
  CTU Summit 
  WICE/N2Women Joint Workshop 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Board and Committee Meetings 
  Demonstration 
  Pre-University STEM Education 
  Special Events 
  Registration | Register Now 
  Transfer / Substitution Policy 
  Registration Fees and Benefits 
  Event Conduct 
  Registration Policies 
  Travel Grants 
  Hotel / Travel | Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
  Travel Information 
  Visa 
  Visa Letter Request 
  Conference Venue 
  Hotels 
  Transportations 
  Local Attractions 
  Tour Packages 
  IEEE ComSoc Child Care Grant 
  Patrons / Exhibitors | General Conference Patronage 
  Exclusive Patronage Opportunities 
   Search       

 Authors 
   
 Travel Grants 
   
 Conference Venue 

  Join us for Globecom 2023 at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia  
 News and Announcements  
 Faces of Globecom 2023     
    
 Explore the vibrant moments of Globecom 2023! From December 4th to 8th, Kuala Lumpur Conventional Centre hosted an incredible gathering of minds at Globecom 2023. Now, we invite you to relive the highlights through a captivating array of pictures.  
   
  Visit our Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/globecom2023kl  to witness the energy, enthusiasm, and innovations that unfolded during this remarkable event. Your thoughts and comments are not just welcomed; they're eagerly anticipated!  
   
  Join the conversation and share your favorite moments from Globecom 2023. Let's celebrate the spirit of collaboration and discovery together!  
   
  #Globecom2023  
  #EventHighlights  
  #MemoriesInPictures  

 Best Paper Awards Announced!     
   
 Congratulations to all GLOBECOM 2023 Best Paper Award recipients! Click here for the list of recipients   .  

 Program at a Glance      
    
 We're thrilled to unveil the latest updates for IEEE Globecom 2023   , your premier destination for knowledge and networking. Dive into our Program at a Glance   for a sneak peek into the rich tapestry of sessions, workshops, and activities awaiting you. Explore our distinguished List of Keynote speakers   who will ignite your imagination and spark enlightening discussions. Elevate your industry acumen at our List of Executive Forums   , where thought leaders converge. Gain fresh perspectives from industry experts at our List of Industry Panels   , and don't forget to take advantage of our comprehensive Tutorial sessions   . Plus, discover opportunities for financial assistance through our Travel Grants   program, ensuring accessibility for all. Stay tuned for more exciting updates as December 4th, 2023, approaches. Prepare to be inspired, informed, and connected at Globecom 2023! Intelligent Communications for Shared Prosperity    

 See you in Kuala Lumpur     

 7 Distinguished Keynote Speakers Announced for Globecom 2023      
 We are delighted to announce that our upcoming event will feature 7 exceptional keynote speakers, including Peiying Zhu from Huawei, Mathias Fink from ESPCI Paris, Mérouane Debbah from TII, Muriel Médard from MIT, Ed Tiedemann from Qualcomm, Harald Haas from the University of Strathclyde/Glasgow, and Li Tian from ZTE. These accomplished professionals areleaders in their respective fields, with extensive experience and expertise that they will bring to our event. We are thrilled to have such a distinguished group of keynote speakers and look forward to their insights and contributions to our discussions.  

 CALL FOR PATRONAGE      
 GLOBECOM 2023: CALL FOR PATRONAGE   

 Dear Sir/Madam,  
 IEEE Global Communications (GLOBECOM) 2023 conference, the flagship conference under IEEE ComSoc will finally be held in Malaysia, from 4– 8 December, in KL Convex, Kuala Lumpur.  
 We cordially invite your organization to be exhibitors and/or sponsor for GLOBECOM 2023. The theme for GLOBECOM 2023 is “Intelligent Communications for Shared Prosperity.” It is expected that more than 2000 participants including researchers, academicians, engineers, and industry players from telecommunication fields all around the globe. The event will be a good stage for your organization to showcase its research or to promote your prestige organization.  
 Attached is the sponsorship brochure for your perusal, as a start. We are open for further discussion on the matter, which can be beneficial for both your organization and the event. We hope to hear from you soon.  
 PDF version: Call for Patronage   
 Kind Regards  
  Azwan Mahmud   
  Patronage Co-chair  
  IEEE Globecom 2023  

 WELCOME TO IEEE GLOBECOM 2023  
 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM)  is one of the IEEE Communications Society’s two flagship conferences dedicated to driving innovation in nearly every aspect of communications. Each year, more than 3000 scientific researchers and their management submit proposals for program sessions to be held at the annual conference. After extensive peer review, the best of the proposals are selected for the conference program, which includes technical papers, tutorials, workshops and industry sessions designed specifically to advance technologies, systems and infrastructure that are continuing to reshape the world and provide all users with access to an unprecedented spectrum of high-speed, seamless and cost-effective global telecommunications services.  
 The 2023 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM) will be held in the warm and wonderful city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from 4 to 8 December 2023. Themed “ Intelligent Communications for Shared Prosperity   ” this flagship conference of the IEEE Communications Society will feature a comprehensive high-quality technical program including 13 symposia and a variety of tutorials and workshops. IEEE GLOBECOM 2023 will also include an attractive Industry program, with keynotes and panels from prominent research, industry and government leaders, business and industry panels, and vendor exhibits.  
   
  We would like to invite all for the upcoming Globecom 2023 at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  
 Visit this link for further information:  
  https://globecom2023.ieee-globecom.org   
 TRAVEL RESTRICTIONS   
 IEEE GLOBECOM 2023 will be held fully in person  .    
  Those authors which will not be allowed to travel abroad by strict national rules in force at the time of the conference will be given the opportunity to present their accepted work remotely through a video presentation.  

 Conference Begins  
  4 December 2023  

 Important Dates  
 Panel Proposals:   
  30 June 2023    
 Workshop Paper Submission Deadline:   
  15 July 2023   
  29 July 2023 (Extended)   
  12 August 2023 (FINAL)    
 Acceptance Notification:   
  1 August 2023    
 Camera-Ready Submissions:   
  1 September 2023    

 Platinum Patrons  

 Silver Patrons  

 Bronze Patrons  

 Special Supporters  

 Exhibitors  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies