An official website of the United States government  
 Here's how you know  
   
 Here's how you know     
   
  Official websites use .gov   
  A .gov  website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.  

  Secure .gov websites use HTTPS.   
  A lock  ( Lock  Locked padlock     ) or https://  means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.  

 Search   Menu    

   Search    search      

 Find Funding & Apply | Where to Start   For All Researchers & Educators 
  For Early-Career Researchers 
  For Postdoctoral Fellows 
  For Graduate Students 
  For Undergraduates 
  For Entrepreneurs 
  For Industry 
   Explore Funding   Search All Opportunities 
  By Directorate 
  By Upcoming Due Date 
  NSF-wide Initiatives 
  Search Funded Projects (Awards) 
   How to Apply   Preparing Your Proposal 
  Submitting Your Proposal 
  How We Make Funding Decisions 
  Proposal & Award Policies & Procedures Guide (PAPPG) 
   Additional Resources   Research.gov 
  Grants.gov 
  Baam.nsf.gov 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  Manage Your Award | Guidance For Awardees   Getting Started 
  Request a Change to Your Award 
  Report Your Outcomes 
  Proposal & Award Policies & Procedures Guide (PAPPG) 
   Additional Resources   Research.gov 
  NSF Public Access Repository (PAR) 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  Search Funded Projects (Awards) 
  Focus Areas | Areas We Fund   Arctic & Antarctic 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biology 
  Chemistry 
  Computing 
  Diversity in STEM 
  Earth & Environment 
  Education & Training 
  Engineering 
  Facilities & Infrastructure 
  Materials Research 
  Mathematics 
  People & Society 
  Physics 
  Research Partnerships 
  Technology 
  Explore all Focus Areas 
   Additional Resources   Explore Our Impacts 
  Search Funded Projects (Awards) 
  NSF by the Numbers 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  News & Events | News   News & Announcements 
  Science Matters Blog 
  Multimedia Gallery 
  For the Press 
   Events   Upcoming Events 
  NSF 75th Anniversary 
  NSF Grants Conference 
  About | Learn About NSF   Overview 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  NSF & Congress 
  Honorary Awards 
  Visit NSF 
  Contact Us 
   Work With NSF   Careers at NSF 
  Contracting With NSF 
  Partnering With NSF 
   Additional Resources   National Science Board 
  National Center for Science & Engineering Statistics (NCSES) 
  Documents & Reports 
  Budget, Performance & Financial Reporting 
  Staff Directory 

 Awards 
   Search Awards 
   Recent Awards 
   Presidential and Honorary Awards 
   About Awards 
  How to Manage Your Award 
  Grant General Conditions 
   Cooperative Agreement Conditions 
   Special Conditions 
   Federal Demonstration Partnership 
   Policy Office Website 

 Award Abstract # 1042738    
 Visualization: Transforming Communities and Practice: Gordon Research Conference, Workshops, and Mini-Grants to Advance Visualization Research in Science & Education    

 NSF Org: | IIS   
  Div Of Information & Intelligent Systems 
 Recipient: | WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY, THE 
 Initial Amendment Date: | June 8, 2011 
 Latest Amendment Date: | June 8, 2011 
 Award Number: | 1042738 
 Award Instrument: | Standard Grant 
 Program Manager: | Maria Zemankova   
  IIS  Div Of Information & Intelligent Systems   
  CSE  Direct For Computer & Info Scie & Enginr 
 Start Date: | July 15, 2011 
 End Date: | June 30, 2014 (Estimated) 
 Total Intended Award Amount: | $74,920.00 
 Total Awarded Amount to Date: | $74,920.00 
 Funds Obligated to Date: | FY 2011 = $74,920.00 
 History of Investigator: | Elizabeth | Dorland | (Principal Investigator)  
   dorland@wustl.edu 
  Ghislain | Deslongchamps | (Co-Principal Investigator) 
 Recipient Sponsored Research Office: | Washington University  
   1 BROOKINGS DR  
   SAINT LOUIS  
   MO  US  63130-4862   
  (314)747-4134 
 Sponsor Congressional District: | 01 
 Primary Place of Performance: | Washington University  
   1 BROOKINGS DR  
   SAINT LOUIS  
   MO  US  63130-4862 
 Primary Place of Performance  
  Congressional District: | 01 
 Unique Entity Identifier (UEI): | L6NFUM28LQM5 
 Parent UEI: |  
 NSF Program(s): | CYBERINFRASTRUCTURE,  
  GRAPHICS & VISUALIZATION,  
  REAL 
 Primary Program Source: | 01001112DB NSF RESEARCH & RELATED ACTIVIT    
  04001112DB NSF Education & Human Resource 
 Program Reference Code(s): | 7231,   7453,   7556,   7625 
 Program Element Code(s): | 723100,   745300,   762500 
 Award Agency Code: | 4900 
 Fund Agency Code: | 4900 
 Assistance Listing Number(s): | 47.070 

  ABSTRACT   
    
  The Gordon Research Conference (GRC) on Visualization in Science and Education is a premier meeting for active researchers from a variety of disciplines including scientific visualization, use of visualization in education, visualization design, virtual reality, cognitive research, etc. The conference provides a framework to exchange ideas and build a broadening community around a crucial cross-and trans-disciplinary field that supports scientific research and science education. This three-phase project builds on the previous meetings and activities of the interdisciplinary community of the Gordon Research Conference on Visualization in Science and Education, dating back to 1994. Phase 1 includes three pre-conference workshops (on Design Principles for the New Media, Assessing Visualizations: Design & Effectiveness, and Forging Creative Communities with Web-based Tools) and a new interactive Sci-Viz website informs and engages past and potential future members of the community with information on the pre-workshops and the conference itself, and serves as an organizing tool for dissemination and the design of the 2013 conference. Phase 2 (the conference itself) follows traditional GRC format and is held at Bryant University in July 2011 (see http://bit.ly/grc-viz-2011). Phase 3 includes collaborative efforts supported via mini-grants, post-conference activities which include a meeting to produce a follow-up report on results and lessons learned from the 8 meetings of the Visualization GRC conference series plus follow-up online activities that involve the wider community in ongoing revisions of the report as well as contributing shared resources.  
   
  The broader impacts of the conference and its associated activities are to strengthen the professional interdisciplinary community around science visualization. Interactive community website (http://taxane.chem.unb.ca/GRC-SciViz) will provide information on the series of activities and include a report outlining future research directions and collaborative activities.   
 PROJECT OUTCOMES REPORT   

 Disclaimer   
 This Project Outcomes Report for the General Public is displayed verbatim as submitted by the Principal Investigator (PI) for this award. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this Report are those of the PI and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation; NSF has not approved or endorsed its content.  

 The Gordon Research Conference on Visualization in Science and Education  allows experts and researchers in various science disciplines who develop or use visualizations to come together with experts in cognition, psychology and the learning sciences; science educators; evaluators; assessment experts; designers and artists; computer scientists; and others who develop the fundamental tools for visualization.   
 The first biennial GRC-VSE was in1994. The next meeting is in 2015. The community includes practitioners, educators and researchers from cognitive science to visual arts, chemistry to the geosciences, science education to public engagement with science, publishers to graphic arts, and software development to data mining.  
     
 By presenting results and sharing insights, the conference nurtures the visualization research community and helps to disseminate the resulting principles to designers and practitioners.  
 Questions addressed include:  
 What are the underlying lessons from the cognitive and learning sciences that can inform the design of effective visualizations in science and science education? 
  What are the limits of visualizations and what skills and experience are required to prepare students to learn from visualizations? 
  How do we keep abreast of technological developments that will impact the creation of visualizations? 
  What are some best practices for creating visualizations for learners and researchers? 
  Well-known speakers interact with other participants. Artist Graham Johnson’s work was featured on the cover of Science  three times. Photographer Felice Frankel has published several books on science visualization. Artist/illustrator Drew Berry and computer scientist Maneesh Agrawala are MacArthur Genius Award winners. Comic artist and author Larry Gonick was a speaker in 2011.   
 This project supported pre-conference workshops on Design Principles for the New Media, Assessing Visualizations: Design & Effectiveness, and Forging Creative Communities with Web-based Tools. The workshops connected experts in design and assessment with practitioners, offering participants the chance to prototype visualizations and assessments with expert and peer feedback. Funding for the main conference at Bryant University (July 2011) provided support for speakers, graduate students, and post-docs. Support for collaborative mini-grants was awarded to three interdisciplinary groups of attendees. Past chairs and speakers are a part of these teams, and many groups have then collaborated on successfully funded NSF grants. A follow-up workshop has generated a report on Lessons Learned and Recommendations for Future Research.  
 Conference evaluation data from 2001, 2005, 2007, 2009, and 2011 shows that conferees give the GRC-VSE high marks, citing the opportunity to network with colleagues, the diversity of the conferees work, and the conference structure, which enhances the ability to learn from and interact with each other. In recent years over 90% of conferees rate the meeting “above average” when compared to all other Gordon Conferences.   
 Intellectual Merit: Lessons learned by the community   
 Practical design principles for various types of scientific visualizations across disciplines 
  Visualization designers must constantly adjust as new methods, modalities, and technologies become available 
  A range of effective design strategies to help scientists represent complexity, abstractness, and large data sets. 
  The importance of incorporating lessons from cognitive scientists on how people proce...  
  
 Please report errors in award information by writing to: awardsearch@nsf.gov  . 

  Top    

 2415 Eisenhower Ave Alexandria, VA 22314   
 (703) 292-5111    
     Sign up for email updates   

 Footer  
 About Us | About NSF 
  Careers 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  National Science Board 
  Contact Us 
  What's New | News & Announcements 
  Events 
  Science Matters Blog 
  Multimedia Gallery 
  Information For | Funding Seekers 
  NSF Awardees 
  Congress 
  Media 
  Educators 
  Panelists 
  Resources | Documents & Reports 
  Budget, Performance & Financial Reporting 
  Public Access 
  Stopping Harassment 
  Research Security 
  Scientific Integrity 
  Research.gov 

 Required Policy Links  
 Vulnerability disclosure 
  Inspector General 
  Privacy 
  FOIA 
  No FEAR Act 
  USA.gov 
  Accessibility 
  Plain language