skip to main content    
 Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Queue 
  TechNews 
  Career Center 

 Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession   
   
 Join 
  Volunteer 
  myACM 
  Search Input    Search Submit 

  Join  Volunteer  myACM    
  Search      
   
 About ACM | About Home | About ACM 
  ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals 
  Governance 
  ACM Council 
  Boards and Committees 
  Past Presidents 
  ACM Constitution 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  History 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures 
  Stop Harassment 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure 
  ACM Statements 
  ACM in the News 
  Media Center 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM  
 ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.  
 [Learn More about ACM...] 
  ACM Regional Councils | ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing 
  Membership | Membership Home | About Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  Ambassadors for ACM 
  People of ACM 
  ACM People in the News 
  Join 
  Renew 
  Subscribe 
  Manage your Account / myACM 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Contact Us 
  ACM Membership  
 ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.  
 [Learn More about ACM Membership...] 
  ACM Skills Bundle Add-On | Customer Service FAQs | Become an Ambassador for ACM 
  Publications | Publications Home | About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Publications  
 For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.  
 [Learn More about ACM Publications...] 
  Publish with ACM | Select Application-Oriented Papers | Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library 
  SIGs | Special Interest Groups Home | About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] 
  Join an ACM SIG | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Conferences | Conferences Home | About Conferences 
  Conference Series 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
  ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide  
 Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.  
 [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] 
  Find an ACM Conference | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Chapters | Chapters Home | About Chapters 
  Professional Chapters 
  Student Chapters 
  Meetups 
  Newsletter 
  Calendar of Local Activities 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Annual Reports 
  Find a Chapter 
  Start a Chapter 
  Chapter Policies 
  Chapter Administrative Interface 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Chapters  
 ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.  
 [ Learn More about ACM Chapters...  ] 
  Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter | Chapter Administrative Interface | Start an ACM Chapter 
  Awards | Awards Home | About Awards 
  Award Recipients 
  ACM Fellows 
  ACM Advanced Member Grades 
  ACM Awards Committee 
  Nominate 
  Award Sponsors 
  Establish a New Award 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Awards  
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Affiliated Organizations 
  ACM Learning Center 
  Resources for Educators 
  Resources for Graduating Students 
  Education Board and Advisory Committee 
  Reports and Studies 
  Contact Us 
  Education  
 ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...  
 [Learn More about Education…] 
  ACM Education Advisory Committee Applications Open | Christine Robson TechTalk | ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus 
  Learning Center | Learning Center Home | About the Learning Center 
  E-Learning 
  Member Offers 
  TechTalks 
  ByteCast 
  Resources 
  FAQs 
  Practitioner Board 
  Professional Development Committee 
  About ACM Learning Center  
 The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. 
  ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus | ByteCast Ep58: Wen-Mei Hwu | ByteCast Ep57: Xavier Leroy 
  Public Policy | Public Policy Home | About ACM's Public Policy Work 
  Tech Policy Council 
  Europe Tech Policy 
  US Tech Policy 
  USTPC HotTopics Webinars 
  ACM TechBriefs 
  Policy Products 
  Media Releases 
  Contact Us 
  Public Policy  
 ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] 
  TechBrief on Data Privacy Protection | USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring | ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates 
  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home | About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
  Forming Diverse Teams 
  Words Matter 
  ACM Celebrates Awareness Months 
  ACM Code of Ethics 
  Stop Harassment 
  Contact Us 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  ACM-W 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] 
  DEI Articles in CACM | DEI CE Webinars | How Diverse Is Your Team? 

 SIGs Home 
   About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Start a New SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Best Paper Awards 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 

 Special Interest Groups  Connect to Specialized Computing Communities  
 Managing the dynamic challenges of the computing discipline and profession calls for collaborative efforts that can speed research, produce solutions and disseminate results.  

 Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]   

 Find a SIG Chapter Near You  
 Chapters are the "local neighborhoods" of ACM. They serve as activity hubs for ACM members and the computing community at large, offering seminars, presentations, and opportunities to meet peers and experts in many computing fields.  

 Awards & Recognition  SIGPLAN 2023 Awards Announced   
 The ACM Special Interest Group on Programming Languages (SIGPLAN) has announced its award recipients for 2023: Kathryn S. McKinley (Programming Languages Achievement Award); Talia Ringer (Distinguished Service Award); Kathi Fisler and Shriram Krishnamurthi (Distinguished Educator Award); OCaml (Programming Languages Software Award); Nate Foster (Robin Milner Young Researcher Award); Sam Westrick (John C. Reynolds Doctoral Dissertation Award); Thomas Dinsdale-Young, Lars Birkedal, Philippa Gardner, Matthew Parkinson, and Hongseok Yang (Most Influential POPL Paper Award); Jonathan Ragan-Kelley, Connelly Barnes, Andrew Adams, Sylvain Paris, Frédo Durand, and Saman Amarasinghe (Most Influential PLDI Paper Award).  

 Awards & Recognition  SIGPLAN Robert Milner Young Researcher Award Announced   
 The ACM Special Interest Group on Programming Languages  has named Cornell University Professor Nate Foster to receive the 2023 Robin Milner Young Researcher Award for his contributions to coding languages. Foster aims to enable programmers to create secure and reliable systems through languages and tools developed from his research. The design and deployment of domain-specific languages for programming computer networks is the focus of his latest work. The award honors 1991 ACM A.M. Turing recipient Robin Milner, a pioneer of programming language research who originated many foundational ideas in the field.  

 2024 Gödel Prize Recipient Announced   
 ACM’s Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory (SIGACT) and the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS) have named Ryan Williams as the recipient of the 2024 Gödel Prize for the paper "Non-Uniform ACC Circuit Lower Bounds," published in Journal of the ACM  (JACM). Ryan's "algorithms to lower bounds" paradigm pioneered in the awarded paper opened the door to a rich two-way connection between algorithmic techniques and lower bound techniques.  

 2023 Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing   
 The 2023 Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing, sponsored jointly by the ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC) and the EATCS Symposium on Distributed Computing (DISC), has be awarded to Michael Ben-Or, 2012 A.M. Turing Award recipient Shafi Goldwasser, and Avi Wigderson for "Completeness Theorems for Non-Cryptographic Fault-Tolerant Distributed Computation," David Chaum, Claude Crépeau, and Ivan Damgård for "Multiparty Unconditionally Secure Protocols," and Tal Rabin and Michael Ben-Or for "Verifiable Secret Sharing and Multiparty Protocols with Honest Majority."  

 Awards & Recognition  SIGHPC 2022 Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation Award   
 ACM’s Special Interest Group on High Performance Computing  (SIGHPC) announced that Dr. Maciej Besta of ETH Zürich has won the 2022 SIGHPC Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation Award. This award is given each year for the best doctoral dissertation completed in high performance computing (HPC) in the previous year, and includes a $2,000 cash prize, a plaque, and recognition at the International Supercomputing Conference in November. Dr. Kazem Cheshmi of University of Toronto received Honorable Mention.  

 Awards & Recognition  SIGAda Award Recipients   
 ACM’s Special Interest Group on Ada (SIGAda) announced the recipients of two awards  recognizing outstanding technical contributions and distinguished service. Fabien Chouteau is the recipient of the 2022 ACM SIGAda Robert Dewar Award for Outstanding Ada Community Contributions for broad, lasting contributions to Ada technology & usage. Luis Miguel Pinho received the 2022 ACM SIGAda Distinguished Service Award for his exceptional contributions to SIGAda activities & products.  

 Awards & Recognition  Design Automation Conference (DAC) Awards   
 The 2022 Design Automation Conference announced a pair of awards that have been conferred. The Marie R. Pistilli Women in Engineering Achievement Award  was awarded to Michelle Clancy, CEO of Cayenne Global and marketing leader in the EDA sector. The Design Automation Conference Under-40 Innovators Award  was received by Yanjing Li (University of Chicago), Luca Amaru (Synopsys), Hesham Omran (Ain Shams University), and Guangyu Sun (Peking University).  

 Learning Resource  Find an ACM Conference   
 ACM SIGs organize and sponsor more than 170 conferences, workshops and symposia worldwide. Find a gathering of like-minded computing professionals.  

 Join an ACM SIG   
 Network with like-minded professionals and enjoy unique opportunities to share technical expertise and first-hand knowledge of the latest trends.  

 Premier Resource  Bringing You the World’s Computing Literature   
 The most comprehensive collection of full-text articles and bibliographic records covering computing and information technology includes the complete collection of ACM's publications.  

 SIG Awards   
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) regularly cite outstanding individuals for their contributions in more than 30 distinct technological fields.  

 SIGGRAPH: Seminal Graphics Papers, Volume 2   
 In recognition of its 50th year as the premier conference and exhibition on computer graphics and interactive techniques, the Special Interest Group on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques (SIGGRAPH) will be publishing Seminal Graphics Papers, Volume 2  . This collection of 89 papers celebrates SIGGRAPH’s origins and continued success as a technical and professional society, and typifies the ground-breaking research that has been the conference’s hallmark since 1974. All articles will be open in the DL  with a print-on-demand version available for purchase as well  .  

 STOC Test of Time Awards Announced   
 The 2023 ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC) Test of Time Award recognizes papers published in the Proceedings of the Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing. This is the third year of this annual award. There are three awards, targeting the STOC conferences 10, 20, and 30 years prior to the year in which the award is given. The subjects of this year's selected papers include introducing fundamental techniques for producing integral solutions, quantum mechanics in theoretical computer science, adding the powerful new technique of sieving to lattice algorithms, and more.  

 Virtual Conferences  Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices   
 In March 2020 ACM formed a Presidential Task Force (PTF) to help conference organizers transition their events to online. The PTF is working on a guide to offer practical advice and shed light on the largely unfamiliar territory of online conferencing.  
 The report, available here  , includes pointers to a live document with additional resources. We welcome comments, suggestions and experience reports from the community.  

 SIG Conference Planning Guide   
 Volunteer commitment and coordination is the foundation that makes an ACM conference successful. ACM provides a comprehensive planning guide with instructions and best practices to help create the best possible event.  

 Conferences Best Paper Awards   
 Best Paper Awards are presented at many ACM conferences to authors whose work represents groundbreaking research in their respective areas. By recognizing these select papers for their ingenuity and importance, ACM highlights some of the theoretical and practical innovations that are likely to shape the future of computing .   
   
 Desirable Characteristics for AI Teaching Assistants in Programming Education   
  By Paul Denny, Stephen MacNeil, Jaromir Savelka, Leo Porter, Andrew Luxton-Reilly  
  Best Paper at ITiCSE '24: Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education  
 Mining Domain-Based Policies   
  By Si Zhang, Philip W. L. Fong  
  Best Paper Award at CODASPY '24: 14th ACM Conference on Data and Application Security and Privacy  
 The Impact of Perceived Tone, Age, and Gender on Voice Assistant Persuasiveness in the Context of Product Recommendations   
  By Sabid Bin Habib Pias, Ran Huang, Donald S. Williamson, Minjeong Kim, Apu Kapadia  
  Best paper award at CUI '24: ACM Conversational User Interfaces  
 More Best Papers    

 About ACM 
  About ACM 
  Volunteer 
  Membership 
  Join ACM 
  Renew My Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  MyACM Sign In 
  Publications 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
  Chapter Admin Interface 
  Chapter Activities Calendar 
  Start a Chapter 
  Special Interest Groups 
  SIGs Newsletter 
  Awards 
  About ACM's Awards 
  Conferences 
  ACM's Conferences 
  Code of Ethics 
  ACM's Code of Ethics 
  Enforcement Procedures 
  Media Center 
  ACM Media Center 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Education 
  Education Home 
  Privacy Policy 
  Privacy Policy Home 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact Us 
  Member Services 
  Privacy Policy 
  Social Media Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie Declaration 
  Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc