HCist - International Conference on Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies                HCist     
 Home 
  Conference | Welcome 
  Mission & Themes | Mission 
  Themes 
  Committees & Partners | Committees 
  Partners 
  Venue 
  Important dates 
  Submissions | Call for papers 
  Publications 
  Submission guidelines 
  Submit a paper 
  Reviewers login 
  Registration | Registration fees 
  Program | Schedule of events 
  Presentation guidelines 
  HOME  CONFERENCE  --- Welcome  --- Mission & Themes  ----- Mission  ----- Themes  --- Committees & Partners  ----- Committees  ----- Partners  --- Venue  --- Important dates  SUBMISSIONS  --- Call for papers  --- Publications  --- Submission guidelines  --- Submit a paper  --- Reviewers login  REGISTRATION  --- Registration fees  PROGRAM  --- Schedule of events  --- Presentation guidelines     

 Welcome  
 home 
   Welcome 

 It is our great pleasure to invite you to HCist - International Conference on Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies. Already in its thirteenth edition, the conference will be held in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal, from 13 to 15 November 2024.  
   
  During this 3-day conference, under the leitmotiv of leveraging health and social care through people, processes and information systems, academics, scientists, healthcare IT professionals, managers and solution providers from all over the world will have the opportunity to share experiences, bring new ideas, debate issues, and introduce the latest developments in the largely multidisciplinary field embraced by Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies (HCist).  
   
  All papers accepted as full or short papers  will be in the conference proceedings, to be published by Elsevier as a Procedia Computer Science series volume (which series are indexed by Scopus and Clarivate Conference Proceedings Citation Index - Web of Science (former ISI Thomson)) and will be available on Sciverse ScienceDirect. Poster papers and industry papers will be published in a conference book of abstracts, industry and poster papers (with ISBN).  
   
  Authors of selected papers will be invited to extend their papers for publication in international journals or in edited books.  
   
  Submissions will be reviewed on a double-blind review basis. Only original contributions will be accepted.  
   
  More information about publications is available here  .  
   
 Publications | Authors of selected papers will be invited to extend their papers for publication in international journals and in edited books.  
 Read more 

 CENTERIS | Conference on Enterprise Inf. Systems 
  Proj MAN | Conference on Project Management 
  HCist | Conference on Healthcare Inf. Systems 
  Contacts  
 You can contact the conference organizers using the following channels:  
 secretariat@hcist.scika.org 
      
 Supporting entities  

 Copyright © 2024 SciKA    
 Top