Skip to main content  Skip to main navigation menu  Skip to the current issue  Skip to site footer   
 Open Menu   Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing  
 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing    
   
  Current 
  Archives 
  About | About the Journal 
  Submissions 
  Privacy Statement 
  Contact 
    Search  Search      

 Login 
    
   Search  Search      

   Current Issue  
 Vol. 12 (2024): Proceedings of the Twelfth AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing   
   Edited by Gianluca Demartini, Ujwal Gadiraju   
  October 16–19, 2024, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  
 Published by The AAAI Press, Washington, DC, USA  
  Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence  
  1101 Pennsylvania Ave, NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC 20004  
  All Rights Reserved. No part of this proceedings may be reproduced in any form by any electronic or mechanical means (including photocopying, recording, or information storage and retrieval) without permission in writing from the publisher.  
  ISBN 1-57735-893-7  
  ISBN 978-1-57735-893-0  
 The 12th AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing (HCOMP 2024) was held in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from October 16-19, 2024. HCOMP 2024 focused on focused on the theme of “Responsible Crowd Work for Better AI” and was colocated with ACM UIST 2024.  
 HCOMP serves as an invaluable platform and believes in fostering and promoting broad, interdisciplinary research in human computation and crowdsourcing. Though artificial intelligence (AI) and human-computer interaction (HCI) have been conventional cornerstones of the conference, HCOMP draws upon and contributes to various fields including human-centered qualitative studies and HCI design, social computing, artificial intelligence, economics, computational social science, digital humanities, policy, and ethics. It unites a diverse community of researchers, engineers, and practitioners, encouraging collaborative progress and innovation in this evolving discipline.  

 Published:  2024-10-15    
   
 Frontmatter  
 Frontmatter   
 Gianluca Demartini, Ujwal Gadiraju   PDF 
    
 Full Archival Papers  
 An Exploratory Study of the Impact of Task Selection Strategies on Worker Performance in Crowdsourcing Microtasks   
 Huda Banuqitah, Mark Dunlop, Maysoon Abulkhair, Sotirios Terzis  2-11   PDF 
  “Hi. I’m Molly, Your Virtual Interviewer!” Exploring the Impact of Race and Gender in AI-Powered Virtual Interview Experiences   
 Shreyan Biswas, Ji-Youn Jung, Abhishek Unnam, Kuldeep Yadav, Shreyansh Gupta, Ujwal Gadiraju  12-22   PDF 
  Disclosures & Disclaimers: Investigating the Impact of Transparency Disclosures and Reliability Disclaimers on Learner-LLM Interactions   
 Jessica Y. Bo, Harsh Kumar, Michael Liut, Ashton Anderson  23-32   PDF 
  Atlas of AI Risks: Enhancing Public Understanding of AI Risks   
 Edyta Bogucka, Sanja Šćepanović, Daniele Quercia  33-43   PDF 
  Toward Context-Aware Privacy Enhancing Technologies for Online Self-Disclosure   
 Tingting Du, Jiyoon Kim, Anna Squicciarini, Sarah Rajtmajer  44-54   PDF 
  Unveiling the Inter-Related Preferences of Crowdworkers: Implications for Personalized and Flexible Platform Design   
 Senjuti Dutta, Rhema Linder, Alex C. Williams, Anastasia Kuzminykh, Scott Ruoti  55-64   PDF 
  Estimating Contribution Quality in Online Deliberations Using a Large Language Model   
 Lodewijk Gelauff, Mohak Goyal, Bhargav Dindukurthi, Ashish Goel, Alice Siu  65-74   PDF 
  Investigating What Factors Influence Users’ Rating of Harmful Algorithmic Bias and Discrimination   
 Sara Kingsley, Jiayin Zhi, Wesley Hanwen Deng, Jaimie Lee, Sizhe Zhang, Motahhare Eslami, Kenneth Holstein, Jason I. Hong, Tianshi Li, Hong Shen  75-85   PDF 
  Combining Human and AI Strengths in Object Counting under Information Asymmetry   
 Songyu Liu, Mark Steyvers  86-94   PDF 
  Mix and Match: Characterizing Heterogeneous Human Behavior in AI-assisted Decision Making   
 Zhuoran Lu, Syed Hasan Amin Mahmoo, Zhuoyan Li, Ming Yin  95-104   PDF 
  Utility-Oriented Knowledge Graph Accuracy Estimation with Limited Annotations: A Case Study on DBpedia   
 Stefano Marchesin, Gianmaria Silvello, Omar Alonso  105-114   PDF 
  Assessing Educational Quality: Comparative Analysis of Crowdsourced, Expert, and AI-Driven Rubric Applications   
 Steven Moore, Norman Bier, John Stamper  115-125   PDF 
  Predicting and Understanding Human Action Decisions: Insights from Large Language Models and Cognitive Instance-Based Learning   
 Thuy Ngoc Nguyen, Kasturi Jamale, Cleotilde Gonzalez  126-136   PDF 
  User Profiling in Human-AI Design: An Empirical Case Study of Anchoring Bias, Individual Differences, and AI Attitudes   
 Mahsan Nourani, Amal Hashky, Eric D. Ragan  137-146   PDF 
    
 Workshop Papers  
 Responsible Crowdsourcing for Responsible Generative AI: Engaging Crowds in AI Auditing and Evaluation   
 Wesley Hanwen Deng, Mireia Yurrita, Mark Díaz, Jina Suh, Nick Judd, Lara Groves, Hong Shen, Motahhare Eslami, Kenneth Holstein  148-150   PDF 
  PACE: Participatory AI for Community Engagement   
 Saad Hassan, Syeda Mah Noor Asad, Motahhare Eslami, Nicholas Mattei, Aron Culotta, John Zimmerman  151-154   PDF 
  Human Computation, Equitable, and Innovative Future of Work AI Tools   
 Kashif Imteyaz, Claudia Flores Saviaga, Saiph Savage  155-156   PDF 

 View All Issues   

 Information  
 For Readers 
  For Authors 
  For Librarians 

 Part of the  
  PKP Publishing Services Network 

  Copyright © 2019, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. All rights reserved.