Heterogeneity in Computing Workshop  HCW 2025 | June 4, 2025 | Milan, Italy     
   
 No results found.  

    Heterogeneity in Computing Workshop   
 HCW 2025 | June 4, 2025 | Milan, Italy   
  Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Submissions 
  Program 
  People 
  Previous 
  HCW 2024 
  HCW 2023 

 Updated Nov 04, 2024    
   
 HCW 2025  
 The thirty-fourth Heterogeneity in Computing Workshop ( HCW  ) will be held at the Politecnico di Milano, Milan, Italy, on June 4, 2025  . HCW is annually organized in conjunction with the International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium ( IPDPS  ).  
 Heterogeneous computing systems comprise growing numbers of increasingly more diverse computing resources that can be local to one another or geographically distributed. The opportunity and need for effectively utilizing heterogeneous computing resources has given rise to the notions of cluster computing, grid computing, and cloud computing. HCW encourages paper submissions from both the research and industry communities presenting novel ideas on theoretical and practical aspects of computing in heterogeneous computing environments.  
 The HCW 2025 Call for Papers will be available mid-December.  
       
 Milan, Italy    
  
 General Co-Chairs  : DK Panda (panda.2 at osu dot edu) and Hari Subramoni (subramoni.1 at osu dot edu), The Ohio State University, USA  
 Technical Program Committee Chair  : Ali Akoglu (akoglu at arizona dot edu), University of Arizona, USA  
 Contact Persons  : Please contact the General Co-Chairs or the Technical Program Committee Chair.  
 Please join the HCW Announce Google Group  to receive annual updates about the workshop (less than six emails a year).  
 Sponsors  
 IEEE IPDPS 2025 is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, through the Technical Committee on Parallel Processing (TCPP), and is held in cooperation with the IEEE Computer Society Technical Committees on Computer Architecture (TCCA) and Distributed Processing (TCDP).  
 HCW 2025 is sponsored by IEEE IPDPS 2025.  
  Call for Papers