Home #3 
  Program 
  Registration 
  Sponsors 
  Committees 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call For Tutorials 

  Hot Interconnects 2024 
  August, 21st - 23rd 

 Home 
  Program 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call For Tutorials 
  Sponsors 
  Committees 
  Registration 

 Welcome to the 31st iteration of the IEEE Hot Interconnects symposium. HotI’2024 will be held virtually.  
 CONFERENCE VIDEOS UPLOADED ON HOTI YOUTUBE CHANNEL!   
 CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS ARE NOW AVAILABLE!   
   
 IEEE Hot Interconnects is the premier international forum for researchers and developers of state-of-the-art hardware and software architectures and implementations for interconnection networks of all scales, ranging from multi-core on-chip interconnects to those within systems clusters, and data centers. Leaders in industry and academia attend the conference to interact with individuals at the forefront of this field.  
 Our objective is to address the data center networking and the supercomputing communities. We hope you can join us and benefit not only from the content but also from the prime networking opportunities this event always offers.  
 2024 Conference Theme –  Can Interconnects Keep up with AI?   
 The explosion of AI and workloads related to machine learning and deep learning boggles the mind. Whether in massive data centers, edge locations, automobiles, or consumer appliances, AI stands to improve many tasks useful to people at work or at leisure. The demand for GPUs, DPUs, TPUs, and IPUs taxes the ability of their manufacturers to meet the market demand. Efficient utilization of these xPUs requires high speed and highly scalable interconnects. Whether between xPUs or between an xPU and memory, data transfer can easily become a bottleneck in computing efficiency.  
 In this edition of IEEE Hot Interconnects, we explore advances in interconnection networks that alleviate this bottleneck. Solutions including optical circuit switching, dense photonic data paths, high-performance fabrics, and more will expand from the specialized applications of HPC to the pervasive applications of AI and in the process will become more affordable. This year’s HotI will thus be captivatingly relevant.  

 KEYNOTES  

    Connectivity for AI Everywhere: The Role of Chiplets    
 Tony Chan Carusone   
  CTO, Alphawave Semi and Professor of ECE, University of Toronto  

    Powering Llama 3: A Sneak-peek into Meta's Massive Infrastructure for Generative AI   
 Pavan Balaji   
  Principal Research Scientist and Technical Lead, Meta  

      Keeping Pace: Micro-Models, Large Language Models, and the Co-Evolution of Chip and Data Center Design in a Rapidly Shifting AI Landscape    
 Mark Baciak   
  CTO, NeuralFabric Corp  

 PANEL  

 Bandwidth Scaling for AI Interconnect - More Wavelengths versus More Fiber?   

 With AI model size doubling every four months, the size of AI compute clusters is growing rapidly to keep up. Traditional data center front-end networks rely on optical interconnect for data movement with Terabits per second of connectivity and have been doubling data rate every 4 years. As the models grow it is also expected that the back-end GPU networks expand beyond the confines of the rack. Optical interconnects will be needed at distances of tens of meters with 10Tb/s data transfer rates and doubling every 2 years will be expected. How should optical interconnects best achieve this bandwidth increase and what is the best performance axis to push next? In this panel discussion we pose the question – “Is it better to scale with more wavelengths or by adding more fibers?” Join us to see if any of the panelists can convince you they have the right approach.  

 Moderator: Dr. Katharine Schmidtke - Co-founder, Eribel Systems   

 Dr. Dan Kuchta –  Research Staff Member, IBM Research Yorktown  

 Dr. Peter Winzer –  Founder & CTO, Nubis Communications  

 Dr. Rebecca Schaevitz  – Co-founder & Chief Product Officer, MixxTech  

 Dr. Amit Nagra  – VP & GM, Silicon Photonics Product Division, Intel  

 Dr. Alan Liu  – Co-founder & CEO, Quintessent  

 Dr. Bardia Pezeshki –  Founder & CEO, Avicena  

 IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement  

 Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion are central to the goals of the IEEE Computer Society and all of its conferences. Equity at its heart is about removing barriers, biases, and obstacles that impede equal access and opportunity to succeed. Diversity is fundamentally about valuing human differences and recognizing diverse talents. Inclusion is the active engagement of Diversity and Equity. A goal of the IEEE Computer Society is to foster an environment in which all individuals are entitled to participate in any IEEE Computer Society activity free of discrimination.  
 For this reason, the IEEE Computer Society is firmly committed to team compositions in all sponsored activities, including but not limited to, technical committees, steering committees, conference organizations, standards committees, and ad hoc committees that display Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion.  
 IEEE Computer Society meetings, conferences and workshops must provide a welcoming, open and safe environment, that embraces the value of every person, regardless of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, religion, national origin, ancestry, or disability. All individuals are entitled to participate in any IEEE Computer Society activity free of discrimination, including harassment based on any of the above factors.  

 IEEE Event Conduct and Safety Statement  

 IEEE believes that science, technology, and engineering are fundamental human activities, for which openness, international collaboration, and the free flow of talent and ideas are essential. Its meetings, conferences, and other events seek to enable engaging, thought provoking conversations that support IEEE’s core mission of advancing technology for humanity. Accordingly, IEEE is committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment to all participants, including staff and vendors, at IEEE-related events.  
 IEEE has no tolerance for discrimination, harassment, or bullying in any form at IEEE- related events. All participants have the right to pursue shared interests without harassment or discrimination in an environment that supports diversity and inclusion. Participants are expected to adhere to these principles and respect the rights of others. IEEE seeks to provide a secure environment at its events. Participants should report  
  any behavior inconsistent with the principles outlined here, to on site staff, security or venue personnel, or to eventconduct@ieee.org   

 31st IEEE Hot Interconnects symposium.   

 info@hoti.org 

 HotI 2024  

 Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Sponsors 
  Committees 

 Archive  

 Hoti 2023 | Website  | Proceedings   
  Hoti 2021 | Website  | Proceedings   
  Hoti 2020 | Website  | Proceedings   
  More    

 Online Conference   
 August 21st - 23rd   

 This site follows the IEEE Privacy Policy    

 © Copyright 2022 by Gaviasthemes. Editions by Emilio Paolini and Timothy Stamler. Hot Interconnects 2024.   

 Twitter     Facebook-square     Linkedin     Youtube