HOME | Archives 
  Online Proceedings 
  COMMITTEES | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  PROGRAM | Advance Program 
  Keynote Lectures 
  Industry Keynote Lectures 
  Workshops | EduHiPC Workshop 
  Digital Agriculture Workshop 
  HPC and AI on Arm 
  Indo-US Initiatives 
  Student Research Symposium 
  Birds-of-a-Feather Session 
  INFO FOR AUTHORS | Registration 
  Author Resources 
  Call For Papers (Closed) 
  Call For Workshops (Closed) 
  Call For Posters (Closed) 
  INFO FOR ATTENDEES | Proceedings Access Instructions 
  Registration 
  HiPC’ 23 Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Travel 
  TCPP Travel Grant 
  Visa Invitation Letter 
  SPONSORSHIP 

 H I  PC  

  30 th  IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics   
   
  December 18-21, 2023   
  Goa, India   

 HiPC' 23  
  Venue      

 Keynote  
  Speakers      

 Conference  
  Registration      

 Registration  
  Information      

 Author  
  Resources      

 About HiPC 2023    
  
 HiPC 2023 is the 30th edition of the IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics. It will be an in-person event in Goa, India, from December 18 to December 21, 2023  .   
  
 The meeting will be organized under two focus areas: High Performance Computing (HPC) and Scalable Data Science. The conference features a robust single-track technical program of peer reviewed papers and invited keynote lectures.   

  Chiranjib Sur       
 Shell, India & Krea University, India      
 General Co-  Chair     

  Neelima Bayyapu       
 Manipal Institute of Technology, India      
 General Co-  Chair     

 Yogish Sabharwal     
 IBM Research, India      
 Program Co-chair      
 High Performance Computing   

 Gerald F Lofstead II     
 Sandia National Laboratories, USA      
 Program Co-chair      
 Scalable Data Science    

 18 th  - 21 st  December 2023    

 H I  PC   

 30 th  IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING, DATA, & ANALYTICS  
  Goa, India  

 ABOUT HiPC 2023  

 HiPC 2023 is the 30th edition of the IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics.   
  
 The meeting will be organized under two focus areas: High Performance Computing (HPC) and Scalable Data Science. The conference features a robust single-track technical program of peer reviewed papers and invited keynote lectures.   

 Chiranjib Sur,   
 Shell, India & Krea University, India     
 General Co-Chair 

 Neelima Bayyapu   
 Manipal Institute of Technology, India   
 General Co-Chair 

 Yogish Sabharwal, IBM Research, India    
 Program Co-Chair – HPC 

 Gerald F Lofstead II, Sandia National Laboratories , USA    
 Program Co-Chair – Data Science 

 HiPC 2023 SPONSORS  

  Titanium Sponsors  

  Gold Sponsors  

  Exhibitors  

  SRS Sponsors  

 BE A SPONSOR >>      

 IEEE Conduct and Safety Statement  

 IEEE believes that science, technology, and engineering are fundamental human activities, for which openness, international collaboration, and the free flow of talent and ideas are essential. Its meetings, conferences, and other events seek to enable engaging, thought provoking conversations that support IEEE’s core mission of advancing technology for humanity. Accordingly, IEEE is committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment to all participants, including staff and vendors, at IEEE-related events.   
  
 IEEE has no tolerance for discrimination, harassment, or bullying in any form at IEEE-related events. All participants have the right to pursue shared interests without harassment or discrimination in an environment that supports diversity and inclusion.   
 Participants are expected to adhere to these principles and respect the rights of others. IEEE seeks to provide a secure environment at its events. Participants should report any behavior inconsistent with the principles outlined here, to on site staff, security or venue personnel, or to [email protected]   .   

 Diversity and Inclusion @ HiPC  

 HiPC is committed to the promotion of diversity and inclusion in all professional activities. We  encourage the diversity and welcome everyone regardless of age, gender identity, race, ethnicity, socioeconomic background, country of origin, religion, sexual orientation, physical ability, political views, education, and work experience.    

 Copyright © 2024 HiPC - High Performance Computing