Skip to main content 
  Skip to primary sidebar 
  Human-System Interaction (HSI) Lab   

 Home 
  Projects 
  News 
  Publications 
  People 
  Outreach & Education 
  Opportunities 
  Contact Us 

 Secondary Menu  Welcome to HSI lab !  
  
 We are focused on understanding human behavior  and abilities in complex systems and using Human-Systems Engineering methods  to improve  human performance, design of tools, machines, tasks, and systems, and ultimately to enhance the quality of life!  .  
 Please visits our current Projects  to find out more about HSI lab and see the Opportunities  Page if you are interested to work with us.  
  (Jul. 2021.) HSI lab in collaboration with ACELAB and Drs. Camille Peres and Robin Murphy have been awarded an NSF grant to study a Multi-disciplinary Computational Model of Worker, Task, and Context for Real-time Adaptive Procedural Systems. For more information regarding this award, please see: https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=2106963&HistoricalAwards=false 
  HSI lab members, Summer 2021 
   (Mar. 2021.) Dr. Zahabi has been awarded the NSF CAREER award to study Adaptive Driver Assistance Systems and Personalized Training for Law Enforcement Officers. For more information regarding this award, please see ( https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=2041889&HistoricalAwards=false  ) 
  (Jul. 2020.) HSI lab in collaboration with Wichita State University has been awarded an NSF grant to develop seamless and inclusive location-based services for communities (Click here  for more information) 
  (May. 2020.) HSI lab has been awarded a grant from Safety through Disruption (Safe-D) University Transportation Center (UTC) to study the advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) in police vehicles (Click here  for more information) 
  (Apr. 2020.) HSI lab’s collaborated research with TTI and NeuroErgonomics lab was featured on the Engineering News website and on EurekAlert today (Click here  for more information) 
  (Feb. 2020.) HSI lab research was featured in KBTX news (Click here  for more information) 
  (Feb. 2020.) Texas A&M researchers working to improve prosthetic devices (Click here  for more information) 
  (Jan. 2020.) 3 things you need to know about the new driving simulator (Click here  for more information) 
  (Jan. 2020.) Algorithms improve prosthetics for upper limb amputees (Click here  for more information) 
  (Nov. 2019.) HSI lab has been awarded a pilot project grant from North Carolina Occupational Safety and Health Education and Research Center (NC OSHERC) (Click here  for more information) 
  (Oct. 2019.) HSI Lab has been awarded an NSF grant to study cognitive workload of electromyography (EMG)-based human-machine interfaces (Click here  for more information) 
  (Sep. 2019.) HSI lab in collaboration with HF&ML and HF&CS laboratories has purchased a state-of-the-art driving simulator! (Click here  for more information) 
  (Dec. 2018.) HSI Lab was Awarded a T3 Grant to Study Emergency Responder Interactions with In-vehicle Technologies (Click here  for more information) 

 Latest news  
 Vanessa Nasr (HSI lab PhD candidate) won the 2024 Student Member with Honors Award from the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society | September 25, 2024 
  Dr. Zahabi Received IISE Hamed K. Eldin Outstanding Early Career IE in Academia Award from the Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers (IISE) | June 26, 2024 
  Dr. Zahabi received the TEES Young Faculty Award from Texas A&M University | April 9, 2024 
  Junho Park (HSI lab PhD graduate) won the HFES 2023 student member with honors award | September 8, 2023 
  Junho Park (HSI lab PhD graduate) joined Santa Clara University as Assistant Professor | August 8, 2023 

 Search this website        

 © 2016–2024 Human-System Interaction (HSI) Lab Log in   

 State of Texas 
  Open Records 
  Risk, Fraud & Misconduct Hotline 
  Statewide Search 
  Site Links & Policies 
  Accommodations 
  Environmental Health, Safety & Security 
  Employment