CfP 
  Committees 
  Venue 
  Evolution 
  History | 2024  2023  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  2016  2015  2014  2009  2006 

 June 11 - 13, 2025, Munich, Germany   

 25th International Conference on Innovations for Community Services (I4CS)  
  It is our great honor to welcome you to the 25th Computer Science Conference on Innovations for Community Services, celebrating a quarter-century of pioneering advancements under the motto of "Celebrating I4CS' Quarter-Century."  
 For the past 25 years, our conference has served as a vibrant hub for researchers, practitioners, and stakeholders from a multitude of fields, all united by a shared goal: to explore the cutting-edge developments in computer science and their profound potential to enrich community services. This milestone year, we are excited to continue this proud tradition by further focusing on the transformative impact of technology on the essence and well-being of our communities.  
 Our comprehensive program features a rich tapestry of engaging presentations, thought-provoking panel discussions, and hands-on workshops, all designed to investigate the convergence of technology, applications, and community. We will delve into a wide array of topics, including smart community applications, emerging technological frameworks, data-driven social enhancements, and more. By fostering a culture of collaboration and innovation, we aim to discover creative solutions to the challenges our communities face and work collectively towards a more interconnected, sustainable future.  
 We believe that your participation in this conference will be both enlightening and inspiring. We look forward to your active involvement and the invaluable contributions you will bring to our discussions. Thank you for joining us in this landmark event.  
    
  Announcement: 25th International Conference on Innovations for Community Services (I4CS)  
  
 The 25th I4CS  will take place in Munich, June 11 - 13, 2025  , following the motto "Celebrating I4CS' Quarter-Century".  
    
 February 1, 2025 | Paper submission 
 March 1, 2025 | Authors' notification 
 March 15, 2025 | Camera-ready copies 
 March 15, 2025 | Presenters' registration 
 June  11 - 13  , 2025 | Conference 

 Call for Paper  
 Your work focuses on the topics "Technology, Applications, Socialization" of our conference? Submit a paper for review and become a part of our community!  
 Details   

 Venue  
 Maastricht is a picturesque city in the southernmost part of the Netherlands, known for its charming cobblestone streets, historic architecture, and vibrant cultural scene.  
 Details   

 Committee  
 We are very proud that the conference and our community can rely on the longstanding support of our members on the program committee. Their expertise helps us to select outstanding papers for the conference.  
 Details   

 Conference Proceedings  
  
 As in the previous years, I4CS 2025 will publish their proceedings  with Springer in " Communications in Computer and Information Science  " (CCIS) series. In addition, the papers will be submitted to indexing libraries, e.g. DBLP, Scopus.  

 Technology  
 Emerging Architectures and Frameworks  
  
 Data architectures and enablers for community services 
  Cryptography and cryptology 
  5G/6G technologies and ad-hoc wireless networks 
  Data models, analytics, and big data management 
  Quantum and cloud computing 

 Applications  
 Smart Communities on the Move  
  
 Social networks, open data, and distributed coworking 
  Barrier-free collaboration, publishing, and eLearning 
  Recommender solutions and chat bots 
  Virtual & augmented reality, robotics, and mobile e-sports 
  Intelligent traffic, logistics, and connected cars 

 Socialization  
 Ambient Work and Living  
  
 Distributed work challenges and eHealth-assisted living 
  Machine Learning, human-centered AI, and governance 
  Smart home, energy control, and public infrastructure 
  Internet of things and dynamic sensor networks 
  Cyber- and information security 

 I4CS is hosted by  

 LMU Munich, Germany   

  I4CS is supported by  

 Ernst-Abbe-Hochschule Jena, University of Applied Sciences   

 Deutsche Telekom AG, Group Technology   

 I4CS is published by  

 Communications in Computer and Information Science by Springer   

 Back to top   
 © 2024 I4CS Conference · Disclaimer