Skip to main content 
    AAAI  
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence  
   
  Menu  AAAI  
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence 

  Menu   About AAAI | News 
  Officers and Committees 
  Staff 
  Bylaws 
  Awards | Fellows Program 
  Classic Paper Award 
  Dissertation Award 
  Distinguished Service Award 
  Allen Newell Award 
  Outstanding Paper Award 
  Award for Artificial Intelligence for the Benefit of Humanity 
  Feigenbaum Prize 
  Patrick Henry Winston Outstanding Educator Award 
  Engelmore Award 
  AAAI ISEF Awards 
  Senior Member Status 
  Conference Awards 
  Partnerships 
  Resources 
  Mailing Lists 
  Past Presidential Addresses 
  Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures 
  Past Policy Reports | The Role of Intelligent Systems in the National Information Infrastructure (1995) 
  A Report to ARPA on Twenty-First Century Intelligent Systems (1994) 
  Logos 
  Ethics & Diversity 
  Conferences & Symposia | AAAI Conference 
  AIES AAAI/ACM 
  AIIDE 
  EAAI 
  HCOMP 
  IAAI 
  ICWSM 
  Spring Symposia 
  Summer Symposia 
  Fall Symposia 
  Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events 
  Publications | AI Magazine 
  Conference Proceedings 
  AAAI Publication Policies & Guidelines 
  Request to Reproduce Copyrighted Materials 
  Contribute 
  Order Proceedings 
  AI Magazine 
  Membership | Member Login 
  Chapters 
   AI Jobs 
  AITopics 
  Contact 
   Twitter 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 

 The 38th Annual AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence  
 February 20-27, 2024 | Vancouver, Canada  

 AAAI-24 
  Attend | AAAI-24 Photos 
  Accommodations & Travel 
  Job Fair 
  Lunch with a Fellow 
  Onsite Childcare 
  Registration and Visa Information 
  Student Scholarship and Volunteer Program 
  Program | AAAI-24 Paper Awards 
  AAAI-24 Program Overview and Schedule 
  AAAI-24 Invited Talks 
  AAAI-24 Panels 
  AAAI-24 Technical Program 
  Bridge Program 
  Demonstration Program 
  Diversity & Inclusion Activities 
  Doctoral Consortium Program 
  EAAI-24 Program 
  IAAI-24 Program 
  Journal Track 
  New Faculty Highlights Program 
  Student Abstracts and Poster Program 
  Senior Member Presentation Program 
  Tutorial and Lab Forum 
  Undergraduate Consortium Program 
  Workshop Program 
  Sponsors | AAAI-24 Sponsors 
  Become a Sponsor 
  Policies & Guidelines | AAAI Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events 
  Ethical Guidelines for AAAI-24 Reviewers 
  Policies for AAAI-24 Authors 
  Publications Ethics and Malpractice Statement 
  Organization | Conference Organizers 
  Program Committee 
  Senior Program Committee 
  Area Chairs 
  Calls | Main Technical Track 
  Special Track on AI for Social Impact 
  Special Track on Safe, Robust and Responsible AI 
  Bridge Program 
  Demonstration Program 
  Diversity and Inclusion Activities 
  Doctoral Consortium: Call for Proposals 
  EAAI-24 Call for Participation 
  IAAI-24 Call for Participation 
  New Faculty Highlights 
  Senior Member Presentation Track 
  Student Abstract and Poster Program 
  Tutorial and Lab Forum 
  Undergraduate Consortium 
  Workshops 

 The Thirty-Sixth Annual Conference on Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence (IAAI-24) February 22-24,2024  
 The Thirty-Sixth Annual Conference on Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence (IAAI-24) is a venue for papers describing highly innovative realizations of AI technology. The objective of the conference is to showcase successful applications and novel uses of AI. The conference will use technical papers, best practice papers, invited talks, and panel discussions to explore issues, methods, and lessons learned in the development and deployment of AI applications; and to promote an interchange of ideas between basic and applied AI and the discourse on the actual deployment of AI in practice. The general goal of the conference is to teach people the challenges and solutions to accomplishing something useful in the real world, as opposed to describing a new algorithm.  
   
 IAAI-24 Schedule    
   
 Tracks with Accepted Papers  
  Deployed Highly Innovative Applications of AI​  
 Papers submitted to this track must describe deployed applications with measurable benefits that include an innovative use of AI technology. Applications are defined as deployed once they are in production use by their final end-users and the in-use experience can be meaningfully collected and reported. The study may evaluate either a stand-alone application or a component of a complex system.   
 General Commerce Intelligence: Glocally Federated NLP-Based Engine for Privacy-Preserving and Sustainable Personalized Services of Multi-Merchants  
  Kyoung Jun Lee; Baek Jeong; Suhyeon Kim; Dam Kim; Dongju Park   
   
  Transformer-Empowered Multi-Modal Item Embedding for Enhanced Image Search in E-commerce  
  Chang Liu; Peng Hou; Anxiang Zeng; Han Yu   
   
  The Virtual Driving Instructor: Multi-Agent System Collaborating via Knowledge Graph for Scalable Driver Education  
  Johannes Rehm; Irina Reshodko; Stian Zimmermann Børresen; Odd Erik Gundersen   
   
  HiFi-Gas: Hierarchical Federated Learning Incentive Mechanism Enhanced Gas Usage Estimation  
  Hao Sun; Xiaoli Tang; Chengyi Yang; Zhenpeng Yu; Xiuli Wang; Qijie Ding; Zengxiang Li; Han Yu   
   
  High Significant Fault Detection in Azure Core Workload Insights  
  Pranay Lohia; Laurent Boué; Sharath Ranganath; Vijay Agneeswaran   
   
  IBCA: An Intelligent Platform for Social Insurance Benefit Qualification Status Assessment  
  Yuliang Shi; Lin Cheng; Cheng Jiang; Hui Zhang; Guifeng Li; Xiaoli Tang; Han Yu; Zhiqi Shen; Cyril Leung   
   
  Some Like It Small: Czech Semantic Embedding Models for Industry Applications  
  Jiří Bednář; Jakub Náplava; Petra Barančíková; Ondřej Lisický   
   
  Building Conversational Artifacts to Enable Digital Assistant for APIs and RPAs  
  Jayachandu Bandlamudi; Kushal Mukherjee; Prerna Agarwal; Ritwik Chaudhuri; Rakesh Pimplikar; Sampath Dechu; Alex Straley; Anbumunee Ponniah; Renuka Sindhgatta   
   
  Promoting Research Collaboration with Open Data Driven Team Recommendation in Response to Call for Proposals  
  Siva Likitha Valluru; Biplav Srivastava; Sai Teja Paladi; Siwen Yan; Sriraam Natarajan   
   
  DCV2I: A Practical Approach for Supporting Geographers’ Visual Interpretation in Dune Segmentation with Deep Vision Models  
  Anqi Lu; Zifeng Wu; Zheng Jiang; Wei Wang; Eerdun Hasi; Yi Wang   
   
  KAMEL: Knowledge Aware Medical Entity Linkage to Automate Health Insurance Claims Processing  
  Sheng Jie Lui; Cheng Xiang; Shonali Krishnaswamy   
   
  Flood Insights: Integrating Remote and Social Sensing Data for Flood Exposure, Damage, and Urgent Needs Mapping  
  Zainab Akhtar; Umair Qazi; Aya El-Sakka; Rizwan Sadiq; Ferda Ofli; Muhammad Imran   
   
  A Submodular Optimization Approach to Accountable Loan Approval  
  Kyungsik Lee; Hana Yoo; Sumin Shin; Wooyoung Kim; Yeonung Baek; Hyunjin Kang; Jaehyun Kim; Kee-Eung Kim   
   
  Check-In Desk Scheduling Optimisation at CDG International Airport  
  Thibault Falque; Gilles Audemard; Christophe Lecoutre; Bertrand Mazure   
 Emerging Applications of AI  
 Emerging applications papers ‘bridge the gap’ between basic AI research and case studies of deployed AI applications, by discussing efforts to apply AI tools, techniques, or methods to real-world problems in novel ways.   
 A Virtual Driving Instructor That Generates Personalized Driving Lessons Based on Student Skill Level  
  J. Fredrik R. Bjørnland; Yrjar Gedde; Johannes Rehm; Irina Reshodko; Odd Erik Gundersen   
   
  Tell Me What Is Good about This Property: Leveraging Reviews for Segment-Personalized Image Collection Summarization  
  Monika Wysoczanska; Moran Beladev; Karen Lastmann Assaraf; Fengjun Wang; Ofri Kleinfeld; Gil Amsalem; Hadas Harush Boke   
   
  A Framework for Mining Speech-to-Text Transcripts of the Customer for Automated Problem Remediation  
  Prateeti Mohapatra; Gargi Dasgupta   
   
  BERTground: A Transformer-Based Model of Background Spectra on the ISS-Based NICER Space Telescope  
  Anh N. Nhu; Abderahmen Zoghbi   
   
  AutoMixer for Improved Multivariate Time-Series Forecasting on Business and IT Observability Data  
  Santosh Palaskar; Vijay Ekambaram; Arindam Jati; Neelamadhav Gantayat; Avirup Saha; Seema Nagar; Nam H. Nguyen; Pankaj Dayama; Renuka Sindhgatta; Prateeti Mohapatra; Harshit Kumar; Jayant Kalagnanam; Nandyala Hemachandra; Narayan Rangaraj   
   
  Pharmacokinetics-Informed Neural Network for Predicting Opioid Administration Moments with Wearable Sensors  
  Bhanu Teja Gullapalli; Stephanie Carreiro; Brittany P Chapman; Eric L Garland; Tauhidur Rahman   
   
  Multi-Stage Prompting for Next Best Agent Recommendations in Adaptive Workflows  
  Prerna Agarwal; Harshit Dave; Jayachandu Bandlamudi; Renuka Sindhgatta; Kushal Mukherjee   
   
  Neural Bookmarks: Information Retrieval with Deep Learning and EEG Data  
  Glenn Bruns; Michael Haidar   
   
  Interactive Mars Image Content-Based Search with Interpretable Machine Learning  
  Bhavan Vasu; Steven Lu; Emily Dunkel; Kiri L. Wagstaff; Kevin Grimes; Michael Mcauley   
   
  Combining Machine Learning and Queueing Theory for Data-Driven Incarceration-Diversion Program Management  
  Bingxuan Li; Antonio Castellanos; Pengyi Shi; Amy Ward   
   
  Improving Health Information Access in the World’s Largest Maternal Mobile Health Program via Bandit Algorithms  
  Arshika Lalan; Shresth Verma; Paula Rodriguez Diaz; Panayiotis Danassis; Amrita Mahale; Kumar Madhu Sudan; Aparna Hegde; Milind Tambe; Aparna Taneja   
   
  ETDPC: A Multimodality Framework for Classifying Pages in Electronic Theses and Dissertations  
  Muntabir Hasan Choudhury; Lamia Salsabil; William A. Ingram; Edward A. Fox; Jian Wu   
   
  Data-Driven Structural Fire Risk Prediction for City Properties  
  Rupasree Dey; Alan Fern   
   
  Attention-Based Models for Snow-Water Equivalent Prediction  
  Krishu K Thapa; Bhupinderjeet Singh; Supriya Savalkar; Alan Fern; Kirti Rajagopalan; Ananth Kalyanaraman   
   
  Redefining the Laparoscopic Spatial Sense: AI-Based Intra- and Postoperative Measurement from Stereoimages  
  Leopold Müller; Patrick Hemmer; Moritz Queisner; Igor Sauer; Simeon Allmendinger; Johannes Jakubik; Michael Vössing; Niklas Kühl   
   
  VeriCompress: A Tool to Streamline the Synthesis of Verified Robust Compressed Neural Networks from Scratch  
  Sawinder Kaur; Yi Xiao; Asif Salekin   
   
  CHRONOS: A Schema-Based Event Understanding and Prediction System  
  Maria Chang; Achille Fokoue; Rosario Uceda-Sosa; Parul Awasthy; Ken Barker; Sadhana Kumaravel; Oktie Hassanzadeh; Elton Soares; Tian Gao; Debarun Bhattacharjya; Radu Florian; Salim Roukos   
   
  Using Adaptive Bandit Experiments to Increase and Investigate Engagement in Mental Health  
  Harsh Kumar; Tong Li; Jiakai Shi; Ilya Musabirov; Rachel Kornfield; Jonah Meyerhoff; Ananya Bhattacharjee; Chris Karr; Theresa Nguyen; David Mohr; Anna Rafferty; Sofia Villar; Nina Deliu; Joseph Jay Williams   
   
  Optimizing IT FinOps and Sustainability through Unsupervised Workload Characterization  
  Xi Yang; Rohan R. Arora; Saurabh Jha; Chandra Narayanaswami; Cheuk Lam; Jerrold Leichter; Yu Deng; Daby M. Sow   
   
  TelTrans: Applying Multi-Type Telecom Data to Transportation Evaluation and Prediction via Multifaceted Graph Modeling  
  ChungYi Lin; Shen-Lung Tung; Hung-Ting Su; Winston H. Hsu   
   
  Symbol Description Reading  
  Karol Lynch; Bradley Eck; Joern Ploennigs   
   
  Improving Autonomous Separation Assurance through Distributed Reinforcement Learning with Attention Networks  
  Marc W. Brittain; Luis E. Alvarez; Kara Breeden   
 Deployed Innovative Tools for Enabling AI Applications  
 Within this track, are papers describing *deployed* tools for improving applied AI innovation and deployment of AI systems.   
 A Model for Estimating the Economic Costs of Computer Vision Systems That Use Deep Learning  
  Neil Thompson; Martin Fleming; Benny J. Tang; Anna M. Pastwa; Nicholas Borge; Brian C. Goehring; Subhro Das   
   
  Building Higher-Order Abstractions from the Components of Recommender Systems  
  Serdar Kadıoğlu; Bernard Kleynhans   
   
  End-to-End Phase Field Model Discovery Combining Experimentation, Crowdsourcing, Simulation and Learning  
  Md Nasim; Xinghang Zhang; Anter El-Azab; Yexiang Xue   

 Innovative Inter-disciplinary AI Integration  
 This track is devoted to the integration of AI components with the focus on how the orchestration of methods from different AI silos requires the adaptation of existing technologies to allow them to work together well for application of AI in practice.   
 Automated State Estimation for Summarizing the Dynamics of Complex Urban Systems Using Representation Learning  
  Maira Alvi; Tim French; Philip Keymer; Rachel Cardell-Oliver   
   
  A Generalizable Theory-Driven Agent-Based Framework to Study Conflict-Induced Forced Migration  
  Zakaria Mehrab; Logan Stundal; Srinivasan Venkatramanan; Samarth Swarup; Bryan Leroy Lewis; Henning S. Mortveit; Christopher L. Barrett; Abhishek Pandey; Chad R. Wells; Alison P. Galvani; Burton H. Singer; Seyed M. Moghadas; David Leblang; Rita R. Colwell; Madhav V. Marathe   
 AI Incidents and Best Practices  
 Papers in this track analyze the factors related to AI incidents and the best practices for preventing or mitigating their recurrence.   
 AI Risk Profiles: A Standards Proposal for Pre-deployment AI Risk Disclosures  
  Eli Sherman; Ian Eisenberg   
   
  When Your AI Becomes a Target: AI Security Incidents and Best Practices  
  Kathrin Grosse; Lukas Bieringer; Tarek R. Besold; Battista Biggio; Alexandre Alahi   
   
  Merging AI Incidents Research with Political Misinformation Research: Introducing the Political Deepfakes Incidents Database  
  Christina P. Walker; Daniel S. Schiff; Kaylyn Jackson Schiff   
   
  AI Evaluation Authorities: A Case Study Mapping Model Audits to Persistent Standards  
  Arihant Chadda; Sean McGregor; Jesse Hostetler; Andrea Brennen   
 IAAI-24 Co-Chairs:  
 Alex Wong | (University of Waterloo, Canada) 
  YuHao Chen | (University of Waterloo, Canada) 
  Jan R. Seyler | (Festo, Germany) 

 This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. Copyright  © 2024 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence.  
  Your use of this site is subject to our Terms and Conditions  and Privacy Policy  .  

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT