ICAISC 2025  Menu   About 
  Scope 
  Important Dates 
  Program Committee 
  Contact 
  Invited Talks 
  Submission 
  Conference Details | Program 
  Venue 
  Previous Conferences 
  Related Conferences 
  Special Sessions 
  Payment 

 ICAISC 2025  
 The 24th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing  
 June 22-26, 2025  

 About ICAISC 2025  
 The 24th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing ICAISC 2025 will be held in Zakopane (situated in the High Tatra mountains), Poland in June 22-26, 2025 in Bachleda Kasprowy Zakopane Hotel  . The conference will provide an excellent opportunity for scientists and engineers to present and discuss the latest scientific results and methods. The conference will include keynote addresses, contributed papers, and numerous lectures and tutorials on a wide range of topics. The Conference will be held in the hybrid mode: online and on-site in Zakopane  . The authors of accepted papers will have a choice to present their papers on-line, or on site in Zakopane, Mercury Kasprowy Hotel, Poland. All accepted papers, irrespective of the presentation mode, will be included in the LNAI conference proceedings.  
 The working language of the conference is English. Only original, unpublished papers are invited. Authors should submit an electronic version of papers by the conference web page. The papers should be organized in accordance with a common scientific structure (abstract, state of the art in the field, intention, used methodology, obtained results and references). Papers will undergo double-blind reviewing by an international committee, and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the conference topics. Please prepare anonymized versions of the paper being submitted. Please preserve anonymity by avoiding providing information that may identify the authors in the acknowledgements, links to websites and the literature references. After the notification of acceptance, authors will be allowed to make a correction in accordance with the suggestions of the reviewers and submit final camera-ready papers in Latex format only. The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence. Springer LNAI proceedings will be available online shortly after the conference. Accepted papers must be presented by the author(s) personally to be published in the conference proceedings.  
 Beware of the Fake ICAISC Conference from WASET  
 We would like to bring to your attention the issue of fake conferences organized by WASET (World Academy of Science, Engineering, and Technology). It has come to our notice that WASET has a history of hosting dubious conferences that lack academic rigor and credibility. We advise you to thoroughly research any conference before committing to it and to consult with trusted colleagues or academic advisors if you have doubts. Please read more at:  
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Academy_of_Science,_Engineering_and_Technology   
  https://predatory-publishing.com/how-many-conferences-does-waset-organise/   
 Indexing  
 ICAISC H5-index = 20 (provided by Google Scholar Metrics):  
  ICAISC 2021 at Research.com   
  ICAISC 2020 at Research.com   
 All the previous ICAISC proceedings belong to the top most downloaded eBooks in the SpringerLink (top 25% most downloaded eBooks). The Proceedings of ICAISC are available here: https://link.springer.com/conference/icaisc   

  Previous    Next     

 Scope  
 Contributions covering all theoretical developments and practical applications in artificial intelligence and soft computing techniques, including but not limited to the following technical areas, are invited:  
 AI and adversarial attacks 
  Agent-based systems 
  Ant colony optimization 
  Approximate reasoning 
  Artificial immune systems 
  Artificial Intelligence in modelling and simulation 
  Artificial Intelligence in scheduling and optimization 
  Artificial life 
  Bioinformatics and computational biology 
  Brain-machine interfaces 
  Cognitive systems and applications 
    
 Collective intelligence 
  Computer vision 
  Data mining 
  Differential Evolution 
  Evolutionary data mining 
  Evolutionary design 
  Evolutionary scheduling 
  Expert systems 
  Explainable AI 
  Fuzzy Computing with Words 
  Fuzzy control and intelligent systems 
  Fuzzy decision making and decision support systems 
  Fuzzy logic and fuzzy set theory 
    
 Fuzzy optimization and design 
  Fuzzy pattern recognition 
  Fuzzy systems for robotics 
  Game theory 
  Generative artificial intelligence 
  Hardware Implementations 
  Intelligent database systems 
  Knowledge engineering 
  Large language models 
  Machine learning 
  Modeling and identification 
  Molecular and quantum computing 
  Multi-agent systems 
    
 Natural language processing 
  Neural Network Theory and Architectures 
  Particle swarm optimization 
  Robotics and related fields 
  Robust and secure machine learning algorithms 
  Rough sets and rough data analysis 
  Speech understanding 
  Supervised and Unsupervised Learning 
  Type-2 fuzzy logic 
  Various Applications 
  Web intelligence 
  Human–computer interaction 

  Previous    Next     

   Your browser does not support the audio tag.    

 Committee on Informatics of the Polish Academy of Sciences     
   
 Poland Section of IEEE Computer Society Chapter C16   

 IEEE Poland Section Computational Intelligence Society Chapter   

 Co-organiser and sponsor: University of Social Sciences in Lodz, Poland      

 Important Dates  
 1. Submission of papers in accordance with Springer guidelines:   
 November 15, 2024  January 15, 2025    

 2. Notification of acceptance:   
 from Feb. 1, 2025    

 3. Submission of camera-ready papers:   
 April 10, 2025    

 4. Conference date:   
 June 22-26, 2025    

 Copyright © 2024 - Polish Neural Network Society. All rights reserved.