About EATCS 
  How to Join 
  Organization 
  Bulletin 
  Conferences 
  Awards 
  Publications 
  Schools 
    
 Home 
  Contact 
  Social Media 
  Site Map 
  Members 

 ICALP 2023 - First Call for Papers  
 Submissions  : February 11, 2023 at 11am CET  
 The 50th EATCS International Colloquium on Automata, Languages, and Programming (ICALP) will take place in: Paderborn, Germany, on July 10-14, 2023.  
 ICALP is the main conference and annual meeting of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS). As usual, ICALP will be preceded by a series of workshops, which will take place on July 10.  
 The 50th EATCS International Colloquium on Automata, Languages, and Programming (ICALP) will take place in:  
 Paderborn, Germany, on July 10-14, 2023.  
 ICALP is the main conference and annual meeting of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS). As usual, ICALP will be preceded by a series of workshops, which will take place on July 10.  
 The 2023 edition has the following features:  
 Submissions are anonymous, and there is a rebuttal phase.  
 The conference is planned as a physical, in-person event.  
 This will be the 50th ICALP conference and some special events are planned.  
 Important dates and information   
 Submissions: February 11, 2023 at 11am CET  
 Rebuttal: March 22-25, 2023  
 Author notification: April 21, 2023  
 Camera-ready version: May 5, 2023  
 Early registration: TBA  
 Conference: July 10-14, 2023 (Workshops on July 10, 2023)  
 Deadlines are firm; late submissions will not be considered.  
  
 Conference website: https://icalp2023.cs.upb.de/   
 Twitter: @ICALPconf  
 Submission (tracks A and B): EasyChair ICALP 2023  
  
 Invited Speakers   
 Anna Karlin - University of Washington, USA  
 Rasmus Kyng - ETH Zurich, Switzerland  
 Rupak Majumdar - Max Planck Institute for Software Systems, Germany  
 Thomas Vidick - California Institute of Technology, USA, and Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel  
 James Worrell - University of Oxford, UK  
  
 Submission guidelines   
 Papers must present original research on the theory of computer science. No prior publication and no simultaneous submission to other publication outlets (either a conference or a journal) is allowed. Authors are encouraged to also make full versions of their submissions freely accessible in an on-line repository such as ArXiv, HAL, ECCC.  
 Submissions take the form of an extended abstract of no more than 15 pages, excluding references and a clearly labelled appendix. The appendix may consist either of omitted proofs or of a full version of the submission, and it will be read at the discretion of program committee members. The extended abstract has to present the merits of the paper and its main contributions clearly, and describe the key concepts and technical ideas used to obtain the results. Submissions must provide the proofs which can enable the main mathematical claims of the paper to be fully verified.  
 Submissions are anonymous. The conference will employ a fairly lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work are in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”).  
  
 The purpose of this double-blind process is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, and not to make it impossible for them to discover who the authors are if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas.  
 The submissions are done via Easychair to the appropriate track of the conference (see topics below). The use of pdflatex and the LIPIcs style are mandatory: papers that deviate significantly from the required format risk rejection without consideration of merit.  
 During the rebuttal phase, authors will have from March 22-25 to view and respond to initial reviews. Further instructions will be sent to authors of submitted papers before that time.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register for the conference, and all talks are in-person. In exceptional cases, there may be support for remotely presenting a talk.  
 Papers authored only by students should be marked as such upon submission in order to be eligible for the best student paper awards of the track.  
  
 Awards   
 During the conference, the following awards will be given:  
  
 the EATCS award  
 the Church prize  
 the Presburger award  
 the EATCS distinguished dissertation award  
 the best papers for Track A and Track B  
 the best student papers for Track A and Track B (see submission guidelines)  
  
 Proceedings   
 ICALP proceedings are published in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) series. This is a series of high-quality conference proceedings across all fields in informatics established in cooperation with Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz Center for Informatics. LIPIcs volumes are published according to the principle of Open Access, i.e., they are available online and free of charge.  
  
 Topics   
 Papers presenting original research on all aspects of theoretical computer science are sought. Typical but not exclusive topics of interest are:  
  
 Track A: Algorithms, Complexity and Games   
  
 Algorithmic and Complexity Aspects of Network Economics  
 Algorithmic Aspects of Biological and Physical Systems  
 Algorithmic Aspects of Networks and Networking  
 Algorithmic Aspects of Security and Privacy  
 Algorithmic Game Theory and Mechanism Design  
 Approximation and Online Algorithms  
 Combinatorial Optimization  
 Combinatorics in Computer Science  
 Computational Complexity  
 Computational Geometry  
 Computational Learning Theory  
 Cryptography  
 Data Structures  
 Design and Analysis of Algorithms  
 Distributed and Mobile Computing  
 Foundations of Machine Learning  
 Graph Mining and Network Analysis  
 Parallel and External Memory Computing  
 Parameterized Complexity  
 Quantum Computing  
 Randomness in Computation  
 Sublinear Time and Streaming Algorithms  
 Theoretical Foundations of Algorithmic Fairness  
  
 Track B: Automata, Logic, Semantics, and Theory of Programming   
  
 Algebraic and Categorical Models of Computation  
 Automata, Logic, and Games  
 Database Theory, Constraint Satisfaction Problems, and Finite Model Theory  
 Formal and Logical Aspects of Learning  
 Formal and Logical Aspects of Security and Privacy  
 Logic in Computer Science and Theorem Proving  
 Models of Computation: Complexity and Computability  
 Models of Concurrent, Distributed, and Mobile Systems  
 Models of Reactive, Hybrid, and Stochastic Systems  
 Principles and Semantics of Programming Languages  
 Program Analysis, Verification, and Synthesis  
 Type Systems and Typed Calculi  

 ICALP 2023 Programme Committee   
 Track A: Algorithms, Complexity and Games   
  
 Amir Abboud (Weizmann Institute, Israel)  
 Mikkel Abrahamsen (University of Copenhagen, Denmark)  
 Sepehr Assadi (Rutgers University, USA)  
 Aditya Bhaskara (University of Utah, USA)  
 Arnab Bhattacharyya (National University of Singapore, Singapore)  
 Greg Bodwin (University of Michigan, USA)  
 Karl Bringmann (Saarland University, Germany)  
 Clément Canonne (University of Sydney, Australia)  
 Vincent Cohen Addad (Google Research, Zurich)  
 Amin Coja Oghlan (TU Dortmund, Germany)  
 Michael (Mike) Dinitz (Johns Hopkins University, USA)  
 Uriel Feige (Chair) (Weizmann Institute and MSR, Israel)  
 Moran Feldman (University of Haifa, Israel)  
 Sebastian Forster (University of Salzburg, Austria)  
 Sumegha Garg (Harvard University, USA)  
 Parikshit Gopalan (Apple, USA)  
 Russell Impagliazzo (University of California, San Diego, USA)  
 Karthik C.S.(Rutgers University, USA)  
 Yin Tat Lee (University of Washington, USA)  
 Stefano Leonardi (Sapienza Universita di Roma, Italy)  
 Sepideh Mahabadi (MSR Redmond, USA)  
 Giulio Malavolta (Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy, Germany)  
 Jesper Nederlof (Utrecht University, Netherlands)  
 Vianney Perchet (Ensae and Criteo AI Lab, France)  
 Will Perkins (Georgia Institute of Technology, USA)  
 Marcin Pilipczuk (University of Warsaw, Poland, and IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark)  
 Aviad Rubinstein (Stanford University, USA)  
 Barna Saha (University of California San Diego, USA)  
 Rahul Santhanam (University of Oxford, UK)  
 Thatchaphol Saranurak (University of Michigan, USA)  
 Igor Shinkar (Simon Fraser University, Canada)  
 Mohit Singh (Georgia Institute of Technology, USA)  
 David Steurer (ETH Zurich, Swizerland)  
 Ola Svensson (EPFL, Switzerland)  
 Inbal Talgam-Cohen (Technion, Israel)  
 Kavitha Telikepalli (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, India)  
 Vera Traub (University of Bonn, Germany)  
 Salil Vadhan (Harvard University, USA)  
 David Wajc (Google Research, USA)  
 Henry Yuen (Columbia University, USA)  
 Meirav Zehavi (Ben-Gurion University, Israel)  
  
 Track B: Automata, Logic, Semantics, and Theory of Programming   
  
 Shaull Almagor (Technion, Israel)  
 Albert Atserias (Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya, Barcelona, Spain)  
 Christel Baier (TU Dresden, Germany)  
 Véronique Bruyère (University of Mons, Belgium)  
 Thomas Colcombet (IRIF / CNRS / Université Paris Cité, France)  
 Andrei Bulatov (Simon Fraser University, Canada)  
 Wojciech Czerwiński (University of Warsaw, Poland)  
 Kousha Etessami (Chair) (University of Edinburgh, UK)  
 John Fearnley (University of Liverpool, UK)  
 Dana Fisman (Ben-Gurion University, Israel)  
 Rob van Glabbeek (University of New South Wales, Australia)  
 Chris Heunen (University of Edinburgh, UK)  
 Justin Hsu (Cornell University, USA)  
 Stefan Kiefer (University of Oxford, UK)  
 Kohei Kishida (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, USA)  
 Jan Kretinsky (Technical University of Munich, Germany)  
 Karoliina Lehtinen (CNRS, Université Aix Marseille et Université de Toulon, LIS, France)  
 Anthony Widjaja Lin (TU Kaiserslautern & MPI-SWS, Germany)  
 Wim Martens (University of Bayreuth, Germany)  
 Joanna Ochremiak (CNRS, University of Bordeaux, France and University of Warsaw, Poland)  
 Daniela Petrisan (Université Paris Cité, IRIF, France)  
 Sam Staton (University of Oxford, UK)  
 Ashutosh Trivedi (University of Colorado - Boulder, USA)  
 Takeshi Tsukada (Chiba University, Japan)  
 Mahesh Viswanathan (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, USA)  
  
 ICALP 2023 Workshop Chair   
 Track A and B:   
  
 Matthias Fischer  
 Selection Committee:   
 Johannes Blömer  
 Christian Scheideler  
 Friedhelm Meyer auf der Heide  
 See more details on the Call for Workshops webpage.  
  
 ICALP 2023 Proceedings Chair   
 Gabriele Puppis (University of Udine, Italy)  
 ICALP 2023 Organizing Committee  
 Ulrich Ahlers  
 Bernard Bauer  
 Johannes Blömer  
 Tanja Bürger  
 Nadija Carter  
 Fabian Eidens  
 Rainer Feldmann  
 Matthias Fischer  
 Sevag Gharibian (Chair)  
 Marion Hucke  
 Claudia Jahn  
 Friedhelm Meyer auf der Heide  
 Franziska Reichelt  
 Petra Schäfermeyer  
 Christian Scheideler  
 Ulf-Peter Schroeder  
 Christian Soltenborn  
 Anna Steinig  
 Thomas Thissen  
 Heinz Georg Wassing 

 We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set.   

 European Association for Theoretical Computer Science - Maintained and hosted by RU1  / CTI  .