Skip to main content    
     
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency   
 1–5 May 2023 // Dubai, United Arab Emirates   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Authors | Instructions for Final Paper Upload 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Papers & Talks 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Demos 
  Instructions for poster presentation 
  Program | Keynotes 
  ICBC 2023 FINAL PROGRAM 
  ICBC 2023 PHOTOS 
  WORKSHOP 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Venue / Hotel | Hotels 
  Visa Letter Request 
  Know before you go to Dubai 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  Call for Papers  
   
 Deadline extension for paper submission: December 18, 2022.    
 NOTE  : ICBC’23 will be operated with double-blind review process! The conference will also adopt a rebuttal procedure  .  
 CALL FOR PAPERS  The final Call-for-Paper is available for download here  .  
 ICBC 2023 will be the 5th edition of the IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency, sponsored by the IEEE Communications Society. ICBC 2023 is seeking submissions of technical papers (both full and short), posters, and tutorial proposals in the following areas related to Blockchains and Cryptocurrencies as well as emerging areas of Blockchains.  
 Distributed Consensus & Fault Tolerance Algorithms 
  Performance, Scalability Issues 
  Distributed Database Technologies for Blockchain 
  Blockchain Interoperability and Cross-chain mechanisms 
  Blockchain Platforms 
  Decentralized App Development, DAPPs, and Services 
  Smart Contracts and Verification 
  Security, Privacy, Attacks, Forensics 
  Transaction Monitoring and Analysis 
  Regulations & Policies in Cryptocurrency 
  Novel Mechanisms for the Creation, Custody, and Exchange of Cryptoassets 
  Anonymity and Criminal Activities of the Cryptocurrency 
  Managing the Risks of Cryptocurrency 
  Distributed Trust 
  Decentralized Internet Infrastructure 
  Decentralized Financial Services 
  Blockchain for Internet of Things/Cyber Physical Services 
  Blockchain social media platforms/tokens 
  Blockchain and Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence 
   
 SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS   
 ICBC 2023 authors are invited to submit papers describing original, previously unpublished work, not currently under review by another conference, workshop, or journal. Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process, and all submissions must be made electronically through EDAS via the URL  . Note that the maximum paper length is 8 pages for full papers, 4 pages for short papers, 2 pages for poster submissions, and 16 pages for Systemization of Knowledge (SoK) papers, all excluding references. The paper submission templates are available on IEEE Manuscript Templates for Conference Proceedings  .  
  
 IMPORTANT DATES   
 Paper Submission Deadline: | December 4, 2022 | New date: | December 18, 2022 
  Tutorial Proposal Submission Deadline: February 10, 2023 
  Demo Submission Deadline: February 18, 2023 
  Acceptance Notifications: February 12, 2023 
  Tutorial Acceptance Notifications: March 1, 2023 
  Demo Acceptance Notifications: February 28, 2023 
  Camera-Ready Deadline: March 19, 2023 

 Instructions for Final Paper Upload 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Papers & Talks 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Demos 
  Instructions for poster presentation 

 Patrons  
     
 Gold   

 Technical Sponsors  

 Destination Partner  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies