×   Association 
  Conferences 
  Community 
  Resources | Bibliography 
  CC Forum 
  Journals 
  Teaching CC 
  Blog 

 Association 
  Conferences 
  Community 
  Resources 
  Blog 

 Current ICCC   

 Welcome to the home of the Association for Computational Creativity. Here you can find information about conferences   , books   and journals   on Computational Creativity, as well as keep up with the latest news and events   .  
 Conferences  
 The International Conference on Computational Creativity ( ICCC  ) is the premier academic forum for researchers.  
 Read More    
   
  Resources  
 Learn about Computational Creativity with recommended books and journals, and our comprehensive bibliography.  
 Read More    
   
   News & Events  
 Keep up to date with the latest news and events in the field of Computational Creativity by following our blog.  
 Read More    

 ICCC'24 Jönköping, Sweden   
   
 The 15th International Conference on Computational Creativity (ICCC'24) will be held on June 17-21 2024, in Jönköping, Sweden.  

 READ MORE   

 ACC Steering Committee Vacancies   
   
 Vacancies to be filled in the ACC Steering Committee.  

 READ MORE   

 Recent Posts   
  
 ICCC’24 Call for Papers    
  
 November 17, 2023   
 The 15th International Conference on Computational Creativity (ICCC’24) is welcoming full paper submissions on different aspects of CC, on systems that exhibit varying degrees of creative autonomy, on systems that act as creative partners for human creators, on frameworks that offer greater clarity or computational felicity for thinking about machine (and human) creativity, on methodologies […]  
   
 ICCC’23 Proceedings    
  
 October 15, 2023   
 The ICCC’23 Proceedings are available! You can download the Proceedings here. More info on ICCC’23: here  
   
 Call for venues to organize ICCC    
  
 May 7, 2023   
 The Association for Computational Creativity (ACC) invites all its members and any colleagues interested in the area to submit a proposal for organising the International Conference on Computational Creativity in 2024 (ICCC’24) and 2025 (ICCC’25). For ICCC’24, the Association will favour proposals to host the conference within Europe; however, if no submission satisfies the ACC’s […]  

 ACC   
  Association for  
   Computational Creativity   
  Copyright © ACC 2020   
     
 For more information  
  info@computationalcreativity.net   
  or find us on Facebook  or Twitter   
   
  subscribe our mailing list here   

 Search anything!   
   Search     
 ×