Registration 
  Program | Conference Program 
  Books Release 
  Paper Awards 
  Keynotes 
  Industry Panel 
  Artist Panel 
  Doctoral Consortium Program 
  Conference | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Declaration of Values 
  Reviewer Best Practices 
  How to get to Waterloo 
  Accommodation 
  About Waterloo 
  Calls | Full Papers 
  Short Papers 
  Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

   Conference   
 Proceedings   
 The conference proceedings are available!   
 More info here    
   
 Conference   
 Three Papers Awarded   
 Best paper, short paper, and student paper were awarded!   
 Read More    

 Recent Posts   
  
 Full Program Announced    
   
 June 10, 2023    
 Conference Full Schedule Available The full conference program schedule is now available Read More  
   
 Program     
   
 Industry Panel Announced    
   
 May 24, 2023    
 Program Industry Panel Announced Join us for a discussion on the recent proliferation of creative machines. Read More  
   
 Program     
   
 Industry Panel: Creative Machines Unleashed: Perspectives from Industry, Academia, Venture & Ethics    
   
 May 24, 2023    
 Event date: June 21, 5 PM – 6:30 PM Location: Federation Hall, Main Room Moderator: Maya Ackerman, Santa Clara University and WaveAI Panelists (remote): Minda Brusse, Managing Partner at First Row Partners Irina Raicu, Internet Ethics Program Direction at the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics David Loker, Co-Founder/CTO at WaveAI Mike Cook, Senior Lecturer at […]  
   
 Program     

 Welcome to the 14th International Conference on Computational Creativity, ICCC’23!   
 Computational creativity is the art, science, philosophy, and engineering of computational systems which, by taking on particular responsibilities, exhibit behaviors that unbiased observers would deem to be creative. As a field of research, this area is thriving, with progress in formalizing what it means for software to be creative, along with many exciting and valuable applications of creative software in the sciences, the arts, literature, gaming, and elsewhere.  
 The ICCC conference series organized by the Association for Computational Creativity since 2010 is the only scientific conference that focuses on computational creativity alone and also covers all aspects of it.  
 ICCC’23 will take place June 19 – June 23, 2023, at the University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada.  

 Important Dates   
 Full Paper Submissions: | February 28, 2023 
  Full Paper Acceptance notification: | April 21, 2023 
  Short Paper Submissions: | May 2, 2023 
  Full Paper Camera-ready copies: | May 12, 2023 
  Short Paper Acceptance notification: | May 19, 2023 
  Short Paper Camera-ready copies: | May 31, 2023 
  Conference: | June 19 – June 23, 2023 

 ICCC'23   
 14th International Conference on Computational Creativity   
 Copyright © ICCC 2023   

 Contact us  
  iccc23@computationalcreativity.net   
  Facebook  , Twitter  or Instagram  .  
   
  Get news about ICCC  
  subscribe our mailing list    

 Supported by