CCINLP 2023  
 Special Session on Computational Collective Intelligence and Natural Language Processing  
 at the 15th International Conference on Computational Collective Intelligence (ICCCI 2023)   
  Budapest, Hungary, September 27-29, 2023  
  Conference website: http://www.iccci.pwr.edu.pl  Special Session  Organizers  
 Prof. Ismail Biskri   
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science  
  University of Québec a Trois-Rivieres, Canada  
  E-mail: ismail.biskri@uqtr.ca   

  Prof. Nadia Ghazzali   
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science  
  University of Québec a Trois-Rivieres, Canada  
  E-mail: nadia.ghazzali@uqtr.ca   

  Objectives and topics  
 Today, people working in Natural Language Processing domain are often members of interdisciplinary teams, including computer scientists, experts in artificial intelligence, mathematicians, statisticians, logicians, linguists, philosophers, cognitive scientists, cognitive psychologists, psycholinguists, anthropologists and neuroscientists, among others. Natural Language Processing is not just a subfield of computer science, information systems, information science, information engineering, and artificial intelligence. It is, also, connected to cognitive sciences through the development of cognitive theories.  
   
  We can see Natural Language Processing divided into two parts: (1) its theoretical descriptions and implementations; (2) its real-world applications. The theoretical aspect includes philosophical hypothesis, psychological hypothesis, linguistics methods as semantics, syntax, morphology, etc., or numerical methods as classification, neural networks, Naive Bayes, deep learning, etc. At the present stage of research, there still gaps between theoretical approaches, computer implementations and real-world applications. There are many computer applications without any solid theoretical foundations, and there are many theoretical methods with no computer implementation and real-world applications. Theoretical Methods and computational implementations for the Natural Language Processing must take into account this epistemological chain for to lead to effective, robust and reliable systems.  
   
  Papers and contributions are encouraged for any work relating to Natural Language Processing and its applications. Topics of interest may include (but are in no way limited to): Philosophy of language – new developments, 
  Cognitive semantics, 
  Logics of language, 
  Language modeling, 
  Computational linguistics (lexicology; morphology; syntax; semantics), 
  Information extraction, 
  Domain ontologies, linguistic ontologies, 
  Knowledge processing, 
  Translation, 
  Clustering, 
  Classification 
  Text-mining, 
  Deep-Learning, 
  Conversational agents, 
  Chatbots, 
  Natural language for smart services, 
  etc