About Us | About APSCE 
  President's Message 
  Constitution and Guidelines 
  Executive Committee 
  Subcommittees 
  Former Presidents 
  APSCE Fellows 
  Affiliate 
  Members/Students Support | Overview of APSCE Membership 
  Register for Membership 
  Mailing List 
  Student Wing 
  APSCE Excellence Scholarship Award (ESA) 
  Conferences | ICCE 2024 
  Past Conferences 
  Brief History 
  Conference regulations, processes and guidelines 
  TBICS | TBICS Working Group 
  TBICS Steering Committee 
  2024 CTE-STEM 
  2024 ICFULL 
  2024 MetaACES 
  Journal | About RPTEL 
  RPTEL Editorial Board 
  RPTEL Call for Papers 
  RPTEL Published Papers 
  SIGs | All Special Interest Groups 
  Guidelines 
  APSCE Webinar Series 
  Awards | Nomination Forms 
  APSCE Distinguished Researcher Award 
  APSCE Early Career Researcher Award 
  Award Winners 
  Instructions | For SIG Chairs 
  Submitting Application 

 ICCE 2023  
 Conference 
  # 

  Overview 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Invited Speakers 
  Proceedings 
  ICCE 2023  
  04 Dec 2023   Published   Public   00:00:00 Asia/Tokyo (UTC+09:00)   Matsue, Shimane, Japan    
     
 Designing new technologies for education  
  in a big social change world   
  
 Welcome Message  
  
 The 31st International Conference on Computers in Education (ICCE 2023) is organized by the Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education (APSCE). ICCE 2023 will be held on December 4-8, 2023, from Monday to Friday at Matsue, Shimane prefecture, Japan. Pre-conference events (e.g., Doctoral Student Consortium, workshops, and tutorials) will be conducted on the first two days and the main conference will begin on December 6th, 2023.  
 Accepted papers in the main conference, workshops, Early Career Workshop, Doctoral Student Consortium and Work-in-Progress Posters will be published in proceedings, which will be submitted to Elsevier for inclusion in Scopus. Proceedings of the main conference will also be submitted to Thomson Reuters for inclusion in the Conference Proceedings Citation Index.  
 ICCE2023 is planed to be held as a "in-person" event only at this moment.  
  This may change to a hybrid mode according to the situation.  
   
 Go to website 
   Start Time  
 04 Dec 2023 00:00:00 Asia/Tokyo (UTC+09:00) 
  Finish Time  
 08 Dec 2023 23:00:00 Asia/Tokyo (UTC+09:00) 
  Location  
 Matsue, Shimane, Japan 

 Curtis J. Bonk  
  USA    

 Title of Speech:  
 Time to Wake Up from Our Innovative Learning Dreams and Make Smarter Learning a Reality  
 For a half century, educators, psychologists, and researchers have been predicting that highly intensive, innovative, and individualized learning formats are only a few years away. Learners of all ages would enter enticing microworlds, highly engaging learning experience holodecks, fully immersive hands-on scenarios, high fidelity simulations and games, AI-based adaptive microlearning snippets, and completely free and open educational resources and courses on any topic. Massive open online classes were promised one day and then on demand microlearning snippets were delivered in the next. The learning related dreams we had in past decades were quickly forgotten as the next wave of learning technology came along. But all those dreams will prove pointless if they fail to address true problems or issues that some aspect of society is struggling with. It is time to wake up from such dreams of a glistening technological future and have our dream machines help us envision a world filled with open, informal, adaptive, nontraditional, and self-directed learning opportunities. When that happens, we will truly have arrived in the age of smarter and more innovative forms of learning where the learner is finally in charge of the dreams.  

 Tak-Wai Chan  
  Taiwan    

 Title of Speech:  
 Global Harwell’ as the ultimate educational goal: Can and should we pursue this goal through SIDC research and practice in the ‘Seamless AI World’?  
 Have we ever thought about our educational goal at a higher-level manner? If not, are we sure that we fully understand the position of our research’s contribution to future education, or do we just let our research follow the ever-changing technological advancement?In this presentation, I talk about a goal  , a means  , and an environment  (GME), the goal being achieved by the means in the environment. The goal is Global Harwell, with the word ‘harwell’ being a portmanteau of ‘harmony’ and ‘well-being’. Arguably, this is our ultimate educational goal, and it might even become the basic goal of humankind. The means is drawn from the research and practice of Seamless Interest-Driven Co-Creator Theory (SIDC Theory), which, however, is waiting to be established. The environment refers to ‘Seamless AI World’, which is a succinct notion of describing the digital future world. We refer the goal, the means, and the environment as GME, of which a group of researchers are now discussing about (see globalharwellgoal.org). However, because of the potential far-reaching impact at the global level, because of the complexity, and because of the fast-moving digital world, we would like to invite interested researchers to join us in this on-going discussion. “If you want to go fast, go alone; if you want to go far, go together.” Thus, with collaborative effort, we hope that we can establish the theory, and, with its research and practice, we, together with our next generations of researchers and practitioners, can eventually achieve the educational goal in the digital future.To answer the questions—‘can’ and ‘should’—I would explain the formation of GME, their rationales, and evolution based on my experience working with many researchers. For example, why I took initiatives to work with 17 international researchers to propose the notion ‘Seamless Learning’ in 2006, and with 23 Asian researchers to develop Interest-Driven Creator Theory (IDC Theory) in 2018; why I was so concerned about the Global Educational Goal problem, a grand challenge problem, in my keynote at AIED2007; and what the implication of my PhD work on intelligent learning companion (Chan & Baskin, 1988) towards the future AI world will be. In this talk, I also articulate what constitutes a theory of learning design.Finally, here I’d also like to invite you to participate the following activities:ICCE2003 pre-conference workshop: “ Towards the Research and Practice of Seamless Interest-Driven Creators (SIDC) Theory with Technological Supports (and their implications for future education in the era of AI and the metaverse)  ” organized by Lung-Hsiang Wong.ICCE2003 main conference panel right after my keynote: “ Towards a Collaborative Vision for Redesigning Education for Harmonious and Thriving Educational Futures in Asia and Beyond: will Seamless IDC Theory lead us there?  ” organized by Chee-Kit Looi and Siu-Cheung Kong.Publishing papers in the special issue of RPTEL on artificial companions for learning (if you are working in this area): “Revolutionizing learning: The continuing roles of learning companions beyond ChatGPT” with guest editors Ying-Tien Wu, Calvin Liao, and Siu-Cheung Kong. References  Chan, T.-W., Roschelle, J., Hsi, S., Kinshuk., Sharples, M., Brown, T., … Cherniavsky, J. (2006). One-to-one technology-enhanced learning: An opportunity for global research collaboration. Research and Practice in Technology Enhanced Learning  , 1(1), 3-29.Chan, T.-W., Looi, C. K., Chen, W., Wong, L.-H., Chang, B., Liao, C. C.-Y., … Ogata, H. (2018). Interest-driven creator theory: Towards a theory of learning design for Asia in the twenty-first century. Journal of Computers in Education  , 5(4), 435-461.Chan, T. W., & Baskin, A. B. (1988). Studying with the prince: The computer as a learning companion. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Intelligent Tutoring Systems  , 194-200, Montreal, Canada.  

 Davinia Hernández-Leo  
  Barcelona    

 Title of Speech:  
 Computers in Education: how can we support teachers?  
 While it is widely agreed that the role of teachers is key to achieve students’ learning, research on how technology can support teachers’ tasks is often underemphasized. In this talk I will summarise research results leading to practical implications in the design of technologies that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of teachers’ tasks, caring also for their wellbeing. In particular, I will focus on how technology can support learning design and the orchestration of complex learning scenarios, such as computer-supported collaborative learning in large classrooms. The technology presented will include authoring tools, teaching community platforms, enactment systems, orchestration dashboards and data-driven interventions based on learning analytics. I will also discuss synergies between technological solutions emphasizing human-in-control and machine-in-control perspectives. During the talk, participants will be able to experience some notions covered by interacting using the PyramidApp tool and the Integrated Learning Design Environment (ILDE).  

 Masaru Kitsuregawa  
  Japan    

 Title of Speech:  
 Building a Research Data Platform and Education  
 We have entered a highly uncertain, unpredictable age beset by natural disasters and wars around the world as well global-scale pandemics. However, we must not despair at this state of affairs and simply wait in hope of better circumstances. Rather, we must move forward with an eye to the future. The Research Organization of Information and Systems (ROIS), consisting of four distinguished research institutes, aims to solve complex phenomena and issues relating to life, the earth, the natural environment, and human society by reframing these issues from the perspective of information and systems while advancing data science to conduct integrated research that transcends disciplinary boundaries. In line with its mission to support resource-sharing and joint research among all universities, ROIS promotes cutting-edge research in specialized fields through joint research that transcends university boundaries by providing researchers nationwide with access to large-scale, state-of-the-art equipment and facilities, big data, valuable materials, and analytical methods. Especially, the National Institute of Informatics replaced the previous Science Information NETwork (SINET) with the world’s fastest ultra-high-speed network infrastructure, SINET6, which provides transmission speeds of up to 400 Gbps. In addition to the over 1,000 institutions and universities currently being served, the network will soon be offered to elementary, junior high, and high schools as well. SINET is also expected to make substantial contributions to industry and continuing education. The full rollout of the GakuNin RDM research data management platform not only provides data management support for individual researchers but also supports the development of open science by providing a platform for the proper release of research data including educational big data.  

 Kaushal Kumar Bhagat  
  India    

 Title of Speech:  
 Game On! Leveraging the Benefits of Game-Based Learning in the Digital Age  
 In today’s digital age, game-based learning has become an increasingly popular way to engage students and enhance their learning experiences. Game-based learning leverages the engaging and immersive nature of games to create a fun and interactive learning environment, which can help students to develop critical thinking, problem-solving, and collaboration skills. In this keynote presentation, we will explore the benefits of game-based learning and discuss how it can be used to meet the needs of today’s learners. We will discuss the importance of incorporating game-based learning into the classroom and explore some of the latest research on the effectiveness of this approach. We will also explore some fundamental design principles of successful game-based learning and highlight some of the best practices that educators can use to create engaging and effective games for their students. Finally, we will examine some of the challenges and limitations of game-based learning and discuss how educators can work to overcome these obstacles. Overall, this keynote presentation will provide attendees with a comprehensive overview of game-based learning and its potential to transform education in the digital age. Whether you are an educator, a curriculum developer, or a game designer, this presentation will provide valuable insights into how you can leverage the benefits of game-based learning to create engaging and effective learning experiences.  

 Brendan Flanagan  
  Japan    

 Title of Speech:  
 Challenges and Opportunities of Educational Data Science for Reading Systems  
 As educational systems are collecting an increasing amount of data on the learning behavior of students, its analysis has given rise to the fields of Educational Data Mining, and more recently Learning Analytics. As a result, educational AI that is constructed from and consumes learning behavior data has become more prevalent in learning systems and is fueling increased research attention in the field. While many datasets have been made public to promote research, important issues such as information privacy have also limited broader analysis and have resulted in data silos and hindered replication studies within the community. This talk will give an overview of educational data science focusing on reading systems and discuss important ongoing challenges including data analysis for niche learning contexts, data divide, and insights into methods for promoting collaboration through synthetic data and their possible limitations.  

 Daner Sun  
  China    

 Title of Speech:  
 Exploring the Evolution of Mobile Learning Environments  
 The rapid advancement of technology and the changing landscape of education have led to significant changes in technology-enabled learning environments. This presentation will explore the impact of changing situations on mobile technology-enabled learning environments, with the speaker sharing insights as both a researcher and an instructor. The talk will cover the evolving distribution and adjustment of components in these environments, as well as changes in pedagogy before, during, and after the Covid-19 pandemic. Additionally, the speaker will highlight the emerging dominance of new technologies in Hong Kong and worldwide, and propose future research directions for mobile learning.  

  ICCE 2023 Main Conference Proceedings - V1 
  ICCE2023-Proceedings-V1-1214 (final).pdf 
     
 View  Download    

  ICCE 2023 Main Conference Proceedings - V2 
  ICCE2023-Proceedings-V2-1214 (final).pdf 
     
 View  Download    

 The Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education (APSCE) was formed on 1 January 2004. It is an independent academic society whose broad objective is to promote the conduct and communication of scientific research related to all aspects of the use of computers in education, especially within the Asia-Pacific.  

 Sitemap  

 Support  
   
 Contact Us 
  Privacy Policy 

 Contact Us  
   
 Center for Science and Technology for Learning National Central University No. 300, Zhongda Rd., Zhongli District, Taoyuan City 320317, Taiwan (R.O.C.) 
  +886-3-4227151 ext. 35407 
  [email protected]