Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission Site 

 You are here:  Home 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers   https://2023.iccsa.org/call-for-papers  https://2023.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/iccsa1150x225.jpg     
 Call for Papers  

 The 2023 International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   
 - ICCSA 2023 -   

 National Technical University of Athens and University of the Aegean, Athens, Greece   
 July 3-6, 2023   
  
 The ICCSA 2023 conference will be organized in Athens, Greece.  Virtual registration (with a reduced registration fee) is still possible but in the spirit of facilitating researchers suffering from very critical economic and political situations. Besides online sessions, there will be pure on-site sessions with presential participation.    
 ICCSA 2023 will be the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held in a blended form in Malaga - Spain (2023), in Cagliari - Italy (2021), online (2020, as an online-only event due  to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions)  , Saint Petersburg - Russia (2019), Melbourne - Australia (2018), Trieste - Italy (2017), Beijing - China (2016), Banff - Canada (2015), Guimaraes - Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam (2013), Salvador da Bahia - Brazil (2012), Santander - Spain (2011), Fukuoka - Japan (2010), Suwon - Korea (2009), Perugia - Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia (2007), Glasgow - United Kingdom (2006), Singapore - Singapore(2005), Assisi - Italy (2004), Montreal - Canada (2003), and, as ICCS, in Amsterdam - The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco - USA (2001).  
  
 Computational Science is a central pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting innovative ICT technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers an opportunity to bring together scientists of different disciplines, discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions breeding new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition. Accepted papers will appear in the Conference proceedings to be published by Springer-Verlag in Lecture Notes in Computer Science  . The authors of a selected number of top-quality papers will be requested to extend their papers for further review and publication as special issues in highly recognized international journals.  
 ICCSA 2023 accepts paper submissions in the following categories: General Tracks and Workshops' Full Papers, General Tracks and Workshops' Short Papers and PhD Showcase Papers. The details for each paper submission category can be found at the URL https://iccsa.org/instructions-for-authors  and the list of Workshops at the URL: https://www.iccsa.org/workshops  .  
 Conference Themes  
 The ICCSA 2023 Conference themes, grouped in six tracks, are the following (but are not limited to):  
  
  1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Application   
  Computational Biology  
  Computational Combustion  
  Computational Chemistry  
  Computational Fluid Dynamics  
  Computational Physics  
  Computational Geometry  
  Computational Mathematics  
  Computational Mechanics  
  Computational Electromagnetics  
  Numerical Methods and Algorithms  
   
  2. Track: High-Performance Computing and Networks Parallel and Distributed Computing   
  Cluster Computing  
  Supercomputing  
  Cloud Computing  
  Autonomic Computing  
  P2P Computing  
  Mobile Computing  
  Grid and Semantic Grid Computing  
  Workflow Design and Practice  
  Computer and Network Architecture  
   
  3. Track: Geometric Modelling, Graphics and Visualization   
  Scientific Visualization  
  Computer Graphics  
  Geometric Modelling  
  Pattern Recognition  
  Image Processing  
  CAD/CAM  
  Web3D, Virtual and Augmented Reality  
   
  4. Track: Advanced and Emerging Applications   
  Biochemistry  
  Bioinformatics  
  Astrophysics  
  Biometric Modelling  
  Environmental, Climate and Weather Modelling  
  Geology and Geophysics  
  Nuclear Physics  
  Financial and Economic Modelling  
  Computational Journalism  
  Geographical Information Systems  
   
  5. Track: Information Systems and Technologies   
  Information Retrieval  
  Scientific Databases  
  Security Engineering  
  Risk Analysis  
  Reliability Engineering  
  Software Engineering  
  Data Mining  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Machine Learning  
  Learning Technologies  
  Web-Based Computing  
  Web 2.0  
  Blockchain  
   
  6. Track: Urban and Regional Planning   
  Urban and regional growth  
  Sustainable urban and regional development  
  Socio-ecological systems  
  Open Data, Big Data  
  Cultural Heritage  
  Smart and Sustainable Cities  
  Mobility and Intelligent Transport Systems  
  Decision Support Systems  
  Complexity assessment and mapping  
  Logistics  
 Paper Submission  
 To submit a paper, please connect to the Submission site from the link available at the ICCSA 2023 website: https://ess.iccsa.org  .  
  Only papers submitted through the electronic system and strictly adhering to the relevant format will be considered for reviewing and publication.  
  The submission may fall into the following categories: General Tracks and  Workshops' Full Papers, General Tracks and Workshops' Short Papers, and PHD Showcase Papers  .  
 GENERAL TRACKS AND WORKSHOPS' FULL PAPERS   
  The submitted paper must be between 12 to 18 pages long  for LNCS   publication  ,, and should be formatted according to the LNCS  rules.  
  Please consult the URL  https://iccsa.org/instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
 SHORT PAPERS   
  Reporting preliminary results of ongoing research. The submitted paper must be between 8 and 11 pages long and formatted according to LNCS   rules  . The Short Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by LNCS  .  
 PHD SHOWCASE PAPERS   
  Reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by PhD students and junior researchers. The submitted paper must be between 10 to 18 pages long and formatted according to LNCS  rules  . The PhD Showcase Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by LNCS  .  
 CPS Papers   
  The submitted paper must be between 6 to 14 pages  long for Conference Publishin Services (CPS)   publication and should be formatted according to the CPS  rules.  
  
  Each paper must deal with original and unpublished work, not submitted for publication elsewhere (copyright problems fall entirely under the responsibility of the authors). Each paper will be reviewed by at least three experts in the relevant field (acceptance rate was 28% in 2005, 26% in 2006 and 28% in 2007, 29% in 2008, 30% in 2009, 29% in 2021, 2011, 2012, and 30% in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022) according to the Single Blind review method, ensuring the publication of only top quality contributions.  
   
  When a paper is accepted, at least one of the authors has to register for the conference and deliver the related talk. Failure to do so shall lead to the rejection of the application to attend next year's conference and the exclusion of the paper from the current year's proceedings.  
 Workshops  
 Refer to the web page https://iccsa.org/workshops  for the updated list of Workshops  
 When submitting your contribution to one of the above-listed Workshops, please pay attention to selecting the correct entry in the list box shown in the Abstract, Paper and Camera Ready submission forms.  
 An author is enabled to change the workshop associated with a submitted paper until the submission deadline by updating the paper in the system and selecting the proper Workshop from the list.  
  
 Important Dates  
 Please see important dates  page.   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the Conference will be published by Springer ( Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series).  
 In particular:  
   
  1. The selected top-quality Theme Papers and Session Papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 12-18 pages).  
 2. Short papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 8-11 pages)  
 3. PHD Showcase Papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 10-18 pages).  
 For a selected number of top-quality papers, after the Conference, the authors will be requested to extend the paper in order to be published as special issues in appropriate international journals.  

 Conference policy  
 By submitting the paper to the ICCSA conference, all authors agree to abide by all ICCSA conference paper submission, publication and presentation policies. Namely, the authors confirm that the work is original, has not appeared in literature in any form in the past and will not be submitted to any other venue concurrently with ICCSA submission or until it appears in ICCSA proceedings (in the case of acceptance). Furthermore, upon paper acceptance, authors agree to transfer the copyright on the accepted paper to ICCSA, and one of the authors will register the paper and present the paper at the event.No paper withdrawals can be accepted after the Conference pre-registration date or within three months of the actual event, whichever date comes first. Paper withdrawal requests can be only accepted in writing through email, letter or fax to conference organizers. The conference has no responsibility for any intentional or accidental misuse, misinterpretation, or failure to follow the above rules and conditions and holds no legal, civil or other responsibility for opinions, content or utilization of any methods/algorithms expressed in the Conference Proceedings.  

  Contact Information  
 Anastasia Stratigea  
  National Technical University of Athens  
  School of Rural, Surveying and Geoinformatics Engineering  
  Dept. of Geography and Regional Planning  
  Heroon Polytechniou 9,  
  15780 Zografou,  
  Greece  
  Phone: +30 210 7722 672  
  Fax: +30 210 7722 750  
  Email: stratige <at> central <dot> ntua <dot> gr  
  
  Osvaldo Gervasi  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Perugia  
  Via Vanvitelli, 1  
  06123 Perugia  
  Italy  
  Phone: +39-075-5855048  
  Fax: +39-075-5855024  
  Email: osvaldo <dot> gervasi <at> unipg <dot> it  
  URL: http://ogervasi <dot> unipg <dot> it  

 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Privacy policy