INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE  
 Prague, Czech Republic | 3-5 July, 2023  
   
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tracks 
  Important Dates 
  Templates & Forms 
  Meeting Information | The Venue – How to Get There 
  Czech Technical University in Prague 
  Conference Dinner 
  Previous ICCS 
  Registration | Registration 
  Invitation Letters & Visas 
  Organisers | Organisers 
  Programme Committee 
  Program | Program 
  Keynote Lectures 
  Thematic Tracks 
  Awards 
  Contacts | Contacts 
  FAQ 
   
 Select Page     

 ICCS 2024 will take place on 2-4 July 2024 in Málaga, Spain.  

 New in ICCS  
 The proceedings | self-archive | is now available. 
  The Proceedings of ICCS 2023 are published in five volumes: | LNCS 14073 | | | LNCS 14074 | | | LNCS 14075 | | | LNCS 14076 | | | LNCS 14077 
  The best (extended) papers from ICCS 2022 have been published in the | Journal of Computational Science | . 

 ICCS 2023 – Prague, Czechia  
 “Computation at the Cutting Edge of Science”  
  
 The International Conference on Computational Science  is an annual conference that brings together researchers and scientists from mathematics and computer science as basic computing disciplines, as well as from other various application areas, who are pioneering computational methods in sciences such as physics, chemistry, life sciences, and engineering, as well as in arts and humanitarian fields, to discuss problems and solutions in the area, identify new issues, and shape future directions for research.  
 ICCS 2023 in Prague, Czechia, will be the twenty-third edition in this series of highly successful conferences.  
  Standing on the Vltava river, Prague is a political, cultural , and economic hub of central Europe.  
   
 Since its inception in 2001, ICCS has attracted increasingly higher quality and numbers of attendees and papers. Average attendance each year is about 350 participants. The proceedings series have become a major intellectual resource for computational science researchers and serve to both define and advance the state of the art of the field. An archive of the previous meetings is available through the Previous ICCS conferences page  .  
 Out of the submitted full papers to the main track and thematic tracks, we will select some 30% high-quality papers for presentation at the conference and publication in the proceedings. These are published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series  and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services  . The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  
 As the conference theme this year is “Computation at the Cutting Edge of Science”  , papers highlighting the role of Computational Science in assisting multidisciplinary research will be particularly welcomed.  
 This conference will be a unique event focusing on recent developments in: scalable scientific algorithms; advanced software tools; computational grids; advanced numerical methods; and novel application areas. These innovative novel models, algorithms and tools drive new science through efficient application in areas such as physical systems, computational and systems biology, environmental systems, finance, and others.  
 ICCS is committed to enhancing diversity and inclusion in the conference, without regard to race, age, religion, ethnicity, nationality, ability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or gender expression.  
 ICCS is an A-rank   conference in the CORE classification.  
   
 We look forward to welcoming you to this exciting event in Prague!    
   
 ICCS 2023 is organised by:  

 Follow ICCS   
  
   Subscribe to ICCS  

 Follow @iccs_conf    
  Corporate Supporters   

 Facebook 
  Twitter