ICDCN  2023    
  24th International Conference On Distributed Computing And Networking    
  4-7th January, 2023   |  Department of Computer Science and Engineering, IIT Kharagpur     
    
 In-Cooperation with   

 Home   About  Important Dates  Latest Updates  Sponsors    
   
 Conference Organization   Organizing Committee  Technical Program Committee  Reviewers for Invited Papers    
   
 Calls For Submission   Call for Regular Papers  Call for Tutorials  Call for Workshops  Call for Demonstrations  Call for Posters  Call for Doctoral Symposium    
   
 Program   Accepted Papers  Detailed Schedule    
   
 Speakers   Keynote Speakers  Industry Speakers  Tutorials    
   
 Participate   Registration  Travel Grant  Hotel Information  Local Information  Format    
   
 Panel  Workshops  Sponsorship  Camera Ready Instructions    
  
  Thank you for attending ICDCN 2023. See you at IIT Madras during ICDCN 2024  
  Your browser does not support the video tag.    

  About The Conference    ICDCN, International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking, is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. Over the years, it has become a leading forum for disseminating the latest research results in these fields. The 24th edition of this conference will be held in IIT Kharagpur. ICDCN 2023 will comprise of a highly selective technical program consisting of referred regular papers, short papers, posters and demos, mobile app challenge, industry forum, and focused workshops on emerging topics about distributed computing and networking. The proceedings of ICDCN 2023  along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS) and will be indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through ACM digital library. Extended versions of selected high-quality papers from ICDCN 2023 will be invited for fast track publication in the Elsevier’s Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal. The conference will consider awarding a Best Paper Award.   
  ICDCN 2023 Organizing Committee is planning for an in-person conference and encourages the authors to participate physically; however, we understand that the pandemic situation is not over yet. Therefore, depending on the situation during the conference time, remote participation and online presentation may be allowed under special circumstances. Partial Travel Support will be provided to the selected Indian students from a generous grant by ACM India.   
   
  Awards     
  Best Paper Award: (1010) Impact of Redundancy on Resilience in Distributed Optimization and Learning  
  Shuo Liu, Nirupam Gupta and Nitin Vaidya  
     
  Best Paper Award: (718) Learned Load Balancing  
  Brian Chang, Aditya Akella, Loris D'Antoni and Kausik Subramanian  
     
  Best Student Paper Award: (4109) Self-stabilizing Synchronous Unison in Directed Networks  
  Karine Altisen, Alain Cournier, Geoffrey Defalque and Stéphane Devismes  
     
  Best Poster Award: Topology-Aware Cluster Configuration for Real-time Multi-access Edge Computing.  
  Kolichala Rajashekar, Sushanta Karmakar, Souradyuti Paul and Subhajit Sidhanta  

 ICDCN 2023 Keynote Speakers  

  Ranveer Chandra    
  
 Microsoft Research  

  Vijay K Garg    
  
 University of Texas, Austin.  

  Rachid Guerraoui    
  
 EPFL, Switzerland  

  Niki Trigoni    
  
 Oxford University, UK  

  Carla Fabiana Chiasserini    
  
 Politecnico di Torino  

  Nitin H. Vaidya    
  
 Georgetown University  

 Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  

 Application Deadline for travel grant: November 30, 2022 
  The camera ready deadline for short papers: November 21, 2022 
  The camera ready deadline for others (workshops/ posters and demos/ doctoral symposium/ tutorials): November 21, 2022 
  Author registration deadline: November 21, 2022 

 Latest Updates  

 Keynote Talk Announced By Nitin H Vaidya on 5th January, 2023 (9:00 AM - 10:00 AM IST) 
  ICDCN 2023 Proceedings Available Here 
  Details Regarding Travel Grant for US Students Declared ( | link | ) 
  Registration Procedure Declared ( | link | ) 
  Details Regarding Registration Declared ( | link | ) 
  An Invited Talk By Prof. Vijay K Garg and Panal Discussion by Prof. Sajal K Das and Dr. Debopam Bhattacharjee during Doctoral Symposium 

 gallery  

 Sponsors  

 Any Queries? Ask us a question on the email icdcn2023@gmail.com