Skip to primary content    
 ICDCS 2023    
 43rd IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Committee 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for PhD student Symposium 
  Call for Demos and Posters 
  Camera-Ready 
  Hotel/Travel | Travel Grant 
  Travel Requirement and Visa Information 
  Registration 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  PhD Student Symposium 
  Main Conference Program 
  Posters and Demos 
  Panel 
  Banquet logistics information 
  About | IEEE Code of Ethics 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope   
 The 43rd IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (ICDCS) is a premier international forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange cutting edge ideas and latest findings on topics related to any aspects of distributed computing systems.  
 We invite you to submit your original contributions to ICDCS 2023 ( https://icdcs2023.icdcs.org/  ).  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Cloud Computing and Data Centers 
  Distributed Algorithms and Theory 
  Distributed Big Data Systems and Analytics 
  Distributed Dependability and Resilience 
  Distributed Operating Systems and Middleware 
  Edge Computing 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Mobile and Wireless Computing 
  Security, Privacy, and Trust in Distributed Systems 
  Blockchain 
  AI for Distributed Systems and Distributed Systems for AI 
  Insights from Industrial Experience 
  Paper Submission   
 Papers must be original and unpublished, and must not be submitted for publication elsewhere concurrently. All paper submissions should follow the IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts and the IEEE Conference template (downloadable by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE-Template Selector https://template-selector.ieee.org/  ). Each submission can have up to 11 pages (including references). Papers exceeding this page limit or with smaller fonts will be rejected without review. The submitted manuscripts should be anonymized for double-blinded review.  
 The full paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information and must not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. While authors can upload their paper to institutional or other preprint repositories such as arXiv.org before reviewing is complete, we generally discourage this since it places anonymity at risk. If authors decide to upload their paper to a preprint site, they must do so at the latest 15 days before the conference abstract submission date. Authors must change the title and abstract of their submission to ICDCS so that it is not immediately obvious they are the same.  
 Paper submission website: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcs2023   
 If your submission is accepted for publication, up to 2 over length pages may be purchased for the final camera-ready version. Each accepted paper must have at least one author registered and be presented during the conference. No-show paper will be reported to the publisher and removed from the conference publication. For authors with multiple papers accepted by the conference, a separate author registration is required for each paper.  
 Important Dates   
  
 Abstract Submission: | January 14, 2023 (23:59, UTC-5, EST) 
 Full Paper Submission: | January 21, 2023 (23:59, UTC-5, EST) 
 Notification of Acceptance: | April 3, 2023  April 10, 2023 
 Camera-ready Paper Submission: | May 8, 2023  June 7, 2023 

 Sponsers  

 Proudly powered by WordPress