Skip to content   Visit your Member Compass   and renew your INSNA membership today!   
   
 We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, "recognize" returning INSNA members, and analyze site traffic. By using the site, you consent to our use of cookies. To withdraw consent, please adjust your cookie settings in your browser.  
 ACKNOWLEDGE    
     in your cart View Cart   Cart 
  Join 
  Login 
  Contact Us 

 About | About INSNA 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  Board Members & Staff 
  2025 INSNA Board Nominations 
  Committees and Editorships 
  What is SNA? 
  Graduate Programs and Courses 
  News, Announcements, Calls 
  Privacy & Data Use Notice 
  Events | INSNA Conferences | Sunbelt 2025- Paris 
  Sunbelt 2024 - Edinburgh 
  Sunbelt 2023 - Portland 
  Sunbelt Archives 
  Prospective Conference Organizers 
  Networks 2021: A Joint Sunbelt and NetSci Conference 
  Events Calendar 
  North American Social Networks Conference (NASN) | NASN 2021 
  NASN 2018 
  NASN 2017 
  NASN Archives 
  Conferences and Workshops in the Field 
  Australian Social Network Analysis Conference (ASNAC) | ASNAC 2020 
  ASNAC 2019 
  ASNAC 2018 
  ASNAC 2017 
  ASNAC 2016 
  European Conference on Social Networks (EUSN) | EUSN 2022 London 
  EUSN 2021 Naples 
  EUSN 2019 Zurich 
  EUSN 2017 Mainz 
  EUSN 2016 Paris 
  EUSN 2014 Barcelona 
  INSNA Affiliated Meetings | Networks in the Global World 
  Membership | Membership Dashboard 
  Join Now 
  Member Benefits 
  Member Directory 
  Members Only | Nominations and Elections 
  INSNA Board and Executive Committee: Qualifications and Roles 
  Awards | Freeman Award 
  Richards Award 
  Simmel Award 
  Student Award 
  Historical Awards 
  Best Poster Awards 
  Newsletters 
  SOCNET 
  Publications | Connections 
  Social Networks 
  Journal of Social Structure 
  REDES Journal 
   Contact Us 
   Join 
  Login 

  Back to Events   Other Conferences in the Field    
   
 ICFCA 2023  
   
  Monday, July 17, 2023  to Friday, July 21, 2023     
  Kassel, Germany  

 Event Details  
 ICFCA 2023   
   
  17th International Conference on Formal Concept Analysis   
   
  July 17-21, 2023, Kassel, Germany   
   
  Web:  https://www.kde.cs.uni-kassel.de/icfca2023/   
  Mail:  icfca2023@lists.cs.uni-kassel.de   
    
 Share Event:  email 
  facebook 
  linkedin 

 Contact  
 2900 Delk Road Suite 700, PMB 321  
  Marietta, GA 30067  
  USA  
 16782710342  

 PUBLICATIONS  
 INSNA publishes or supports several key publications in the field, including: Connections  , whose emphasis is to reflect the ever-growing and continually expanding community of scholars using network analytic techniques, as well as provide an outlet for sharing news about social network concepts and techniques and new tools for research; the Journal of Social Structure  , an electronic journal designed to facilitate timely dissemination of state-of-the-art results in the interdisciplinary research area of social structure as well as publish empirical, theoretical and methodological articles; and Social Networks  , an interdisciplinary and international quarterly providing a common forum for representatives of anthropology, sociology, history, social psychology, political science, human geography, biology, economics, communications science and other disciplines who share an interest in the study of the empirical structure of social relations and associations that may be expressed in network form.  
 VIEW CURRENT ISSUES   
    
 Benefits of Membership  
 Membership benefits include: reduced conference registration fees, a reduced subscription rate for the journal Social Networks  , a subscription to Connections  , the association's bulletin and journal, and through Connections  , access to a bank of network datasets. Additional membership benefits include timely notifications of conferences, symposia, and workshops in network analysis held throughout the year at various locations in the many countries represented by the INSNA membership and access to the world's leading experts on social network analysis through SOCNET (INSNA’s online discussion forum) and at INSNA’s signature conference, the Sunbelt conference. Members often receive discounts from publishers on new books on social network analysis.  
 Join Now   

  Association Management Software  Copyright © 2024 - International Network for Social Network Analysis. Legal   

 ×   Membership & Account Access  
   
 Are you already a member?  
 If you are already a member, simply click the first option below to access your account  and enter the email we have on file for you to begin taking advantage of your membership.  
 If you do not  receive an email after following the step above AND you are a current member, you will need to select the second option below to create an account.  
 Access Your Existing Account   
  Create an Account    
 Are you ready to join INSNA?  
 We offer a variety of membership categories to serve the needs of association professionals and vendors to the association community.  
 Select a membership type below to get started!  
  
  View Membership Information