IEEE ICFEC 2023  
    
 Home 
  About 
  Call for Papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Organization 
  Sponsors 

 Home 
  About 
  Call for Papers 
  Organization 
  Sponsors 
   
    IEEE ICFEC 2023  
  
  7th IEEE International Conference on Fog and Edge Computing 2023  

  In Conjunction with CCGrid 2023   

  01-04 May, 2023 Bangalore, India  

  IEEE ICFEC 2023  
  
  In Conjunction with ACM CCGrid 2023   
  
  01-04 May, 2023 Bangalore, India  
  
  Bangalore (Bengaluru) is the "Silicon Valley" of India, home to top technology companies from India and globally and a hub for startups. Bangalore is also within driving distance to cultural and UNESCO heritage sites like Hampi, Mysore Palace and Mahabalipuram, and a short flight away from the Taj Mahal in Agra and the beaches of Goa. Bangalore Airport (BLR) has direct air connectivity to major cities in Europe and Asia, and one-hop connectivity to USA and Australia.  

   Previous     Next     

 LOCATION: Bangalore  
 India    

 Important Days  
 January 21, 2023 (Paper Submission Deadline)   
  February 13, 2023 (Notifications)   
  February 14, 2023 (Registration Open)   
  March 16, 2023 (Camera-ready Due)   
  May 01-04, 2023 (Conference Date)    

 Attend  
 Register Now     
  Travel Details     
  Travel Grants     
  Camera Ready     
  Preliminary Schedule      

 Breakout and Networking Session  
 Date/Time: TBA    

 About  
 ICFEC 2023  

 The 7th IEEE International Conference on Fog and Edge Computing (ICFEC 2023) is a leading forum to disseminate and discuss research activities and results on a broad range of topics in the fields of fog and edge computing. ICFEC 2023 will take place in conjunction with The 23rd International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing (CCGrid 2023).  
  
  Fog and edge computing have received much attention by both the research community and the industry in recent years, and are today seen as an alternative to the utilization of cloud-based computational resources. Especially, this is the case in scenarios where large amounts of data are produced in distributed settings, e.g., in the Internet of Things (IoT), where data needs to be processed in (near) real time, or where suboptimal network connectivity hampers the upload of very large amounts of data to the cloud. Use cases for fog and edge computing range from smart factories over smart grids to autonomous vehicles, to name just some examples.  
  
  While tremendous progress has already been made in the research fields of fog and edge computing, there are still numerous challenges which need to be solved. New abstractions and extensions to current programming and storage models are necessary to allow developers to design novel applications that can benefit from massively distributed fog and edge systems. Addressing security, privacy, and trust is of paramount importance while managing the resources and context of mobile, transient and hardware-constrained resources. Fog and edge computing can also help to process very large amounts of data, both for batch processing and data streams. The integration of novel communication protocols and communication patterns with fog and edge computing also brings both new opportunities and unique challenges. Recently, the utilization of fog and edge resources in order to realize distributed machine learning in the form of federated learning has also gained much traction, since it allows to learn from local data without sharing raw data with any centralized entity.  

 Call for Papers  
 Download the PDF call for papers here   

 The conference seeks to attract high-quality contributions covering both theory and practice over systems research and emerging domain-specific applications related to next-generation distributed systems that use the edge and the fog. Some representative topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Topics  
   
 Data centers and infrastructures for fog/edge computing 
  Mobility management in fog/edge computing 
  Federated learning and distributed machine learning in the fog and on the edge 
  5G and fog/edge computing 
  Middleware and runtime systems for fog/edge infrastructures 
  Programming models for fog/edge computing 
  Storage and data management platforms for fog/edge 
    
 Scheduling and resource management for fog/edge infrastructures 
  Security, privacy, trust and provenance issues in fog/edge computing 
  Distributed consensus and blockchains at the edge and in the fog 
  Modelling and simulation of fog/edge environments 
  Performance monitoring and metering of fog/edge infrastructures 
  (Big) Data processing in the fog and at the edge 
  Energy-efficient fog/edge computing 

 Accepted Papers and Program  
  
  Papers accepted for the 2023 IEEE ICFEC have been published in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library   

  May 03, 2023  
 Session I: Data Management, Federated Learning and Offloading [3:30-5:30pm] Chair: Vasileios Karagiannis  
  
 Lifecycle Management of Federated Learning Artifacts in Industrial Applications   
  Thomas Hiessl, Safoura Rezapour Lakani, Michael Ungersboeck, Jana Kemnitz, Daniel Schall and Stefan Schulte 
 Data Sovereignty at the Edge of the Network   
  Vasileios Karagiannis, Astrid Al-Akrawi and Oliver Hödl 
 Fault Tolerant Edge Computing: Challenges and Opportunities   
  Maryam Pourreza and Priya Narasimhan 
 PLTO: Path Loss-Aware Task Offloading for Vehicular Cooperative Perception   
  Amr M. Zaki, Sara A. Elsayed, Khalid Elgazzar and Hossam S. Hassanein 

  May 04, 2023  
 Session II: Machine Learning at the Edge [10:30am-12:30pm] Chair: Sandip Chakraborty  
  
 Performance Characterization of using Quantization for DNN Inference on Edge Devices   
  Hyunho Ahn, Tian Chen, Nawras Alnaasan, Aamir Shafi, Mustafa Abduljabbar, Hari Subramoni and Dhabaleswar K. Panda 
 Object Detection Acceleration Method by Improving Execution Efficiency of Edge AI Device   
  Yoshikazu Watanabe, Yuki Kobayashi, Noboru Nakajima, Takashi Takenaka and Hiroyoshi Miyano 
 Fog Computing for Deep Learning with Pipelines   
  Antero Vainio, Akrit Mudvari, Diego Kiedanski, Sasu Tarkoma and Leandros Tassiulas 
 An Edge Deployment Framework to Scale AI in Industrial Applications   
  Jana Kemnitz, Axel Weissenfeld, Leopold Schoeffl, Andreas Stiftinger, Daniel Rechberger, Bernhard Prangl, Thomas Kaufmann, Thomas Hiessl, Stephanie Holly, Clemens Heistracher and Daniel Schall 

  Session III: Distributed Edge Computing [2:00- 3:30pm] Chair: Guillaume Pierre  
  
 Distributed Routing Algorithms for Concurrent Execution of Transactions in PCNs   
  Neeraj Sharma and Kalpesh Kapoor 
 Mobile Edge Slice Broker: Mobile Edge Slices Deployment in Multi-Cloud Environments   
  Samia Boutalbi, Nizar Kheir, Remous-Aris Koutsiamanis, Mario Südholt and Yann Dan Moussa 
 Scalable Transparent Access to 5G Edge Services   
  Josef Hammer and Hermann Hellwagner 

  All accepted papers will be published by IEEE Computer Society Press (EI-Index) and included in the IEEE Digital Library. For publication, each accepted paper is required to be registered by one of its authors, and at least one author is required to attend and present the paper at the conference for the paper to be included in the final technical program and the IEEE Digital Library.  

 Submission Instructions  
 ICFEC 2023  

 We invite original manuscripts that have neither been published elsewhere nor are under review at a different venue. Papers should follow the IEEE template for conference proceedings. Authors should submit papers, written in English, electronically in PDF format and may not exceed 8 letter-size pages in length, including all figures, tables, and references. All manuscripts will be reviewed and judged on originality, technical strength, significance, presentation, and relevance to the conference by at least three reviewers. Papers may be submitted online at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icfec2023   
  
  Papers that are accepted for publication may be accepted as REGULAR paper (8 pages) or SHORT papers (5 pages), depending on the reviewer recommendations. Accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings that will be published through the IEEE Computer Society Conference Publishing Services.  

 Organization  
 ICFEC 2023 Committees  

 General Chairs:  
 Yogesh Simmhan | , Indian Institute of Science, India 
  Blesson Varghese | , University of St Andrews, UK 
  Cristina L. Abad | , Escuela Superior Politécnica del Litoral (ESPOL), Ecuador 

 Program Chairs:  
 Khalid Elgazzar | , Ontario Tech University, Canada 
  Stefan Schulte | , Hamburg University of Technology, Germany 

 Steering Committee:  
 Rajkumar Buyya | , University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Adrian Lebre | , Inria, France 
  Omer Rana | , Cardiff University, UK 
  Haiying Shen | , University of Virginia, USA 
  Yogesh Simmhan | , Indian Institute of Science, India 
  Anthony Simonet | , iExec Blockchain Tech, France 
  Blesson Varghese | , University of St Andrews, UK 
  Massimo Villari | , University of Messina, Italy 

 Publicity Chairs:  
 Luiz F. Bittencourt | , University of Campinas, Brazil 
  Antonino Galletta | , University of Messina, Italy 
  Bahman Javadi | , Western Sydney University, Australia 
  Zhuozhao Li | , Southern University of Science and Technology, China 
  Chenxi Qiu | , University of North Texas, USA 
  Webmaster:  
 Sifatul Mostafi | , Ontario Tech University, Ontario, Canada 

 Program Committee:  
 Atakan Aral | , Umeå Universitet, Sweden 
  Christian Becker | , University of Mannheim, Germany 
  David Bermbach | , TU Berlin, Germany 
  Luiz F. Bittencourt | , University of Campinas, Brazil 
  Valeria Cardellini | , University of Roma "Tor Vergata", Italy 
  Luca Davoli | , University of Parma, Italy 
  Schahram Dustdar | , Vienna University of Technology, Austria 
  Maria Fazio, University of Messina, Italy 
   Valerio Frascolla | , Intel, Germany 
  Sukhpal Singh Gill | , Queen Mary University of London, UK 
  Aniruddha Gokhale | , Vanderbilt University, USA 
  Daniel Grosu | , Wayne State University, USA 
  Peizhen Guo | , Google, USA 
  Odej Kao | , TU Berlin, Germany 
  Vasileios Karagiannis | , Austrian Institute of Technology, Austria 

 Program Committee (continued):  
 Hana Khamfroush | , University of Kentucky, USA 
  Boris Koldehofe | , University of Groningen, Netherlands 
  Adrien Lèbre | , INRIA, France 
  Laurent Lemarchand | , University of Brest, France 
  Ruben Mayer | , University of Bayreuth, Germany 
  Kwangsung Oh | , University of Nebraska at Omaha, USA 
  Padmanabhan Pillai | , Intel Labs, USA 
  Pierluigi Plebani | , Politecnico di Milano, Italy 
  Radu Prodan | , University of Klagenfurt, Austria 
  Ivan Rodero | , University of Utah, USA 
  Alexandre da Silva Veith | , Nokia Bell Labs Antwerp, Belgium 
  Hong-Linh Truong | , Aalto University, Finland 
  Lin Wang | , Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Netherlands 
  Kaiwen Zhang | , ETS Montreal, Canada 

 Keynote Speakers & Panelists  
 Plenary Keynote Speakers  

  More Details    

  Dr. Deborah Agarwal  
 • Scientific Data Division Director, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  
 • Senior Scientist, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  
 • Research Affiliate, Berkeley Institute for Data Science, University of California, Berkeley  
  
  Dr. Deborah Agarwal   is a Senior Scientist and Division Director for the Scientific Data Division   , at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL)   . The Scientific Data Division (SciData) transforms data-driven discovery and understanding through the development and application of novel data science methods, technologies, and infrastructures with scientific partners. Dr. Agarwal’s current research focuses on developing computational tools to enable scientists to organize and use Earth Science data to address challenges more effectively. She has worked on projects involving carbon flux, watershed understanding, tropical forests, soil carbon, carbon capture, cosmology, particle accelerators, data repositories, and satellite data. She is also active in efforts to broaden diversity in computing research and a member of the Computing Research Association Committee on Widening Participation.  

  More Details    

  Dr. Manish Gupta  
 • Director, Google Research India  
  
  Dr. Manish Gupta   is the Director of Google Research India   . He holds an additional appointment as Infosys Foundation Chair Professor at IIIT Bangalore. Previously, Manish has led VideoKen, a video technology startup, and the research centers for Xerox and IBM in India. As a Senior Manager at the IBM T.J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, New York, Manish led the team developing system software for the Blue Gene/L supercomputer. IBM was awarded a National Medal of Technology and Innovation for Blue Gene by US President Barack Obama in 2009. Manish holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign. He has co-authored about 75 papers, with more than 7,000 citations in Google Scholar (and an h-index of 46), and has been granted 19 US patents. While at IBM, Manish received two Outstanding Technical Achievement Awards, an Outstanding Innovation Award and the Lou Gerstner Team Award for Client Excellence. Manish is a Fellow of ACM and the Indian National Academy of Engineering, and a recipient of a Distinguished Alumnus Award from IIT Delhi.  

  More Details    

  Dr. Bingsheng He  
 • Professor and Vice-Dean (Research), School of Computing, National University of Singapore  
  
  Dr. Bingsheng He   is currently a Professor and Vice-Dean (Research) at School of Computing, National University of Singapore   . Before that, he was a faculty member in Nanyang Technological University, Singapore (2010-2016), and held a research position in the System Research group of Microsoft Research Asia (2008-2010), where his major research was building high performance cloud computing systems for Microsoft. He got the Bachelor degree in Shanghai Jiao Tong University (1999-2003), and the Ph.D. degree in Hong Kong University of Science & Technology (2003-2008). His current research interests include cloud computing, database systems and high performance computing. He has been a winner for industry faculty awards from Microsoft/NVIDIA/Xilinx/Alibaba. His work also won multiple recognitions as “Best papers” collection or awards in top forums such as SIGMOD 2008, VLDB 2013 (demo), IEEE/ACM ICCAD 2017, PACT 2018, IEEE TPDS 2019, and FPGA 2021. Since 2010, he has (co-)chaired a number of international conferences and workshops, including IEEE CloudCom 2014/2015, BigData Congress 2018 and ICDCS 2020. He has served in editor board of international journals, including IEEE Transactions on Cloud Computing (IEEE TCC), IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (IEEE TPDS), IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE), Springer Journal of Distributed and Parallel Databases (DAPD) and ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR). He is an ACM Distinguished member (class of 2020).  

  More Details    

  Dr. Eyal de Lara  
 • Professor and Chair, Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto  
  
  Dr. Eyal de Lara   was awarded his PhD in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Rice University in 2002. Upon graduation, he joined the University of Toronto as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science   . In 2007, he was awarded tenure and promoted to Associate Professor. In 2015, he was promoted to the rank of Professor. He currently serves as the Chair of the department. Professor de Lara’s research lies in the areas of cloud and mobile computing where he has contributed novel algorithms for system virtualization, edge computing, application scaling, indoor localization, mobile security, and continuous mobile sensing. Professor de Lara’s research has had a significant impact in both academia and industry. His research on VM fork, a new cloud computing abstraction, was commercialized by GridCentric, a Toronto based start-up that was acquired by Google. Professor de Lara’s work has been recognized with the EuroSys Test of Time Award, the CACS/AIC Outstanding Young Computer Science Researcher Prize, an NSERC Discovery Accelerator Award, Faculty Awards from IBM and VMware, as well as 3 best paper awards and 2 best paper honorable mentions. Professor de Lara has served as the editor in chief of GetMobile, the flagship publication of ACM SIGMOBILE, and has co-chaired the technical program committees of several conferences including ACM MobiSys and ACM/IEEE SEC, which are respectively the top venues in mobile systems and edge computing. His contributions to the mobile research community have been recognized with the 2020 SIGMOBILE Distinguished Service Award.  

 Registration  
 Register Now    

 Sponsors  
 We thank our generous sponsors.  

 ICFEC 2023  
   
 CONTACT  
 Khalid Elgazzar - khalid.elgazzar[at]ontariotechu.ca 
  Stefan Schulte - stefan.schulte[at]tuhh.de 
    
 SHARE ON SOCIAL MEDIA  

 © Copyright: ICFEC 2023