International Center of Informatics and Computer Science (ICICS) A Platform for World Scientific and Cultural Exchanges   
   
 Login  Register  Feedback    

 Home 
  Conferences 
  Committees 
  Join Us 
  About Us 

 ICCSEEA2023: The 6th International Conference on Computer Science, Engineering and Education Applications  
 March 17 - March 19 , 2023 , Warsaw, Poland  

 About 
  Call for papers 
  Important dates 
  Committees 
  Paper submission 
  Conference program 
  Keynote speakers 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Sponsorship 
  Conference gallery 
  Visa information 
  History 
  Contact us 

 The 6th International Conference on Computer Science, Engineering and Education Applications (ICCSEEA2023) - Virtual Conference     
 March 17–19, 2023     
 Warsaw, Poland     
  
 The 6th International Conference on Computer Science, Engineering and Education Applications (ICCSEEA2023) will be held on March 17–19, 2023, in Warsaw, Poland. The ICCSEEA2023 will bring together the top researchers from the Asian Pacific Nations, North America, Europe, and around the world to exchange their research results and address open issues in computer science, engineering, and education applications. The organization of such a conference is one of the examples of growing Ukraine-Poland cooperation in different fields of science and education. The official conference language is English. All the papers need to be written and presented in English.    
  
 ~^o^~ Please click here to submit your paper. ~^o^~     
 💖 The conference book has been published online by Springer Publisher.  ( 2023-08-18)  
 💖 Conferece Program.  ( 2023-03-15)  
 💖 Call for paper.  (2022-7-27)    
 💖 The Book of ICCSEEA2022 has been published online by Springer.  (2022-5-4)    
  
 Publication Information     
  
 ICCSEEA2023 will be published by "   Lecture Notes on Data Engineering and Communications Technologies "      (Pending)    , and all accepted papers will be indexed in some international major academic databases(Scopus, Ei Compendex, Google Scholar and etc.).  
   
 Authors are invited to submit original unpublished manuscripts that demonstrate recent advances in the following areas of interest, but are not limited to:     
  
 Area 1：Computer Science and Software Engineering      
  
 Big Data and Database Technologies     
 Data Mining and Knowledge Recovery     
 Knowledge Management and Knowledge Engineering     
 Evolutionary Computing and Genetic Algorithms     
 Neural Networks     
 Bayesian Networks     
 Fuzzy Systems, Soft Computing and Fuzzy Control     
 Formal Methods and Tools     
 Programming Languages     
 Software Modelling     
 Business Process Reengineering     
 Engineering of Embedded and Real-time Software     
 Reengineering, Reverse Engineering     
 Engineering Secure Software     
 Trusted Computing     
 Safety and Security Critical Software     
 Information Security and Privacy Protection     
 Ubiquitous Computing     
 Internet of Things and Web of Things     
 Image and Signal Processing     
 Data Acquisition, Normalization, Analysis and Visualization     
 Algorithms, Models, Software, and Tools in Bioinformatics     
 Biomedical Imaging, Image Processing and Visualization     
 Multimedia Technologies     
 Augmented and Virtual Reality     
 Human-Computer Interaction     
 Distributed Computer Systems     
  Smart Logistics and Supply Chain     
 Computer Systems and Networks     
 Parallel and Distributed Computing     
 Information Technology and Information Systems     
  
 Area 2：Engineering      
  
 Robotic Systems and Technologies     
 Intelligent Mechatronics and Robotics     
 Process Automation     
 Intelligent Automation     
 System Theory and Control Theory     
 Nonlinear Systems and Control     
 Industrial Electronics  
  Logistics Engineering     
 Electronics Engineering     
 Bioelectrical and Neural Engineering     
 Biomaterials and Biomedical Optics     
 Biomedical Devices, Sensors, and Artificial Organs     
 Biomedical Robotics and Mechanics     
 Rehabilitation Engineering and Clinical Engineering     
 Health Monitoring Systems and Wearable System     
 Bio-signal Processing and Analysis     
 Biometric and Bio-measurement     
 Electrical Engineering and Smart Grids     
  
 Area 3：Education      
  
 Knowledge Management in e-Learning     
 Research Perspectives for e-Learning     
 Virtual and Distance Education     
 Online Learning Environments     
  Logistics Talent Training     
 Collaborative Approaches and Technologies     
 Learning and Content Management Systems     
 Big Data in Education and Learning Analytics     
 Mobile Teaching and Learning Technologies     
 Educational Games and Simulations     
 Virtual Reality Learning Environment     
 Augmented Reality in Education     
 Educational Multimedia     
 Emerging Technologies for Learning and Teaching     
 Open Education     
 Networked Learning     
 Instructional Design and Technology     
 Formal and Informal Learning Research     
   
 Paper Submission Deadline: December 30, 2022 Extended to February 16, 2023      
 Notification Date: February 24, 2023     
 Authors' Registration: February 27, 2023     
 Camera Ready: February 26, 2023     
 Conference Dates: March 17–19, 2023     
   
 Chairs     
  
 Prof., IEEE Fellow, Felix Yanovsky, Delft University of Technology, Delft, Netherlands    
 Prof. Ivan Dychka, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. Anatoliy Sachenko, Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom, Poland    
  
 General Co-Chairs     
  
 Prof. Matthew He, Nova Southeastern University, Florida, USA    
 Prof. Yuriy Ushenko, Chernivtsi National University, Chernivtsi, Ukraine    
 Prof. Roman Kochan, University of Bielsko-Biała, Bielsko-Biala, Poland    
 Prof. Oleksandr Pavlov, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. Q.Y. Zhang, Wuhan University of Technology, China    
  
 International Program Committee     
  
 Dr. Oleksii K. Tyshchenko, University of Ostrava, Czech Republic    
 Dr. Essa Alghannam, Tishreen University, Syria    
 Dr. Rabah Shboul, Al-albayt University, Jordan    
 Dr. L.J. Du, Wuhan University of Technology, China    
 Prof. Krzysztof Kulpa, Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland    
 Prof. M.Y. Zhang, Wuhan University of Technology, China    
 Prof. M. Wang, Wuhan Technology and Business University, China    
 Prof. Ihor Tereikovskyi, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. G.E. Zhang, Nanning University, China    
 Prof. Q.L. Zhou, Shizuoka University, Japan    
 Prof. E. Fimmel, Mannheim University of Applied Sciences, Germany    
 Prof. G. Darvas, Institute Symmetron, Hungary    
 Prof. Z.P. Liu, Wuhan University of Technology, China    
 Prof. Jacek Misiurewicz, Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland    
 Dr. X.J. Ma, Huazhong Universiy of Science and Technology, China    
 Prof. S.C. Qu, Central China Normal University, China    
 Prof. Y. Shi, Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania, USA    
 Prof. Y.C. Zhang, Business School of Hubei University, China    
 Dr. Feng Liu, Huazhong Agricultural University, China    
 Prof. Sergey Petoukhov, MERI RAS, Moscow, Russia    
 Prof. Z.W. Ye, Hubei University of Technology, China    
 Prof. J.S. Dai, National University of Singapore, Singapore    
 Prof. C.C. Zhang, Fengchia University, Taiwan    
 Dr. Andriy Gizun, National Aviation University, Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. Yevhen Yashchyshyn, Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland    
 Prof. Vitaly Deibuk, Chernivtsi National University, Chernivtsi, Ukraine    
 Dr. J. Su, Hubei University of Technology, China    
 Prof. H.F. Yang, Waseda University, Japan    
 Dr. G.K. Tolokonnikova, FNAT VIM of RAS, Moscow, Russia    
  
 Steering Chairs     
  
 Prof. Vadym Mukhin, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Solomiia Fedushko, Lviv Polytechnic National University, Lviv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Sergiy Gnatyuk, National Aviation University, Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. Yevgeniya Sulema, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
  
 Local Organizing Committee     
  
 Prof. Krzysztof Przystupa, Lublin University of Technology, Poland    
 Dr. Jacek Kucharski, Lodz University of Technology, Poland    
 Dr. Rafal Stanisławski, Opole University of Technology, Poland    
 Dr. Anna Szlachta, Politechnika Rzeszowska, Poland    
 Prof. Arkadiusz Jan Tofil, Lublin University of Technology, Poland    
 Dr. Joanna Michalowska, The University College of Applied Sciences in Chełm, Poland    
 Dr. Joanna Koziel, Lublin University of Technology, Poland    
 Dr. Ivan Izonin, Lviv Polytechnic National University, Lviv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Vladimir Simov Jotsov, University of Library Studies and Information Technologies, Sofia, Bulgaria    
 Prof. Orest Kochan, Lviv Polytechnic National University, Lviv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Andrii Petrashenko, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. Oleksandra Yeremenko, Kharkiv National University of Radio Electronics, Kharkiv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Roman Odarchenko, National Aviation University, Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. Dmitriy Zelentsov, Ukrainian State University of Chemical Technology, Ukraine    
 Dr. Artem Volokyta, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Taras V. Panchenko, Kyiv National Taras Shevchenko University, Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Volodymyr Sokolov, Borys Grinchenko Kyiv University, Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Dr. Oleg Melnikov, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine    
 Prof. Anatolii Pashko, Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, Kyiv, Ukraine    
  
 Publication Chairs     
  
 Prof. Z.B. Hu, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine  
 Prof. Matthew He, Nova Southeastern University, Florida, USA  
 Prof. Ivan Dychka, National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Kyiv, Ukraine  
   
 Prospective authors are encouraged to submit a full paper for review by Dec   ember 30, 2022, in Word or PDF format. Papers will be accepted based on peer review and should contain original, high-quality work. Claims and results should be substantive enough to be further developed as quality work. All papers must be written in English.  The length of the standard paper submitted is 9–10 pages, including figures and references. An extra page fee will be paid for the number of pages exceeding 10 pages (Paper Word Templates, Conference Paper Example)   , including figures and references. All accepted papers will be presented in oral sessions or poster sessions.    
  
 >>Online Paper Submission<<    
  
 Notice: If the authors have some problems during the paper submission, please contact us by e-mail: iccseea@icics.net.  
   
 Please click here to download the conference program.     
   
 Please click here to browse our conference keynote speakers.       
   
 Registration Fee     

 Registration | Registration Fee | Extra page 
 Regular Authors | 500   USD | 50   USD 
 Student Authors | 300   USD | 50   USD 
 Attendees without   papers | 200   USD |  
 Keynote Speaker | free |  
 Ukrainian Authors | free |  
 ICICS Member | free |  
  
 Paper Acceptance Reward Program: Papers that are accepted for publication will be rewarded based on the review results of the organizing committee. The reward levels are divided into five categories: $300, $400, $500, $600, and $800. The reward amount will be used to offset the registration fee.      

 Warsaw  is the capital and largest city of Poland. The metropolis stands on the River Vistula in east-central Poland and its population is officially estimated at 1.8 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 3.1 million residents, which makes Warsaw the 7th most populous capital city in the European Union. The city area measures 517 km2 (200 sq mi) and comprises 18 boroughs, while the metropolitan area covers 6,100 km2 (2,355 sq mi). Warsaw is an alpha−global city, a major cultural, political and economic hub, and the country's seat of government. Its historical Old Town was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.    
  
 More...     
   
 National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", Ukraine     
 National Aviation University, Ukraine     
 Lviv Polytechnic National University, Ukraine     
 Polish Operational and Systems Society, Poland     
 Warsaw University of Technology, Poland     
 MECS PUBLISHING GROUP Sp. z O.O., Poland     
 International Research Association of Modern Education and Computer Science, Hong Kong     
   
 ICCSEEA2023 - Opening Ceremony and Keynote Speeches     
  
 ICCSEEA2023 - Section 1. Computer Science for Manage of Natural and Engineering Processes     
  
 ICCSEEA2023 - Section 2. Perfection of Computer Algorithms and Methods     
  
 ICCSEEA2023 - Section 3. Advances in Technological and Educational Approaches     

 Comming soon...    
   
 ICCSEEA2018    
 ICCSEEA2019    
 ICCSEEA2020    
 ICCSEEA2021    
 ICCSEEA2022    
   
 The Secretary of ICCSEEA2023     
  
 Email: iccseea@icics.net     

 Skype: kievpastor  Email: service@icics.net     
 Copyright © 2017-2024 International Center of Informatics and Computer Science. All Rights Reserved.