ICIT 2023     
 The 2nd International Conference on Intelligence of Things   

 Toggle navigation    ICIT 2023     
 HOME 
  COMMITTEE 
  AUTHORS | Call for Papers 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Presentation Guidelines 
  SPECIAL SESSION 
  PROGRAM | Tracks & Topics 
  Tentative Program 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SPONSORS 
  HISTORY 

 25 th - 27 th October, 2023   
 HCMUT, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   
 Submission - June 10, 2023  July 1, 2023 (Hard deadline) 
  Notification - July 20, 2023 
  Camera Ready - July 25, 2023 
  Registration - July 25, 2023 

 The 2nd International Conference on Intelligence of Things 2023   

 Introduction   
 The International Conference on Intelligence of things (ICIT) is an International Conference on the current state of technology and the outcome of ongoing research in the area of the Internet of things, the intelligence of things (IoT2/AIoT), and related fields of Information Technology, technically sponsored by Springer.  
  After the first successful organization, the 2nd ICIT 2023 continues to be organized by Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HCMUT), Hanoi University of Mining and Geology (HUMG), Vietnam National University of Agriculture (VNUA), Ho Chi Minh City Open University, and Quy Nhon University.  
  ICIT 2023 will be hosted by Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HCMUT) in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam from October 25 to October 27, 2023.  
  Accepted and presented papers will be published by Springer in series Lecture Notes on Data Engineering and Communications Technologies, indexed by SCOPUS (Q3). https://www.scimagojr.com/journalsearch.php?q=21100975545&tip=sid&clean=0   

  Conference Venue    
 ICIT 2023 will be held in Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HCMUT), 268 Ly Thuong Kiet street, District 10, HCMC, Vietnam.  

  Publication    
 Accepted and presented papers will be published by Springer in series Lecture Notes on Data Engineering and Communications Technologies, indexed by SCOPUS.  

  Paper Submission    
 All manuscripts have to be formatted according to the templates provided by Springer ( https://www.springer.com/us/authors-editors/conference-proceedings/conference-proceedings-guidelines  ) and submitted in a single PDF. The maximum length of a manuscript is up to 10 pages.  
   
  Authors are invited to submit their manuscripts electronically as PDF files through EDAS system at https://edas.info/N30742   

 K  EYNOTES:   
 Prof. Ngoc-Thanh Nguyen   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology    
  
   Collective Intelligence and Applications in Sentiment Analysis   
 Abstract  
 In this talk I will present a general framework for building intelligent collectives. A concrete task of prediction market will be described as an example. It will be shown that two aspects (diversity and independency ) play an important role in making proper decisions. I will show that the positive impact of diversity and independence on collective performance. With some restrictions, the hypothesis "The more diverse the collective, the higher the collective performance" is formally proved. The second part of this presentation will concern the application of collective intelligent methods for sentiment analysis. It will be shown that the set of user opinions (sentiments) can be treated as a collective and choosing a proper integration mechanism is important for achieving high quality of the analysis.  
 Biography of Prof. Ngoc-Thanh Nguyen  
 Prof. Ngoc-Thanh Nguyen is currently a full Professor of Wroclaw University of Science and Technology in Poland and the Head of Department of Applied Informatics. He is now a member of the State Council of Scientific Excellence of Poland and a member of the Committee on Informatics of the Polish Academy of Sciences. He was an invited and visiting professor in many universities, such as Friedrich-Alexander University (Germany), Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam (Netherlands), Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (Japan), Yeungnam University (Korea), University of Technology Sydney (Australia), National Kaohsiung University (Taiwan) and Universidad Autónoma de Madrid (Spain). He is the Chair of IEEE SMC Technical Committee on Computational Collective Intelligence, he received the title of Distinguished Scientist and Distinguished Speaker of ACM, and Distinguished Visitor of IEEE. He is the Editor-in-Chief of Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence (Springer), Vietnam Journal of Computer Science (World Scientific) and Journal of Information and Telecommunication (Taylor&Francis). Prof. Ngoc Thanh Nguyen is an author of 2 European patents in information systems. He has headed a number of research projects funded by EU programs like COST, DAAD, Polonor and National Foundation of Research and Development. He serves as an expert of National Center of Research and Development and of European Commission in evaluating research projects in such programs as MSCA-IF, REA-FET, EUREKA and COST. He has given 24 plenary and keynote speeches for international conferences, and more than 45 invited lectures in many countries. He has published 46 books and more than 450 journal and conference papers. Prof. Nguyen is on the TOP 2% list of scientists whose publications are most cited by other authors, compiled by Stanford University and Elsevier. He is a recipient of the Gold Cross of Merit awarded by the President of Poland in 2022.  

 Dr. Emanuel M. Popovici   
  Electrical and Electronic Engineering, University College Cork    
  
   Artificial Intelligence(AI) and Internet of Things(IoT) Technologies in Healthcare Applications: Heart and Brain Case Studies   
 Abstract  
 Disadvantaged communities across the world are disproportionately affected by a lack of access to healthcare with high societal and individual costs. Conditions such as congenital heart disease and brain seizures can have devastating effects if not detected in time. The main issue is that there is often a lack of trained personnel and/or expensive equipment to detect these conditions. Advances in the Internet of Things and AI technologies can provide reliable, low-cost solutions to detect these conditions without disrupting existing hospital protocols and operating within a secure framework. In our approach, solutions that involve the communion between the medical professional and AI are of special interest. These solutions must be explainable to gain wider acceptance in a medical setting. The presentation will discuss some implementations using EDGE and IoT platforms for an AI-driven auscultation for congenital heart disease and AI-driven sonification of brainwaves. Some aspects of IoT/EDGE security will also be briefly discussed.  
  Special thanks to my colleagues: Prof. Andriy Temko; Dr. Andreea Factor; Prof Viktoria Shelevytska, Prof. Volodymyr Sarana, , Dr. Sergi Gomez Quintana, Feargal O’Sullivan, Lavanya Pampana, Dominic Lightbody, Duc-Minh Ngo, Tien Van Nguyen, Giuseppe Carracciolo, Leah Twomey, Adam Creed, as well as our funders and supporters.  
 Biography of Dr. Emanuel M. Popovici  
 Emanuel Popovici is a Senior Lecturer with the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, University College Cork. He is currently the Director of the multi-award-winning Embedded.Systems@UCC group. His research interests include embedded system design for reliable and secure computing and communications, hardware accelerators for AI/ML and security with particular emphasis on the IoT and the EDGE. His research group achieved over 50 awards and distinctions, including three-time winners in the prestigious Global IEEE/IBM Smarter Planet Challenge, Best Engineering Lab in Ireland, Best Collaboration Achievements, Best Paper awards(IEEE/IET), Reed and Mallik Medal, student competitions, and entrepreneurial awards. His research is inspired by George Boole (the first Professor of Mathematics at UCC) and Claude Shannon (a renowned Professor at MIT). Embedded.Systems@UCC group is proudly associated with the SFI Insight Centre for Data Analytics and the SFI Marei Centre for Energy, Climate and Marine Research.   

 Prof. Koichiro Ishibashi (IEEE Fellow)   
  The University of Electro-Communications, Tokyo, Japan    
  
   Energy Harvesting Technologies and Low Power Sensors for Trillion Sensor Universe   
 Abstract  
 We are expecting the era of Trillion Sensor Universe(TSU), when trillion of sensors are distributed to environment. Since most of the distributed sensors needs to operate for long time without maintenance, the sensors should not utilize power of batteries. The combination of energy harvesting power supplies and low power sensor nodes is the key technology to realize the TSU. In this keynote talk, I would like to introduce challenges of energy harvesting technologies, especially focusing on RF energy harvesting and Wireless Power Transfer (WPT) technics for power supply of sensors for IoT. Then I will show characteristics of energy harvesting BEAT Sensors which operate for 24 hours a day without batteries, and achieve the communication range of more than 5 km. Energy saving lighting system using energy harvesting illumination Beat Sensors and the system operation will also be introduced.  
 Biography of Prof. Koichiro Ishibashi (IEEE Fellow)  
 Dr. Koichiro Ishibashi has been a professor of The University of Electro-Communications (UEC), Tokyo, Japan since 2011. He has been the Director of UEC ASEAN Research and Education Center (UAREC) since 2017. He has been serving a guest professor at Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology and Ho Chi Minh City University of Science since 2012.  
  After receiving PH. D degree from Tokyo Institute of Technology in 1985, he worked at Central Research Laboratory, Hitachi Ltd., at Semiconductor Technology Academic Research Center (STARC) and at Renesas Electronics, where he had investigated low power technologies for high density SRAMs and MCUs. Since 2005, he has been a Fellow of IEEE for the technical contributions to developments of low-power SRAMs and MCUs.  
  He has presented more than 200 academic papers at international conferences and journals including more than 20 invited presentations. He was awarded R&D 100 for the development of SH4 Series Microprocessor in 1999.  
  His current interests are IoT technologies including Ultra low power LSI design technology, Technologies for energy harvesting sensor networks and applications, and Biomedical electronics using contactless sensors and data processing by AI.   

 TOPICS  OF INTEREST   
 We would like to invite you to contribute your original work on topics in the following, but not limited to, tracks and special sessions:   
  
  Internet of Things Applications   

 Track 1  
   
 Smart Cities, Smart Public Places, and Smart Environments 
  Smart Home, and IoT-based Building Automation 
  Smart Agriculture and Water Management 
  Smart factories and Industry 4.0 
  e-Health, Assisted Living and e-Wellness 
  Wearables, Body Sensor Networks, Smart Portable Devices 
  Automotive, Intelligent Transport Systems 
  IoT-based Supply Chains 
  Smart Grid, Energy Management 
  Industrial IoT Service Creation and Management Aspects 
  Crowd-sensing, human-centric sensing 
  Internet of things ecosystem 
  Security and surveillance systems 
  AIoT and Big Data in Earth Observation 
  AIoT and Big Data to Climate Change and Sustainable Development 

  Connectivity for Internet of things   
   
 Track 2  
   
 5G/6G Networks and IoT 
  IoT Protocols and Standards (IPv6, 6LoWPAN, RPL, 6TiSCH, WoT, oneM2M, etc.) 
  Heterogeneous Networks, Web of Things, Web of Everything 
  Sensor and Actuator Networks 
  Software Defined Network (SDN), Network Function Virtualization (NFV) and IoT 
  Machine to Machine (M2M)/Devices-to-Devices communications and IoT 
  Edge Computing, Fog Computing and IoT 
  Routing and Control Protocols 
  Named Data Networking for IoT 
  Internet of vehicles (IoV) networks and systems 
  Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) communications 
  Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) communications 
  Semantic communications for IoT 

  Internet of Things Technologies   
   
 Track 3  
   
 IoT Architectures and Technologies 
  Ultra-low power IoT Technologies and Embedded Systems Architectures 
  Sensors Data Management, IoT Mining and Analytics 
  Resource Management, Access Control 
  Mobility, Localization and Management Aspects 
  Identity Management and Object Recognition 
  Localization Technologies 
  IoT-Enabled Smart Cities- Network Virtualization 
  Network Programmability 
  Cloud Computing Services 
  Network Measurements 
  Multi/Many-core Architectures and Applications 
  High-Performance Computing 
  Hardware Accelerator Computing 
  Other topics in IoTs & Networking Management 

  Internet of Things Security and Privacy   
   
 Track 4  
   
 IoT Privacy, data protection and Security Concerns 
  IoT Privacy and Security Tests, Certification, and Labelling 
  Security and Data protection risk analysis and mitigation 
  Identification and Authentication Issues 
  Wireless Sensor Network for IoT Security 
  Intrusion Detection in IoT 
  Cryptography, Key Management, Authentication and Authorization for IoT 
  Physical/MAC/Network Attacks in Internet of Things 
  Cross-layer Attacks in IoT 
  Security with QoS Optimization in IoT 
  Privacy based Channel Access in IoT 
  Big Data and Information Integrity in IoT 
  Communication Security in IoT 
  IoT and blockchain 

  Intelligence  
  systems   
   
 Track 5  
   
 Knowledge representation in IoT 
  Natural Language Processing in IoT 
  Big data and IoT Data Analytics 
  Cognitive aspects of AI in IoTs 
  Fuzzy systems for IoT 
  Neural Networks for IoT 
  Nature Inspired algorithms for IoT 
  Agent-based algorithms for IoT 
  AI/ML-based IoT for image and video analysis 
  AI/ML-enhanced IoT for anomaly detection 
  AI/ML-powered IoT for predictive performance optimization 
  AI/ML-powered IOT solutions for healthcare 
  AI/ML-enabled IOT solutions for home automation 

  Intelligence Technologies: Smart Devices and Solutions for IoTs  
   
 Track 6  
   
 Reconfigurable, Array Antennas for Intelligent Wireless Links 
  Intelligent Reflecting Surfaces (IRS) 
  Satellite Communications (SATCOM) Applications 
  IoT, Small, Wearable, Biomedical Antennas 
  Radio Frequency (RF) Devices and Systems 
  Blockchain Based Smart Devices 
  Embedded AI/ML for Intelligence Solutions 
  Robots and AI/ML 
  Automation and Control Applications 

 O  RGANIZERS   

 GALLERY   

 ICIT 2023   

 Contact  
 Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering   
 HCMC University of Technology   
 Address:  Building A3, 268 Ly Thuong Kiet Street, District 10 HCMC, Vietnam  
 Phone:  (+84-28) 38647256 (ext.:5843)  
 Fax:  (+84-28) 38645137  
 Email:  conf.cse@hcmut.edu.vn  
 Website:  https://www.cse.hcmut.edu.vn/ICIT2023  
   
 Sitemap  
 Home 
  Commitee 
  Submission 

 © 2023 The CSE Faculty, HCMUT  , inc. All rights reserved.