Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 ICINCO 2023 will be held in conjunction with IN4PL 2023    and IJCCI 2023    .   
  Registration to ICINCO allows free access to the IN4PL and IJCCI conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The purpose of the International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics (ICINCO) is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested in the application of informatics to Control, Automation and Robotics. Four simultaneous tracks will be held, covering Intelligent Control Systems, Optimization, Robotics, Automation, Signal Processing, Sensors, Systems Modelling and Control, and Industrial Informatics. Informatics applications are pervasive in many areas of Control, Automation and Robotics; This conference intends to emphasize this connection.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Intelligent Control Systems and Optimization   
  
  2  .  Robotics and Automation   
  
  3  .  Signal Processing, Sensors, Systems Modelling and Control   
  
  4  .  Industrial Informatics   

  Conference Chair    
 Dimitar Filev  ,  Ford Research / Texas A&M University, United States   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Giuseppina Carla Gini  ,  Politecnico di Milano, Italy   
  Henk Nijmeijer  ,  Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands   

 LOCAL CO-CHAIRS    
 Paolo Di Giamberardino  ,  Sapienza University of Rome, Italy   
  Daniela Iacoviello  ,  Sapienza University of Rome, Italy   

 Luís Paulo Reis  ,    
   
 Special Sessions   
 Learning in Control and Robotic Systems Applications - LICARSA   
  Chairs:  Dario Calogero Guastella, Simone Palazzo, Ignacio Carlucho and Giuseppe Sutera  

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  A short list of presented papers will be selected so that  
  revised and extended versions of these papers will be  
  published by Springer in a LNEE Series book   

 Technically co-sponsored by:    

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC