Home | Welcome Letter 
  The 17th  ICMV+ | Programme 
  Conference Venue 
  VISA 
  Latest News 
  Committee+ | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Committee 
  Keynote+ | ICMV 2024 Speakers 
  Keynote Gallery 
  Special Session+ | Call for Special Sessions 
  Special Sessions 
  Submission+ | Call for Paper 
  Submission Guidance 
  Key Dates 
  Registration+ | Instruction 
  Registration Fee 
  History+ | 2007-2023 Proceedings 
  ICMV 2023 Yerevan 
  ICMV 2022 Rome Hybrid Conf. 
  ICMV 2021 Virtual Conf. 
  ICMV 2020 Virtual Conf. 
  ICMV 2019 Amsterdam 
  ICMV 2018 Munich 
  ICMV 2017 Vienna 
  ICMV 2016 Nice 
  ICMV 2015 Barcelona 
  ICMV 2014 Milano 
  ICMV 2013 London 
  Contact Us 

 About The 16th ICMV 2023, Yerevan, Armenia   

 It was on occasion of the 15th ICMV in Rome where we discussed the next topics and location for the forthcoming 2023 conference. Among the conference chairs there was an agreement to put stronger attention to recent findings in tomography and to use as conference place the Russian Armenian University in Yerevan where important contributions to the field were delivered. Thus we had 3 interesting days in Armenia filled with nice presentations and stimulating discussions during Nov. 15-18, 2023   
   
 82 participants from 12 countries took actively part on the 2 Plenary Sessions, 7 oral and 1 poster sessions. We started again with 2 keynote lectures and 1 invited talk, all given by recognized international experts in machine vision. Prof. Vladimir Arlazarov from Federal Research Center “Computer Science and Control” of RAS host the opening ceremony. The conference chair Prof. Wolfgang Osten  gave us opening remarks, the dean of Russian-Armenian University, Prof. Pargev. S. Avetisyan delivered the welcome address and the program chair Prof. Dmitry Nikolaev gave us the program address.  
     
 Then, Ehrenfried Zschech from DeepScan GmbH, Germany, talked about “High-resolution X-ray Imaging – Challenges to Experiment and Data Analysis”  . The 2nd keynote was presented by Valery Tuchin, a recognized scientist in the field of bio-medical imaging from the Saratov State University, Russia. He reported about “Advanced Biomedical Imaging and Tomography at Tissue Optical Clearing”  . Flavio Piccoli from the University of Milano, Italy, turned his invited talk to the topic of Deep Learning. His speech was entitled “From Black-Box to White-Box Image Enhancement: Leveraging Deep Learning and User-Centric Adaption”   . For the first time the organizers offered a Tutorial. Wolfgang Osten from the Stuttgart University, Germany, talked on “The Meaning and Partial Misuse of Some Frequently Applied Terms in Optical Sensor Technologies”. Terms such as „artificial intelligence“, "autonomous vehicles“, "superresolution“, "digitization“ and "holographic displays“ were discussed with respect to their meaning and potential but also in relation to unrealistic expectations.   
          
 The conference was continued with 48 contributed papers presented in 7 sessions:  
  - Camera-Based and Mobile Recognition (chaired by Konstantin Bulatov)  
  - Advanced Imaging and Tomography (chaired by Ehrenfried Zschech)  
  - Document Analysis, Recognition, and Forgery Detection: Pioneering Solutions for the Digital Age (chaired by Vladimir Artazarov)  
  - Machine Vision for Autonomous Vehicles and Intelligent Systems (chaired by Wolfgang Osten)  
  - Image Detection and Classification (chaired by Dorra Sellami)  
  - Image Analysis Methods and Technologies Based on machine Learning Models (chaired by Amine Bohl) , and finally  
  - a Poster Session (chaired by Marina Chukalina)   

  The conference ended as usual with an award ceremony for the best papers given in all sessions. 7 awardees could be recognized for their outstanding presentations.   

 We hope that the reader gets this way a good impression about the wide diversity of new approaches and applications in Machine Vision. In fact, Machine Vision is not a very young but nevertheless an emerging field. Many aspects of the Digitization and Artificial Intelligence hype such as the Internet of Things IoT, the digital factory, universal public safety, machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, computational imaging, active vision, robotics, and autonomous vehicles are affected by new technologies that are actually developed and implemented in this field. Therefore we look ahead with great interest to the 17th International Conference on Machine Vision which will take place as hybrid event again in the autumn 2024. The location is already chosen. We will meet middle of October in the beautiful city of Edinburgh. Prof. Wei Wang from the Heriot Watt University in Edinburgh will act as the local chair of the next ICMV. Until then, the collection of articles presented in this volume will hopefully find an interested audience and will be a source of new inspirations for future innovations and findings. But actually our thanks go to all participants of the 16th conference and especially to the organizers. Here we would like to express our thanks to the local organizers represented by Prof. Parkev Avetisyan, Vice Rector for Science of the Russian-Armenian University in Yerevan, and Dr. Mikayel Avanesyan, the Chief Specialist for Scientific and Technical Cooperation at this university. Their great organization contributed very much to the stimulating and friendly atmosphere of the 16th ICMV.  

 If you need more presentation photo, please contact with secretary@icmv.org   

 "We sincerely invite you and your colleagues immediately mark this event on your calendar and make your plans to Edinburgh, UK   !"   

 Copyright © 2024 17th International Conference on Machine Vision (www.icmv.org)