Home 
  Committees | Back 
  Organizing Committee 
  Papers Tracks 
  Reprodicibility 
  Submissions | Back 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Reproducibility | Back 
  ICPP Reproducibility Initiative 
  Computational Artifacts 
  Artifact Metadata and Documentation Structure 
  Computational Resources for Reproducibility 
  ICPP Reproducibility Badges 
  Information for Reviewers 
  Log In for Accepted Papers 
  Industry Sponsorship 
  Program 
  Workshops 
  Keynotes 
  Lodging and Travel | Back 
  Lodging and Travel 
  Student Travel Award 
  Previous ICPPs | Back 
  2022 
  2021 
  2020 
  2019 
  2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2015 
  2014 
  2013 
  2011 
  2010 
  2009 
  2008 
  2007 
  2006 
  Anti Harassment Policy 

 ICPP 2023  
 International Conference on Parallel Processing  

 Register for ICPP    

  Call for Papers  
 ICPP, the International Conference on Parallel Processing, provides a forum for engineers and scientists in academia, industry, and government to present their latest research ﬁndings in all aspects of parallel and distributed computing. ICPP is one of the oldest computer science conferences; ICPP 2023 is the 52nd edition of ICPP.  
  
  ICPP2023 will be held in Salt Lake City, UTAH, USA, from August 7th to 10th, 2023  . ICPP 2023 is a premier venue for presenting the latest research on all aspects of parallel processing. Topics of interest in ICPP 2023 papers include, but are not limited to:  
 Algorithms: | Parallel and Distributed Algorithms, Parallel and Distributed Combinatorial & Numerical Methods, Scheduling Algorithms for Parallel and Distributed Applications and Platforms, Algorithmic Innovations for Parallel and Distributed Machine Learning. 
  Applications: | Parallel and Distributed Applications, Scalable Data Analytics & Applied Machine Learning, Computational and Data-Driven Science & Engineering (e.g., Astrophysics, Computational Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Climate Science, Finance, Geology). 
  Architecture: | Micro-Architecture for Parallel Computing, Parallel Computer Architecture and Accelerator Designs, LArge-Scale System Architectures, Datacenter/Warehouse Computing Architecture, Machine Learning Architectures, Architectural Support for Networking, New Memory Technologies, Near-Memory Computing, Parallel I/O, Architectures for Edge Computing, Architectural Support for Reliability and Security. 
  Multidisciplinary: | Innovation combining multiple disciplines, Cross-Cutting Research (e.g., Complex Workﬂows Combining Data Analytics and/or AI/ML with Traditional Simulations), Use of Known Algorithms in Novel/Emerging Applications, Methodologies for Performance Portability and/or Productivity across Architectures. 
  Performance: | Performance Modeling of Parallel or Distributed Computing, Performance Evaluation of Parallel or Distributed Systems; Scalability, Simulation Models, Analytical Models, Measurement-Based Evaluation. 
  Software: | Systems Software, Middleware, Runtime Systems, Parallel and Distributed Programming Languages & Models, Programming Systems, Compilers, Libraries, Programming Infrastructures and Tools, Operating and Real-Time Systems. 
   
  Submission Guidelines  
 Paper submissions should not exceed 10 pages (including references)  and all submissions must be made electronically through the conference submission portal ( https://ssl.linklings.net/conferences/icpp  ) in PDF format printable on US letter size (8.5" x 11") paper. Please use the ACM format located at: https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  . More speciﬁcally, we recommend using \documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart} conﬁguration for submissions prepared in LaTex. Changes to the template (e.g., margin, font size) could lead to automatic rejection. Up to two additional pages may be subsequently purchased (if needed) for the camera-ready version. Submissions should represent original research results and cannot already be under review or accepted for publication in another venue.  
  
  The review process is double-anonymous  , so submissions should not  reveal the identity of the authors. Authors should leave out author names, aﬃliations, and (any) acknowledgment from the body of their submission. They should also ensure that any references to authors’ own related work should be in the third person  (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). The purpose of this process is to help the Program Committee and external reviewers come to a judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Authors with further questions about double-anonymous reviewing are encouraged to contact the Program Chairs by email.  
  
  The ICPP 2023 technical program includes a reproducibility initiative  , where the submitters will be given an option to submit details about the artifacts that enable their experiments to be reproduced. A reproducibility submission consists of the description of the computational artifacts (up to two pages appendix) and persistent and permanent links to the computational artifacts submission ( more information regarding the ICPP reproducibility initiative here  ). The submission of the reproducibility artifacts will be voluntary, but their presence will be an advantage during the decision process compared to submissions with equivalent ratings without artifacts. We also plan to have rebuttals  only for papers that do not have a clear accept or reject decision."  
  
  All accepted papers that are presented at the conference will be published in the ACM Digital Library. Accepted papers will also need to follow the conference registration policy to be included in the conference proceedings. We will oﬀer rejected papers an opportunity to be forwarded to workshop organizers to be considered in one of the workshops if the authors choose to do so.  
  
  Important Deadlines (AOE )  
 Abstract Submission: April 14, 2023 
  Paper Submission: April 22, 2023 
  Author Response Period: June 1 - June 4, 2023 
  Author Notiﬁcation: June 16, 2023 
  Conference: August 7 - August 10, 2023 
  Submission Link  
 Please visit this https://ssl.linklings.net/conferences/icpp  to make paper submissions.  
  
 Please Note  
 We expect at least one author of an accepted paper to attend the conference. The expectation of attendance is implicit in submitting a paper to a conference, rather than a journal, and brings ethical responsibilities to participate actively in the conference (talking to other attendees, presenting the paper, and attending conference sessions). 
  Consequently, it is expected that all accepted papers will be presented in person, unless clear and extenuating circumstances prevent attendance. 
  As an author of an accepted paper, this means you should exhaust all efforts for at least one of you to attend, including seeking a visa (where needed). 
  Any allowance for remote presentation will be considered only after clear evidence that attendance is impossible. 
  These decisions about remote presentation will be made two weeks before the conference begins. 
  The conference proceedings will be finalized after the conference based on the papers presented. 
  A registration fee is required for all accepted papers, regardless of attendance. 
  Contact  
 If you have any questions, please feel free to contact the ICPP 2023 Program Committee Co-Chairs: David Abramson This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.  and Bronis de Supinski This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.  .   

 © 2024 © 2022 Copyright © 2023 International Conference on Parallel Processing.