Home 
  Committees | Back 
  Organizing Committee 
  Papers Tracks 
  Reprodicibility 
  Submissions | Back 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Reproducibility | Back 
  ICPP Reproducibility Initiative 
  Computational Artifacts 
  Artifact Metadata and Documentation Structure 
  Computational Resources for Reproducibility 
  ICPP Reproducibility Badges 
  Information for Reviewers 
  Log In for Accepted Papers 
  Industry Sponsorship 
  Program 
  Workshops 
  Keynotes 
  Lodging and Travel | Back 
  Lodging and Travel 
  Student Travel Award 
  Previous ICPPs | Back 
  2022 
  2021 
  2020 
  2019 
  2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2015 
  2014 
  2013 
  2011 
  2010 
  2009 
  2008 
  2007 
  2006 
  Anti Harassment Policy 

 52nd International Conference on Parallel Processing  
  
 Salt Lake City, Utah, USA - August 7-10, 2023  

 Register for ICPP    

 ICPP 2023  
 The International Conference on Parallel Processing (ICPP) is one of the oldest continuously running computer science conferences in parallel computing in the world. It is a premier forum for researchers, scientists, and practitioners in academia, industry, and government to present their latest research findings in all aspects of the field.  

 Important Dates  
 Workshop proposal submissions: February 19th, 2023  
  Workshop proposal notifications: February 27th, 2023  
  Abstract Submission: April 14, 2023  
  Paper Submission: April 22, 2023  
  Author Response Period: June 1 - June 4, 2023  
  Author Notiﬁcation: June 16, 2023  
  Conference: August 7 - August 10, 2023  

 Algorithms   
 Parallel and Distributed Algorithms, Parallel and Distributed Combinatorial & Numerical Methods, Scheduling Algorithms for Parallel and Distributed Applications and Platforms, Algorithmic Innovations for Parallel and Distributed Machine Learning.   

 Applications   
 Parallel and Distributed Applications, Scalable Data Analytics & Applied Machine Learning, Computational and Data-Driven Science & Engineering (e.g., Astrophysics, Computational Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Climate Science, Finance, Geology).   

 Architecture   
 Micro-Architecture for Parallel Computing, Parallel Computer Architecture and Accelerator Designs, LArge-Scale System Architectures, Datacenter/Warehouse Computing Architecture, Machine Learning Architectures, Architectural Support for Networking, New Memory Technologies, Near-Memory Computing, Parallel I/O, Architectures for Edge Computing, Architectural Support for Reliability and Security.   

 Multidisciplinary   
 Innovation combining multiple disciplines, Cross-Cutting Research (e.g., Complex Workﬂows Combining Data Analytics and/or AI/ML with Traditional Simulations), Use of Known Algorithms in Novel/Emerging Applications, Methodologies for Performance Portability and/or Productivity across Architectures.   

 Performance   
 Performance Modeling of Parallel or Distributed Computing, Performance Evaluation of Parallel or Distributed Systems; Scalability, Simulation Models, Analytical Models, Measurement-Based Evaluation.   

 Software   
 Systems Software, Middleware, Runtime Systems, Parallel and Distributed Programming Languages & Models, Programming Systems, Compilers, Libraries, Programming Infrastructures and Tools, Operating and Real-Time Systems.   

 Please Note  
 1. We expect at least one author of an accepted paper to attend the conference. The expectation of attendance is implicit in submitting a paper to a conference, rather than a journal, and brings ethical responsibilities to participate actively in the conference (talking to other attendees, presenting the paper, and attending conference sessions).  
  2. Consequently, it is expected that all accepted papers will be presented in person, unless clear and extenuating circumstances prevent attendance.  
  3. As an author of an accepted paper, this means you should exhaust all efforts to attend, including seeking a visa (where needed).  
  4. Any allowance for remote presentation will be considered only after clear evidence that attendance is impossible.  
  5. These decisions about remote presentation will be made two weeks before the conference begins.  
  6. The conference proceedings will be finalized after the conference based on the papers presented.  
  7. A registration fee is required for all accepted papers, regardless of attendance.  

 Conference Venue  
 Cleone Peterson Eccles Alumni House  

 Visit    

 © 2024 Copyright © 2023 International Conference on Parallel Processing.