Skip to content      

 6-8 November 2023   

 In Person Event   

 Home 
  Submissions | Camera Ready Submissions 
  Venue 
  Committee 
  Registration 
  Program 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Submissions | Camera Ready Submissions 
  Venue 
  Committee 
  Registration 
  Program 

 The 35 th  IEEE International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence (ICTAI)  

 CALL FOR PAPERS      

 Dear Authors,   
 ICTAI 2023 uses a double-blind review process. To facilitate this, please ensure that your names and affiliations do not appear anywhere in the submitted paper.   
 Best Regards!   
  ICTAI 2023 Organizing Committee   
    
 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission: July 21, 2023   
  Paper Notification: August 31, 2023   
  Camera Ready: September 20, 2023   

 Welcome to ICTAI 2023  

 The IEEE International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence (ICTAI) is a leading IEEE-CS annual scientific meeting for three decades. It provides a major international forum where the creation and exchange of ideas related to artificial intelligence are fostered among academia, industry, and government agencies. The conference facilitates the cross-fertilization of these ideas and promotes their transfer into practical tools, for developing intelligent systems and pursuing artificial intelligence applications. The ICTAI encompasses all technical aspects of specifying, developing and evaluating the theoretical underpinnings and applied mechanisms of the AI-based components of computer tools such as algorithms, architectures and languages.  

 Conference Categories  

 AI Foundations  Evolutionary computing, Bayesian and Neural Networks 
  Decision/Utility Theory and Decision Optimization 
  Search, SAT, and CSP 
  Description Logic and Ontologies 
  AI in Domain-specific Applications  AI in Computational Biology, Medicine and Biomedical Applications 
  AI in WWW, Communication, Social Networking, Recommender Systems, Games and E-Commerce 
  AI in Finance and Risk Management 
  AI in Computer Systems  AI in Robotics, Computer Vision and Games 
  AI in Natural Language Processing 
  AI in Software Engineering, Real-Time and Embedded Applications, and Sensor Networks 
  AI in Cloud Computing, Data-Intensive Applications and Online/Streaming and Multimedia Systems 
  AI in Web Search and Information Retrieval 
  AI in Computer Security, Data Privacy, and Information Assurance 
  AI in Data Analytics and Big Data  Visual Analytics for Big Data 
  Computational Modeling for Big Data 
  Large-scale Recommendation and Social Media Systems 
  Cloud/Grid/Stream Data Mining for Big Velocity Data 
  Semantic-based Big Data Mining 
  AI in Smart Cities  Healthcare, Traffic, Transportation, Environment, etc. 
  AI Synergistic models  Bridging AI Models for Advanced AI. 

 Machine Learning  Dimension Reduction and Feature Selection computing 
  Learning Graphical Models and Complex Networks 
  Active, Cost-Sensitive, Semi-Supervised, Multi-Instance, Multi-Label and Mulit-Task Learning 
  Transfer/Adaptive, Rational and Structured Learning 
  Preference/Ranking, Ensemble, and Reinforcement Learning 
  Learn continuous-Incremental Learning 
  Knowledge Representation, Reasoning and Cognitive Modelling  Knowledge Representation, Reasoning 
  Knowledge Extraction, Management and Sharing 
  Case-based Reasoning and Knowledge-based Systems 
  Cognitive Modelling and Semantic Web 
  AI and Decision Systems  Decision Guidance and Support Systems 
  Optimization-based Recommender Systems 
  Group, Distributed, and Collaborative Decisions 
  Crowd-sourcing and Collective Intelligence Decision-making 
  Strategic, Tactical and Operational-level Decisions 
  Decision-making in Social and Mobile Networks 
  Uncertainty in AI  Uncertainty and Fuzziness Representation and Reasoning 
  Approximate/Exact Probabilistic Inference 
  Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining for Uncertain 
  AI and Societal Impact  AI Fairness, Accountability and Transparency 
  AI interpretability and explainability 
  Ethical and Trustworthy AI 

 Paper Submission  

 ICTAI 2023 uses a double-blind review process.   To facilitate this, authors should ensure that their names and affiliations do not appear anywhere in the submitted paper.    
 SUBMISSION should be made through the Easy Chair link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ictai2023  The submissions should contain original, high quality, not submitted, or published elsewhere work. Papers should be submitted electronically in pdf format and should conform to IEEE specifications (single-spaced, double-column, 10-point font size, up to 8 pages  

 Paper Presentation  

 Each accepted paper should be presented by one of the authors and accompanied by at least one full registration fee payment, to guarantee publication in the proceedings. All accepted papers will be included in the proceedings of ICTAI 2023 that will be published by the IEEE Computer Society.   

 Special Issues in IEEE & Int. Journals  

 Extended versions of selected papers from the conference will be reviewed and published in special issues in various IEEE and Int. Journals  

 Best ICTAI Papers Recognition Awards  

 ICTAI provide several financial awards to the top-5 best student papers and to the ICTAI Best Paper Award.  

  Contact ICTAI 2023   

 General Chair  

 Anna Esposito   
  University of Campania, Italy   
  [email protected]     
   
 Program Chair  

 M. Yang   
  Kennesaw State University, GA, USA [email protected]     

 Program Chair  

 G. Cordasco   
  University of Campania, Italy  
  [email protected]     

 Facebook-f     Twitter     Linkedin       

 Privacy  | Accessibility Statement  | IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy  | © 2023 IEEE – All rights reserved    

 Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions   

 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.