Information and Communication Technologies in Education, Research, and Industrial Applications | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
   
 DE     
 EN      
   
 Bücher       
   
 Zeitschriften       
   
 Themenseiten Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Organisationspsychologie    Projektmanagement    Marketing    Smart Manufacturing      

 Weitere Formate Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Podcasts    Webinare Technik    Webinare Wirtschaft    Kongresse    Veranstaltungskalender    Awards    MyNewsletter      

 Jetzt Einzelzugang starten       
   
 Zugang für Unternehmen       
   
 Referenzkunden       
   
 Sustainability in Automotive       

 Gesamtlebenszyklus wird immer wichtiger  
 In der Digitalkonferenz am 5. Dezember 2024 geht es um die wachsende Bedeutung der Kreislaufwirtschaft in der Automobilindustrie und wie nachhaltige Werkstoffe sowie wiederverwendbare Komponenten dazu beitragen können.  

 Springer Professional     
   
   Suche   Suchbegriffe eingeben       Suchen     
  
 Erweiterte Suche      

  Anmelden      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT BENÖTIGT    
 Bitte aktivieren Sie Java-Script in Ihrem Browser, damit Sie alle Vorteile und Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER WIRD NICHT MEHR UNTERSTÜZT    
 Der Internet Explorer wird als Browser seitens Microsoft nicht mehr unterstützt. Für Ihr optimales Nutzungserlebnis wählen Sie bitte Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome oder Firefox als Browser.   

 nach oben    

 2023 | Buch  

 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
   
 Information and Communication Technologies in Education, Research, and Industrial Applications  
 18th International Conference, ICTERI 2023, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine, September 18–22, 2023, Proceedings  
 herausgegeben von: Grigoris Antoniou, Vadim Ermolayev, Vitaliy Kobets, Vira Liubchenko, Heinrich C. Mayr, Aleksander Spivakovsky, Vitaliy Yakovyna, Grygoriy Zholtkevych   
   
 Verlag: Springer Nature Switzerland    
 Buchreihe : Communications in Computer and Information Science    
 Enthalten in: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Inhaltsverzeichnis    

      Suchen      
 insite    
 SUCHEN    

 Über dieses Buch  
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 18th International Conference, ICTERI 2023, held in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine, during September 18–22, 2023.  
 The 21 full papers included in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 90 submissions. The volume focuses on research advances in ICT, business or academic applications of ICT, and design and deployment of ICT infrastructures.  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Loggen Sie sich ein, um Ihre Alerts zu aktualisieren und Neue anzulegen.  

 Anzeige   

 Inhaltsverzeichnis  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Invited Paper  
 Frontmatter  
  
 The Power of Good Old-Fashioned AI for Urban Traffic Control  
  Abstract   
 The current worldwide increasing trend in urbanisation is aggravating urban traffic congestion’s social, economic, and health burdens. The introduction of new means of transport, such as Connected Autonomous Vehicles, and the rise of Artificial Intelligence, is enabling a paradigm shift in urban traffic management and control from existing reactive to proactive traffic control: proactive control paradigms can preemptively address issues, mitigating the negative impact on mobility.   
 In this paper we provide an overview of the work done in the area by the Huddersfield AI for Urban Traffic Management and Control research team.   
   
 Mauro Vallati   

 Main Conference  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Automated Design of a Neuroevolution Program Using Algebra-Algorithmic Tools  
  Abstract   
 The adjustment of the previously developed algebra-algorithmic tools towards the automated design and generation of programs that use neuroevolutionary algorithms is proposed. Neuroevolution is a set of machine learning techniques that apply evolutionary algorithms to facilitate the solving of complex tasks, such as games, robotics, and simulation of natural processes. The developed program design toolkit provides automated construction of high-level algorithm specifications represented in Glushkov’s system of algorithmic algebra and synthesis of corresponding programs based on implementation templates in a target programming language. The adjustment of the toolkit for designing neuroevolutionary algorithms consists in adding the descriptions and software implementations of the relevant elementary operators and predicates to a database of the toolkit. The use of the toolkit is illustrated by an example of designing and generating a program for the single-pole balancing problem, which applies the neuroevolutionary algorithm of the NEAT-Python library. The results of the experiment consisting in the execution of the program generated with the algebra-algorithmic toolkit are given.   
   
 Anatoliy Doroshenko, Illia Achour, Olena Yatsenko   

 On Randomization of Reduction Strategies for Typeless Lambda Calculus  
  Abstract   
 It is well known that the functional programming paradigm provides certain advantages, namely increasing the reliability of software development, improving software verification and validation, providing software artefact reusability, and scaling software solutions. But this paradigm is not free from disadvantages also. The most serious of them are redundant memory usage and low-performance productivity. The ideas concerning the implementation of randomization mechanisms into reduction strategies, which is a significant part of the kernel of functional computing systems, are considered in the paper. The authors present simulation tools for studying such a mechanism and give their grounding. They also present the experimental results of the comparison analysis of variants reduction randomization.   
   
 Oleksandr Deineha, Volodymyr Donets, Grygoriy Zholtkevych   

 Solving Sokoban Game with a Heuristic for Avoiding Dead-End States  
  Abstract   
 This paper focuses on applying reinforcement learning methods to solve the game Sokoban. This game is a popular puzzle, relatively easy for humans to solve. However, it poses a significant challenge for computer algorithms due to the irreversible nature of certain moves. To predict which actions will lead to such undesirable states is often difficult for a learning agent – a common problem in tasks requiring planning. We propose using a Monte-Carlo tree search (MCTS) algorithm and a heuristic convolution neural network (CNN) specially trained to separate undesirable, neutral, and desired game states to address this issue. We experimented with different heuristic variations of algorithms and compared them against each other. We have implemented MCTS in two different setups: one with a CNN trained using data obtained during the solving process and one without such training. We also varied the number of rollouts for each move in MCTS and compared the results. The paper’s research question was how to improve the performance of learning agents in tasks that require planning to avoid unwanted states.   
   
 Oleksii Ignatenko, Ruslan Pravosud   

 Information System for Calculating the Shortest Route for a Mobile Robot in a Multilevel Environment Based on Unity  
  Abstract   
 An integral part of the global task of increasing the efficiency of movement processes and performing specified technological operations by a mobile robot is the choice of a movement path from the initial (starting) to the final (target) point. At the same time, a preliminary assessment of the proposed route of movement is an important stage in the development of a program for its movement. In this paper, we consider the problem of finding the shortest path for moving the mobile robot in a multilevel environment, taking into account the features of transitions between levels, restrictions, the presence or absence of obstacles along the way. An information system for calculating the shortest route from the starting point to the target point is proposed based on the NavMesh navigation system in the Unity virtual environment. The results of computer simulation of robot movement in a multilevel environment show that the system successfully finds the shortest route for various scenarios.   
   
 Oleksandr S. Gerasin, Andriy M. Topalov, Valeriy V. Zaytsev, Dmytro V. Zaytsev, Oleksandr M. Susak, Oleg V. Savchenko   

 Analysis and Systematization of Vulnerabilities of Drone Subsystems  
  Abstract   
 A drone is a software (SW) and hardware (HW) complex that has wireless data transfer technologies (Wi-Fi, LTE, 5G, Bluetooth, etc.) To transfer data, it uses various communication protocols: both specific and generally known.   
 Drones can perform complex tasks, but some cyber-attacks (such as Denial-of-Services - DoS) can lead to the failure of individual components of the drone and the entire system as a whole.   
 Guidelines for protecting against drone attacks are provided by many organizations that develop cybersecurity standards (NIST, CERT, CISA, etc.). Methods to prevent cyber-attacks can be used to drones, with adjustments to their parameters and architectural features. There are also recommendations for protecting drone components and also methods of communication protocols protection from cyber-attacks.   
 The authors of this study offer a comprehensive approach to the analysis of vulnerabilities of drone subsystems, which includes a system analysis of drone architecture, vulnerability analysis by different vulnerability databases, and their systematization.   
   
 Maryna Kolisnyk, Oleksandr Piskachov   

 Helicopters Turboshaft Engines Parameters Identification Using Neural Network Technologies Based on the Kalman Filter  
  Abstract   
 The work is a continuation of the research devoted to the development of a multidimensional Kalman filter connected at the output of the built-in helicopter’s turboshaft engines mathematical dynamic model to improve the accuracy of helicopters turboshaft engines parameters identification and achieve high quality automatic control. The main difference is the use of radial basis functions neural networks, in which the multivariate Kalman filter is a training algorithm. The work illustrates well-known mathematical expressions underlying of optimal multidimensional filtering algorithms. The methods of mathematical modeling in the Matlab environment tested the proposed algorithms. The simulation results showed that the use of neural networks trained by the multidimensional Kalman matrix filter as part of the model of helicopters turboshaft engines built into the automatic control system allows achieving high indicators of the accuracy of identifying the parameters of helicopters turboshaft engines automatic control system – up to 0.9975, then in practical analogues.   
   
 Serhii Vladov, Yurii Shmelov, Ruslan Yakovliev, Maryna Petchenko   

 Modification of Fuzzy TOPSIS Based on Various Proximity Coefficients Metrics and Shapes of Fuzzy Sets  
  Abstract   
 The relevance of this work lies in the need for qualitative evaluation of innovative projects, which are characterized by various technical and economic indicators, and, as a rule, significant capital investments are required for their implementation. The use of multi-criteria methods, in particular the modified Fuzzy TOPSIS, will allow to increase the accuracy of decision-making when choosing the optimal innovative project. The purpose of the work is to select the optimal innovative project through the use of the developed software application based on the modified Fuzzy TOPSIS method, as well as to investigate the influence of the parameters of the specified method on the decision-making result. To modify the Fuzzy TOPSIS method, the Euclidean distance, the Hamming distance, and the Chebyshev distance were used to determine the proximity coefficients. Another element of the modification of the Fuzzy TOPSIS method was the ability to calculate results using various fuzzy numbers, such as triangular, trapezoidal, and Gaussian. A comparative analysis of the obtained results with other multi-criteria decision-making methods was carried out. A data entry template for experts has also been created and the results presented in a clear and easy-to-read format.   
   
 Dmytro Hapishko, Ievgen Sidenko, Galyna Kondratenko, Yuriy Zhukov, Yuriy Kondratenko   

 Development of the Professional Competence of Bachelors in Preschool Education Through Online Interaction  
  Abstract   
 The article discusses the issue of pre-service professional training of preschool teachers on the example of the course Workshop on Children’s Play Activities for students of the first (Bachelor’s) level of higher education of the educational and professional program 012.00.01 Preschool Education. This paper focuses on the ways of developing the professional competence of Bachelors of Preschool Education through online interaction. The place of the course Workshop on Children’s Play Activities in the e-learning system of Borys Grinchenko Kyiv University is presented. The article describes the structure of the electronic online training course, the logic of thematic unit mapping of the course. Authors suggest effective services and resources for online interaction of participants of the educational process, namely: during lectures (Google Meet, Google Chat, Google Hangouts, Google Classroom, Webex, Zoom, Lucidspark, Agile, Canva, Mentimeter, Kahoot, Piktochart); seminar sessions (Hangouts, Zoom, Easel.ly Padlet, Piktochart, AnswerGarden, Slides, Prezi, Learningapps, Socratic); and practical classes (Microsoft Teams, Migo, Whiteboard, Agile Workflows, Class Dojo, Mural, GoAnimate, GIFAnimate, Slasstools, Learningapps, Triventy, Yumpu, Emaze, Genially, Flippity, Wordwall, Kahoot). Authors claim that usage of information and communication technologies is effective for facilitating online interaction, increasing students’ engagement with theoretical material, and making the preparation to seminars and practical classes easier for students. Using the suggested services and resources will allow the organization of dynamic and engaging classes, as well as promoting active interaction with students even in online setting.   
   
 Tatyana Ponomarenko, Olena Kovalenko, Tetiana Shynkar, Larysa Harashchenko, Tetiana Holovatenko   

 Design and Implementation of Didactic Process Based on Simulation  
  Abstract   
 The problem of designing didactic processes has not been solved to this day, although some specific issues are considered. The article presents a generalized approach model based on the reference ADDIE model including the organisational level to the design and implementation of the didactic process. The model uses Bloom’s taxonomy and Gardner’s Theory of Multiple Intelligences. The model has been modified towards a dynamic design oriented on quality, efficiency and adaptive learning. A competency-based decomposition is used. The lowest level of decomposition is the activities level where the information flows as well as the learning and forgetting are taken into account. The competences-objectives-activities-data linking is discussed. The level of activities is represented in the form of an electrical-like network. The network represents differential equations describing dynamic learning and forgetting as well as the structure and information flows of the didactic process. The element models can be easily extended. The networks can be simulated and optimized. The results can be used during the design process. The simulation result as well as the structure of network equations enables inference. The article presents the results of simulations of some aspects of didactic processes including scheduling and sequencing, gap effect, workload, predicting achievements and effectiveness.   
   
 Paweł Plaskura   

 Theoretical Principles of Measuring and Interpreting Levels of Attention, Involvement and Organizing Feedback of Students to the Educational Process Using Automated Software Products  
  Abstract   
 The article highlights the theoretical foundations of measuring and interpreting student attention levels, engagement, and feedback, an attempt is made to characterize the possibilities of using automated software products for this purpose. The article identifies the psychological characteristics of students of the Zoomers generation, which affect the educational process and cause the revision of educational technologies. A comparative analysis of traditional and distance learning was carried out. Based on the characteristics and interpretation of visual markers for measuring the attention and involvement of the acquirers, the requirements for the software product for determining the degree of involvement and the degree of information perception are described. The article discusses the main AI-based tools that allow you to assess the level of audience attention in real time during online conferences (EmotionCues, HEADROOM and MeetingPulse) from the standpoint of the effectiveness of the analysis of the emotional component and the possibility of integration with online conference services. The theoretical analysis is the basis for further research on the measurement and interpretation of students’ attention, engagement and feedback.   
   
 Aleksander Spivakovsky, Lyubov Petukhova, Maksym Poltoratskyi, Oleksandr Lemeshchuk, Anastasiia Volianiuk, Olena Kazannikova, Nataliia Voropay, Svitlana Chepurna   

 Self-directed Learning in Chemistry Laboratory via Simulations  
  Abstract   
 Self-directed learning is seen as a key competence for survival in the twenty-first century. Self-directed learning is not about learning; instead, it is a meta-theory about learning how to learn. During the pandemic process, many theoretical and applied courses were conducted via distance education. One of these courses is the general chemistry laboratory. While the laboratory course was conducted with distance education, simulation applications were used. For the general chemistry laboratory experiments, first of all, theoretical lectures were made over zoom. Afterwards, the students performed experiments using simulation. The aim of this research is to determine the effect of the general chemistry laboratory conducted with distance education and simulations on the chemistry laboratory self-efficacy. The research was designed in a quasi-experimental design model. The sample group of the research consists of 25 pre-service chemistry teachers studying at a state university. Data were collected with the chemistry laboratory self-efficacy scale. The data obtained from the chemistry laboratory self-efficacy scale were analyzed. As a result of the research, it was determined that the simulation-supported laboratory application had a significant effect on the psychomotor self-efficacy and cognitive self-efficacy of the pre-service teachers. According to the results of the research, pre-service teachers are worried and afraid that they will not be able to do the experiment in the laboratory, so simulations are effective in increasing psychomotor and cognitive self-efficacy as they are very useful for preparation for the experiment.   
   
 Fatma Alkan   

 The Use of Digital Tools for Mastering Practical Disciplines in the Distance Format of Training Bachelors of Preschool Education  
  Abstract   
 The article examines the peculiarities of the use of digital tools (DT) in the education of students of the specialty 012 Preschool Education in the discipline «Art needlework». The authors identified the aspects of the study of the problem of using digital tools in the professional training of future teachers, carried out by modern scientists. The relevance of the application of DT for mastering practical disciplines by bachelors in the process of distance learning is determined. It was established: the lack of development of future bachelors in the field of preschool education competence regarding the application of DT for the organization of artistic and productive activities of preschool children. A model of the use of these digital tools in the process of teaching the discipline «Art needlework» has been developed. The experience of using various digital tools of visualization, collective interaction, game services, augmented reality in mastering disciplines is described, such as: Genially ,  Jamboard, Conceptboard, Kahoot, H5P, Craiyon, Deepdreamgenerator, Dreamstudio, Canva, Fotor, LightShot, Fanny Pho.to, Blippbuilder. The effectiveness of the use of digital tools for mastering practical disciplines in the distance format of the training of bachelors of preschool education has been proven.   
   
 Larysa Harashchenko, Olena Kovalenko, Liudmyla Kozak, Olena Litichenko, Dana Sopova   

 A Bot-Based Self-report Diagnostic Tool to Assess Post-traumatic Stress Disorder  
  Abstract   
 This paper discussed using a bot-based self-report diagnostic tool to identify post-traumatic stress disorder. The authors present information technology for assessing the psychological state of individuals who have experienced traumatic events in a stressful environment. The technology uses the International Trauma Questionnaire (ITQ) and additional questions describing the current psychological environment. The study employed data analysis techniques to identify significant dependencies between respondents’ answers to additional questions about the current environment and their ITQ scores. The bot interface provides a user-friendly platform for respondents to complete the questionnaire. The analytical system, which includes data collection, storage, and processing, allows for flexibility in modifying the questionnaire based on ongoing research.   
   
 Vira Liubchenko, Nataliia Komleva, Svitlana Zinovatna   

 Ph.D. Symposium  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Stock Market Crashes as Phase Transitions  
  Abstract   
 In this study, we apply the multifractal detrended fluctuation analysis concepts to financial time series that helps to determine the onset of a crash in the Dow Jones Industrial Average index. For the studied index we emphasize 4 the most influential stock market crashes: Wall Street Crash of 1929, Black Monday of 1987, Financial crisis of 2007–2008, and 2020 stock market crash. We present that economic crashes on a mapping with multifractality phenomena demonstrate a dynamic phase transition. Some of the presented multifractal measures appear to be analogues of free energy and specific heat, and can be used as indicators or indicators-precursors of the stock market crashes.   
   
 Andrii Bielinskyi, Vladimir Soloviev, Victoria Solovieva, Andriy Matviychuk, Serhii Hushko, Halyna Velykoivanenko   

 Bibliometric Analysis of Adaptive Learning Literature from 2011-2019: Identifying Primary Concepts and Keyword Clusters  
  Abstract   
 This paper presents a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of the adaptive learning literature from 2011 to 2019 in the social sciences domain. The study utilizes the Scopus database to identify relevant sources and employs cluster analysis based on keyword co-occurrence to categorize the primary concepts. The research focuses on understanding the key areas and trends within adaptive learning, shedding light on its development and impact over the specified period. The relevance of this analysis lies in the increasing importance of adaptive learning in modern education systems, especially in the context of integrating innovative technologies and addressing the challenges posed by the digital society. As the demand for quality education and skilled teaching staff grows, there is a need to explore and implement more student-centered approaches, such as adaptive learning, to enhance the learning experience and improve educational outcomes. The outputs of this research provide valuable insights into the main themes and areas of interest within the adaptive learning field during the selected timeframe. By identifying primary concepts and keyword clusters, the study offers a comprehensive overview of the key topics, theories, and technologies that have shaped the development of adaptive learning. This analysis can serve as a valuable resource for researchers, educators, and policymakers seeking to understand the current landscape of adaptive learning and explore potential avenues for future research and innovation.   
   
 Liliia O. Fadieieva   

 Data Analysis for Predicting Stock Prices Using Financial Indicators Based on Business Reports  
  Abstract   
 Increased access to the stock market leads to a growing interest in investing and an increase in the number of new investors. However, investing in the stock market involves risks and requires good preparation and analysis. To protect and grow their investments, investors should carefully analyze the company they plan to invest in. Our paper aims to develop a model for predicting financial indicators from companies’ business reports based on data analysis and machine learning using Python programming language.   
 Tasks of our research contain the collection of historical data from business reports or financial databases, data cleaning, and feature selection of relevant explanatory variables (such as net income, price-to-earnings ratio, total equity, operating margin, and gross margin) to predict the dependent variable (market price per share). Random Forest outperformed Multiple Linear Regression in predicting stock prices, displaying lower RMSE (9.53), Deviation Percentage (34.61%), and higher R-squared (97.22%).   
 The Deviation Percentage of 34.61% may seem relatively high, suggesting that there is still room for improvement in the model’s precision in predicting stock prices accurately. It is essential to consider other factors that might affect stock prices beyond the selected financial indicators.   
 The conclusion emphasizes the importance of considering additional market factors, such as competition, economic conditions, and industry changes when making investment decisions. Although the random forest model is an effective tool for analyzing the dependence of stock prices on various variables, it does not account for all factors affecting stock prices. Therefore, investors should use market analysis to make the correct investment decisions.   
   
 Oleksii Ivanov, Vitaliy Kobets   

 Artificial Intelligence Impact on Food Security of States in the World  
  Abstract   
 Because food crisis is so wide-reaching, there is a strong a need in the transformation of world agriculture and food production sector. The innovative digital technologies, namely AI, are widely acknowledged as a solution for enhancing food crises management and agricultural productivity. The purpose of this paper is to research the linkage between food security and artificial intelligence against the backdrop of global digitalization processes by using cluster analysis (SOM algorithm). The level of impact of AI on food security is deployed in ascending order for clusters Absence, Starter, Adopter, Frontrunner. Countries with more developed digital infrastructure are better able to respond to current food security threats and build resilience for the future. Due to development of digital economy and AI solutions, the level of food security for clusters of Adopter, Frontrunner is largely higher than for countries with low level of digitalization and AI diffusion (clusters of Absence, Starter). Furthermore, the level of agriculture value added correlates with AI application and country’s economic development. The more country’s economy depends on agriculture, the lower is country’s food security level and the slower is country’s digitalization.   
   
 Oleksandra Novak, Vitaliy Kobets   

 Increasing Investment Portfolio Profitability with Computer Analysis Trading Strategies  
  Abstract   
 The paper is devoted to our research on the effectiveness of using different middle- and long-term trading strategies based on computer analysis (CA) indicators. This paper contains a brief overview of three technical analysis indicators that are usually used for getting buy or sell signals for some specific financial instruments (FIs). We have described the approach that allows using such signals not only for a single FI but for a whole investment portfolio. The initial investment portfolio is generated using Markowitz’s Modern Portfolio Theory. The paper contains an overview of similar approaches presented by other researchers. During the experimental part of the research, we compared the effectiveness of using such CA indicators as moving average (MA), relative strength index (RSI), and support and resistance (S&R). The results prove that using certain CA strategies allows not only to increase the initial investment portfolio profitability on rising periods in the financial market but also may reduce loss during a global financial market recession.   
   
 Serhii Savchenko, Vitaliy Kobets   

 Quality Assessment and Assurance of Machine Learning Systems: A Comprehensive Approach  
  Abstract   
 Machine learning (ML) is opening up new opportunities for the development of innovative systems across a wide range of industries. However, assessing and ensuring the quality of systems with ML components introduces unique challenges related to inherent characteristics of such components like data centricity and unpredictable behavior. Traditional software quality assessment and assurance methods may not be sufficient for ML systems: (1) they focus on software code, while ML systems’ quality is influenced by the characteristics of the data and the algorithms used to create ML components; (2) they do not cover the emerging quality characteristics specific to ML systems, such as interpretability, explainability, fairness and trustworthiness. This PhD project aims to develop a comprehensive approach for assessing and assuring the quality of ML systems, with a focus on bias detection and prevention. The research will (1) explore the problem of bias in production ML systems; (2) analyze the gaps in existing software quality models and methods related to bias detection and prevention; and (3) propose an improved approach to quality assessment and assurance to address the challenges associated with bias in ML systems. The results of this PhD project are expected to contribute to the development of better models and methods for assessing and assuring the quality of ML systems, as well as have practical implications for industries that rely on ML systems to automate complex tasks, facilitate decision-making processes and gain insights from large amounts of data.   
   
 Yurii Sholomii, Vitaliy Yakovyna   

 Vulnerability Detection of Smart Contracts Based on Bidirectional GRU and Attention Mechanism  
  Abstract   
 The paper is devoted to methods of detecting vulnerabilities of smart contracts using machine learning. The purpose of the study is to improve the accuracy of detecting the reentrancy vulnerability of smart contracts by implementing new machine learning models. A thorough analysis of the current literature was performed and the shortcomings of the existing tools for detecting vulnerabilities of smart contracts were identified. In particular, insufficient accuracy and low adaptability of existing models to new vulnerabilities were noted. To solve these problems, a new model based on a kind of recurrent neural networks with a gating mechanism, namely a bidirectional GRU with an attention mechanism, was proposed to detect the reentrancy vulnerability at the Solidity code level. Using the Word2vec model, the source code of smart contracts was transformed into an array of vectors and used as input to the neural network. Precision, recall and F-beta score were used to evaluate the developed model. 500 smart contract source codes from the Ethereum blockchain were used to train the model, 250 of which had the reentrancy vulnerability. The constructed model was compared with Simple RNN, LSTM, BLSTM, BGRU and BLSTM-ATT models. The obtained results showed that the developed model is ahead of the listed models. The closest values of the metrics were obtained by the BLSTM-ATT model, while the developed BGRU-ATT model uses significantly fewer parameters that need to be optimized, which reduces the training time of the model to detect new vulnerabilities.   
   
 Oleksandr Tereshchenko, Nataliia Komleva   

 Modeling the Resource Planning System for Grocery Retail Using Machine Learning  
  Abstract   
 The reach of online grocery services has expanded to encompass new customer segments in recent years. During the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak, when delivery slots were limited and customer demand was high, click-and-collect models became increasingly popular. In order to keep pace with evolving customer behavior, it is crucial for retailers to maintain a high degree of operational process efficiency within their business model. This research paper proposes a resource planning system for grocery retail delivery services that utilizes machine learning techniques. The system aims to optimize the allocation of resources, such as delivery drivers, and reduce transport costs, improving the overall efficiency and profitability of the delivery operations. The system is designed to capture and analyze data from various sources, including delivery orders, traffic patterns, weather conditions, and driver schedules. The proposed research demonstrates the potential of machine learning techniques to transform resource planning in grocery retail delivery services and highlights the importance of Data-Driven decision-making in today’s highly competitive retail landscape.   
   
 Bohdan Yakymchuk, Olena Liashenko   

 Poster Papers  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Organization of Independent Work of Students in LMS Moodle Using a Metacognitive Approach (on the Example of Physical and Mathematical Disciplines)  
  Abstract   
 Recent years of the covid pandemic and military threats have significantly exacerbated the need for young people to obtain university education remotely. This also increases the requirements for the effectiveness of using the didactic capabilities of digital means and tools of distance education, and the quality of relevant content for organizing and supporting students’ independent educational activities. Able to effective independent cognitive activity can only be a person who has the appropriate cognitive skills, and is aware of his own cognitive processes. Therefore, filling students’ independent work with metacognitive content should be considered as the subject and purpose of training, along with the traditional goal of the university, which is the formation of subject knowledge and skills. The subject of our research is the use of means and tools of LMS Moodle for the organization of independent work of students based on a metacognitive approach in the study of physical and mathematical disciplines. The article analyzes the problems of organizing students’ independent work and offers some ways to solve them using the Moodle functionality. Examples of the use of individual Moodle activities by the article’s authors for the organization and support of independent work of students are given.   
   
 Mariia Astafieva, Dmytro Bodnenko, Oksana Lytvyn, Volodymyr Proshkin   

 Cognitive Technologies and Competence Development: Bibliometric Analysis  
  Abstract   
 The development of cognitive technologies and the formation of competences become an integral part of success in the conditions of a rapidly changing world. This document presents a bibliometric analysis of cognitive technologies and competencies. The dataset was retrieved from the Scopus database, analyzed and presented using VOSviewer. The search equation identified 281 studies. After analysis and application of filters, 60 studies were selected for further analysis. Among the journals that publish research on this topic, the most productive is Ceur Workshop Proceedings (5%). The most cited authors are González-González and Jiménez-Zarco. Authors from Indonesia, Spain and China published the most articles. The top 5 thematic categories include Computer Science; Social Sciences; Engineering; Business, Management and Accounting; Energy. The most cited article is Birjali, M., Beni-Hssane, A., Erritali, M. Research on cognitive technologies and the development of competencies open broad perspectives for improving learning, professional development, and personal growth.   
   
 Tetiana Ivanova   

 Smart-Systems in STEM Education  
  Abstract   
 The article “Smart-Systems in STEM Education” explores the significance of integrating “Smart-systems” technologies into STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) education. The article highlights the role of “Smart-systems” in preparing students for the future by providing practical experiences and fostering critical thinking and problem-solving skills. It discusses various technologies associated with “Smart-systems,” such as robotics, IoT, AI, and data analytics, and their applications in STEM education. The article also presents a range of resources available for educators and students, including online courses, educational websites, maker spaces, and competitions. By leveraging these resources, educators can create engaging learning environments that inspire students to explore and pursue careers in emerging fields. The article emphasizes the benefits of incorporating “Smart-systems” in STEM education, including the development of technological literacy, interdisciplinary learning, and the cultivation of skills necessary for the digital age. Ultimately, embracing “Smart-systems” in STEM education empowers students to become the next generation of innovators and problem solvers who can contribute to a rapidly evolving technological landscape.   
   
 Iryna Nikitina, Tetyana Ishchenko   

 Digital Technologies as a Means of Forming Subject-Methodical Competence Future Primary School Teachers  
  Abstract   
 The article updates the problem of the application of digital technologies in various professional methods and their integration in the educational process of institutions of higher pedagogical education. According to the authors, the formation of subject-methodical competence of future primary school teachers is not possible without the formation of abilities: navigate in the information space, use existing and, if necessary, create new electronic resources; use modern digital technologies in the educational process. For the formation of professional skills and abilities in students of pedagogical specialties, the quality of educational content of a methodological nature, created by means of digital technologies, is essential.   
 In accordance with the purpose of digital technologies and their application in professional teaching methods, the most effective sets of programs and applications were determined for students to create educational and methodological support for the educational process in primary school. Such as: mind maps (summary diagram of interactive lessons), presentations (demonstration of educational materials), comics (visualization of educational information in frames-pictures), word clouds (visualization of educational content in keywords), infographics (visualization and structuring of a large amount of educational information), virtual boards (coordination of work in groups in class, during the web quests, organization of student communication), interactive tasks and online tests (creation of exercises to acquire skills, development of tasks and tests to reveal knowledge and skills).   
   
 Svitlana Palamar, Liudmyla Nezhyva, Kateryna Brovko, Dmytro Bodnenko   

 Approaches and Economic Benefits of Property Registers Digitalization: Evidence from Ukraine  
  Abstract   
 Modernization of the system of the property registers and cadastres is an essential component for the development of society, automation of services providing, optimization of register’s operating costs, efficient operation of subsidy and tax systems, and reduction of property fraud. An analysis of the current state of the property public registers system has been given. It has been established that considering Ukraine’s historical development, it is expedient to modernize the existing information systems and ensure information interaction between the existing registers and cadastres, but not develop the new system (property cadastre). The interoperability of the data in property information systems has been described. The functions of the main stakeholders on property registration (land surveyors, a state employee of the state architectural service, local government architects and private engineers, and state registrars of property rights) have been described in the form of a case UML diagram.   
   
 Yevhenii B. Shapovalov, Oleksander P. Zakusilo, Viktor B. Shapovalov, Oleg I. Burba, Oleg L. Pilat, Andrii G. Martyn   

 Backmatter  

 Metadaten   

 Titel  Information and Communication Technologies in Education, Research, and Industrial Applications    
 herausgegeben von  Grigoris Antoniou  
  Vadim Ermolayev  
  Vitaliy Kobets  
  Vira Liubchenko  
  Heinrich C. Mayr  
  Aleksander Spivakovsky  
  Vitaliy Yakovyna  
  Grygoriy Zholtkevych  
     
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-3-031-48325-7    
 Print ISBN  978-3-031-48324-0    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-48325-7     

 Premium Partner  

 » zur Fachgebietsseite Business IT + Informatik 

 Bildnachweise  Rittal/© Rittal, NTT Data/© NTT Data, Wildix/© Wildix, Ceyoniq Technology GmbH/© Ceyoniq Technology GmbH, arvato Systems GmbH/© arvato Systems GmbH, Ninox Software GmbH/© Ninox Software GmbH, Everyday Software S.L./© Everyday Software S.L., Redgate/© Redgate, CELONIS Labs GmbH, DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH/© DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH, all for one/© all for one, G Data CyberDefense/© G Data CyberDefense   

 Weitere Formate | Podcasts 
  Webinare Technik 
  Webinare Wirtschaft 
  Kongresse 
  Veranstaltungskalender 
  Awards 
  MyNewsletter 
  Fachgebiete | Automobil + Motoren 
  Bauwesen + Immobilien 
  Business IT + Informatik 
  Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 
  Energie + Nachhaltigkeit 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Führung 
  Marketing + Vertrieb 
  Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe 
  Versicherung + Risiko 
  Bücher 
  Zeitschriften 
  Themenseiten | Organisationspsychologie 
  Projektmanagement 
  Marketing 
  Smart Manufacturing 
  Jetzt Einzelzugang starten 
  Zugang für Unternehmen 
  Referenzkunden 
  Sustainability in Automotive 
   MyNewsletter 

  Über uns:     
  
 In eigener Sache    Das Team    Redaktionelles Leitbild    Hilfe    Referenzen      
 Unsere Produkte:     
  
 Einzelzugang    Zugang für Unternehmen    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Verlag - Bücher    KI-gestützte Suche      
 Rechtliche Informationen:     
  
 Impressum    AGB    Datenschutzerklärung    Cookies    Cookies verwalten    Verträge hier kündigen    Zahlungsarten      
 Weiterführende Links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Mediadaten    Corporate Solutions    Whitepaper    Gabler Wirtschaftslexikon    Gabler Banklexikon    Versicherungsmagazin      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3926.0