ICTSS 2023   Mon 18 - Wed 20 September 2023 Bergamo, Italy    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: University of Bergamo 
  Registration 
  Student Travel Grant 
  About Bergamo 
  Program | ICTSS Program 
  Your Program 
   Mon 18 Sep 
  Tue 19 Sep 
  Wed 20 Sep 
  Track/Call 
  Organization | ICTSS 2023 Committees 
  Track Committees 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ICTSS 2025 
  ICTSS 2024 
  ICTSS 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 Special Topical Issue on SN Computer Science  
   
 We are organizing a special issue  on SN Computer Science   for the papers published at ICTSS 2023 (with at least 30% new material), but open also to other papers.  
 All submissions should follow the instructions available at www.springer.com/journal/42979/submission-guidelines   
 Contributions should be submitted using the submission Link https://www.editorialmanager.com/sncs/  following the given steps:  
 Step I - ‘Does this manuscript belong to a special issue? Yes/No’. Please enter ‘Yes’. 
  Step II - The author must choose the Topical Issue of choice, which will be: ‘Testing Software and Systems: theory and applications’ select the title from the dropdown list. 
  The deadline is January 31, 2024  February 29, 2024 - extended   
 Visit this page for more information https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/26083520/data/v1   

 APPLYING TO ORGANISE ICTSS FUTURE EDITIONS  
   
 Proposal should be sent, in the first place, to the Steering Committee Chair Mercedes G. Merayo ( mgmerayo@fdi.ucm.es  ), by October 20  
 You should include information about the organizers, proposed location and dates…. 
  A detailed description of the information to be included in the proposal can be found at ICTSS Applying to organize future editions. ( | https://sites.google.com/site/ictssmain/applying-to-organise-future-editions?authuser=0 | ) 

 Springer Volume link  
   
 https://link.springer.com/book/9783031432408   

 IFIP-ICTSS 35th International Conference on Testing Software and Systems: Call for Papers  
 View track page for all details   
 IFIP-ICTSS is a well-established conference where researchers, developers, testers, and users from industry get together to present and discuss the most recent innovations, experiences and open challenges related to testing software and systems and measuring software quality.  
 For more information about the conference series, see https://sites.google.com/site/ictssmain/   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
 Aspects of testing | : test derivation, test selection, test generation, test coverage, test concretization, test implementation and execution, test result analysis, test oracle, verdict computation, test management, active testing and passive testing, monitoring and runtime verification. 
  Diversity on testing | : diverse generation, selecting diverse test suites, foundations of testing and diversity, applications of entropy and Kolmogorov complexity on test suite diversity. 
  Theoretical approaches | : formalisms (such as automata, state machines, process algebra, logics, Markov-chains…), testing frameworks, results for compositionality, refinement, soundness and completeness, addressing complex systems, heterogeneous or hybrid systems. 
  Modelling languages (such as UML, MATLAB, Simulink, Modelica…) and associated tooling for model-based testing | : test generation from models, model-based oracles. Scalability, traceability, quantification issues. Automated support of any parts of the testing activities, testing processes, test-driven development, sound metrics and measurements. 
  Testing of quality aspects | : Functional, interoperability, unit, integration, performance, load, conformance, non-regression, reliability, robustness. 
  Security Testing | : methodologies and techniques for continuous security assessment, security monitoring, security review, penetration testing, verification of certification compliance; automation of security testing processes. 
  Cross domains and combination of techniques | : using other techniques such as proof, model-checking, symbolic execution, abstract interpretation, static analysis, simulation, model learning, machine learning, expert systems, neural networks, genetic algorithms… to improve quality and reduce the effort in testing processes. 
  Application aspects and case studies | : Communicating systems such as cyberphysical systems, systems of systems, embedded systems, web services systems, smart grids, cloud computing systems, business information systems, real-time systems, distributed and concurrent systems. Case studies and industrial applications involving qualified empirical evaluations. 
  IFIP-ICTSS invites:   
 Full papers     
 The aim of the Full papers submission category is to describe original research contributions with sufficient evidence for the interest of the proposed approach ( 12 to 15 pages  , plus at most 2 extra pages for references  in the one-column Springer LNCS format).  
 Short papers   or work-in-progress papers     
 The aim of the Short papers or work-in-progress papers submission category is to describe academic work in progress or tool implementations, as well as testing processes, achievements and feedbacks on testing methods for industrial case studies ( up to 6 pages  plus at most 1 extra page for references  in the one-column Springer LNCS format).  
 Journal-First     
 The aim of the Journal-First (JF) submission category is to further enrich the program of ICTSS, as well as to provide an overall more flexible path to publication and dissemination of original research that is within the scope of ICTSS. A submission in this category must adhere to the following criteria:  
 It should be clearly within the scope of the conference. 
  It should be recent: it should have been accepted and made publicly available in a journal (online or in print) by January 1, 2021 or more recently. 
  It has not been presented at, and is not under consideration for, Journal- First tracks of other conferences or workshops. 
  The submission has to be in the form of a | 4-pages extended abstract | and has to provide a concise summary of the published journal paper. 
  Journal-First submissions must be marked as such in the submission’s, and must explicitly include full bibliographic details (including a DOI) of the journal publication they are based on. Since the referenced journal papers have already been reviewed and accepted by the corresponding journals, submissions in the JF category will not be reviewed again for technical content. Submissions will be judged on the basis of the above criteria, but also considering how well they would complement the conference’s technical program. Accepted submissions in this category will be part of the proceedings of ICTSS 2023, with the title equal to the original title of the article with the prefix | Summary of | . 
   The submission link is https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/ICTSS2023   
  The papers will be published by Springer in the LNCS volume.  
 Authors should consult Springer’s Instructions for Authors of Proceedings  and use either the LaTeX or the Word templates provided on the authors’ page. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are available in Overleaf.  
 Authors are encouraged to include their ORCIDs  in their papers.  
  SPECIAL ISSUE    
 Best papers of the conference will be invited to submit an extended version of their article at a special ( topical  ) issue of the Springer Nature of Computer Science https://www.springer.com/journal/42979  . Deadline will be near the end of January 2024  with a tentative publication date for the middle 2024.  

  ICTSS 2023 Tracks   
   
 IFIP-ICTSS 35th International Conference on Testing Software and Systems    

   Posts   
   
 Twitter    
 Supporters   

 x  Mon 25 Nov 09:30    

  ICTSS 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 IFIP-ICTSS 35th International Conference on Testing Software and Systems    

 Attending  
 Venue: University of Bergamo   
  Registration   
  Student Travel Grant   
  About Bergamo    
 Sign Up