Online Library | Projects 
  Companies 
  Congress | Committees 
  Submit abstract 
  General information 
  Members | Catch a Rising Star 
  Student Exchange 
  News | Events Calendar 
  Webinars | The use of VR in acute orthopaedic trauma: challenges and opportunities 
  Implementation of Neuro Rehabilitation OnLine 
  Medical Device Regulation Webinar 
  VR4LongCovid Session 
  VR4LongCovid: The breathtaking results 
  Podcasts 
  Forum 
  About us | Website 
  Partners 
  Blueprint 
  Contact 

 Events calendar  
   
     « All Events   
 This event has passed. 
    
 The international conference on virtual rehabilitation – WCISVR 2023  
 23 July 2023  - 25 July 2023   
 $725    
 «  XR4REHAB Conference “Scale up for impact!” – Hybrid 
  Shift Medical 2023 » 

 July 2023 marks the 15th edition of the WCISVR (formerly ICVR), the flagship conference of the International Society for Virtual Rehabilitation, is an international conference series that provides an in-depth presentation of novel technologies and clinical developments in the field of virtual reality and associated topics applied to rehabilitation. Researchers, clinicians, and technology experts meet, share experiences, and plan for the future.  
   
    Add to calendar      
 Google Calendar 
  iCalendar 
  Outlook 365 
  Outlook Live 

 Details  
 Start:  23 July 2023   End:  25 July 2023   Cost:  $725  Event Categories:  Healthcare  , Rehabilitation  , XR   Website:  https://isvr.org/wcisvr-2023/      
 Organizer  
  ISVR   View Organizer Website      
   
 Venue  
  Delta by Marriott Hotels Montreal   Montreal  ,      View Venue Website      

 «  XR4REHAB Conference “Scale up for impact!” – Hybrid 
  Shift Medical 2023 » 

 Add comment Cancel reply    
 Comment    
 Name *     
 Email *     
 Website    
  Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.   
  Subscribe to our newsletter.   

 Navigation   

 Publications   
 News   
 Congress   
 Partners   
 About   
 Contact   

 Event 2025   

 Program   
 Guest speakers   
 Tickets   
 More information   

 Partners   

 EuroXR   
 Games Solutions Lab   
 Sint Maartenskliniek   
 Teesside University   
   
 All partners     

 Tickets available   

 Tickets for the XR4REHAB Conference 2025 are available soon!  
   
 Get tickets     

 © 2023 XR4REHAB  

 Privacy Policy   

 Event 2024   

 Program   
 Guest speakers   
 Tickets   
 More information   

 Tickets available   

 Tickets for the World Congress on Virtual Rehabilitation are available now!  
   
 Tickets      
    
 © 2023 XR4REHAB  

 Privacy Policy   

 We use cookies  
  
  XR4REHAB uses cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience and to measure your interactions with our websites, products and services. If you're okay with that, click "Accept". To restrict data sharing, click on "Cookie settings". You can always change your settings. See our privacy policy  for our privacy statement and cookie policy.  
  Cookie settings    
 Accept    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

 Non-necessary   Non-necessary     
   
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

  Close this module        
 Stay connected    
 Want to make sure you have the latest information about VR4REHAB? Subscribe to our newsletter.  

 Email   Enter your email address     
 Subscribe