Please Wait...  

 Toggle navigation          
 Home 
  Committees 
  About | Programme 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Mini-Symposia 
  Topics 
  USB update 
  Proceedings 
  ICWE16 YouTube channel 
  Registration/Visa | Registration 
  Visa 
  General Info | About Florence 
  Conference Useful Info 
  Conference Venue 
  Florence Information 
  Gala Dinner 
  Hotel 
  Tours 
  Ice-breaking 
  Scientific Information 
  Future Congresses 
  Sponsor/Patronage | Confirmed Sponsor 
  Patronage 
  IAS19 
  In Memoriam 
  Contacts 

 Programme  

 The Conference will host Mini-Symposia (MS), Technical Sessions (TS), and Poster Sessions (PS).   
  The Conference is organized along 7 tracks (parallel sessions, either MS or TS); PS will be accommodated as an 8th parallel session during some of the morning TS.   
 Please pay attention to what follows:    
 – Mini-Symposia  : the first session of each Mini-Symposium will start 5 minutes before any other Technical Session, to allow the Organizer(s) to introduce the aims and the contents of the MS, by using 2-3 introductory slides (if wished); for each oral presentation a time slot of 15 minutes (12 minutes for presenting and 3 minutes for discussion) will be assigned   
  – Technical Sessions  : for each oral presentation a time slot of 15 minutes (12 minutes for presenting and 3 minutes for discussion) will be assigned   
  – Poster Sessions  : for each poster, the possibility of a flash oral presentation (no slides, in front of his/her poster) will be assigned along organized poster sessions; each poster will have a time slot of 5 minutes (4 minutes for the flash presentation and 1 minute for discussion). All posters (A0 size, 841 x 1189 mm, vertically arranged) have to be prepared and printed according to the downloadable template.    
 Posters can be hanged either on Sunday, August 27th from 17:30 to 19:30 or on Monday, August 28th from 08:00  and removed within 18:00 of Thursday, August 31st  .  
   Poster board will be marked with the number of poster session + abstract number following the programme order (P01 – abs number). The poster will remain exhibited throughout the Conference duration.   
   
 Please be aware that the schedule is of critical importance for the success of the Conference, allowing participants to move from one parallel session to some other one. Very strict instructions will be given to the Chairpersons who will be strictly respecting the time allowed for presentation and discussion  .    

 General Programme   updated to August 24th, 2023  
 This is the general programme with all information about the congress which has not been printed. In the conference bag a printed pocket programme will be available.  

 Download the General Programme    
    
 Conference Structure   updated to August 24th, 2023  

 Download the Conference Structure    
    
 Programme   updated to August 30th, 2023  

 Download the short  Programme    
 Take a look at the updated extended  programme    
    
 Poster Programme   updated to August 30th, 2023  

 Take a look at the updated extended  programme    
 Download the Poster Template A0 pdf    
 Download the Poster Template A0 ppt    

 ORGANISING COMMITTEE  
 Università degli Studi di Firenze website   
  DICEA – Dept. of Civil and Environmental  
  Engineering website   
 CRIACIV – Interuniversity Research Centre  
  on Building Aerodynamics and Wind  
  Engineering website   
 CONTACTS  
  CONFERENCE CHAIRS  
  Chairman: Prof. Claudio Borri  
  Co-Chairman: Prof. Gianni Bartoli  
  chair@icwe2023.unifi.it   
  Scientific Secretariat / Organizing Committee: org.committee@icwe2023.unifi.it   

 ORGANISING SECRETARIAT  
   
 AIM Italy – Florence office  
  Viale G. Mazzini 70 – 50132 Florence – Italy  
  Phone: +39 055 233881  
  icwe2023@aimgroup.eu   

 AIM Group International - AIM Italy | P.I. 00943621003 - PRIVACY POLICY   | COOKIES POLICY    

 On this website we use cookies to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeating visits. By clicking on "Accept all", you consent to the use of ALL cookies. However, you can visit "Cookie Settings", to provide controlled consent, or reject non-necessary cookies.  
   
  Cookie Settings  Accept All  Reject cookies and continue   
     
 Cookies Policy    
    Chiudi   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Sempre abilitato    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Durata | Descrizione 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 ACCETTA E SALVA    

 Remember to register for IAS19     
 Registration portal is not the same as ICWE16 abstract submission and registration.   
 A different registration is required.    

 ×