Please Wait...  

 Toggle navigation          
 Home 
  Committees 
  About | Programme 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Mini-Symposia 
  Topics 
  USB update 
  Proceedings 
  ICWE16 YouTube channel 
  Registration/Visa | Registration 
  Visa 
  General Info | About Florence 
  Conference Useful Info 
  Conference Venue 
  Florence Information 
  Gala Dinner 
  Hotel 
  Tours 
  Ice-breaking 
  Scientific Information 
  Future Congresses 
  Sponsor/Patronage | Confirmed Sponsor 
  Patronage 
  IAS19 
  In Memoriam 
  Contacts 

 Welcome to ICWE2023, the 16 th  ICWE  
  International Conference on Wind Engineering  

 Welcome to Florence!  

 Florence, August 24th, 2023  
 Dear friends and colleagues of the Wind Engineering community, as academics, professional and corporate officers,  
 Welcome to Florence, Bienvenues à Florence, Willkommen in Florenz, Bienvenidos/as a Florencia !  
 Benvenuti/e a Firenze!    
 After 2 years of intense preparation and having decided to resume the ICWE as a fully on-site conference, ICWE16 is warmly welcoming You back to Europe – namely to the cradle of European Renaissance – in a few weeks from now.  
 We are really excited to announce You that ICWE16 has broken any previous record of attendance in in IAWE Conferences history, having reached 720 registered participants. The conference will be organized in 6 plenary sessions, 8 Minisymposia, 115 technical sessions arranged into 7 tracks each day, 3 poster sessions, accommodating 553 papers and 45 posters.  
  Thank You all for this great demonstration of confidence. You might be sure: we shall not delude Your trust!  
 Florence (with Italy and Europe) will welcome You warmly, not only because of the temperature outside: 14 years after the EACWE (2009) and 12 years after ICWE13 in Amsterdam (2011), together with its University, with ANIV (Italian Association for Wind Engineering) and CRIACIV (Inter-University Research Centre on Building Aerodynamics and Wind Engineering) communities, our city will open its treasures and cultural attractions in order to comfortably host You while attending the 16th International Conference on Wind Engineering.  
 Therefore, we are glad to welcome you in Florence at the downtown Congress Hall,  Palazzo dei Congressi Villa Vittoria  , immediately by side of the S Maria Novella (Central) train station, i.e. in the very heart of the city.  
 We hope you enjoy the Conference and your stay in Florence!  

 Claudio Borri   
  Chairman   

 Gianni Bartoli   
   Co-Chairman   

 CONGRESS PICTURES   

 PROGRAMME     
 In this page you can find all updated conference programmes  

 USEFUL INFORMATION     
 Should you have missed, you can download the conference useful letter sent on August 24th to all registered participants  

 Important Dates  

 Abstract submission closing: | January 31st, 2023 at 12:00 CET 
 Notification of abstract acceptance: | March 31st, 2023 
 Early bird registration fee (closing): | April 27th, 2023  May 8th, 2023 11:00 CEST 
 NEW   Programme inclusion deadline* | May 22nd, 2023  May 29th, 2023 
  
 * This is the ultimate registration and payment deadline for your contribution to be included in the conference programme (either oral or poster presentation).    

 Download the First Announcement & Call for Papers       
  Updated to March 6, 2023  

 The 19th I  nternational A  dvanced S  chool on W  ind E  ngineering ( IAS  19)  
   Florence, September 1 – 2, 2023 –   read more…      

 ORGANISING COMMITTEE  
 Università degli Studi di Firenze website   
  DICEA – Dept. of Civil and Environmental  
  Engineering website   
 CRIACIV – Interuniversity Research Centre  
  on Building Aerodynamics and Wind  
  Engineering website   
 CONTACTS  
  CONFERENCE CHAIRS  
  Chairman: Prof. Claudio Borri  
  Co-Chairman: Prof. Gianni Bartoli  
  chair@icwe2023.unifi.it   
  Scientific Secretariat / Organizing Committee: org.committee@icwe2023.unifi.it   

 ORGANISING SECRETARIAT  
   
 AIM Italy – Florence office  
  Viale G. Mazzini 70 – 50132 Florence – Italy  
  Phone: +39 055 233881  
  icwe2023@aimgroup.eu   

 AIM Group International - AIM Italy | P.I. 00943621003 - PRIVACY POLICY   | COOKIES POLICY    

 On this website we use cookies to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeating visits. By clicking on "Accept all", you consent to the use of ALL cookies. However, you can visit "Cookie Settings", to provide controlled consent, or reject non-necessary cookies.  
   
  Cookie Settings  Accept All  Reject cookies and continue   
     
 Cookies Policy    
    Chiudi   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Sempre abilitato    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Durata | Descrizione 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 ACCETTA E SALVA    

 Remember to register for IAS19     
 Registration portal is not the same as ICWE16 abstract submission and registration.   
 A different registration is required.    

 ×