Home    
 Submit  Full papers  Workshops  Tutorials  Mentoring    
   
 Attend    
   
 Schedule    
   
 Organization    
   
 Contact    

  ICWSM 2025  
 International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media  
 June 23-26, 2025, Copenhagen, Denmark  

 November 22, 2024   
 Deadline  Program    
 Calls for workshops and tutorials published!  
 We are pleased to announce the publication of the calls for workshops and tutorials for ICWSM 2025. Please check the Submit  page for more information.  

 November 20, 2024   
 News    
 We are now on Bluesky! 🦋  
 Please follow us on Bluesky  to stay updated on the latest news and announcements for ICWSM 2025.  

  The International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM) is a forum for researchers from multiple disciplines to come together to share knowledge, discuss ideas, exchange information, and learn about cutting-edge research in diverse fields with the common theme of investigating the interplay of web and society. This overall theme includes research on new perspectives in social theories, as well as computational algorithms for analyzing digital traces of human activities or behaviors in social settings. ICWSM is a singularly fitting venue for research that blends social science and computational approaches to answer important and challenging questions about human social behavior through online traces while advancing computational tools for vast and unstructured data.  
   
  ICWSM, now in its nineteenth year, has become one of the premier venues for computational social science and social computing. Previous years  of ICWSM have featured papers, posters, and demos that draw upon a wide spectrum of disciplines from computational sciences (e.g., network science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, test/data mining natural language processing, image/multimedia processing, human computer interaction) to social sciences (e.g., sociology, communication, political science, anthropology, psychology, economics, digital humanities). Note that papers focusing solely on the advancement of algorithmic components or which use Web data only as an artifact (for instance, in method evaluation) are out of scope. Ideal submissions should speak to research questions of societal relevance.  
   
  We invite original work that utilizes diverse digitally mediated data sources such as web navigation traces, traces from apps, social media traces, data from online platforms such as microblogs (e.g., X/ formerly Twitter), wiki-based knowledge sharing sites (e.g., Wikipedia), online news media (e.g., Huffington Post), forums, mailing lists, newsgroups community media sites (e.g., YouTube, Instagram), Q&A sites (e.g., Quora Stack Overflow), user review sites (e.g., Yelp, Amazon.com), search platforms and social curation sites (e.g., Reddit, Pinterest). Adapting to our continuously evolving field, we are open to new forms of technologically mediated human or society-related data sources (e.g., mobility traces, satellite data) and methods that advance our understanding of society and the influence of the web on it.  
   
  The uniqueness of the venue and the quality of submissions have contributed to a rapidly growing conference, and a competitive acceptance rate of approximately 20 to 30% for full-length research papers published in the proceedings by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)  .  
   
  ICWSM-2025 will be held from June 23 - 26, 2025, in Copenhagen, Denmark.  
   
  Topics include (but are not limited to): Analysis of the relationship between social media and mainstream media 
  Qualitative and quantitative studies of online platforms 
  Subjectivity in textual data; sentiment analysis; polarity/opinion/stance identification and extraction, linguistic analyses of human behavior on the web 
  Information retrieval on online platforms 
  Credibility of online content 
  Measuring predictability of real-world phenomena based on digital trace data, e.g., spanning politics, finance, and health 
  Social network analysis; communities identification; expertise and authority discovery 
  Trust; reputation; recommendation systems 
  Text categorization; topic recognition; demographic/gender/age identification 
  Privacy and security on the web 
  Trend identification and tracking; time series forecasting for web data 
  New web applications; interfaces; interaction techniques 
  Engagement, motivations, incentives, and gamification on the web 
  Social innovation and effecting change through the web 
  Psychological, personality-based, and ethnographic studies of web-based platforms 
  Studies of digital humanities (culture, history, arts) using online traces 
  Internet usage on mobile devices; location, human mobility, and behavior 
  Organizational and group behavior mediated by web technology; interpersonal communication mediated by web and social media 

 Editors In Chief  
    
 Yu-Ru Lin  

 Yelena Mejova  

 Jisun An  

 Steering Committee  
    
 Ingmar Weber  

 Jeff Hancock  

 Kate Starbird  

 Ceren Budak  

 Fred Morstatter  

 Jürgen Pfeffer  

 Yu-Ru Lin  

 Munmun De Choudhury  

 Rumi Chunara  

 Aron Culotta  

 Brooke F. Wells  

 Daniele Quercia  

 Meeyoung Cha  

 Jason Nurse  

 Afra Mashadi  

 Kenny Joseph  

 Ella Haig  

 Jisun An  

 Diyi Yang  

 Yelena Mejova  

 Luca Maria Aiello  

 Tanu Mitra  

 Jahna Otterbacher  

 Miriam Redi  

 Robert West  

 Kiran Garimella  

 Ancsa Hannak  

 Agnes Horvat  

 Daniel Romero  

 Kokil Jaidka  

 Buffalo, U.S.  
 2024  

 Limassol, Cyprus  
 2023  

 Atlanta, Georgia and Online  
 2022  

 Virtual Conference  
 2021  

 Virtual Conference  
 2020  

 Munich, Germany  
 2019  

 Stanford, U.S.  
 2018  

 Montreal, Canada  
 2017  

 Cologne, Germany  
 2016  

 Oxford, U.K.  
 2015  

 Ann Arbor, U.S.  
 2014  

 Boston, U.S.  
 2013  

 Dublin, Ireland  
 2012  

 Barcelona, Spain  
 2011  

 Washington D.C., U.S.  
 2010  

 San Jose, U.S.  
 2009  

 Seattle, U.S.  
 2008  

 Boulder, U.S.  
 2007  

 Email   
 Drop us an email at icwsm@aaai.org    
 For social media and publicity: communications@icwsm.org    

 Twitter   
 Follow us at @icwsm    
 Use hashtag #icwsm    

 Facebook   
 Connect with us at facebook.com/icwsm    

 Instagram   
 Follow our updates on Instagram