Home 
  Submit 
  Attend | Attending ICWSM-23 
  Conference Logistics 
  Code of Conduct 
  Registration 
  Scholarships & Grants 
  Awards 
  Schedule | Workshops Schedule 
  Tutorials Schedule 
  Data Challenge Schedule 
  Accepted Papers 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  About/Contact | Previous ICWSMs 
  Contact 

 The 17th International  
 AAAI Conference  
 on Web and Social Media  
  
   June 5th – 8th 2023  
 Limassol, Cyprus  

  Conference Program   Conference Proceedings   Workshop Proceedings     

  Web Chair Announcement:  Conference Program has been announced. View the schedule by clicking the "Conference Program" button on the ICWSM's website homepage. (May 25, 2023)  
   
  Past Announcements   
 Accepted papers have been announced. A new element has been added at the home page and under the Schedule navigation link. (May 16, 2023) 
  Updates on Accepted Workshops and ICWSM-23 Late Registration Prices. (May 15, 2023) 
  Bronze Sponsors and Adamic-Glance Plenary Talk have been announced. (May 12, 2023) 
  New Keynote Speaker has been announced. PC Members list has been updated. (May 5, 2023) 
  New Call for Papers: Special Section of | JQD:DM | in Collaboration with ICWSM 2024 has been added to the CFP. (April 12, 2023) 
  Information for Attending ICWSM-23, Registration, Scholarships & Grants, and Travel & Conference Logistics have been announced. (March 6, 2023) 
  Workshops, Tutorials and Data Challenge Schedules have been announced. (February 24, 2023) 
  Details about the ICWSM Adamic-Glance Distinguished Young Researcher Award have been announced in the home page. (January 31, 2023) 
  Dataset Paper and Posters & Demos Notification Acceptance dates have been added to the CFP. (January 10, 2023) 
  Detailed Guidelines for Paper Submission of the CFP have been updated. (December 16, 2022) 
  We have recently updated the information under the following website sections: Call For Submissions (Data Challenge Website Announced, AAAI Updated Author Kit information), the Steering and Program Committee Members (SPC & PC) of the ICWSM-2023. (December 13, 2022) 
  We have recently updated the information under the following website sections: Call For Submissions (Dataset Papers, Workshops, Tutorials, Data Challenge) and the Organizing Committee Members of the ICWSM-2023. (November 10, 2022) 

 Accepted Papers have been announced  
 Full Papers, Posters and Dataset Track Posters   
 View the list     

 COVID-19 Safety  
 We are excited to move towards a fully in-person event for our community in 2023! That said, it is our priority to ensure the safety and health of all participants. The organizers are monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic closely and will take measures as needed, including the possibility of enabling those who cannot travel to participate remotely.  
  For inquiries about the ICWSM Code of Conduct  , please contact icwsm23@aaai.org.   

  The International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM) is a forum for researchers from multiple disciplines to come together to share knowledge, discuss ideas, exchange information, and learn about cutting-edge research in diverse fields with the common theme of online social media. This overall theme includes research in new perspectives in social theories, as well as computational algorithms for analyzing social media. ICWSM is a singularly fitting venue for research that blends social science and computational approaches to answer important and challenging questions about human social behavior through social media while advancing computational tools for vast and unstructured data.  
  
  ICWSM, now in its seventeenth year, has become one of the premier venues for computational social science, and previous years of ICWSM  have featured papers, posters, and demos that draw upon network science, machine learning, computational linguistics, sociology, communication, and political science. The uniqueness of the venue and the quality of submissions have contributed to a rapidly growing conference, and a competitive acceptance rate of approximately 20% for full-length research papers published in the proceedings by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)  .  
  
  ICWSM-2023 will be held from June 5th – 8th at the St. Raphael Resort and Marina  in Limassol, Cyprus.  

  Disciplines  
 Computational approaches to social media research including: Natural Language Processing 
  Text / Data Mining 
  Machine Learning 
  Image / Multimedia Processing 
  Graphics and Visualization 
  Distributed Computing 
  Graph Theory and Network Science 
  Human-computer Interaction 
  Social science approaches to social media research including: Psychology 
  Sociology and social network analysis 
  Communication 
  Political Science 
  Economics 
  Anthropology 
  Media Studies and Journalism 
  Digital Humanities 
  Interdisciplinary approaches to social media research combining computational algorithms and social science methodologies 

  Topics Include (But Are Not Limited To)  
 Studies of digital humanities (culture, history, arts) using social media 
  Psychological, personality-based and ethnographic studies of social media 
  Analysis of the relationship between social media and mainstream media 
  Qualitative and quantitative studies of social media 
  Centrality/influence of social media publications and authors 
  Ranking/relevance of social media content and users 
  Credibility of online content 
  Social network analysis; communities identification; expertise and authority discovery 
  Trust; reputation; recommendation systems 
  Human computer interaction; social media tools; navigation and visualization 
  Subjectivity in textual data; sentiment analysis; polarity/opinion identification and extraction, linguistic analyses of social media behavior 
  Text categorization; topic recognition; demographic/gender/age identification 
  Trend identification and tracking; time series forecasting 
  Measuring predictability of real world phenomena based on social media, e.g., spanning politics, finance, and health 
  New social media applications; interfaces; interaction techniques 
  Engagement, motivations, incentives, and gamification. 
  Social innovation and effecting change through social media 
  Social media usage on mobile devices; location, human mobility, and behavior 
  Organizational and group behavior mediated by social media; interpersonal communication mediated by social media 

  Example Data Sources (Web and Social Media)  
 Social networking sites (e.g., Facebook, LinkedIn) 
  Microblogs (e.g., Twitter, Tumblr) 
  Wiki-based knowledge sharing sites (e.g., Wikipedia) 
  Social news sites and websites of news media (e.g., Huffington Post) 
  Forums, mailing lists, newsgroups 
  Community media sites (e.g., YouTube, Flickr, Instagram) 
  Social Q&A sites (e.g., Quora, Yahoo Answers) 
  User reviews (e.g., Yelp, Amazon.com) 
  Social curation sites (e.g., Reddit, Pinterest) 
  Location-based social networks (e.g., Foursquare) 

  ICWSM-2023 Keynotes new   

 The Shortcut - Why Intelligent Machines do not Think Like Us  
 by Nello Cristianini  
  
  Abstract:  The key to address our social anxieties in the face of Intelligent Machines is understanding how they “think”, what we can expect of them, and what can be the consequences of the specific type of intelligence that they exhibit, and the specific position we have chosen for them in our global data infrastructure, particularly web and social media. In order to do that, we will examine the fundamental steps that took us to the present form of AI, in particular the idea of the Shortcut. This will allow us to consider what we can expect from modern AI, and how we can manage our relation with it. (This talk will be based on the book “The Shortcut” by Nello Cristianini  ).  
 Bio:  Nello Cristianini is a Professor of Artificial Intelligence at the University of Bath, and a researcher in many areas of Artificial Intelligence, including machine learning theory, natural language processing, social implications of AI, philosophical foundations of AI, computational social science. He is the author of “The Shortcut” published by CRC Press (2023).  

 Digital Inequality During COVID-19 Lockdowns  
 by Eszter Hargittai  
  
  Abstract:  Rarely is access to information as important as during a global health crisis. During the initial COVID-19 lockdowns, at a time when information could mean the difference between life and death, information inequalities were of paramount significance. Drawing on national survey data collected in the early days of the pandemic in three countries (US, Italy, Switzerland), this talk shares how people’s digital privilege related to their knowledge and misconceptions about the virus with consequences for whether they stayed safe during lockdowns.  
 Bio:  Eszter Hargittai is Professor and holds the Chair of Internet Use and Society at the Institute of Communication and Media Research of the University of Zurich. She is Fellow of the International Communication Association and an External Member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Hargittai's research looks at how people may benefit from or be left behind as a result of their varied digital media skills and uses. Her work has received awards from several professional associations. Her latest book is Connected in Isolation: Digital Privilege in Unsettled Times published by The MIT Press in 2022.  

 Research on Wikipedia Reading and Writing: a Random Walk Adamic-Glance Plenary Talk   
 by Robert West  
  
  Bio:  Robert West is a tenure-track assistant professor of computer science at EPFL (the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Lausanne), where he heads the Data Science Lab (dlab). His research aims to make sense of large amounts of data by developing and applying algorithms and techniques in natural language processing, machine learning, and computational social science. Typically, the data he works with is generated by humans (e.g., natural language or behavioral traces), and frequently it is collected on the Web (e.g., using wikis, online news, social media, server logs, online games). Bob received his PhD in Computer Science from Stanford University (2016), his MSc from McGill University (2010), and his undergraduate degree from Technische Universität München (2007). He is a Wikimedia Foundation Research Fellow, an Associate Editor of ICWSM and EPJ Data Science, and a co-founder of the Wiki Workshop and the Applied Machine Learning Days. His work has won several awards, including best/outstanding paper awards at ICWSM’21, ICWSM’19, and WWW’13, a Google Faculty Research Award, a Facebook Research Award, and the ICWSM’22 Adamic–Glance Distinguished Young Researcher Award.  

 Stay tuned  
 More coming soon...  

 Attending ICWSM-2023 new   

 The 17th International Conference on Web & Social Media will be hosted at the St. Raphael Resort and Marina  in Limassol, Cyprus, from June 5th to June 8th, 2023. Please reserve before May 6, 2023.   
  
  St. Raphael Resort & Marina  
  Amathus Avenue 502  
  4534 Pyrgos, Limassol, CYPRUS   
  
  Click on the link below to book your reservation at the conference special rate:  
  https://book.straphael.com/?checkin=2023-06-01&rooms=1&nights=3&adults=2&bkcode=ICWSM   
  
  Please note that all guestrooms are non-smoking and the group rate is on a bed and breakfast basis. For any other requests or inquiries, please enter this information within the appropriate request boxes during the reservation process or call or email the hotel directly at +357 25 834 200 - reservations@straphael.com   
  
  For those attendees driving to the hotel, free parking is available.  
  
  For more information about the venue, transportation, and conference logistics, click here  .  

 ICWSM Code of Conduct  

 All persons, organizations and entities that attend AAAI conferences and events are subject to the standards of conduct set forth on the AAAI Code of Conduct for Events and Conferences.  AAAI expects all community members to formally endorse this code of conduct, and to actively prevent and discourage any undesired behaviors. Everyone should feel empowered to politely engage when they or others are disrespected, and to raise awareness and understanding of this code of conduct. AAAI event participants asked to stop their unacceptable behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors are also subject to this code of conduct in their participation in AAAI events.  
  
  Additionally, participants are encouraged to be courteous when sharing screen captures and photographs of conference events. Seek permission when possible and respect requests to take down images if those featured ask. Concerns around code of conduct or inclusion may be sent to icwsm23@aaai.org  . If you have any concerns or items to report, please reach out to the General Chair, Jahna Otterbacher.  

 Registration new   

 ICWSM-23 Registration  
  
  We are excited to welcome everyone back to a fully in-person ICWSM this year! It is extremely important to the health and sustainability of our community that we “get back to normal” and resume our annual face-to-face meeting, strengthening our ICWSM community both scientifically and socially. For this reason, all accepted papers to the technical program must be presented by one of its authors in person at the conference.   
 Workshops and Tutorials held in-person will also be streamed virtually. Workshops and Tutorials that are virtual-only will not be available in-person and must be attended virtually. Please contact the respective organizers for any further information.  
 In addition, we will be offering a limited virtual experience via Zoom exclusively for participants from developing countries (please see the list of eligible countries here  ). Participants will be able to follow the ICWSM Technical Program, with the ability to interact via the Zoom chat. Please complete our application form  should you wish to apply for complementary virtual participation.  
 AAAI ICWSM-23 registration site  
 Register at the following link: https://aaaiconf.cventevents.com/event/6c74faca-5593-40eb-be72-e0572e2b7578/summary   
 The ICWSM-23 technical conference registration fee includes admission to the Workshop/Tutorial Day, all technical sessions, and access to the electronic version of the ICWSM-23 Conference Proceedings.   
  
  ICWSM-23 Registration Fees  
 Early Registration Deadline: May 5   passed   
 Standard Registration - Technical Program   
  $625 | now $725 | AAAI Member 
  $360 | now $410 | AAAI Student Member 
  $735 | now $835 | Non-member 
  $420 | now $500 | Non-member Student 
   
  Silver Registration - Technical Program   
  Includes discounted conference registration, plus a one-year online new or renewed membership in AAAI.  $724 | now $824 | Silver Regular 
  $409 | now $459 | Silver Student 

  Workshop / Tutorials  
 ICWSM-23 workshops and tutorials will be held on Monday, June 5th, just prior to the technical conference. Please also note that some sessions may only be offered virtually. Technical registrants may sign up for any combination of workshops and/or tutorials on June 5th as part of their technical registration. For those wishing to attend only the Workshop/Tutorial Day, a Workshop/Tutorial Day Only registration is offered. PARTICIPANTS SHOULD NOT SIGN UP FOR CONCURRENT EVENTS, so please consult the schedule carefully before making your selections.  
 In-Person and Virtual Workshop/Tutorial Day Only:  $75 Regular 
  $50 Student 

  Registration / Proof of Student Status  
 Students will be required to submit proof of student status during the registration process.  
 Refund Requests  
 The deadline for refund requests is May 17, 2023. All refund requests must be made in writing to AAAI at icwsm23@aaai.org  . A $100 processing fee will be assessed for all refunds.  
  
  Visa Information  
 During the registration process, you will be able to request a visa letter. The letter will be automatically generated and available to you along with the registration confirmation.  

 Workshops Schedule  
    
 Full-Day Workshops:  
 Disrupt, Ally, Resist, Embrace (DARE): Action Items for Computational Social Scientists in a Changing World   
 Organizers:  Kokil Jaidka  , Eni Mustafaraj  , David Schoch  , and Kenny Joseph  .  
  
  Images in Online Political Communication (PhoMemes 2023)   
 Organizers:  Cody Buntain  , Erik Bucy  , Keng-Chi Chang  , Jungseock Joo  , Navin Kumar  , and Dhavan Shah  .  

  Half-Day Workshops:  
 Data for the Wellbeing of Most Vulnerable   
 Organizers:  Kyriaki Kalimeri  , Yelena Mejova  , and Daniela Paolotti  .  
  
  Novel Evaluation Approaches for Text Classification Systems (NEATCLasS)   
 Organizers:  Björn Ross  , Roberto Navigli  , Agostina Calabrese  , and Sheikh Muhammad Sarwar  .  
  
  Mediate 2023: News Media and Computational Journalism Workshop   
 Organizers:  Talia Tseriotou  , Dina Pisarevskaya  , Elena Kochkina  , Marya Bazzi  , Maria Liakata  , and Arkaitz Zubiaga  .  
  
  TrueHealth 2023: Combating Health Misinformation for Social Well-being   
 Organizers:  Gabriella Pasi  , Rishabh Upadhyay  , and Marco Viviani  .  

 Tutorials Schedule  

 Prevalence Estimation in Social Media Using Black Box Classifiers  
  
  Abstract:  Many problems in computational social science require estimating the proportion of items with a particular property. This counting task is called prevalence estimation or quantification. Frequently, researchers have a pre-trained classifier available to them. However, it is usually not safe to simply apply the classifier to all items and count the predictions of each class, because the test dataset may differ in important ways from the dataset on which the classifier was trained, a phenomenon called distribution shift. In addition, a second type of distribution shift may occur when one wishes to compare the prevalence between multiple datasets, such as tracking changes over time. To cope with that, some assumptions need to be made about the nature of possible distribution shifts across datasets, a process that we call extrapolation.   
  
  This tutorial will introduce an end-to-end framework for prevalence estimation using black box (pre-trained) classifiers, with a focus on social media datasets. The framework consists of a calibration phase and an extrapolation phase, aiming to address the two types of distribution shifts described above. We will provide hands-on exercises that walk the participants through solving a real world problem of quantifying positive tweets in datasets from two separate time periods. All datasets, pre-trained models, and example codes will be provided in a Jupyter notebook. After attending this tutorial, participants will be able to understand the basics of the prevalence estimation problem in social media, and construct a data analysis pipeline to conduct prevalence estimation for their projects.   
  
  Organizers:  Siqi Wu  , and Paul Resnick   
  
  Computational Approaches to Studying Anti-Social Behaviour in Social Media  
  
  Abstract:  In less than a generation, social media has moved into the center of modern life. It has altered many aspects of our daily lives, from how we form and maintain social relationships to how we discover, access and share information online. However, the same platforms have also given way to troublesome anti-social behaviours such as online trolling, cyberbullying, and expressions of hate speech. In some online communities, what is commonly referred to as ‘anti-social’ may be a communal norm and a way to socialize. However, that is not the case in most online communities where such behaviour may negatively affect the overall group cohesion and may have psychological and emotional consequences for individual social media users.   
  
  This tutorial will demonstrate how to use automated content analysis to detect and study anti-social behaviours in social media. The session will introduce and discuss advantages and disadvantages of two common approaches often used to detect instances of ‘anti-social’ behaviour in online discourse: lexicon-based and machine learning approaches. As part of the hands-on part, the tutorial will introduce Communalytic, a new online research tool for studying online communities. The participants will then use Communalytic to analyze a sample dataset using a toxicity analysis.   
  
  Organizers:  Anatoliy Gruzd  , and Philip Mai   
  
  Collecting and Sharing Twitter Data for Academic Research: A hands-on tutorial using twarc2 and the Social Media Archive at ICPSR (SOMAR)  
  
  Abstract:  This hands-on tutorial will walk participants through the data lifecycle of a social media data research project. Participants will learn how to collect data from Twitter using the twarc2 command line tool, how to share Twitter data using the Social Media Archive at ICPSR, and how to “hydrate” Twitter data shared by other researchers. After completing this tutorial, participants will be able to collect or reuse social media data in their own projects and share that data with others to verify, reproduce, and extend their work.   
  
  Organizers:  Anmol Panda  , Marley Kalt, and Libby Hemphill   
  
  A hitchhiker’s guide to user-centric browsing data  Cancelled   
  
  Abstract:  Digital traces come in two rather different forms, depending on whether they are venue-centric or user-centric. Venue-centric data consists of everything users did on a given site or platform in a given context (e.g. all ‘stop the steal’ tweets published on Twitter over a certain period). User-centric data consists of everything a certain population of users did in a given context (e.g. monitoring data from wearable devices for a set of people who agreed to share their data for a specific research). Venue-centric data typically is massive, anonymous and full of blind spots, when user-centric data typically is more scarce but richer in external knowledge about people involved (social demographics but also possibly complementary survey data) and more thorough (because they are not limited to what people did on a specific platform). The aim of the present tutorial is to introduce researchers to opportunities and challenges associated with using user-centric data for research on web behavior, showing focusing on a specific kind of such data, namely browsing trace data collected via passive metering devices installed on personal mobile and laptops supplemented with extra survey data. We aim at presenting both methods (starting from data cleaning and preprocessing to data analysis and statistical modeling) and potential research questions (in terms of broad social science interests) that are specially relevant to user-centric browsing data.   
  
  Organizers:  Denis Bonnay  , and Juhi Kulshrestha   

 Data Challenge  

 ICWSM-2023 is hosting the fourth ICWSM data challenge with the goal of bringing together researchers to analyze and understand emerging societal issues. The data challenge is a space where researchers can exchange ideas, discuss ongoing work, and foster collaboration, grounded on open data. This year’s data challenge theme is Dynamics of social data: Temporal characteristic of social tasks.   
  
  Visit the ICWSM-2023 Data Challenge Website  for more details.   
  
  Important Dates  
   
 Data Challenge opens: | Feb 15th, 2023 
  Paper Submission Deadline: | April 1, 2023 (AoE) 
  Data Challenge notification: | May 1, 2023 
  ICWSM Data Challenge Full-day Workshop: | June 5, 2023 
   
  Abeer Aldayel, Debora Nozza, and Steve Wilson    
  (ICWSM-2023 Data Challenge Chairs |  data.challenge@icwsm.org   )   

 Scholarships & Grants new   

 ICWSM Scholarships   
 We are pleased to announce the availability of a number of scholarships to help support student attendance at ICWSM-23. These scholarships are made possible through the engagement with, and kind contribution of, AAAI and our company sponsors.  
  
  Student Travel Grant   
 The student travel grant assists student participants both with travel to Limassol, Cyprus, as well as with conference expenses (such as housing, local transportation to/from the airport, conference registration, etc.). Please note that it intends to subsidize student participation in ICWSM-23, but does not intend to cover all travel and conference expenses. The final amount will vary depending on the cost of the travel, the available funds, and the number and type of applicants. The eligibility of this travel grant includes both active student program enrollment and physical presence at ICWSM-23 or any of the associated workshops.  
  
  ICWSM 2023 Student Travel Grant application form (Deadline: March 31): https://aaaiforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1bx9chk0gyonyf/   
  
  Virtual Grant for Underrepresented Groups   
 The virtual grant provides complimentary conference registration for virtual participants who are from underrepresented groups and/or regions. Please find the AAAI list of developing countries here: https://aaai.org/membership/developing-country-list/   
 Note that this virtual grant is not limited to students, it is open to anyone from underrepresented groups (e.g., women, persons with disabilities, etc.) and/or regions (e.g., African countries). There are no conditions for accepting this grant. We only ask that you attend the event and enjoy the sessions. We would, of course, also be happy if you decide to join our ICWSM and Computational Social Science community.  
  
  Virtual Participation application form (Deadline: March 31): https://aaaiforms.wufoo.com/forms/z8zi0t912hoc62/   

 ICWSM Awards  

 ICWSM Adamic-Glance Distinguished Young Researcher Award  
 This annual award is presented to a young researcher who has distinguished themself through innovative research in the area of social computing/computational social science in the early stage of their independent research career. The award is named after Lada Adamic  and Natalie Glance  , two outstanding researchers who have made significant contributions to the International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM) in particular and social computing/computational social science in general. The ICWSM research community at large has greatly impacted this field, through identifying the connections between online digital behaviors and critical societal questions and issues. From misinformation and fake news to how we can use social media and social networks to gain insight into political polarization, mental health, and social movements, the range of topics addressed by the community is continuously expanding. We want to recognize and celebrate the young researchers who are making these contributions today.  
  
  The award was established in 2021, at the 15th anniversary mark of the AAAI ICWSM conference  . Prior winners of the award are Dr. Tanu Mitra  (2021) and Dr. Robert West  (2022).  
  
  Nomination Process and Eligibility  
 Self-nominations, nominations, and letters of support are elicited. ICWSM strongly encourages individuals from underrepresented groups in research (based on gender identity, race, ethnicity, geographical location, etc.) to self-nominate, and urges the wide community to nominate young researchers who have distinguished themselves for their creativity and rigor in identifying and addressing important research topics of societal impact. Nominations are open from February 1st to March 1st 2023. Use this Google Form  for submission.  
  
  Eligibility Criteria  
 The award is open to individuals who:  
  
  Have received their PhD within the past 7 years. Career interruptions and other special circumstances will be considered and should be mentioned in the nomination justification document. 
  Perform research that is recognizably within the broad field of social computing/computational social science in terms of their thematic and methodological approaches. 
  Have published their research in the top venues for social computing or computational social science, including active participation in ICWSM. 
  As long as a candidate is eligible based on the three criteria above, they will be considered even if they were nominated or self-nominated in prior years.  
  
  Selection Process  
 The selection committee consists of three to five members and is appointed by the AAAI ICWSM Steering Committee Chair. The committee solicits self-nominations, nominations, and letters of support from the social computing/computational social science community. The selection is based on the impact of the candidate's work in the field: in identifying significant new problems, creating promising new ideas, paradigms, and tools related to data-driven understanding of human behavior, which may be quantitative or qualitative in nature. Depth and impact are valued over breadth of contribution for this award. A strong regard for considering the ethical aspects of the data/methods used in social computing/computational social science is expected of the research record of the nominees.  
  
  The nomination form  asks the following questions:  
  
  Nominator’s information (name, affiliation, email, a link to their webpage). 
  Nominee’s information (name, affiliation, email, year of PhD, a link to their webpage that contains additional information, for example their CV/resume). 
  A one-page statement explaining why the nominee deserves the award in question, especially highlighting the novelty and strength of their contributions in the area of computational social science / social computing, and providing evidence of their academic and societal impact. A second page can be included to contain information about career interruption or any special considerations. 
  Citations for up to three representative publications and/or links to other artefacts documenting the contribution or impact. 
  Note for letters of support:  The form makes it easy to submit letters of support from people other than the nominators or self-nominators. Such individuals will not need to complete the details of the nomination, they will simply upload their letter.  
  
  Form accessibility:  The nomination form requires Google authentication. If for any reason this is a problem for the nominator, please send the nomination materials via email to: adamic-glance-award@icwsm.org  .  
  
  Conflict of interest:  The awards committee takes conflict of interest seriously. If an nominated individual is a former or current collaborator of one or more of the committee members, such member(s) recuse themselves from evaluating and voting on these nominations.  
  
  2023 Awards Committee  
 Brooke Foucault Welles (Northeastern University) 
  Bernie Hogan (University of Oxford) 
  Eni Mustafaraj (Wellesley College) 
  Jason R.C. Nurse (University of Kent) 
  Tanu Mitra (University of Washington) 
   
  Award recipients will be joining the award selection committee within two years of their award win, to replace members who rotate off the committee.  
   
  Contact the committee: adamic-glance-award@icwsm.org   
  
  Award Ceremony  
 The award will be presented annually during the AAAI ICWSM conference. The awardee will be given the opportunity to give a plenary talk at the next year conference and announce the new recipient. Each recipient will be listed with a citation for their award on the ICWSM Adamic-Glance Distinguished Young Researcher Award web page. Financial support for attending the conference will be provided.  

  Organizing Committee  

 Jahna Otterbacher  
 General Chair  

 Miriam Redi  
 Program Co-Chair  

 Robert West  
 Program Co-Chair  

 Kiran Garimella  
 Program Co-Chair  

 Styliani Kleanthous  
 Workshops Co-Chair  

 Oren Tsur  
 Workshops Co-Chair  

 Minsu Park  
 Workshop Co-Chair  

 Gianluca Demartini  
 Tutorial Co-Chair  

 Dakuo Wang  
 Tutorial Co-Chair  

 Srijan Kumar  
 Tutorial Co-Chair  

 Kokil Jaidka  
 Dataset Co-Chair  

 Michael Sirivianos  
 Dataset Co-Chair  

 Francielle Vargas  
 Dataset Co-Chair  

 Siqi Wu  
 Dataset Co-Chair  

 Abeer Aldayel  
 Data Challenge Co-Chair  

 Steven Wilson  
 Data Challenge Co-Chair  

 Debora Nozza  
 Data Challenge Co-Chair  

 Kyriakos Kyriakou  
 Web Co-Chair  

 Pınar Barlas  
 Web Co-Chair  

 Savvas Zannettou  
 Publicity Co-Chair  

 Tun LU  
 Publicity Co-Chair  

 Kalia Orphanou  
 Local Co-Chair  

 Evgenia Christoforou  
 Local Co-Chair  

 Neil Shah  
 Sponsorship Co-Chair  

 Hemank Lamba  
 Sponsorship Co-Chair  

 Orestis Papakyriakopoulos   
 Diversity & Inclusion Chair  

 Maria Kasinidou  
 Student Scholarship Chair  

 Xiaojuan Ma  
 Global Equity Chair  

  Editors-in-Chief  

 Yu-Ru Lin  

 Daniele Quercia  

 Meeyoung Cha  

  Steering Committee  

 Ingmar Weber  

 Jeff Hancock  

 Kate Starbird  

 Ceren Budak  

 Fred Morstatter  

 Jürgen Pfeffer  

 Yu-Ru Lin  

 Munmun De Choudhury  

 Rumi Chunara  

 Aron Culotta  

 Brooke F. Wells  

 Daniele Quercia  

 Meeyoung Cha  

 Jason Nurse  

 Afra Mashhadi  

 Kenny Joseph  

 Ella Haig  

 Diyi Yang  

 Yelena Mejova  

 Jisun An  

 Luca Maria Aiello  

 Tanu Mitra  

  Program Committees  

  Senior Program Commitee   

  Pablo Aragon  
  Siqi Wu  
  Andreas Spitz  
  Jeremy Blackburn  
  Savvas Zannettou  
  Arkaitz Zubiaga  
  Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia  
  Kokil Jaidka  
  Michele Coscia  
  Aron Culotta  
  Martin Saveski  
  Renaud Lambiotte  
  Sarita Schoenebeck  
  Sanja Scepanovic  
    
 Walid Magdy  
  Tyler Derr  
  Hemant Purohit  
  Tim Althoff  
  Gianmarco De Francisci Morales  
  Kenneth Joseph  
  Xing Xie  
  Oren Tsur  
  Ingmar Weber  
  Emre Kiciman  
  Tim Weninger  
  Haewoon Kwak  
  Luca Rossi  
  Afra Mashhadi  
    
 Koustuv Saha  
  Emma Spiro  
  Hemank Lamba  
  Daniel Romero  
  Juhi Kulshrestha  
  Palakorn Achananuparp  
  Subhayan Mukerjee  
  Cody Buntain  
  Mainack Mondal  
  Soroush Vosoughi  
  Rossano Schifanella  
  Shaomei Wu  
  Jisun An  

  Program Commitee   

  Abeer ALDayel  
  Abhishek Ray  
  Aiping Xiong  
  Akshith Ullal  
  Aleksandra Urman  
  Alexander Liu  
  Alexandre Bovet  
  Alexandros Efstratiou  
  Alexey Malyshev  
  Alexi Quintana Mathe  
  Allison Morgan  
  Amanda Hughes  
  Amir Karami  
  Andres Abeliuk  
  Andrew Beers  
  Anjalie Field  
  Anmol Panda  
  Antonis Papasavva  
  Arshia Arya  
  Ashish Sharma  
  Barry Bradlyn  
  Bing He  
  Brianna Dym  
  Byoungjip Kim  
  Carlos Toxtli  
  Changtao Zhong  
  Charalampos Chelmis  
  Chen Wang  
  Chiara Boldrini  
  Chiyu Zhang  
  Cristina Menghini  
  David Corney  
  David Holtz  
  Deepak Kumar  
  Desheng Hu  
  Despoina Chatzakou  
  Diego Saez-Trumper  
  Dominik Baer  
  Dong Nguyen  
    
 Ehsan-Ul Haq  
  Ellen Simpson  
  Emily Tseng  
  Farshad Kooti  
  Faysal Hossain Shezan  
  Flavio Figueiredo  
  Francesco Pierri  
  Galen Weld  
  Gareth Tyson  
  Gaurav Verma  
  Gianluca Stringhini  
  Hamidreza Alvari  
  Hans Hanley  
  Ihab AbuHilal  
  Indira Sen  
  Isaac Johnson  
  Jacob Thebault-Spieker  
  Jalehsadat Mahdavimoghaddam  
  Jamie Mahoney  
  Joel Nishimura  
  Joobin Gharibshah  
  Joshua Uyheng  
  Julie Jiang  
  Kai-Cheng Yang  
  Kareem Darwish  
  Kaylea Champion  
  Keiichi Ochiai  
  Keith Burghardt  
  Kristen Engel  
  Kristina Gligoric  
  Kunihiro Miyazaki  
  Laura Dilley  
  lele sha  
  Li Qiwei  
  Lingzi Hong  
  Lisa Friedland  
  Lisette Espin Noboa  
  Luc Rocher  
  Lucas Oliveira  
    
 Manas Gaur  
  Manoel Horta Ribeiro  
  Marco Brambilla  
  Marco Viviani  
  Maria Antoniak  
  Marianne Aubin Le  
  Mark Whiting  
  Matthew Facciani  
  Matthew Mauriello  
  Michael Sirivianos  
  Mikey Cohen  
  Minje Choi  
  Mirco Schoenfeld  
  Mirko Marras  
  Morgan Frank  
  Neil Johnson  
  Nicholas Vincent  
  Noveen Sachdeva  
  Orestis Papakyriakopoulos  
  Patrick Gildersleve  
  Pedro Vaz-de-Melo  
  Ponnurangam Kumaraguru  
  Priyanka Sinha  
  Qiwei Han  
  Rahul Singh  
  Raiyan Abdul Baten  
  Rakibul Hasan  
  Régis Ebeling  
  Reid Priedhorsky  
  Rishabh Misra  
  Ryota Kobayashi  
  Sabirat Rubya  
  Sagar Joglekar  
  Saket Gurukar  
  Sameera Horawalavithana  
  Sanjana Mendu  
  Satrio Yudhoatmojo  
  Shangbang Long  
  Shangbin Feng  
    
 Sharath Chandra Guntuku  
  Sho Tsugawa  
  Shreyansh Bhatt  
  Sohyeon Hwang  
  Song Jiang  
  Stefan Feuerriegel  
  Stevie Chancellor  
  Suhang Wang  
  Teng Ye  
  Thomas Davidson  
  Tiziano Piccardi  
  Tomu Tominaga  
  Tuğrulcan Elmas  
  Tuan-Anh Hoang  
  Tunazzina Islam  
  Usman Naseem  
  Veniamin Veselovsky  
  Vibhor Agarwal  
  Viktor Pekar  
  Vipul Raheja  
  Weizhi Meng  
  Wenqi Wei  
  Xingzhi Guo  
  Yelena Mejova  
  Yichen Wang  
  Yifang Ma  
  Yilei Zeng  
  Yiming Liao  
  Yingjie Li  
  Yonas Mitike Kassa  
  Youssef Al Hariri  
  Yu Tian  
  Yunhe Feng  
  Yuying Zhao  
  Zhengxiong Li  
  Zhijun Yin  
  Zhuoran Lu  
  Zijian Wang  

   Previous ICWSMs  

  Boulder, U.S. (2007)  

  Seattle, U.S. (2008)  

  San Jose, U.S. (2009)  

  Washington D.C., U.S. (2010)  

  Barcelona, Spain (2011)  

  Dublin, Ireland (2012)  

  Boston, U.S. (2013)  

  Ann Arbor, U.S. (2014)  

  Oxford, U.K. (2015)  

  Cologne, Germany (2016)  

  Montreal, Canada (2017)  

  Stanford, U.S. (2018)  

  Munich, Germany (2019)  

  Virtual Conference (2020)  

  Virtual Conference (2021)  

  Atlanta, Georgia and Online (2022)  

   Top ICWSM papers by citation (Google Scholar h5)   
  AAAI Digital Library   

  Contact Us  

 Email  
 Drop us an email at icwsm23@aaai.org  . For anything particularly related to social media and publicity, contact us at communications@icwsm.org  .  

 Twitter  
 You can just send a message to @icwsm,  if you're talking about ICWSM include the hashtag #icwsm  so we can track all the chatter.  

 Facebook  
 We're at facebook.com/icwsm  .  

 Instagram  
 Stay updated with our Instagram  feed.  

 Silver Sponsors  

  Bronze Sponsors  

 Navigation Links  
  Home 
  Submit 
  Attend 
  Organization 
    
 Sponsorship 
  Previous ICWSMs 
  Contact 

  Tweets by icwsm    

 Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved | This template is made with  by Colorlib   
  Modified by Kyriakos Kyriakou  to meet the conference needs and branding identity of the ICWSM 2023.  
  Icons made by Yannick  , Gregor Cresnar  , Freepik  , Pixel perfect  from www.flaticon.com  messages.attribution.is_licensed_by CC 3.0 BY