Skip to content      
   
 Submission | Why submit to IDA? 
  Regular paper track 
  PhD forum 
  Organization | Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  Program | Full Program 
  Invited Speakers | Francesco Bonchi 
  Sarah Cohen-Boulakia 
  Barbara Hammer 
  Gaël Varoquaux 
  PhD Forum 
  Social Program 
  Attending | Registration 
  Venue & Travel 

 Search for:        

 Submission | Why submit to IDA? 
  Regular paper track 
  PhD forum 
  Organization | Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  Program | Full Program 
  Invited Speakers | Francesco Bonchi 
  Sarah Cohen-Boulakia 
  Barbara Hammer 
  Gaël Varoquaux 
  PhD Forum 
  Social Program 
  Attending | Registration 
  Venue & Travel 

 Search for:        

 Registration  
  
 Registration is done by going to our registration website  .  
 Please note that registration is done in a two step process:  
 a first step in which you provide detailed information about your registration; 
  a second step in which the payment is done. 
  It is possible to execute the second step at a later moment than the first step.  
 Payment using credit cards can be done at a later moment by clicking on this link  .  
 Instructions for payments using bank transfer are given at the bottom of this page.  
 Note that your registration will only be final after we have received your payment!  
 IDA aims at being an accessible symposium by keeping the registration fees low. Moreover, it traditionally encourages students to participate in the symposium and therefore offers special students rates.  
  
 Registration Fees | Early (before March 25, 2023) | Late (from March 25, 2023) 
 Student rate* | EUR 230 | EUR 330 
 Academic rate** | EUR 400 | EUR 500 
 Industry rate | EUR 500 | EUR 600 
  
 Note: the early registration deadline has been extended from March 18 to March 25!   
 Registration is only possible through this website.  
  Registration is non-refundable under any circumstances.  
  Registration fees are to be paid in euros.  
  Please indicate special requirements w.r.t. food and mobility during the registration process.  
 Formal invitation letters to the symposium will be sent only to people whose work has been accepted for presentation at the conference, and only on explicit request.  
 * To be eligible for the strongly reduced student rate, students (BSc / MSc / PhD) need to provide a link towards an institutional website that clearly mentions them as students; if you are not mentioned on such a website, please send proof of being a student in PDF format to the General chair  .  
 ** During the registration process, please provide a link to your official academic (university, research institute) home page.  
 The registration fees include:  
 all sessions 
  coffee breaks 
  lunches 
  social events: opening reception and banquet dinner 
  Instructions for payments using bank transfer   
 We strongly urge you not to pay by bank transfer as this requires a time-consuming manual intervention by our staff. If by any means possible, please, please, pay by credit card.  
 However, if you really need to pay by bank transfer, these bank transfers should follow the instructions below strictly.  
 A separate transfer should be executed for each registration, where each payment should be structured as follows:  
 Bank account IBAN: BE11.3100.9590.0148  
  Bank account SWIFT: BBRUBEBB  
  Bank name: Belfius  
  Bank address: Boulevard Pachéco 4; 1000 Bruxelles, Belgium  
  Bank account owner: Université catholique de Louvain  
  Bank account owner’s address: Place de l’Université 1; 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium  
  VAT (if applicable): BE 0419 052 272  
 Reference: L1.31403.009 IDA 2023 Firstname Lastname  
 Here Firstname corresponds to the first name and Lastname corresponds to the last name of the person who is registering.  
 All bank fees and money transfer costs must be paid by the transmitter.  
 Moreover, send a mail to ida-2023@uclouvain.be with the following information:  
 a proof of payment 
  whether or not your payment is subject to VAT: in that case indicate your VAT number in your mail 
  whether or not you need an invoice: in that case indicate the address that should be put on the invoice. 

 Contact  
 General chair   

 Social   
 Facebook 
  Twitter 

 © 2024 Symposium on Intelligent Data Analysis (IDA 2023). Proudly powered by Sydney