Skip to main content  Loading...    

 Search       
 Facebook    
 Twitter    
 LinkedIn    

 Mobile menu expand icon   Menu    Close    Products | Catalog 
  Books 
  Journals 
  LD Connect 
  Services | Authors 
  Librarians 
  Reviewers 
  Policies 
  Initiatives | Open Science 
  Sustainability 
  Partnerships 
  R&D 
  Labs 
  About | Company Story 
  Core Values 
  Memberships 
  News 
  Contact 

 Breadcrumb  
 Home 
  Catalog 
  Journals 
  Intelligent Data Analysis 

  Call for papers for a Special Issue:   Convergence of Federated Learning for Big Data Analytics in High-Performance 6G Networks   (  submission deadline: December 25, 2023    )   

 Intelligent Data Analysis   

 An International Journal   

 Impact Factor  
 2024   
   
 0.9   
   
 CiteScore  
 2024   
   
 2.2   

 Volume  
 28, 6 issues   
   
 Latest issue  
 28:6 online 15 November 2024   
   
 Next issue  
 29:1 scheduled for January 2025   
   
 Back volumes  
 From volume 1, 1997   
   
 ISSN print  
 1088-467X   
   
 ISSN online  
 1571-4128   

 Subjects  
 Data Science,    
 Computer Sciences, Mathematics & Statistics,    
 Computer Sciences,    
 Artificial Intelligence    

 View Content    
   
 Info about pricing    
 Recommend this title to librarian    
 Sign up for news    

 Aims & Scope 
  Editorial Board 
  Author Guidelines 
  Abstracted/Indexed in 
  Open Access 
  Aims & Scope  
 Intelligent Data Analysis  provides a forum for the examination of issues related to the research and applications of Artificial Intelligence techniques in data analysis across a variety of disciplines. These techniques include (but are not limited to): all areas of data visualization, data pre-processing (fusion, editing, transformation, filtering, sampling), data engineering, database mining techniques, tools and applications, use of domain knowledge in data analysis, big data applications, evolutionary algorithms, machine learning, neural nets, fuzzy logic, statistical pattern recognition, knowledge filtering, and post-processing. In particular, papers are preferred that discuss the development of new AI-related data analysis architectures, methodologies, and techniques and their applications to various domains.  
 Papers published in this journal are geared heavily towards applications, with an anticipated split of 70% of the papers published being applications-oriented, research and the remaining 30% containing more theoretical research. Manuscripts should be submitted in PDF format only. Please prepare your manuscripts in single-space, and include figures and tables in the body of the text where they are referred to. For all enquiries regarding the submission of your manuscript please contact the IDA journal editor: editor1@ida-ij.com   

 Editorial Board  
 Editor-in-Chief  
 JM. Peña  
  Lurtis Ltd, Oxford  
  Wood Centre for Innovation Stansfeld Park, Quarry Rd  
  PO Box 1658, Oxford  
  Oxfordshire, OX4 9PW, United Kingdom  
 Center for Computer Simulation  
  Technical University of Madrid  
  Campus de Montegancedo / Scientific and Technological Park  
  N/N Montepríncipe Avenue  
  28660 Boadilla del Monte, Madrid, Spain  
  Email: jmpena@ida-ij.com   
 Founding Editor  
 A. Famili  
  1696 Des Sapins Gardens  
  Ottawa, ON K1C8E3  
  Canada  
 Editorial Board  
 Rina Azulay  
  Computer Science Department  
  Jerusalem College of Technology, Israel  
 Muthu Bala Anand  
  INTI International University, Malaysia  
  Department of Computer Science & Engineering,  
  Tagore Institute of Engineering and Technology, Attur, India  
 Márcio P. Basgalupp  
  Institute of Science and Technology, Federal University of Sao Paulo  
  Sao Paulo, Brazil  
 Elena Bellodi  
  Department of Engineering  
  University of Ferrara, Ferrara, Italy  
 Petr Berka  
  Department of Information and Knowledge Engineering, University of Economics  
  Prague, Czech Republic  
 Carmen Camara  
  Computer Science Department, Carlos III University of Madrid  
  Madrid, Spain  
 Juana Canul-Reich  
  División Académica de Ciencias y Tecnologías de la Información (DACyTI)  
  Universidad Juarez Autonoma de Tabasco  
  Villahermosa, Mexico  
 Mu-Yen Chen  
  Department of Engineering Science, National Cheng Kung University  
  Tainan, Taiwan  
 Lin Chi  
  Institute of Intelligent System, School of Software  
  Dalian University of Technology, Dalian, China  
 Boris Cule  
  Department of Cognitive Science and Artificial Intelligence, Tilburg University  
  Tilburg, the Netherlands  
 Tiziana D'Alessandro  
  Artificial Intelligence and Data Analysis Laboratory  
  Università degli Studi di Cassino e del Lazio Meridionale, Italy  
 Sujata Dash  
  Department of Information Technology, Nagaland University  
  Lumami, India  
 Wouter Duivesteijn  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Technische Universiteit Eindhoven  
  Eindhoven, Netherlands  
 Ad Feelders  
  Institute of Information & Computing Sciences, University of Utrecht  
  Utrecht, The Netherlands  
 Carlos Fernandez  
  Department of Computer Science and Information Technologies, University of A Coruña,  
  A Coruña, Spain  
 Benoît Frenay  
  Faculty of Computer Science / HuMaLearn / NaDI, Université de Namur  
  Namur, Belgium  
 Joao Gama  
  Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science Laboratory, University of Porto  
  Porto, Portugal  
 Luís Paulo F. Garcia  
  Department of Computer Science  
  University of Brasilia, Brasilia, Brazil  
 Jelena Graovac  
  Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade  
  Belgrade, Serbia  
 Dan Guo  
  School of Computer Science and Information Engineering / School of Artificial Intelligence Hefei University of Technology  
  China  
 Achim G. Hoffmann  
  School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of South Wales  
  Sydney, NSW, Australia  
 Tamás Horváth  
  School of Computing Engineering and the Built Environment  
  Edinburgh Napier University, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK  
  Institute of Computer Science  
  Pavol Jozef Šafárik University, Košice, Slovakia.  
 Tzung-Pei Hong  
  Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National University of Kaohsiung  
  Kaohsiung, Taiwan  
 Enrique de la Hoz  
  Industrial Engineering Department, Universidad del Magdalena  
  Santa Marta, Colombia  
 Jinpeng Hu  
  School of Computer Science and Information Engineering  
  Hefei University of Technology  
  China  
 Juhua Hu  
  School of Engineering and Technology, University of Washington  
  Tacoma, WA, USA  
 Chien-Feng Huang  
  Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National University of Kaohsiung  
  Kaohsiung, Taiwan  
 Ivan Izonin  
  Department of Artificial Intelligence, Lviv Polytechnic National University  
  Lviv, Ukraine  
 Eric Jiang  
  Shiley-Marcos School of Engineering, University of San Diego  
  San Diego, CA, USA  
 Brian Keith N.  
  Department of Systems and Computer Engineering, Catholic University of the North  
  Antofagasta, Chile  
 Sung-Ho Kim  
  Division of Applied Mathematics, KAIST  
  Daejeon, South Korea  
 Frank Klawon  
  Department of Computer Science, Ostfalia University of Applied Sciences  
  Wolfenbuettel, Germany  
 Irena Koprinska  
  School of Computer Science, The University of Sydney  
  Camperdown, NSW, Australia  
 Viacheslav Kovtun  
  Department of Computer Control Systems, Vinnytsia National Technical University  
  Vinnytsia, Ukraine  
 Iurii Krak  
  Theoretical Cybernetics Department, Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv  
  Kyiv, Ukraine  
 Georg Krempl  
  Department of Information and Computing Sciences, Utrecht University  
  Utrecht, Netherlands  
 Ajay Kumar  
  Department of Information Technology, KIET Group of Institutions  
  Ghaziabad, India  
 Jerry Chun-Wei Lin  
  Department of Computing, Mathematics, and Physics, Western Norway University of Applied Sciences (HVL)  
  Bergen, Norway  
 Mingwei Lin  
  College of Computer and Cyber Security  
  Fujian Normal University, Fuzhou, China  
 Yingzi Lin  
  College of Engineering, Northeastern University  
  Boston, MA, USA  
 Shuai Liu  
  College of Information Science and Engineering  
  Hunan Normal University, Changsha, China  
 Xin Liu  
  Artificial Intelligence Research Center  
  National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) Tokyo, Japan  
 Haris M. Khalid  
  College of Engineering and Information Technology  
  University of Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates  
 Priyan Malarvizhi Kumar  
  Department of Information Science, University of North Texas  
  Texas, USA  
 Andres Masegosa  
  Department of Computer Science, Aalborg University  
  Aalborg, Denmark  
 Engelbert Mephu Nguifo  
  Computer Science Institute - LIMOS  
  Université Clermont Auvergne  
  Aubiere, France  
 Ioanna Miliou  
  Department of Computer and System Sciences  
  Stockholm University, Sweden  
 Pedro Lind  
  Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Technology, Art and Design, OSLOMET  
  Oslo, Norway  
 Gokul Prabhakar  
  Financial Services, Global Technology  
  Somerset, NJ, USA  
 Rita Ribeiro  
  Department of Computer Science, University of Porto & INESC TEC  
  Porto, Portugal  
 Fabrizio Riguzzi  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Ferrara  
  Ferrara, Italy  
 Jose Ruiz Shulcloper  
  Advanced Technologies Application Center (CENATAV)  
  University of Informatics Sciences, Cuba  
 Aceng Sambas  
  Department of Mechanical Engineering  
  Universitas Muhammadiyah Tasikmalaya  
  Tasikmalaya, Indonesia  
 Alon Schclar  
  School of Computer Science, The Academic College of Tel-Aviv-Yaffo,  
  Tel Aviv, Israel  
 CB Sivaparthipan  
  Department of Computer Science, Tagore Institute of Engineering and Technology  
  Tamil Nadu, India  
 Leo Soheily Khah  
  LiveRamp  
  Paris, France  
 Farhad Soleimanian Gharehchopogh  
  Department of Computer Engineering, Islamic Azad University  
  Tehran, Iran  
 Myra Spiliopoulou  
  Knowledge Management & Discovery Lab, Faculty of Computer Science Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg  
  Magdeburg, Germany  
 Gautam Srivastava  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Brandon University  
  Brandon, Canada  
 Einoshin Suzuki  
  Faculty of Information Science and Electrical Engineering, Kyushu University  
  Fukuoka, Japan  
 Marcin Szczuka  
  Institute of Mathematics, University of Warsaw  
  Warsaw, Poland  
 Chunwei Tian  
  School of Software, Northwestern Polytechnical University  
  Xi'an, China  
 Bhekisipho Twala  
  Artificial Intelligence & Data Science, Tshwane University of Technology  
  Republic of South Africa  
 Yishi Wang  
  Retiring  
  Cheersa  
  Chema  
 Guiwu Wei  
  School of Business, Sichuan Normal University  
  Chengdu, China  
 De-Nian Yang  
  Institute of Information Science, Academia Sinica  
  New Taipei, Taiwan  
 Mingxin Yu  
  School of Instrument Science and Opto-Electronics Engineering, Beijing Information Science and Technology University  
  Beijing, China  
 Shuhan Yuan  
  Computer Science Department, Utah State University  
  Logan, UT, USA  
 De-Chuan Zhan  
  National Key Laboratory for Novel Software Technology, Nanjing University  
  Nanjing, China  
 Min-Ling Zhang  
  School of Computer Science and Engineering, Southeast University  
  Nanjing, China  
 Xiaoli Zhang  
  Key Laboratory of Symbolic Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education Jilin University  
  Changchun, China  

 Author Guidelines  
 SUBMISSION OF MANUSCRIPT   
 By submitting my article to this journal, I agree to the Author Copyright Agreement  , the IOS Press Ethics Policy  , and the IOS Press Privacy Policy  .  
 Authors are requested to submit their manuscript electronically to the journal's editorial management system  .  
 Authors are encouraged to use the IDA LaTeX style file  and to follow the formatting rules explained in more detail below. MsWord users can prepare their paper as an unformatted double-spaced manuscript. When an article is accepted for publication the publisher will ensure that the article is typeset according to the journal style.  
 Intelligent Data Analysis  invites the submission of research and application articles that comply with the aims and scope of the journal. In particular, articles that discuss development of new AI architectures, methodologies, and techniques and their applications to the field of data analysis are preferred. Manuscripts should be submitted in *.pdf format only. Please prepare your manuscripts in single-space, and include figures and tables in the body of the text where they are referred to. Manuscripts are received with the understanding that their content is unpublished material and is not being submitted for publication elsewhere. Further, it is understood that each co-author has made substantial contributions to the work described and that each accepts joint responsibility for publication.  
 Open access option    
  The  IOS Press Open Library   offers authors an open access option. By selecting the open access option, the article will be freely available from the moment it is published, also in the pre-press module. In the Open Library the article processing charges are paid in the form of an open access fee. Authors will receive an order form upon acceptance of their article. Open access is entirely optional.   
 Publication types and fees    
 When an article is accepted for publication, authors are required to pay a publication fee that depends on the publication type:   
 Subscription-based publication (restricted access): | US$450 / €450 | . 
  Open Access option (CC BY-NC 4.0): | US$1500 / €1500 | . 
  Open Access option without the Non-Commercial clause (CC BY 4.0): | US$2150/€2150. 
  Page charges do not apply to feature articles.   
 Waivers are available for corresponding authors from low-income countries as identified by the Hinari Project. A waiver request for the publication fee should be submitted before the initial submission of an article.  
 Required files   
  After the article has been accepted, the authors should submit the final version as source files, including a word processor file of the text, such as Word or LateX (If using LaTeX, please use the standard article.sty as a style file and also send a PDF version of the LaTeX file).  
 Colour figures   
  It is possible to have figures printed in colour, provided the cost of their reproduction is paid for by the author. See Preparation of Manuscripts for the required file formats.  
 PREPARATION OF MANUSCRIPTS   
 Organization of the paper and style of presentation   
  Manuscripts must be written in English. Authors whose native language is not English are advised to consult a professional English language editing service or a native English speaker prior to submission.  
 Manuscripts should be prepared with wide margins and double (single) spacing throughout, including the abstract, footnotes and references. Manuscripts should be submitted in *.pdf format only. Every page of the manuscript, including the title page, references, tables, etc., should be numbered. However, in the text no reference should be made to page numbers; if necessary, one may refer to sections. Try to avoid the excessive use of italics and bold face.  
 Manuscripts should be organized in the following order:  
 Title page  
 Body of text (divided by subheadings) + Tables, Figures and Figure captions  
 Acknowledgements  
 References  
 Headings and subheadings should be numbered and typed on a separate line, without indentation.  
 SI units should be used, i.e., the units based on the metre, kilogramme, second, etc.  
 Title page   
  The title page should provide the following information:  
 Title (should be clear, descriptive and not too long)  
 Name(s) of author(s); please indicate who is the corresponding author  
 Full affiliation(s)  
 Present address of author(s), if different from affiliation  
 Complete address of corresponding author, including tel. no., fax no. and e-mail address  
 Abstract; should be clear, descriptive, self-explanatory and not longer than 200 words, it should also be suitable for publication in abstracting services  
 Keywords  
 Tables   
 Figures and Tables  
 Number as Table 1, Table 2 etc, and refer to all of them in the text.  
 Figures and Tables should be included in the text in the exact location where they are referred to.  
 Each table should have a brief and self-explanatory title.  
 Column headings should be brief, but sufficiently explanatory. Standard abbreviations of units of measurement should be added between parentheses.  
 Vertical lines should not be used to separate columns. Leave some extra space between the columns instead.  
 Any explanations essential to the understanding of the table should be given in footnotes at the bottom of the table.  
 REFERENCES   
 Place citations as numbers in square brackets in the text. All publications cited in the text should be presented in an alphabetical list of references at the end of the manuscript in the following style:  
 [1] B. Newman and E.T. Liu, Perspective on BRCA1, Breast Disease  10  (1998), 3-10.  
  [2] D.F. Pilkey, Happy conservation laws, in: Neural Stresses  , J. Frost, ed., Controlled Press, Georgia, 1995, pp. 332-391.  
  [3] E. Wilson, Active vibration analysis of thin-walled beam  s, Ph.D. Dissertation, University of Virginia, 1991.  
 Footnotes   
  Footnotes should only be used if absolutely essential. In most cases it is possible to incorporate the information in the text.  
 If used, they should be numbered in the text, indicated by superscript numbers and kept as short as possible. 
  Figures   
 Number figures as Fig. 1, Fig. 2, etc and refer to all of them in the text.  
 Each figure should be provided on a separate sheet. Figures should not be included in the text.  
 Colour figures can be included, provided the cost of their reproduction is paid for by the author.  
 For the file formats of the figures please take the following into account:  
 Line art should be have a minimum resolution of 600 dpi, save as EPS or TIFF  
 Grayscales (incl photos) should have a minimum resolution of 300 dpi (no lettering), or 500 dpi (when there is lettering); save as tiff  
 Do not save figures as JPEG, this format may lose information in the process  
 Do not use figures taken from the Internet, the resolution will be too low for printing  
 Do not use colour in your figures if they are to be printed in black & white, as this will reduce the print quality (note that in software often the default is colour, you should change the settings)  
 For figures that should be printed in colour, please send a CMYK encoded EPS or TIFF  
 Figures should be designed with the format of the page of the journal in mind. They should be of such a size as to allow a reduction of 50%.  
 On maps and other figures where a scale is needed, use bar scales rather than numerical ones, i.e., do not use scales of the type 1:10,000. This avoids problems if the figures need to be reduced.  
 Each figure should have a self-explanatory caption. The captions to all figures should be typed on a separate sheet of the manuscript.  
 Photographs are only acceptable if they have good contrast and intensity.  
 COPYRIGHT   
 Copyright of your article   
  Authors submitting a manuscript do so on the understanding that they have read and agreed to the terms of the IOS Press Author Copyright Agreement  .  
 Article sharing   
  IOS Press adopted Sage’s Article Sharing Policy from 8 th  of July 2024.  
  Please go to: Sage’s Author Archiving and Re-Use Guidelines | SAGE Publications Ltd  for details. If your manuscript was submitted prior to 8 th  of July 2024, please contact editorial@iospress.nl  with details of your enquiry.  
 PROOFS   
 The corresponding author will receive a PDF proof and is asked to check this proof carefully (the publisher will execute a cursory check only). Corrections other than printer's errors, however, should be avoided. Costs arising from such corrections will be charged to the authors.  
 PRE-PRESS   
  The corrected proofs are published online in the journal's pre-press module and the article is fully citable by using its DOI number. This is not the final version. When the article is published in an issue, the final, updated version replaces the pre-press version.  
 PURCHASES   
 How to order reprints, a PDF file, journals, or IOS Press books   
  The corresponding author of a contribution to the journal will receive a complimentary PDF Author’s Copy of the article, unless otherwise stated. This PDF copy is watermarked and for personal use only. A free PDF copy will not be provided for conference proceedings and abstract issues. An order form for a PDF file without watermark, reprints or additional journal copies will be provided along with the PDF proof.  
 If you wish to order reprints of an earlier published article, please contact the publisher for a quotation. IOS Press, Fax: +31 20 687 0019. Email: editorial@iospress.nl  .  
 An author is entitled to 25% discount on IOS Press books. See Author's discount (25%) on all IOS Press book publications  .  
 KUDOS   
 Authors of published articles (non-prepress, final articles) will be contacted by Kudos  . Kudos is a service that helps researchers maximize the impact and visibility of their research. It allows authors to enrich their articles with lay metadata, add links to related materials and promote their articles through the Kudos system to a wider public. Authors will receive no more than three emails: one invitation and a maximum of two reminders to register for the service and link the published article to their profile. Using and registering for Kudos remains entirely optional. For more information, please have a look at our authors section  .  
 HOW TO PROMOTE YOUR WORK   
 Would you like some pointers on how to help your research achieve a wider reach and greater impact? Please consult our Promotional Toolkit for Authors  for tips.  
 Please visit the  IOS Press Authors page   for further information.   

 Abstracted/Indexed in  
 Academic Search   
  ACM Digital Library   
  Business Source Complete   
  Cabell's Guide or Directory   
  Cambridge Scientific Abstracts   
  Compendex   
  CSA Illumina   
  DBLP Bibliography Server   
  EBSCO Databases   
  EBSCO Engineering Collection   
  Inspec IET   
  International Security & Counter-Terrorism Reference Center   
  io-port   
  PsycINFO   
  Science & Technology Collection   
  SciVerse Scopus   
  Ulrich's Periodicals Directory   
  Web of Science: Current Contents®/Engineering, Computing, and Technology   
  Web of Science: Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition   
  Web of Science: Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch®)   

 Open Access  
 By default, articles published in Intelligent Data Analysis  are available only to institutions and individuals with access rights. However, the journal offers all authors the option to purchase open access publication for their article as part of the IOS Press Open Library  . This means that the final published version will be freely available to anyone worldwide, indefinitely, under a Creative Commons license and without the need to purchase access to the article. This is also referred to as “gold” open access.  
 Gold open access pricing   
  Authors who choose gold open access publication will be subject to an article publication charge of €1500 / US$1500 for publication under the CC BY-NC 4.0  license or €2150 / US$2150 for publication under the CC BY 4.0  license. Pricing is exclusive of possible taxes. After an article is accepted for publication, the corresponding author will be informed regarding the open access option during the production stages, and will have the opportunity to purchase open access for their article. It could be that the open access fee of an article is waived completely due an institutional agreement IOS Press has with the corresponding authors' institution. Please check the institutional agreements  page for details.  
 Green open access   
  Authors who do not make use of the gold open access option may still make their article freely available using self-archiving, also referred to as green open access. Authors may make their final accepted manuscript available for free download from their personal or institutional website or institutional archive. This model is free for the author.  

 Loading...    

 Sustainable Development Goals  
 The content of this journal relates to SDG:  
               
 Visit the SDG page  for more information.  

 Supporting Diversity and Inclusion  
   
 This journal supports IOS Press' actions relating to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and commits to the Diversity and Inclusion Statement  .  
   
 More information will be available in due course. Check the   SDGs page    for updates.    

 Related News  

 20 November 2024    
   
 Call for Papers: Special Issue on Convergence of Federated Learning for Big Data Analytics in High-Performance 6G Networks   

 Submit before December 25, 2024   

 Read more    

 1 November 2023    
   
 Sage Grows Research Portfolio by Acquiring IOS Press   

 Los Angeles, USA – Global independent academic publisher Sage  has acquired IOS Press, an independent publisher founded in Amsterdam in 1987 that specializes in...  

 Read more    

 28 June 2023    
   
 More Than 75% of IOS Press Journals Now Have Journal Impact Factors   

 Amsterdam, the Netherlands – IOS Press  , an independent international publishing house producing peer-reviewed content covering science, technology, and medicine...  

 Read more    

 Related Publications  

 Book  Machine Learning and Intelligent Systems   
   
  Proceedings of MLIS 2024, Kampar, Perak, Malaysia, 17-20 November 2024   
 Publication date  
 December 2024    
 Editors  
 Kim, J.-L.   

 Subjects  
 Artificial Intelligence,    
 Human-Computer Interaction    

 Volume  
 393  of  Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications    

 more details    

 Book  Applied Mathematics, Modeling and Computer Simulation   
   
  Proceedings of the 4th International Conference (AMMCS 2024), Wuhan, China, 17- 18 August 2024   
 Publication date  
 November 2024    
 Editors  
 Chen, C.-H.,   
 Wu, J.,   
 Scapellato, A.,   
 Berinde, V.,   
 Korzun, D.G.,   
 Zou, J.   

 Subjects  
 Engineering,    
 Computer Sciences,    
 Mathematics    

 Volume  
 61  of  Advances in Transdisciplinary Engineering    

 more details    

 Book  Innovative Design and Intelligent Manufacturing   
   
  Proceedings of the International Conference (IDIM 2024), Bali, Indonesia, 20-21 July 2024   
 Publication date  
 November 2024    
 Editors  
 Jain, L.C.,   
 Balas, V.E.,   
 Wu, Q.,   
 Shi, F.   

 Subjects  
 Engineering,    
 Technology,    
 Computer Sciences    

 Volume  
 391  of  Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications    

 more details    

 Subscribe To Newsletters & Stay Up-To-Date  
   
 Subscribe!    

 Accelerate Research. Increase Impact.   
 © IOS Press  
   
 View News  View Catalog    

 Legal  
 Disclaimer 
  Privacy Policy 
   
 Menu  
 About 
  News 
  Catalog 
  Initiatives 
  Products 
  Services 
   
 Quick Links  
 Publish With Us 
  Sustainability & SDGs 
  Open Library 
  Policies 
  Sitemap 
  FAQs 

 Contact  
 IOS Press  
 Nieuwe Hemweg 6B  
 1013 BG Amsterdam  
 the Netherlands  
 iospress.com   
   
 Contact Us    

 Facebook    
 Twitter    
 LinkedIn    

 © IOS Press 2024 - Terms of use  - Privacy policy    
 Powered by Dropsolid