Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
        
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Home 
  Award Papers | in IES journals 
  in IES conferences 
  Featured Articles | from IES journals 
  from IES conferences 
  from IES technical committees 
  Tutorials & Webinars 
  eNewsLetter 
  Editorial Board 
  About ITeN 

 2023 IECON – 49th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society  
 By ITeN Editorial Board   
 28 November, 2022   

 IECON 2023 will be held 16-19 October 2023 in Singapore.  
 The 49th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society  is focusing on contemporary industry topics ranging from electronics, controls, manufacturing, to communications and computational intelligence.  
  IECON is the flagship annual conference of IES and returns to Singapore for the first time after 1988. It aims to create a forum for scientists and practising engineers throughout the world to present the latest research findings and ideas in the areas of Industrial Electronics, and possible contributions toward sustainable development and environment preservation.  
  The Conference is co-organized by IEEE Industrial Electronics Society, IEEE Industrial Electronics Chapter of Singapore, the School of Electrical & Electronic Engineering, Nanyang Technological University. It is supported by Singapore Exhibition & Convention Bureau.  
  
 TOPICS OF INTEREST   
  
 ENERGY  
 Power Systems and Smart Grids; 
  Electrical Machines and Industrial Drives; 
  Power Electronic Converters; 
  Smart Building Technologies; 
  Renewable Energy and Energy Storage Systems; 
  Transportation Electrification and Automotive Technologies. 
  CONTROL, INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS, AND ROBOTICS  
 Control Systems and Applications; 
  Machine Learning & Signal and Image Processing; 
  Mechatronics and Robotics; 
  Sensors, Actuators and Micro-Nanotechnology; 
  Resilience and Security for Industrial Applications; 
  Smart Manufacturing Technologies; 
  Unmanned Systems. 
  INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGIES  
 Electronic Systems on Chip and Embedded Systems; 
  Cyber Physical Systems and Internet of Things in Industry; 
  Communications for Industrial and Factory Automation; 
  Industrial Electronics and Education; 
  Cloud Computing; 
  Big Data; 
  Industrial Informatics. 
   
 Important Dates    
 Deadline for submission of regular papers April 30, 2023 
  Deadline for submission of special session papers May 31, 2023 
  Notification of acceptance July 01, 2023 
  Deadline for submission of camera-ready manuscripts July 31, 2023 
  Deadline for author registration July 31, 2023 
   
 For more information on this 49th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society in Singapore (IECON 2023), and Call for Paper  , please visit: https://www.iecon2023.org/    
  
  For more information on other IES events, please visit: http://www.ieee-ies.org/conferences    

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Terms and Conditions 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top