Skip to content      
 IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’24   
 12th International Conference, Varna, Bulgaria, August 29-31, 2024. A hybrid event  
 This is a permanent site for IEEE IS International Conferences on Intelligent Systems  

      Menu    
      Menu   Organizers 
  Committees 
  Venue 
  Partners 
  Contacts 
  News 

 12th IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Systems  
  
 IEEE IS’24 Memories  
                 View all   
 Uniting experts in the world of Intelligent Systems  
 IEEE Conference Number 61756   
 Continuing the legacy of successful conferences such as IS’02, IS’04, IS’08, IS‘12, IS’16, IS’20 (held in Sofia and Varna, Bulgaria), IS’06, IS’10 (held in London, UK), IS’14, IS’22 (held in Warsaw, Poland), IS’18 (held in Funchal, Madeira Island, Portugal), the 12th IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Systems, IS’24, aims to bring together leading specialists in the expansive field of intelligent systems. This forum presents a unique opportunity for scientists from around the globe to share their ideas and achievements in the theory and practice of intelligent control, artificial intelligence, decision support systems, neural networks, soft computing, data mining and knowledge discovery, ontologies, machine learning, intelligent measurement, and other related topics. The conference aims to highlight contemporary intelligent systems as a concept that unifies theoretical research and applications in automation, information technologies, and measurement. All aspects of intelligent systems are of interest, including theory, algorithms, tools, applications, and more.  
 In addition to the main sessions, the conference timetable will include several other symposiums, workshops, poster sessions, tutorial courses, and a student session, all covering similar scopes. These events will take place before, during, and after the conclusion of the IEEE IS’24.  
 The IS’02 up to IS’22 conferences have established themselves as scientific forums known for gathering only high-quality papers and presentations that meet rigorous scientific standards. Following this tradition, all submitted original papers for IS’24 will undergo careful review for possible inclusion in the Conference Proceedings. Additionally, after the Conference, a selected number of the best papers will be further expanded and revised for potential inclusion in the Journal of Intelligent Systems and other reputable journals or Springer books.  

 Intelligent Systems’2024  
 Topics & Application areas 
  Conference Programme 
  Call for Papers 
  Fees & Deadlines 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration & Payment 
  Publication information 

   Search    
   
 Past Conferences  
 IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’22 
  IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’20 
  IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’18 
  IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’16 
  IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’14 
  IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’12 

 News  
  
 IEEE IS’24 Memories | September 15, 2024 
  Post conference documents | September 4, 2024 
  Welcome to IEEE IS’24 and Varna! | August 28, 2024 
  The Programme is Ready for Download | August 9, 2024 
  The IEEE IS’24 Agenda is ready | July 24, 2024 

 Sponsors  

 External links  
  
 IEEE Region8 
  IEEE Blockchain Technical Community 
  САИ 
  IEEE Българска секция 
  ИИКТ - БАН 
  ULSIT 
  Sensors | , published online by MDPI 
  Electronics | , published by MDPI 

 This site or product includes IP2Location LITE data available from https://lite.ip2location.com  .  
   
 © 2024 IEEE Intelligent Systems IS’24  • Built with GeneratePress