Skip to main content    
       
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE Consumer Communications & Networking Conference   
 8–11 January 2023 // Las Vegas, NV // USA   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Authors | Call for Technical Papers 
  Camera-Ready Submission 
  Call for Workshop Papers 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Work-in-Progress Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Program | Program-at-a-Glance 
  Detailed Program 
  Keynotes 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Panels 
  Posters 
  Demos 
  Awards 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Student Travel Grants 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  The 1st Annual IEEE Communications Society Demonstration Conference  
 News and Announcements  
 Thanks for joining us at a successful 2023.     
 We look forward to seeing you at CCNC 2024 on 12-15 January in Las Vegas at the Harrah’s Las Vegas!  

 Mobile App Now Live!     
 Get our official conference app      
   
 iOS  Android  For Blackberry or Windows Phone,  Click here    
 For feature details, visit Whova    

 Welcome Message     
 I am pleased to welcome each and every one of you to the IEEE Consumer Communications and Networking Conference (CCNC) in the exciting city of Las Vegas. For several of us in the organizing side as well as the many researchers, developers, and practitioners from academia and industry who are attending this year, it is a first step back to normalcy- IEEE CCNC this year will be conducted in person! We are excited at the possibilities of the planned and casual intellectual conversations along the hallways, scribbles made in the coffee-breaks, professional networking during the social events, and most importantly, establishing meaningful person-to-person interactions after a long hiatus. Indeed, this year we have the largest number of registered attendees over the past decade and two exciting live keynotes from industry and academic leaders. The message is clear that the research community is resilient and looking forward to engaging in person!  
 Running a large conference like IEEE CCNC with several main tracks, work in progress (WIP), posters, demos, workshops is a mammoth task. For this, I would like to acknowledge primarily the incredible leadership of Prof. Bang Chul Jung (TPC Chair) who was aided in no small part by Prof. Silvia Mirri (TPC Vice Chair). A conference as large as this can only work if the submission/decision system (EDAS) is managed effectively. Many thanks to Prof. Zhanghyu Guan for being patient with our random requests at all the odd hours over the past eight months or so! Alongside the main tracks, we are pleased to present five workshops, which will allow more intimate discussions on specialized topics. For their role in selecting and shepherding the workshops, I must thank Prof. Thorsten Herfet and Prof. Won-Yong Shin. We have had off-the-charts interest in our poster-and-demo tracks this year. These tracks offer early exposure and feedback from the community, and many presenters return back the following year with main track submissions. Let me commend Demo Chairs Prof. Frank den Hartog and Dr. Ravikumar Balakrishnan, as well as Poster Chairs Profs. Jeongho Kwak and Kazuki Maruta, for handling this very large load so efficiently!  
 Beyond technical sessions alone, we hope that IEEE CCNC will be the forum for discussions and debate on topics like industry trends and the role of machine learning in wireless. These are indeed the areas that two panels will dive into, organized by Dr. Arjun Anand and Prof. Dola Saha, respectively. There will be plenty of opportunities to learn new skills and find new tools for research in the set of twelve tutorials selected by the Tutorial Chairs Profs. Ranga Rao Venkatesha Prasad and Tony Quek. If you read of IEEE CCNC through flyers, posts, emails and advertisements, these are directly due to the dedicated efforts of our Publicity Chairs Dr. Debashri Roy and Profs. Howon Lee and Gokhan Secinti. Also a shout out to our Awards Chair Prof. Claudio Casetti, Web Chair Mr. Ki-Hun Lee, Student Grant Chair: Dr. Alexander Gelman, and Publications Chair Mr. Luca Sciullo for serving in these capacities.  
 In closing, I would like to thank all our external patrons for supporting advanced research in the areas of consumer communications and networking. My sincere thanks also to the continuous guidance from the CCNC steering committee, including Dr. Alan Kaplan and Doug Zuckerman, and of course, to Ms. Melissa Torres from the IEEE who magically solves a lot of the complex logistics problems from the start to the end of the planning process!  
 Kaushik Chowdhury  
  General Chair of IEEE CCNC 2023  
 Professor & Associate Chair for Research, Electrical and Computer Engineering  
  Associate Director for the Institute for the Wireless Internet of Things  

 Registration is now Live     
 Register Now   

 Oral Presentation Instructions     
 Papers are allocated 20 minutes each for presentations and questions. Please properly set in EDAS the name of the author who will present the work. The presenter is kindly asked to bring the Session Chair a short bio so that she/he can properly introduce him/her.  
 No PC will be available at the conference   , so please, bring your portable computer with a VGA adaptor if required, or at least bring a copy of your presentation in a USB pen.   
 IMPORTANT  : To be published in the IEEE CCNC 2023 Conference Proceedings and to be eligible for publication in IEEE Xplore®, the paper must be presented by an author of that paper at the conference unless the TPC Chair grants permission for a substitute presenter in advance of the event and who is qualified both to present and answer questions.  

 Demonstration Presentation Instructions     
 Accepted demonstrations will be presented at the conference during a special demonstration session. The presenter is responsible for the demonstration and equipment setup. Each demonstration should be accompanied by a poster of approximately 30 inches by 40 inches describing it. The presenter is expected to present and discuss the work with other conference attendees. A large table, a power socket, and Wi-Fi Internet connectivity will be available for every demonstrator.  
 Please feel free to consult the Demonstrations Co-Chairs if you need additional information.  
 The detailed program of the demonstration sessions is here  .  

 Poster Presentation Instructions     
 Presenters must print their own posters before attending the conference.  
  There are no printing facilities will be available on site.  
 Each poster will be provided with enough space on a whiteboard to hold a Vertical/Portrait poster.  
  A0 size is suggested, which measures 841 mm (W) x 1189 mm (H) or 33.1 in (W) x 46.8 in (H).  
 Presenters must set up posters before their poster sessions (Jan. 9, 2023/Mon or Jan.10, 2023/Tue).  
  The posters must be removed after the session ends.  
 The detailed program of the poster sessions is here  .  

 Welcome to IEEE CCNC 2023!     
 IEEE Consumer Communications and Networking Conference, sponsored by IEEE Communications Society, is a major annual international conference organized with the objective of bringing together researchers, developers, and practitioners from academia and industry working in all areas of consumer communications and networking.  
 IEEE CCNC was organized specifically to help the consumer electronics industry drive the advancement of the numerous wireless and wireline communications technologies that will one day provide on-demand access to both entertainment and information anytime, anywhere, regardless of time or location. This includes a detailed analysis of nearly every technological area ranging from cognitive and peer-to-peer networking to the designer services and tools used to ensure ease-of-use, security and stunning interactivity.  
 IEEE CCNC 2023 will present the latest developments and technical solutions in the areas of home networking, consumer networking, enabling technologies (such as middleware) and novel applications and services. The conference will include a peer-reviewed program of technical sessions, special sessions, business application sessions, tutorials, and demonstration sessions.  

 Important Dates  
 Conference dates:   
  8-11 January 2023   
 Technical Papers Due:   
  28 August 2022 (Firm Deadline)    
 Work-in-Progress Papers Due:   
  28 August 2022 (Firm Deadline)    
 Acceptance Notification for Technical Papers:   
  30 September 2022    
 Tutorial Proposals Due:   
  15 August 2022    
 Tutorial Acceptance Notification:   
  30 September 2022    
 Workshop Papers Due:   
  16 October 2022 (Firm Deadline)    
 Poster Papers Due:   
  16 October 2022 (Firm Deadline)    
 Demos Papers Due:   
  16 October 2022 (Firm Deadline)    
 Camera Ready Due:   
  23 November 2022 (Extended)    

 Patrons  
     
 Gold   

 Silver   

 Silver   

 Silver   

 Exhibitors   

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies