Book  Proceedings of the 23rd Asia Pacific Symposium on Intelligent and Evolutionary Systems  
 January 2020 
    
 DOI: 10.1007/978-3-030-37442-6    
 ISBN: 978-3-030-37441-9 

 Authors:   
      
 Hiroshi Sato    

 Hiroshi Sato    
   
 This person is not on ResearchGate, or hasn't claimed this research yet. 

 Saori Iwanaga    
 Japan Coast Guard Academy 

 Akira Ishii    
 Tottori University 

   Download citation     
   Copy link  Link copied      
         
      Copy link  Link copied    

 Abstract  
   
 This book presents selected papers from the 23rd Asia Pacific Symposium on Intelligent and Evolutionary Systems (IES 2019), which was held in Tottori, Japan, on December 6–8, 2019. Today, various types of intelligent system can be found everywhere. However, none of them can be developed or understood from only one perspective. As such, this book collects unique ways of thinking about intelligent systems. It discusses evolutionary and complex adaptive systems, which have been useful approaches for tackling intelligent systems. It also examines the recent developments in the field of artificial intelligence that are driving research on intelligent systems. Addressing topics related to intelligent transport systems, machine learning and neural networks, data science and decision analytics, evolutionary and nature-inspired computation, and agents and complex systems, this book is a valuable resource for researchers and practitioners wanting to develop or understand intelligent and evolutionary systems.   

    Discover the world's research   
 25+ million members 
  160+ million publication pages 
  2.3+ billion citations 
  Join for free     

 Citations (0)  

  References (0)  

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any citations for this publication.   

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any references for this publication.   

 Recommended publications  
   
 Discover more    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Redefine manufacturing operations for modern production environments with the help of artificial int...   
 November 2024  · The International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology    
 With the rapid development of technology, the potential of artificial intelligence (AI) in improving enterprise production efficiency and operational management is increasingly evident. The complexity and uncertainty in the modern manufacturing environment make it urgent for enterprises to re-examine and redefine their manufacturing operations to adapt to rapidly changing market demands. This ... [Show full abstract]  article aims to explore how to use artificial intelligence to build enterprise information systems, optimize operational management in modern manufacturing environments, improve production efficiency, reduce operating costs, and achieve intelligent decision-making. A research has been conducted on the design of an intelligent manufacturing enterprise operation management information system, including system requirement analysis, structural design, functional and database design, and system testing. A manufacturing enterprise intelligent production scheduling model has been developed to achieve efficient task management through service clustering, sales forecasting, and production scheduling execution. Optimization strategies for manufacturing operations in modern production environments include problem analysis, optimization paths, and effect evaluation. Research has shown that the constructed intelligent manufacturing operation management system can effectively integrate various business processes and improve the real-time and accuracy of data processing. Through the intelligent production scheduling model, the decision support of enterprises in sales forecasting and production scheduling has been significantly enhanced, and operational efficiency has been significantly improved.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Artificial Intelligence-Assisted Simulation Research on Intelligent Behavior of Film and Television...   
 November 2024  · Applied Mathematics and Nonlinear Sciences    
 [...] 
  Yesheng Lin 
  With the continuous development of artificial intelligence technology, the continuous improvement of three-dimensional animation design technology has become an inevitable trend. This paper conducts a simulation study on the intelligent behavior of three-dimensional animation characters in film and television, using finite state machines as the basis. First, we look at the basic parts of the ... [Show full abstract]  character behavior diagram design and behavior modeling. Then, we use the decision state of the finite state machine to define the intelligent behavior of a three-dimensional animation character. Finally, we combine the character behavior operation principle with the character action generator to finish building the character intelligent behavior model. Under the technical support of the film and television animation character behavior model of the finite state machine, Anima Studio is used to realize the construction of the film and television animation character simulation platform, and the platform of this paper is used to explore the simulation of intelligent behavior of animation characters. Upon exploration, we discover that the animated character, utilizing the finite state machine model, operates efficiently and consistently, thereby demonstrating the simulation effect of the film and television animation character simulation platform in a vivid and realistic manner.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Research on Micro Film Literature Creation in the Digital Era under the Background of New Generation...   
 November 2024  · Highlights in Art and Design    
 [...] 
  Yuan Xue 
  With the rapid development of the new generation of artificial intelligence, the creative methods of film and television literature are also undergoing an unprecedented paradigm revolution, with the creative subject shifting from "human" to "human-machine integration". This study suggests that with the continuous deepening of intelligence and the popularity of short videos as a medium, microfilms ... [Show full abstract]  with brands as the core are becoming a new trend in film and television literature. This type is gradually becoming a new category that connects brands with potential consumers. This article aims to study the application prospects of AIGC technology in assisting film and television creation and analyze the value of intelligent technology in microfilm in conjunction with the Aurora Night · University Micro Film Festival.    
 View full-text    

 Chapter    
 Full-text available    
   
 Effective Analysis Utilizing Artificial Intelligence to Characterize the Efficient Dynamic Performan...   
 November 2024    
 In recent years, artificial intelligence has been widely used in renewable energy. Several solar panels have been installed in the direction of maximum solar radiation for various applications around the world. But in the case of moving platforms, for instance, an application like ships, military and solar vehicles, satellites, etc., the maximum solar radiation at all the positions and ... [Show full abstract]  displacements is not obtained. In addition, the sun is still in motion depending on the variation of the calendar. Consequently, there are problems with the energy collected by solar panels and their production which differs considerably at different times, positions, and bearings. This research work aims to model the dynamic behavior of a two degree of freedom (2-DOF) mechanism, which can be used as a dual axis solar moving base. As a verification, the equation of motion examines several important issues in implementing an expert system for the robust controller design of the proposed intelligent mechanism. It is evident that the movement of the panels toward the direction of solar motion uses the maximum radiation at all times and, as a result, the higher efficiency of the solar panels is achieved. The proposed objective of the current research is to devise dynamic modeling of artificial intelligence two-axis of freedom solar moving base mechanism in conjunction with the tracker system mounted on the specifically designed and fabricated moving base platform.    
 View full-text    

 Looking for the full-text?  
 You can request the full-text of this book directly from the authors on ResearchGate.  
 Request full-text     
   
 Already a member? Log in    

 ResearchGate iOS App    
   
 Get it from the App Store now.   

 Install     

 Keep up with your stats and more   

 Access scientific knowledge from anywhere   

 or   
   
 Discover by subject area     

 Recruit researchers 
  Join for free 
  Login      Email   Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login         Password  Forgot password?      Keep me logged in   Log in    or    Continue with Google                
 Welcome back! Please log in.        Email · Hint  Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login          Password   Forgot password?       Keep me logged in    Log in    or    Continue with Google       No account? Sign up 

 Company   
 About us    
 News    
 Careers    

 Support   
 Help Center    

 Business solutions   
 Advertising    
 Recruiting    

 © 2008-2024 ResearchGate GmbH. All rights reserved.   
   
 Terms 
  Privacy 
  Copyright 
  Imprint 
  Consent preferences