Welcome To  
 International Fuzzy Systems Association  
 Bringing fuzzy societies together 
  In Memory of Lotfi A. Zadeh    
  
 News 
  About Us 
  Conferences 
  Members 
  Fellows 
  By-Laws 
  Contact 
  Home 

   news   

 2025 IFSA World Congress with NAFIPS General Meeting    
 will take place from August 16 to 19, 2025, Banff, Alberta, Canada.  
  Please, visit the website  , mark your calendar.   

 During 2023 IFSA World Congress  all Selection Committees announced the results of their deliberations. Thank you very much to the members of the committees for their time and dedication. Congratulations to all awardees.   

 IFSA Fellows    
 Ching-Feng Juang | , National Chung Hsing University, Taiwan 
  Eyke Huellermeier | , Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Germany 
  Huchang Liao | , Sichuan University, China 
  Weldon Lodwick | , University of Colorado Denver, USA 
  Marek Reformat | , University of Alberta, Canada 
  Wei-Yen Wang | , National Chung Hsing University, Taiwan 

 During 2021 IFSA-EUSFLAT Conference  all Selection Committees announced the results of their deliberations. Thank you very much to the members of the committees for their time and dedication. Congratulations to all awardees.   

 IFSA Fellows    
 Luis Martínez 
  Eulalia Szmidt 
  Enrique Herrera-Viedma 
  Sławomir Zadrożny 

 IFSA AWARD    
 for significant impact on fuzzy logic related research and applications   Kaoru Hirota | and | Etienne Kerre 

 IFSA OUTSTANDING APPLICATION AWARD    
 Patricia Melin 

 IFSA BEST JOURNAL PAPER AWARD    
 Kai Zhang, Jianming Zhan, and Wei-Zhi Wu. | Novel fuzzy rough set models and corresponding applications to multi-criteria decision-making. | Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 383:92-126 (2020). 

 Agreement with IEEE Computational Intelligence Society    
 It is our pleasure to announce the signing of the Generic Sister Society Agreement Memorandum of Understanding  between IEEE Computational Intelligence Society  and IFSA  .  
  The goal of the agreement is  
   
  ‘to encourage the exchange and dissemination of technical information, and to promote understanding and cooperation between the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society (CIS)’ and the members of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA).’   
   
  It is an important agreement that opens a new chapter of relationships between societies. It will allow us to grow and build a strong future.  
     
 100th Aniversery of Lotfi Zadeh Birthday    
 On February 4th, 2021, we celebrate centenary of Lotfi Zadeh's birthday.  
   Please, watch a video prepared for that occasion - below  or at IEEE CIS History  website,  
  where there are more testimonial videos to watch.  
  Also, please, visit IEEE Colabratac  to leave a statement of your memory of Lotfi Zadeh.  

 During 2019 IFSA-NAFIPS Conference  all Selection Committees announced the results of their deliberations. Thank you very much to the members of the committees for their time and dedication. Congratulations to all awardees.   

 IFSA Fellows (2019)    
 Ildar Batyrshin 
  Tomasa Calvo 
  Oscar Cordon 
  Zongmin Ma 
  Gabriella Pasi 
  Irina Perfilieva 
  Shun-Feng Su 

 IFSA AWARD (2015, 2017, 2019)    
 for significant impact on fuzzy logic related research and applications   Didier Dubois | and | Henri Prade | (2015) 
  Michio Sugeno | (2017) 
  James Bezdek | and | Hans Zimmermann | (2019) 

 L.A. ZADEH PRIZE    
 for your researcher showing active leadership in the field of fuzzy sets and systems, and their applications   Eyke Hüllemeier 

 IFSA OUTSTANDING APPLICATION AWARD    
 Makoto Fujiyoshi | (Hitachi Zosen Corporation) 

 IFSA BEST JOURNAL PAPER AWARD (2015, 2017, 2019)    
 Laécio C. Barros, Luciana T. Gomes and Pedro A. Tonelli. | Fuzzy differential equations: An approach via fuzzification of the derivative operator. | Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 230:39-52 (2013). 
  Alejandro Ramos-Soto, Alberto Bugarin, Senén Barro. | On the role of linguistic descriptions of data in the building of natural language generation systems. | Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 285: 31-51 (2016). 
  Raquel Yera, and Luis Martínez. | Fuzzy Tools in Recommender Systems: A Survey. | International Journal of Computational Intelligence Systems | 10: 776-803 (2017). 

 Learn More    

  100th Anniversary of Lotfi Zadeh's Birthday  

 As complexity rises, precise statements lose meaning  
  and meaningful statements lose precision.   

 Lotfi A. Zadeh (1921-2017) | Founder of fuzzy sets and systems. | With sadness we learn that the founder of fuzzy sets theory passed away last September 6, 2017. Lofti Zadeh is gone after devoting his life to the fuzzy community he created from an idea that now iluminates every field of knowledge. A great scientist that attracted to this field to a second generation of wonderful pioners that became his friends. Lotfi Zadeh has been a continuous inspiration for all fuzzy researchers, always trying to help, always offering new ideas to everybody, always putting people to work together. We have learnt from him to love Science, Humanity and Friendship. Now we have to stand together, all fuzzy associations and all their members, to continue developing his vision. The International Fuzzy Systems Association, as a main heritage of Zadeh's innitiative, is fully committed in increasing the impact of fuzzy sets in theory and practice. | Lotfi A. Zadeh was born in 1921, in Baku, Azerbaijan, where his father, from Iran, was working as journalist. When Lotfi was 10 years old his family moved back to Teheran, where in 1942 he obtained the Degree on Electrical Enginering. One year later Lotfi emigrated to the United States of North America, continuing his studies at MIT and Columbia University, where he was hired as professor. In 1959 he moved to the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciecens at the University of California, Berkeley. In 1965 Lotfi Zadeh published the concept of fuzzy set in a seminal paper that has become one of the most cited works of the 20th century. 

 About Us   
 The International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA)  is a worldwide organization dedicated to the support, development and promotion of the fundamental issues of fuzzy theory related to (a) sets, (b) logics, (c) relations, (d) natural languages, (e) concept formation, (f) linguistic modeling, (g) vagueness, (h) information granularity, etc. and their applications to (1) systems modeling, (2) system analysis, (3) diagnosis, (4) prediction and (5) control in decision support systems in management and administration of human organizations as well as electro-mechanical systems in manufacturing and process industries. IFSA organizes and encourages participation in open discussion session on the future directions and restructuring of fuzzy theory in IFSA World Congresses  . The offical journal of IFSA, published by Elsevier, is the International Journal of Fuzzy Sets and Systems  . Furthermore, IFSA sponsors workshops and conferences on fuzzy theory.  
  .   
 .   
    
 IFSA Council Members List    

 IFSA Constitution    
 (modified Sep 21, 2021)    

 IFSA Operating Guidelines    

 IFSA By-Laws    

 IFSA History    

   conferences   
    
 IFSA World Congresses   
 2021 IFSA-EUSFLAT Conference 
  IFSA-NAFIPS 2019 
  IFSA-SCIS 2017 

 IFSA (co)Sponsored Conferences    
 Follow the above link to find a list of IFSA coSponsored Conferences.  

 Fuzzy-related Conferences    
 Follow the above link to find a list of conferences about and related to the topic of Fuzzy Sets and Systems.  

 Learn More    

 IFSA Members   
    
 Membership    
 Follow the above link to find out how a society can become an IFSA member.  

 The following societies are members of IFSA   
 All 
  Asia & Austraila 
  Africa 
  Americas 
  Europe 

 SOFT     
  (Japan Society for Fuzzy Theory and Intelligent Informatics, Japan)  
   
 KIIS     
  (Korean Institute of Intelligent Systems, Korea)  
   
 TFSA     
  (Taiwan Fuzzy Systems Association, Taiwan)  
   
 EUSFLAT     
  (European Society for Fuzzy Logic and Technology)  
   
 NSAIS     
  (North European Society of Adaptive and Intelligent Systems, Findland)  
   
 HFA   
  (Hungarian Fuzzy Association, Hungary)  
   
 SIGEF     
  (International Association for Fuzzy Set Management and Economy, Spain)  
   
 RAFSSoftCom     
  (Russian Association for Fuzzy Systems and Soft Computing, Russia)  
   
 FMSAC   
  (Fuzzy Mathematics and Systems Association of China, China)  
   
 SC-INA     
  (Indonesian Soft Computing Society, Indonesia)  
   
 FSAT   
  (Fuzzy Systems Association of Turkey, Turkey)  
   
 ICSC     
  (Iranian Coalition on Soft Computing (ISSSI and IFSS), Iran)  
   
 VFSS   
  (Fuzzy Systems Society, Vietnam)  
   
 NAFIPS     
  (North American Fuzzy Informaiton Processing Society)  
   
 HAFSA     
  (Hispanic-American Fuzzy System Association, Maxico)  
   
 SBA     
  (Brazilian Society of Automatics, Brazil)  
   
 ...to come ...   

 fellows   
    
 IFSA Fellow Comittee and Procedure    
 Follow the above link to learn more about IFSA Fellow process.  

 Recognized for their contributions to the fuzzy sets and systems community are the following IFSA Fellows   :  
 Rafik Aliev  
 Joint MBA Program, USA    
 Kiyoji Asai  
 Prof. Emeritus of Osaka Prefecture University, Japan    
 Krassimir Atanassov  
 Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria    
 James Baldwin  
 University of Bristol, UK    
 James C. Bezdek  
 University of West Florida, USA    
 Zeungnam Bien  
 (deceased)    
 Piero Bonissone  
 General Electric Co., USA    
 Gloria Bordogna  
 Italian National Research Council, Italy    
 Patrick Bosc  
 Universite de Rennes I, France    
 Bernadette Bouchon-Meunier  
 Universite Pierre et Marie Curie, France    
 Humberto Bustince  
 Public University of Navarra, Spain    
 Christer Carlsson  
 Abo Akademi University, Finland    
 Oscar Castillo  
 Tijuana Institute of Technology, Tijuana, Mexico    
 Guoqing Chen  
 Sch. of Econ. & Manage., Tsinghua University, Beijing, China    
 Shyi-Ming Chen  
 National Taiwan University of Science and Technology, Taiwan    
 Bernard De Baets  
 Ghent University, Belgium    
 Miguel Delgado  
 University of Granada, Spain    
 Antonio Di Nola  
 Universita degli Studi di Salerno, Italy    
 Didier Dubois  
 Universite Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France    
 Francesc Esteva  
 Technical University of Catalonia, Spain    
 Dimitar Filev  
 Ford Motor Company, USA    
 Janos Fodor  
 (deceased)    
 Maria Angeles Gil  
 University of Oviedo, Spain    
 Lluis Godo  
 Research Artificial Intelligence Research Institute (IIIA), Spain    
 Joseph Goguen  
 (deceased)    
 Fernando Gomide  
 University of Campinas, Brazil    
 Siegfried Gottwald  
 University Leipzig, Germany    
 Michel Grabisch  
 University Panthon-Sorbonne, Paris    
 Madan Gupta  
 University of Saskatchewan, Canada    
 Petr Hajek  
 (deceased)    
 Francisco Herrera  
 Full University of Granada, Spain    
 Kaoru Hirota  
 Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan    
 Ulrich Hohle  
 University of Wuppertal, Germany    
 Janus Kacprzyk  
 Systems Research Institute, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poland    
 Abe Kandel  
 University of South Florida, USA    
 James Keller  
 Curators' University of Missouri, USA    
 Etienne E. Kerre  
 University of Ghent, Belgium    
 Erich Peter Klement  
 University of Linz, Austria    
 George Klir  
 (deceased)    
 Laszlo Koczy  
 Budapest University of Technology and Economics, Hungary    
 Bart Kosko  
 University of Southern California, USA    
 Donald Kraft  
 Colorado Technical University, USA    
 Vladik Kreinovich  
 University of Texas at El Paso, USA    
 Rudolf Kruse  
 Otto-von-Guericke-University of Magdeburg, Germany    
 Chin-Teng Lin  
 Chair National Chiao Tung University, Taiwan    
 Yingming Liu  
 Sichuan University, China    
 Jie Lu  
 University of Technology Sydney, Australia    
 Luis Magdalena  
 European Centre for Soft Computing, Spain    
 Ebrahim H. Mamdani  
 (deceased)    
 Jerry Mendel  
 University of Southern California, USA    
 Radko Mesiar  
 Slovak University of Technology Bratislava, Slovakia    
 Sadaaki Miyamoto  
 University of Tsukuba, Japan    
 Masaharu Mizumoto  
 (deceased)    
 Javier Montero  
 Complutense University of Madrid, Spain    
 Masao Mukaidono  
 Meiji University, Japan    
 Toshiaki Murofushi  
 Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan    
 Constantin V. Negoita  
 The City University of New York, USA    
 Hung T. Nguyen  
 New Mexico State University, USA    
 Vilem Novak  
 University of Ostrava, Czech Republic    
 Sergei Ovchinnikov  
 San Francisco State University, USA    
 Nikhil Pal  
 Indian Statistical Institute, India    
 Sankar K. Pal  
 Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta, India    
 Witold Pedrycz  
 University of Alberta, Canada    
 Fred Petry  
 Tulane University, USA    
 Henri Prade  
 Universite Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France    
 Dan Ralescu  
 University of Cincinnati, USA    
 Imre Rudas  
 Obuda University, Hungary    
 Enrique H. Ruspini  
 Artificial Intelligence Center, SRI International, Menlo Park, USA    
 Elie Sanchez  
 (deceased)    
 Michio Sugeno  
 Doshisha University, Japan    
 Tomohiro Takagi  
 Meiji University, Japan    
 Hideo Tanaka  
 (deceased)    
 Kazuo Tanaka  
 University of Electro-Communications, Tokyo, Japan    
 Toshiro Terano  
 (deceased)    
 Settimo Termini  
 University of Palermo, Italy    
 Enric Trillas  
 Technical University of Madrid, Spain    
 I. Burhan Turksen  
 University of Toronto, Canada    
 Motohide Umano  
 Osaka Prefecture University, Japan    
 Jose Luis Verdegay  
 University of Granada, Spain    
 Wen-June Wang  
 National Central University, Taiwan    
 Ronald R. Yager  
 Iona College, USA    
 Zeshui Xu  
 Sichuan University, China    
 Takeshi Yamakawa  
 Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan    
 Lotfi A. Zadeh  
 (deceased)    
 Hans-Jurgen Zimmermann  
 RWTH Aachen, Germany    

   by-laws   
 IFSA by-laws have been approved on January 12, 2001. They contain the following sections:  
    
 1. Duties of Officers    

 2. Voting and Conduct of Business    

 3. Elections    

 4. Establishing and Discharging Institutional Members    

 5. Conference Guidelines    

 6. World Congresses    

 7. Applications for Sponsored Meetings    

 8. Application for the Institutional Membership    

 Full Text    

 Learn More    

 Let’s Talk   

  email:  
 president@fuzzySystems.org    
  Hours:  
 Monday - Sunday   
  Please, ask any time.    

 Your message has been sent. Thank you!   

 Send Message    

 © IFSA. All Rights Reserved  Designed by BootstrapMade