16 - 21 July, 2023    General | Photos  Welcome Message  Organizing Committee  Contacts  Privacy and Non-Discrimination  Event Conduct and Safety  JSTARS Call for Papers 
  Program | Plenary Session  Plenary Speakers  Technical Program  Paper Search  Tutorials  Three Minute Thesis  Student Paper Competition  Social Program  For Young Professionals  TIE Events  Technical Tour 
  Registration | IGARSS 2023 Registration  On-Site Registration Desk  Invitation Letter Request 
  For Authors | Important Dates  Themes  Paper Submission  Author Invitation Letter  GRSS Travel Support 
  Sponsorship & Exhibition | Sponsor & Exhibit Registration  Current Sponsors  Current Exhibitors 
  Destination | Venue  Maps  VISA  Family Resources 
  Summer School 

 International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium  

  Theme Tag Line   

    IGARSS 2023 Attendee Access   
  
 AdCom Open House  
 This year, for the first time, IEEE GRSS, the sponsoring Society of IGARSS, is organizing an Administrative Committee (AdCom) Open House on Sunday July 16 at 17:00-19:00. Over light refreshments, you will have a chance to meet GRSS leadership: Your GRSS President, Executive VP, CFO, Secretary, Past President, VPs and Directors, and all the volunteers working within the various GRSS committees on activities and projects for you. You will also get to meet the IGARSS 2023 Local Organizing Committee. We look forward to meeting you!  

 News and Updates  
 Photos from IGARSS 2023    
 On-Site Registration Desk hours  .   
 Build a personal schedule and add it to your calendar programs. Just log in  using your registration credentials, and click the  on the Technical Program  pages.   
 JSTARS Call for Papers, Special Issue for IGARSS 2023  .   
 Shannon’s Guides on Things to do  in Pasadena.   
 Presentation Preparation instructions  , including oral and interactive session guidelines, are available.   
 Summer School Registration  is available.   
 The Technical Program Schedule  is available.   
 Proceedings Paper Upload  is now open. If you wish to publish your manuscript in the proceedings, prepare and upload a full manuscript according to the Paper Kit: Part V  by 31 May 2023.   
 Online registration  is now open. Authors must register by 2 June 2023. Early-bird discount for registering before 19 May 2023.   
 The review results for all submitted abstracts have been sent by email to authors. Accepted abstracts can be revised through 31 May 2023.    
 The abstract submission deadline for IGARSS 2023 has been extended to 20 January 2023.    
 We invite interested authors to submit abstracts to IGARSS 2023. Abstracts are due 20 January 2023.    
 Community contributed sessions are replacing invited sessions at IGARSS 2023. We encourage you to submit session topic proposals that are timely and of broad interest to the IGARSS community. If a session topic is selected, it will become a part of the IGARSS program and be available for the community to submit to. Proposals are due 18 October 2022.    

 Welcome  
 The International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS) is the flagship conference of the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society (GRSS). It is aimed at providing a platform for sharing knowledge and experience on recent developments and advancements in geoscience and remote sensing technologies, particularly in the context of earth observation, disaster monitoring and risk assessment.  
 On behalf of the IEEE GRSS and the IGARSS 2023 Organizing Committee, we are pleased to invite you to the 43rd annual IGARSS symposium to be held in person. We welcome you to join us at Pasadena Convention Center.  

 ©2024 IEEE – All rights reserved.   
 Last updated 12 July 2023.   
   
 Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Website Terms and Conditions  .   
 Support: info@2023.ieeeigarss.org  Host: https://cmsworldwide.com/