16 - 21 July, 2023    General | Photos  Welcome Message  Organizing Committee  Contacts  Privacy and Non-Discrimination  Event Conduct and Safety  JSTARS Call for Papers 
  Program | Plenary Session  Plenary Speakers  Technical Program  Paper Search  Tutorials  Three Minute Thesis  Student Paper Competition  Social Program  For Young Professionals  TIE Events  Technical Tour 
  Registration | IGARSS 2023 Registration  On-Site Registration Desk  Invitation Letter Request 
  For Authors | Important Dates  Themes  Paper Submission  Author Invitation Letter  GRSS Travel Support 
  Sponsorship & Exhibition | Sponsor & Exhibit Registration  Current Sponsors  Current Exhibitors 
  Destination | Venue  Maps  VISA  Family Resources 
  Summer School 

 International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium  

  Theme Tag Line   

    IGARSS 2023 Attendee Access   
  
 Paper Submission  

 Important News   
 Final Paper Submission Open  
 The deadline for revising accepted papers is 31 May 2023.  

  Submit a revision of an accepted abstract   
 Check Status  
 Check the status of a submitted paper  
  or request withdrawal of a submission   
 IEEE Copyright Form  
 Submit your Electronic  
  Copyright Form   

 The results of the abstract review process have now been sent to all authors by email. If you did not receive one, please contact us at papers@2023.ieeeigarss.org  .  
  The List of Accepted Abstracts is available here.    

 Registration Confirmation Letter on IGARSS 2023 Letterhead   
 If you would like an invitation confirming registration on IGARSS 2023 letterhead in order to begin the travel-visa application process, you may request such a letter by clicking on the link below. Invitation Letters will be sent by email at no cost.  
 Request an Invitation Letter  (confirming an existing registration)  

 Formal Acceptance Letter on IGARSS 2023 Letterhead   
 If you would like a formal acceptance letter on IGARSS 2023 letterhead in order to begin the travel-visa application process, you may request such a letter by clicking on the link below. The letter will be delivered as a PDF file by email to any of the authors listed on the paper.  
 Request a Formal Acceptance Letter  (confirming an accepted paper)  

 Poster Printing   
 If you need to print poster on site, you can do so at nearby FedEx Office Ship Center. Here are the FedEx recommended places:  
 FedEx Office Ship Center, 135 N Los Robles Ave #120, Pasadena, CA 91101 
  FedEx Office Ship Center, 855 E Colorado Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91101 

 Participation in IGARSS is open to all individuals interested in or working in the fields of geoscience and remote sensing. Abstracts received by the deadline will be considered for program placement under the standard peer review process. Late abstracts cannot be accepted due to the large number of submissions and short review schedule. The IEEE IGARSS 2023 Technical Program Committee will organize all accepted abstracts into either oral or interactive poster sessions based upon their potential contribution to the symposium and the composition of high-quality sessions.  
 The entire submission process and requirements are detailed in the Paper Kit  .  
 Submission of Publish-ready Papers  
 Use the links to the right or below to submit a publish-ready paper for an accepted abstract. 
  All manuscripts must be written in English. 
  The initial abstract | WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED | . If you intend to publish in the proceedings, you | MUST PREPARE AND UPLOAD A PUBLISH-READY MANUSCRIPT | . 
  The minimum page limit is two single sided pages formatted into a | two-column document | . Use Times New Roman font larger than 9 points and follow the | Paper Kit | instructions. 
  The electronic system will enable full proceedings papers to be submitted until 31 May 2023. 
  Submission of Abstracts  
 Use the links to the right or below to submit a manuscript or to revise an existing submission. 
  All manuscripts must be written in English. 
  The | word limit | for all abstracts is a minimum of 500 to maximum of 1000 words. Use Times New Roman font, 10, 11 or 12 point, and anywhere between 1.0 and 1.5 line spacing. Template is provided | here 
  Abstracts should state clearly and concisely the problem, methodology used and central conclusions, and may include 1-2 figures and graphs. 
  Abstracts must include a bibliography to help reviewers place the contributions of the work into context. 
  A maximum of two abstracts may be submitted by each presenting author, including both general and invited sessions. 
  Every author is responsible for checking the status of their submission by visiting the symposium website after 3 April 2023. Acceptance letters will be sent via email only, and the results posted on the website. 

 ©2024 IEEE – All rights reserved.   
 Last updated 07 July 2023.   
   
 Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Website Terms and Conditions  .   
 Support: info@2023.ieeeigarss.org  Host: https://cmsworldwide.com/