Skip to main content  Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

 Main navigation  
 Publications | IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 
  IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Information Theory 
  IEEE BITS the Information Theory Magazine 
  IEEE Information Theory Society Newsletter 
  Conferences | IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory 
  IEEE Information Theory Workshop 
  Schools of Information Theory 
  Calendar of Upcoming Events 
  Information for Organizers 
  Videos 
  Membership | About Us 
  Become a Member 
  Chapters 
  Distinguished Lecturer Program 
  Awards | Awards 
  Make a Nomination 
  IEEE Fellows 
  Golden Jubilee Awards 
  Chapter of the Year Award 
  Community | Board of Governors 
  Committees 
  BoG Meetings 
  BoG Meeting Minutes 
  Governing Documents 
  Society Administrator 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Outreach 
  Thomas: Teaching Resources 
  Volunteer 
  News | News 
  Job Board 
  Submit an Announcement 
  Subscribe to the Mailing List 
  Help 
   
 Search  
 Search     
 Search    

 Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

  Home 
  12th ACM Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec'24) 

 12th ACM Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec'24)    
  
 12th ACM Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec'24)    
   
 Call for papers: The IH&MMSec workshop has established its reputation as one of the premier outlets in the fields of information hiding and multimedia security. Paper submission deadline: February 16, 2024   

 For more than 20 years, the fields of Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec) have allied advances of multiple disciplines, accumulating a substantial body of knowledge. The IH&MMSec workshop has established its reputation as one of the premier outlets for research in these and related areas. Continuing this tradition, the 2024 workshop edition solicits novel papers documenting research, industrial, or government practice. The event will be held at Parador de Baiona, a historic fortress with a spectacular view over the ocean, situated in the beautiful town of Baiona in Galicia (Spain).  
   
  For more information and updates, the conference website is: http://www.ihmmsec.org  <http://www.ihmmsec.org/>   

  List of Topics   
   
  Submitted papers should address security and privacy aspects in relation to multimedia host signals  (including images, audios, videos, texts, network traffic, etc.):  
   
 Forensics and counter-forensics 
  Steganography and steganalysis 
  Covert and subliminal channels 
  Watermarking and fingerprinting 
  Networks and protocols 
  Anonymity and privacy 
  Biometrics 
  Deep fake analysis 
   
  This year a call for special sessions  is included. For details about the corresponding proposal procedure, please refer to the conference website.  

  Submission Guidelines   
   
  All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. The following paper categories are welcome:  
   
 Short papers: | 4-6 pages, describing preliminary results, e.g. work in progress with limited test sets or just giving indications or tendencies... 
  Full papers: | 10–12 pages, describing general and detailed research contributions. Full papers are expected to back their key claims with strong evidence (such as mathematical proofs, statistical modelling, or extensive testing). 
   
  Technical papers submitted for IH&MMSec 2024 are to be written in English.  
  Authors are invited to submit either short papers (4-6 pages, including references, for preliminary yet interesting results) or full papers (10-12 pages, including references, with general and detailed research  
  contributions). Submissions must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are  
  simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference. Manuscripts must be properly anonymized for double-blind review.  
  The manuscript must be submitted via EasyChair at: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ihmmsec24   
  <https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ihmmsec24>   
   
 Important dates   
 December 7, 2023: | Deadline for special session proposals 
  January 12, 2024: | Submission system (EasyChair) opens 
  February 16, 2024: | Paper submission deadline 
  April 12, 2024: | Acceptance notification 
  May 3, 2024: | Camera-ready submission is due 
  June 24-26, 2024: | In-person workshop meeting in Baiona 

  Committee   
   
  General Chair   
 Fernando Pérez-González, University of Vigo, Spain 
   
  Technical Program Chairs   
 Pedro Comesaña Alfaro, University of Vigo, Spain 
  Christian Krätzer, University of Magdeburg, Germany 
  H. Vicky Zhao, Tsinghua University in Beijing, China 
   
  Special Sessions Chair   
 Benedetta Tondi, University of Siena, Italy 

  Venue   
   
  The workshop is intended to be in-person  in Baionna, Spain.  
   
  On behalf of the organisers of IH&MMSec '24  

 More Information  
 Event Date   
 Jun 24, 2024  to Jun 26, 2024  Add to Calendar  2024-06-24 00:00:00  2024-06-26 00:00:00  12th ACM Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec'24)  Call for papers: The IH&MMSec workshop has established its reputation as one of the premier outlets in the fields of information hiding and multimedia security. Paper submission deadline: February 16, 2024  Parador de Baiona, Spain    America/New_York  public      
 Event location   
 Parador de Baiona, Spain   

 Subscribe to Our Mailing List  
 Receive announcements about conferences, news, job openings and more by subscribing to our mailing list.  

 SUBSCRIBE    

 Footer menu  
 Home 
  Contact 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Help 

 © Copyright 2021 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.   
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.