Loading   

    SWI-Prolog   
 [CFP][ILP 2023] 32nd International Conference on Inductive Logic Programming - Remainder   
  Announce       Call for papers        

 zsercr      June 21, 2023, 1:11pm   1     
 *** Apologies for cross-posting ***  
 Call for Papers: 32nd International Conference on Inductive Logic Programming, ILP @IJCLR2023  .   
 The Conference will be held within The third International Joint Conference on Learning & Reasoning (IJCLR2023) at the University of Bari “Aldo Moro”, Bari, Italy,13-15 November 2023.  
  ilp2023.unife.it   
    
 ILP2023 – ILP2023 @ IJCLR   

 We solicit submissions in all areas of learning in logic and multi-relational data mining. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Theory of ILP, foundations of logical & relational learning, computational learning theory. 
  Learning in various logical representations and formalisms, such as logic programming & answer set programming, first-order & higher-order logic, description logic & ontologies. 
  Statistical relational learning, including structure/parameter learning for probabilistic logic languages, relational probabilistic graphical models, kernel-based methods, neural-symbolic learning. 
  Meta-interpretive learning & predicate invention. 
  Semi-supervised & unsupervised relational learning. 
  Methods for scaling-up ILP, parallel & distributed relational learning. 
  Incremental & online relational learning, learning from data streams. 
  Applications of ILP. 
  We solicit three types of submissions:  
 Conference papers, describing original work with appropriate experimental evaluation and/or a self-contained theoretical contribution. Submitted conference papers should not have been published, or be under review for a journal, or another conference with published proceedings. Conference papers may be either long papers, of up to 15 pages, including references, or short papers of up to 6-9 pages, including references. Long papers should contain a substantial contribution that justifies their length, e.g. proofs of extensive experimental studies. Accepted conference papers will be published by the Springer LNAI conference proceedings. 
  Late-breaking abstracts, briefly outlining novel ideas and proposals that the authors would like to present at the conference. These could include e.g. original work in progress without conclusive experimental findings, or other relevant work, not yet ready for publication. Submissions of late-breaking abstracts will be accepted/rejected on the grounds of relevance. Accepted late-breaking abstracts will be published on the conference website. Late-breaking abstracts must not exceed 4 pages, including references. 
  Recently published papers relevant to ILP, or papers recently accepted for publication by a first-class conference such as ECML/PKDD, ICML, KDD, ICDM, AAAI, IJCAI, etc. or journal such as MLJ, DMKD, JMLR etc. These will be accepted/rejected on the grounds of relevance and quality of the original publication venue. For papers of this category a link to the original work will be published on the conference website. Authors should submit the abstract and the PDF file of the original submission, specifying in the abstract the original venue where the paper was accepted in addition to the acceptance date. Authors submitting a recently published paper should submit it through IJCLR’s “Recently Published Papers Track” option from the submission page. 
  All accepted papers will be assigned a presentation slot at the conference. Long conference papers will be assigned an extended slot, while short conference papers, late-breaking abstracts and recently published papers will be assigned a reduced slot.  
 Additionally, authors of accepted papers will have the opportunity to present their papers during the joint poster sessions. At least one of the authors of accepted papers/late-breaking abstracts must register for the conference and present their work.  
 SUBMISSIONS  
 Submissions will be handled by EasyChair. To submit a paper to ILP, authors are invited to follow the submission link  and select the ILP track. For recently published papers please use the “Recently Published Papers Track”.  
 Submissions must be in Springer LNCS format, according to the Springer LNCS author instructions. Already published papers should be submitted in their original format and the authors should indicate the original publication venue.  
 IMPORTANT DATES  
  Abstract submission (long & short conference papers) 26th June 2023  
  Paper submission (long & short conference papers) 3rd July 2023  
  Author notification 25th August 2023  
  Camera-ready due 8th September 2023  
 Late-breaking abstracts & already published papers 1st September 2023  
  Author notification 15th September 2023  
 ILP Conference 13-15th November 2023  

 Related topics  
   
 Topic | Replies | Views | Activity 
 [cfp] ilp 2023: extended deadlines    Call for papers | 0 | 258 | June 26, 2023 
 CFP: 32nd International Conference on Inductive Logic Programming    Announce | 0 | 239 | June 2, 2023 
 [ALP] ICLP 2024 - Final Call for Papers    Announce | 0 | 138 | April 29, 2024 
 [Call For Participation] 3rd International Joint Conference on Learning and Reasoning (IJCLR 2023), Bari (Italy), 13-15 November 2023    Announce | 0 | 231 | October 27, 2023 
 3rd International Joint Conference on Learning and Reasoning (IJCLR 2023) 13-15 November 2023, Bari, Italy    Call for papers | 0 | 239 | June 2, 2023 

 Home 
  Categories 
  Guidelines 
  Terms of Service 
  Privacy Policy 
   
 Powered by Discourse  , best viewed with JavaScript enabled