Search for:        

 MENU  MENU     

 About Us | Awards and Medals 
  Business Affiliates 
  Branches | East Midlands 
  London 
  North West 
  Scottish 
  South West and Wales 
  West Midlands 
  Yorkshire 
  Equity, Diversity and Inclusion 
  Education | Schools and Further Education 
  Higher Education 
  University Degree Course Accreditation 
  Governance | Communications Committee 
  Conferences Committee 
  Council 
  Early Career Mathematicians Committee 
  Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Committee 
  Executive Board 
  Finance Committee 
  Higher Education Committee 
  Journals Board of Management 
  Local Branches Committees | East Midlands Branch Committee 
  Irish Branch Committee 
  London Branch Committee 
  North West Branch Committee 
  Scottish Branch Committee 
  West Midlands Branch Committee 
  South West and Wales Branch Committee 
  Yorkshire Branch Committee 
  Mathematics Today Editorial Board 
  MathsCareers Committee 
  Membership Committee 
  Nominating Committee 
  Professional Affairs Committee 
  Research Committee 
  Schools and Further Education Committee 
  History 
  Professional | Continuing Professional Development (CPD) 
  Academic Representatives 
  Supporting the IMA 
  Membership | Why Join the IMA? 
  Membership Grades 
  Membership Wizard 
  How to Join the IMA 
  Membership Rates 
  Thinking of Rejoining the IMA? 
  How to transfer Membership Grade 
  Membership FAQ 
  Student | Undergraduate Student Membership 
  IMA Student Blog 
  eStudent Newsletter 
  e16plus Newsletter 
  Chartership | Chartered Mathematician Designation 
  Chartered Scientist Designation 
  Chartered Mathematics Teacher 
  Publications | Council 
  Governance 
  IMA Journals 
  Mathematics Today 
  Mathematics Today Bulletin Archive 
  Book Reviews 
  Mathematics Matters 
  Reports 
  Proceedings 
  Support | IMA Exponential Mentoring Scheme 
  Careers 
  Grants 
  Lectures 
  Levelling Up: Maths 
  Mathematics Teacher Training Scholarships 
  Events | Conferences 
  Employers' Forum 
  Talks 
  Workshops 
  Jobs | UK Jobs 
  Job Listing Submission 
  Contact Us | IMA Staff 
  myIMA 

 19th IMA International Conference on Cryptography and Coding  

 Home   » Events   » Conferences   » 19th IMA International Conference on Cryptography and Coding    
 Event  
  Date: Tuesday December 12, 2023  - Thursday December 14, 2023   
 Time : 9:00 am - 5:00 pm  
  
 Moore Auditorium , Royal Holloway  
 Egham Hill, Egham, London, TW20 0EX, UK  
 Tuesday December 12, 2023 9:00 am  Thursday December 14, 2023 5:00 pm  Europe/London  19th IMA International Conference on Cryptography and Coding  Moore Auditorium , Royal Holloway , Egham Hill, Egham, London, TW20 0EX, UK  Programme Royal Holloway Final Information – Maps, Parking and Accommodation Abstract Padlet Springer Proceedings Online Springer Proceedings Book Request Feedback […]  
  Warning  : Undefined variable $eventpleasenote in /home/ima/www/www/wp/wp-content/themes/ima-s8/templates/content-single.php  on line 129   
   
  Warning  : Trying to access array offset on null in /home/ima/www/www/wp/wp-content/themes/ima-s8/templates/content-single.php  on line 129   
  Event Link: https://ima.org.uk/21435/19th-ima-international-conference-on-cryptography-and-coding/        
   
 19th IMA International Conference on Cryptography and Coding  
   
 Programme   
 Royal Holloway Final Information – Maps, Parking and Accommodation   
 Abstract   
 Padlet   
 Springer Proceedings Online   
 Springer Proceedings Book Request   
 Feedback  Survey  

 The mathematical theory and practice of both cryptography and coding underpins the provision of effective security and reliability for data communication, processing and storage. This nineteenth International Conference in an established and successful IMA series on the theme of “Cryptography and Coding” solicits original research papers on all technical aspects of cryptography and coding.  
  Submissions are welcome on any cryptographic or coding-theoretic topic including, but not limited to:  
  • Foundational theory and mathematics;  
  • The design, proposal, and analysis of cryptographic or coding primitives and protocols  
  • Secure implementation and optimisation in hardware or software; and  
  • Applied aspects of cryptography and coding.  
  
 Invited Speakers  
 Carla Ràfols (Pompeu Fabra University)   
 Amortization in zkSNARKs   
 Prover complexity is one of the main bottlenecks in some of the best-known succinct, non-interactive arguments. Thus, many works “delay” or amortize parts of these proofs. In this talk, I will overview these techniques and the most recent constructions, and present new applications of these ideas.  
 Dario Fiore (IMDEA Software Institute)   
 Succinct and Functional Vector Commitments   
 Vector commitments are a special class of commitment schemes in which one can commit to a long vector and open single positions of the vector with the crucial property that commitments and openings are short. Functional commitments generalize vector commitments so that one can open, in a succinct way, to functions of the committed vector.  
  In this talk, I will present the notion of functional commitments and the recent constructions of this primitive that support the evaluation of arbitrary circuits, and I will discuss some of their applications.  
 Accepted Papers  
 An Upper-Bound on the Decoding Failure Probability of the LRPC Decoder  , Étienne Burle and Ayoub Otmani   
  Coset leaders of the first order Reed-Muller codes in the classes of Niho functions and Threshold functions  , Serge Christian Feukoua Jonzo   
  Revisiting Nearest-Neighbor-Based Information Set Decoding  , Andre Esser   
  Feistel Ciphers Based on A Single Primitive  , Kento Tsuji and Tetsu Iwata   
  Rectangle Attacks on Reduced Versions of the FBC Block Cipher  , Wenchang Zhou and Jiqiang Lu   
  zk-SNARKs from Codes with Rank Metrics  , Xuan-Thanh Do, Dang-Truong Mac and Quoc-Huy Vu   
  Zero-Knowledge Systems from MPC-in-the-Head and Oblivious Transfer  , Cyprien Delpech de Saint Guilhem, Ehsan Ebrahimi and Barry van Leeuwen   
  ZK-for-Z2K: MPC-in-the-Head Zero-Knowledge Proofs for Z2k  , Lennart Braun, Cyprien Delpech de Saint Guilhem, Robin Jadoul, Emmanuela Orsini, Nigel P. Smart and Titouan Tanguy   
  Efficient Secure Two Party ECDSA  , Sermin Kocaman and Younes Talibi Alaou   
  Selective Delegation of Attributes in Mercurial Signature Credentials  , Colin Putman and Keith M. Martin   
  Middle-Products of Skew Polynomials and Learning with Errors  , Andrew Mendelsohn and Cong Ling   
  Identity-Based Threshold Signatures from Isogenies  , Shahla Atapoor   
  Dynamic Security Aspects of Onion Routing  , Alessandro Melloni, Martijn Stam and Øyvind Ytrehus   
  Practical and Efficient FHE-based MPC  , Nigel P. Smart   
 https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-47818-5   
 Call for Posters – Open  
 Come and present your latest original ideas and results on any cryptographic or coding-theoretic topic with a poster at IMACC23!  
  Submit an abstract (max 300 words) by 12noon on the 3rd November 2023  . This should include your main ideas and results, their context and appropriate references. Abstracts should be submitted through your MyIMA  account. You do NOT have to be a member to submit a abstract, If you would like to submit a abstract then please register for FREE and upload your abstract to the event on the portal.  
  Notification of acceptance will be on 10th November 2023  .  
  
 Important Dates   
 – Submission Deadline: 12th July 2023 – CLOSED  
  – Author Notification: 6th September 2023  
  – Proceedings Version Deadline: 25th September 2023  
  – Poster Abstract Deadline: 3rd November 2023  
  – Registration Deadline- 7th December 2023  
  – Conference: 12-14th December 2023  
  
 Organising Committee  
 Elizabeth A. Quaglia, RHUL (Chair)  
  Angelo De Caro, IBM  
  Maura Paterson, Birkbeck  
  Chris Mitchell, RHUL  
 Programme Committee  
 Olivier Blazy, École polytechnique  
  Xavier Bultel, INSA CVL  
  Liqun Chen, University of Surrey  
  Elizabeth Crites, University of Edinburgh  
  Alex Davidson, Universidade Nova de Lisboa  
  Gareth Davies, NXP  
  Angelo De Caro, IBM  
  Jean Paul Degabriele, TII  
  Itai Dinur, Ben-Gurion University  
  Benjamin Dowling, University of Sheffield  
  Ashley Fraser, University of Surrey  
  Lydia Garms, Keyless Technologies Limited  
  Aurore Guillevic, INRIA  
  Christian Janson, TU Darmstadt  
  Siaw-Lynn Ng, Royal Holloway, University of London  
  Martha Norberg Hovd, Simula UiB  
  Maura Paterson, Birkbeck  
  Thomas Preston, PQShield Ltd.  
  Elizabeth A. Quaglia, Royal Holloway, University of London (chair)  
  Benjamin Smith, Inria and École polytechnique  
  Gaven J. Watson, Meta  
  
 Registration Information  
 Conference Fee – Non IMA Member £450  
  Conference Fee – IMA Member £350  
  Conference Fee – IMA Student £250  
  Conference Fee – Non-Member Student £280  
 Conference Fee – Includes your pass for the whole conference, refreshments and lunch.  
 If you are an IMA Member or you have previously registered for an IMA conference, then you are already on our database. Please “request a new password” using the email address previously used, to log in. Register for the conference using this link   
 Accommodation   
  Use the link below to book local accommodation in the Reid Halls directly with Royal Holloway for £81 per night.  
  http://venue-booking.royalholloway.ac.uk/BnB/IMA2023.bnb   
 Conference Dinner  
   3 course dinner and drink for £45 to be held at Barley Mow Rd, Englefield Green, Egham, TW20 0NX. You have to register and pay for this dinner prior to arrival through MyIMA  .  
 Travel Info & Maps   
  For anyone driving the postcode for their sat-nav will be TW20 0EX and for those traveling by train, the closest station is Egham (around 20 minutes walk from the College).   
 Campus map    
  
 Code of Conduct  
 We are committed to providing an experience free of harassment and discrimination at the IMA CC conference, respecting the dignity of every participant.  
  If you experience harassment or discriminatory behaviour at IMA CC, we encourage you to reach out to the Conference Chair Elizabeth Quaglia.  
  Participants who violate this code may be sanctioned and/or expelled from the event, at the discretion of the Conference Chair. Any action will only be taken with the consent of the complaining party. UK law applies.  
  If you witness harassment or discriminatory behaviour, please consider intervening.  
 Image Credit: Photo by Charles Postiaux  on Unsplash  / CC BY-NC 2.0   
 LinkedIn 
  Twitter 
  Facebook 
    
  Related Posts  
   Interview with Professor Paul Glendinning FRSE FIMA    
   Employers Forum - AI, automation and mathematics in…    
   IMA Maths in Music Conference    

 Published 1st February 2023     

 Important Links  
 IMA Statement on Coronavirus/COVID-19 
  IMA Statement on Behaviour at Events 
  To list an event please | Contact Us | . 
  Join the IMA 

 Latest News   
     
 Rethinking Assessment in The Mathematical Sciences in Times of Generative AI   

 Challenges in Modelling Infectious Disease Outbreaks   

 National Mentoring Day   

 David Crighton Medal 2025: Call for Nominations   

 IMA David Youdan Medal Lecture and Awards Evening   

 Upcoming Events >>   
 27 Nov 2024  IMA David Youdan Medal Lecture and Awards Evening  

 9 Dec 2024  ECM VMT: Lifelong Mathematics Learning in Industry  

 11 Dec 2024  Christmas Lecture: Art-Design In The Automotive Industry  

 Become A Member  
 Mathematics Today subscription, member discounts and networking.  
 Join Today    

 Contact Us >>   
  Institute of Mathematics & its Applications   Catherine Richards House, 16 Nelson Street,  Southend-on-Sea,  Essex,  SS1 1EF   +44 (0)1702 354020     
 Branches details >>    
  
 IMA Membership >>   
 Membership Information 
  Why Join? 
  About Us >>   
 T&Cs 
  Support the IMA 
  Purchases and Refunds 
  Data Protection 
   
 Upcoming Events >>   
 27 Nov 2024  IMA David Youdan Medal Lecture and Awards Evening  

 9 Dec 2024  ECM VMT: Lifelong Mathematics Learning in Industry  

 11 Dec 2024  Christmas Lecture: Art-Design In The Automotive Industry  

 © 2024 IMA. All Rights Reserved. Site by Measured Designs  .  

 The IMA uses cookies to help us follow browsing preferences on our site and enable more advanced features on our website. Please view our cookie policy.  I accept  Privacy policy      
   
 The IMA uses cookies to help us follow browsing preferences on our site and enable more advanced features on our website. Please view our cookie policy.  I accept  Privacy policy