Skip to content       

 Home 
  Conference | Conference Venue 
  Conference Schedule 
  Organizing Committee 
  Call For Participation | Papers 
  Student Research Consortium 
  Student Design Consortium 
  Courses 
  Workshops 
  Posters and Demos 
  Industry Presentations & Case Studies 
  Arts Track 
  Women in HCI 
  For Attendees | Conference Schedule 
  Registration Details 
  Accommodation 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Featured Courses 
  Featured Workshops 
  Flying Unicorn Startup Track 

  India HCI 2023     

 Home 
  Conference | Conference Venue 
  Conference Schedule 
  Organizing Committee 
  Call For Participation | Papers 
  Student Research Consortium 
  Student Design Consortium 
  Courses 
  Workshops 
  Posters and Demos 
  Industry Presentations & Case Studies 
  Arts Track 
  Women in HCI 
  For Attendees | Conference Schedule 
  Registration Details 
  Accommodation 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Featured Courses 
  Featured Workshops 
  Flying Unicorn Startup Track 

 registration      

 Papers  

 Paper Chairs  

 Anirudha Joshi  

 IIT Bombay  

 Gavin Sim  

 University of Central Lancashire   

 Call for Papers  

 Extended Paper Submission Deadline (July 13, 2023) is Closed   
    
 India HCI 2023 is the 14th edition of the international conference series on Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) Design and Research. Sponsored by the HCI Professionals Association of India and in cooperation with ACM’s special interest group on computer-human interaction (SIGCHI), India HCI brings together researchers and practitioners from diverse areas that include traditional graphical & web user interfaces, tangible & ubiquitous computing virtual & augmented reality, multimedia, new input & output devices, computer games, privacy, security, visualisation, health, accessibility and ageing, design, user modelling, engineering interactive systems, ICT for development, CSCW, and more. India HCI provides a special spotlight on papers that are relevant to South Asia, including those related to culture, language, socio-economic situations, and the industry from the region. The intimate size, single track, and comfortable surroundings make this conference an ideal opportunity to exchange research results and implementation experiences.  
 Accepted papers will be published in the India HCI 2023 Conference Proceedings and will be included in the ACM Digital Library.  
 To submit, see the  India HCI Electronic Submission site  .   

 Papers   
 India HCI 2023 is the 14th edition of the international conference series on Human-Computer Interaction. Papers are the main medium for conveying new research results at India HCI. Submissions are sought that describe original unpublished work generally in the field of HCI. India HCI uses an anonymous submission process (similar to CHI) for paper submissions. Please consult the India HCI ‘23 Author’s Guide  for information on the ACM Paper Format (also mentioned below) and conference policies on previous and simultaneous publications. To preserve anonymity during review, the authors must remove their names and affiliations from the manuscript  . If authors have conducted relevant prior work, they must cite it appropriately while also referring to this work in third person. Authors can revise their submissions based on the reviews they receive, prior to submitting their camera-ready manuscripts. Until the camera-readies have been checked off by the programme committee, these must be considered conditionally accepted.  

 Topics of relevance include but are not limited to:   
   
 The organising committee invites submissions of research papers in all areas of HCI design. This includes all dimensions, e.g., people, product, tools, processes, and industrial applications, with research results contributing to its understanding and support. Significantly novel enabling technologies such as innovative input devices, displays, new interaction techniques, or new media that extend the boundaries of traditional interaction, such as natural user interfaces and interactions, mixed reality, mobile interaction, computer games, health, accessibility, ageing, user modelling.  

 User studies that engage qualitative research methods and/or offer critical perspectives on technology design, deployment, and/or use. 
  Engineering interactive systems design, ubiquitous computing (including wearables), social software, ICT for development (ICTD), and computer-supported collaborative work (CSCW). 
  Innovative user interfaces for difficult interaction contexts or challenging applications. Examples include managing large, complex information sets, usable privacy and security, multi-user interaction, crowdsourcing, automotive user experiences and in-vehicle interactions (devices and interface automation, instrumentation evaluation, interactive systems, benchmarking driver performance and behaviour), or techniques that span devices distributed in time and space. 
  Breakthrough user experiences leveraging techniques such as machine learning, computer vision, computer graphics, speech processing, networking, or human perception and cognition (e.g., analysing driver distractions). 
  Innovative software architectures, design tools, toolkits, programming systems and development environments that support the development and use of the above technologies in user interfaces. 
  User studies that engage qualitative research methods and/or offer critical perspectives on technology design, deployment, and/or use. 

 Few research tracks details are listed below, but not limited to:   
 D esign for User Experience and Usability   
 Design methods and techniques 
  Evaluation Methods and Techniques 
  UX (User Experience) and User Interface Design 
  HCI in Industry and Business 
  Design Thinking 
  Human-Centered Design and User-Centered Design 
  Heuristics and Guidelines for Design 
  Ergonomics/ human factors 
  Psychology, Cognition, and Social Sciences 
  Service Design 
  Design for Immersive Environment and Interactions  
    
 Virtual reality/ Augmented reality/ Mixed reality 
  Locomotion, orientation and navigation in immersive environment 
  Challenges and issues with immersive environment 
  Human factors 
  Multimodal interactions 
  Human-robot interactions and collaboration 
  Gesture/ tangible/ tactile/ haptic based interaction design 
  NUI (natural interaction design) 
  Child-Computer interaction 
  Design for Art, Cultural and Humanity   
 Creative art and traditional culture preservation 
  Cultural differences and HCI 
  Gender and HCI design 
  Digital humanities 
  Internationalisation, globalisation and localization 
  Interface for disabled and senior people 
  Interface for children and infants 
  HCI for Games/ Entertainment Computing/ Creative Computation   
 Edutainment /Education games 
  Video games 
  Mobile games 
  Social network games 
  Multiplayer games /MMORPGs 
  VR/ AR games 
  Therapeutic games 
  Digital games/Online games 
  Game enjoyment/addiction 
  Player personality, characteristics and demographics 
  Gender and games 
  Game and flow /Game immersion 
  Creative Support Tools 
  HCI for Enabling Creativity 
  Interactive Art Installations 
  Design for Indian Knowledge System and Social Organisation   
 Design methods, design models and evaluation of knowledge system 
  Wellbeing, health, and education 
  Digital inequality in HCI 
  Information design for social cause 
  Remote work and productivity 
  Learning pedagogy and education system 
  Social design 
  Geopolitics and HCI 
  HCI in Society 5.0 
  Design for Digital Learning and Creativity   
 Creativity and HCI 
  e-Learning and distant learning 
  Gamification 
  Collaborative and hybrid learning 
  Cognitive and affective computing in design 
  Design for HCI Applications (not limited to)   
 Smart factory 
  Consumer products and experience 
  Education 
  Games and sports 
  Entertainment and animation 
  Healthcare and medical 
  Automobile UI 
  HCI for Creativity/ Creativity in HCI/ Creativity and HCI 
  Web 3.0/ Metaverse/ AR/VR/MR/ Avatar Psychology 
  A ll papers should be submitted electronically to  India HCI Electronic Submission site  by  July 13,  2023.   

 Paper Length   
 To be considered Full Papers, contributions should be more than six pages long (single column template). There is no hard page limit, but long papers without a proportional contribution are more likely to be rejected. Previous papers (if converted to the new ACM single-column format) would have run 14-18 pages in length.  

 Videos   
 Videos accompanying submissions can be submitted through the India HCI EasyChair Electronic Submission Site as supplementary material (max 100 MB in size). Although papers must stand on their own, submitted videos will be available to reviewers as supporting material. Authors should note that no specific guidelines are given for developing a video. Videos are viewed only as supporting material, and authors of accepted papers will have the opportunity to prepare a more polished final video presentation for inclusion in the proceedings and as supplemental material in the ACM Digital Library. Authors should note that videos too need to maintain anonymity for the review process. Authors are free to update the video once their submission is accepted, if they wish to disclose themselves in the videos.  
 When submitting your video for review, please encode your video in a format that works across as many platforms as possible without the installation of additional codecs. Please note that the total aggregate size for a submission must not exceed 100 MBytes (including all documents and additional material).  

 Reviewing Process   
 Each paper will be subjected to rigorous review by two Associate Chairs (from the programme committee) and two external reviewers (experts in the area that are not on the committee). Contact authors will be sent the initial reviews for their papers by August 9, 2023  . Authors will have an opportunity to submit a 500-word rebuttal to answer questions or clarify misunderstandings of reviewers by August 16, 2023  . The final decision for accepting or rejecting a paper will be done in a PC meeting, after which the authors will be notified of the decisions by August 25, 2023  .  
 All acceptances will be conditional pending changes that the papers committee may suggest or require for the final camera-ready draft of the paper. The primary author of each accepted paper will receive detailed instructions on how to submit a final, publication-ready version of the paper. The paper will not be formally accepted to India HCI until authors revise it and submit a final draft for approval by the programme committee. Some submissions may be asked to undergo a more intense shepherding process in order to bring them to the standard required for India HCI. The deadline for submitting the “camera ready” version after all changes will be September 30, 2023  . Additionally, at least one author of each paper needs to register for the conference by this date.  
 Associate Chairs   
 Dipanjan Chakraborty, BITS Pilani, Hyderabad Campus 
  Jyoti Kumar, IIT Delhi 
  Malay Dhamelia, IIT Bombay 
  Siddharth Gulati, University of Manchester 
  Pranjal Borah, IIT Guwahati 
  Abhishek Shrivastava, IIT Guwahati 
  Pushpendra Singh, IIIT Delhi 
  Wricha Mishra, MIT ADT University 
  Nimmi Rangaswamy, IIT Hyderabad 
  Reviewers   
 Pallavi Rao, IIT Bombay 
  Pradeep Yammiyavar, IIT Guwahati 
  Susmita Sharma, IIT Bombay 
  Rosa Arriaga, Georgia Tech 
  Manjiri Joshi, Swansea University 
  Vijayanand Banahatti, Tata Consultancy Services 
  Saurabh Srivastava, Google 
  Mohit Jain, Microsoft Research 
  Advait Bhat, Microsoft Research 
  Khyati Priya, IIT Bombay 
  Swati Pal, IIT Bombay 
  Deepak Ranjan Padhi, IIT Bombay 

 ACM Paper Format   
 All authors should submit manuscripts in the ACM Paper Format using Microsoft Word Template, LaTeX Template, or Overleaf. [Please note that the Microsoft Word Template contains invisible meta-tags related to the paper format and structure. While writing the paper, authors are requested to add their content without altering any format and structure of the template.]  
 Authors’ Guide   

 Important Dates   
 July 13, 2023: Papers due (extended) 
  August 9, 2023: Authors will receive initial reviews of their papers 
  August 16, 2023: Rebuttals due 
  August 25, 2023: Authors will be notified of the decision and get final reviews 
  September 17, 2023: Paper needing shepherding decisions 
  September 30, 2023: Final camera-ready papers are due, and at least one author must register for the conference 
  (All deadlines close at 23:59 IST)   

 © 2024 India HCI 2023. Created using WordPress