INDOCRYPT 2023   

 Toggle navigation        
 HOME 
  Technical Program | Program Schedule 
  Call for Rump Session 
  Call for Papers 
  Committee | Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Registration (CLOSED) 
  Speakers | Keynote Speakers 
  Speakers @ Workshop on “Quantum Effects on Digital Trust” 
  Tutorial Speakers 
  Accommodation 
  Venue 
  Contact 

 CALL FOR PAPERS  
  Indocrypt 2023 is the 24 th  International Conference on Cryptology in India. It will take place during 10 th  – 13 th  December, 2023. Indocrypt 2023 is part of the Indocrypt series organised under the aegis of Cryptology Research Society of India (CRSI), and this edition will be held at Birla Technology and Science Pilani (BITS), K K Birla Goa Campus. The conference website is accessible at https://crsind.in/indocrypt-2023/   
 Original papers on all technical aspects of cryptology are solicited for submission to Indocrypt 2023. We welcome submissions on all aspects of cryptography including but not limited to: foundations, new primitives, cryptanalysis, security models, implementation aspects, protocols, and applications. Submissions on cryptographic aspects of network security, complexity theory, information theory, neural networks, coding theory, number theory, and quantum computing will also be considered.  
   
 Timeline:    
 All deadlines correspond to 23:59:59 Anywhere on Earth (UTC-12).  
 Abstract submission deadline: | 07/09/2023 | 11/09/2023 
  Full Paper submission deadline: | 07/09/2023 | 11/09/2023 
  Notification to authors: | 15/10/2023 | 17/10/2023 
  Final manuscripts due: | 25/10/2023 | 31/10/2023 
   
 Instructions for authors:    
 Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that any of the authors has published elsewhere or make use of any generative AI or has submitted in parallel to any journal or any other conference or workshop with formally published proceedings. Authors may also not submit the work to any other journal or conference/workshop with published proceedings until the date of notification. Accepted submissions may not appear in any other conference or workshop that has proceedings. Information about submissions may be shared with programme chairs of other conferences for the purpose of detecting duplication.  
  
 Submissions must be processed in LaTeX2e and must use the Springer LNCS format with default margins and font. Submissions must be anonymous, with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgements, or obvious references. Each submission must begin with a title, a short abstract, and a list of key words, followed by a main body, appendices (if any), and references. The main body should begin with an introduction that summarizes the contributions of the paper at a level appropriate for a non-specialist reader. The length of the paper, including appendices (if any) and excluding references should not exceed 20 pages when formatted using the LNCS style  . If the authors include appendices, they should be placed after the main body and before the references.  
 Submissions not meeting these requirements risk rejection without consideration of their merits.    
 Optionally, additional supporting material can be appended to the submission. The additional supporting material should be placed after the references, it should be well-marked, and it has no prescribed form or page limit. Alternatively, the supporting material can be submitted as a separate file. Authors are encouraged to use this space to include proofs, source code, and other information allowing verification of results; unverifiable papers risk rejection. However, committee members will read the additional supporting material at their discretion, so the submission should be intelligible and self-contained without it.  
 The proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. The final versions of the accepted papers will have a page limit of 20 pages (including appendices (if any) and excluding references). Thus, the submitted paper should represent what the authors expect to finally publish. All accepted papers must conform to the Springer publishing requirements, and authors will be required to sign the Springer’s LNCS Copyright form when submitting the proceedings version of their paper. By submitting a paper, the authors agree that if the paper is accepted, one of the authors will present the paper at the conference.  
 Papers must be submitted electronically in PDF format.   

  Procedure for submission:   [Easychair Link]    

  Conflict of Interest:    
 The authors of each submission are asked during the submission process to identify all members of the Program Committee who have an automatic conflict of interest (COI) with the submission. A reviewer and an author have an automatic COI if one was the thesis advisor/supervisor of the other, or if they’ve shared an institutional affiliation within the last two years, or if they’ve published two or more joint authored works within the last three years, or if they are in the same family. Any further COIs of importance should be separately disclosed. It is the responsibility of all authors to ensure correct reporting of COI information. Submissions with incorrect or incomplete COI information may be rejected without consideration of their merits.  
   
 Technical Program Committee Chairs:    
   
 Anupam Chattopadhyay, NTU, Singapore  
 Stjepan Picek, Radboud University, Netherlands  
 Shivam Bhasin, Temasek Labs, NTU, Singapore  
 Chester Rebeiro, IIT Madras, India