Encyclopedia 
  Scholarly Community  Encyclopedia 
    
 Entry 
  Video 
  Image 
  Journal 
  Book 
  News 
  About 
   Log in/Sign up 
   Submit | Entry 
  Video 
  Image 

  Submitted Successfully!   
   To reward your contribution, here is a gift for you: A free trial for our video production service  .   
 Share to social media   +1 point    

 Thank you for your contribution! You can also upload a video entry  or images  related to this topic.   
   
 ×     
               
 ×     
  
 Version | Summary | Created by | Modification | Content Size | Created at | Operation 
 1 | handwiki | Dean Liu | -- | 3636 | 2022-09-30 01:44:35 |  

 ×     
 Video Upload Options  
 We provide professional Video Production Services to translate complex research into visually appealing presentations. Would you like to try it?   
 No, upload directly  Yes    
 ×     
 Confirm  
 Are you sure to Delete?   
 Yes  No    
 ×     
   Cite   
 If you have any further questions, please contact Encyclopedia Editorial Office.    
 Select a Style   MDPI and ACS Style 
  MDPI and ACS Style 
  AMA Style 
  Chicago Style 
  APA Style 
  MLA Style 
     
 HandWiki. Informing Science. Encyclopedia. Available online: https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/28151 (accessed on 25 November 2024).   
 HandWiki. Informing Science. Encyclopedia. Available at: https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/28151. Accessed November 25, 2024.   
 HandWiki. "Informing Science" Encyclopedia  , https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/28151 (accessed November 25, 2024).   
 HandWiki. (2022, September 30). Informing Science. In Encyclopedia  . https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/28151   
 HandWiki. "Informing Science." Encyclopedia  . Web. 30 September, 2022.   
   
    Copy Citation   
   
 ×     
   
 Home  Entry  Topic Review  Current:  Informing Science   

 Informing Science    Edit    
 The content is sourced from: https://handwiki.org/wiki/Informing_science    

 0 
  0 
  0 
     Informing science is a transdiscipline that was established to promote the study of informing processes across a diverse set of academic disciplines, including management information systems, education, business, instructional technology, computer science, communications, psychology, philosophy, library science, information science and many others. Its principal unit of analysis is the informing system, a collection of informers, clients, and channels that has been designed or has evolved to serve a particular informing need. The organization created to advance the informing science transdiscipline is the Informing Science Institute (ISI), whose founder, Eli Cohen, proposed the need for the field in his article "Reconceptualizing Information Systems as a Field of the Transdiscipline Informing Science: From Ugly Duckling to Swan" (Cohen, 1999). The ISI presently hosts an annual conference (Informing Science & Information Technology Education (InSITE)), publishes thirteen academic journals, and—through its Informing Science Press—has published dozens of books. Both its journals and books are open access at no cost online, as well as being available for purchase in print form.  
   
 information science  open access  transdiscipline    
   
 1. History   
 Informing science came into being as a transdiscipline around 1998. During that year, two key events occurred. The seminal article that defined the field (Cohen, 1999) was accepted for publication and the field's flagship journal-- Informing Science: The International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline  —was launched.  
 The theme of Cohen's (1999) article was relatively simple, and resonated with many in the global academic community. In brief, he argued that many different disciplines are studying the same types of issues: teaching programming, communicating effectively, designing systems to provide information to clients, and so forth, as illustrated in Table 1. This situation was not only inefficient from a research standpoint, but it also tended to promote research silos in which researchers from one discipline were unable to benefit from the research of colleagues in other disciplines. In the long run, he asserted that such a situation would be highly deleterious to our overall understanding of these processes. He expressed particular concern with the situation in his own research discipline, management information systems  , which was already becoming fragmented and increasingly irrelevant to practice.  
  
 Informing Discipline | Client to be Informed 
 Information Systems | Workers in a Firm, Managers 
 Information Science | Library patron 
 Journalism | Reader/Viewer/Listener 
 Public Relations | Public 
 Secretarial/Office Systems | Office Workers 
  
 What Cohen proposed as an antidote to this situation was the establishment of an interdisciplinary community of researchers described as follows:  
 The fields that comprise the discipline of Informing Science provide  their clientele  with information  in a form  , format  and schedule  that maximizes its effectiveness (Cohen, 1999, p. 215)   During its earliest years, the informing science discipline was particularly focused on issues related to management information systems and information/library science—the fields from which many of its researchers originated. Over time, however, instructional technology became an important area of research, leading to the establishment of additional journals in the informing science in the education and instructional technology areas. In recent years, an effort has been made to further broaden the field. In 2009, the collection Foundations of Informing Science  (Gill & Cohen, 2009) was published, including both seminal articles from its journals and new contributions. The collection included chapters related to economics, decision theory, political science, education, design, complexity science, and mining. Currently, the informing science field is encouraging interest in research that is not necessarily related to technology. In a keynote address given at InSITE 2011 by T. Grandon Gill, the editor-in-chief of the journal Informing Science, proposed that the field could be described as follows:  
 Informing Science  is the transdisciplinary study of systems that employ information to impact clientele   In that same address, a number of areas meriting additional research were proposed. These included:  
 Greater emphasis on informing systems that evolve, as opposed to those that are created by design 
  Study of informing through non-symbolic means, such as body language and music, as well as through language and the exchange of coded data 
  Paying greater attention to the topologies of informing systems as opposed to emphasizing Sender → Receiver communications models whose roots go back to Claude Shannon (Shannon & Weaver, 1949) 
  Obstacles to informing, such as bias and heuristics, that are particularly challenging when human clients are involved 
  The relationship of informing systems structure and the complexity of the message being conveyed 
  2. Informing Systems   
 The basic unit of analysis for informing science is the informing system. According to the original Cohen (1999) article, such systems consist of three components: an informing environment  , a delivery system  and a task completion system  , as shown in Figure 1:  
    
 Figure 1:  Informing Science Framework (Gill & Cohen, 1999, p. 14). By Grandon.Gill - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=16232225   

 The delivery system  represented the combination of technological and non-technological elements that comprised the communications channel. The informing environment  represented the system components of the system on the informer's (sender's) side. The task completion system  involved the components of the system related to the client (user, receiver) of the information. This particular conception, illustrated in Figure 2, allowed the model map well to Shannon's communication model.  
    
 Figure 2:  The basic informing system model (Gill & Bhattacherjee, 2007, p. 18). By Grandon.Gill - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=16232432   

 2.1. Topology of Informing Systems   
 While the basic model did, and still does, serve as a useful unit of analysis, it was pointed out that "real world" informing systems come in many topologies, as illustrated in Figure 3.  
    
 Figure 3:  Examples of informing system issues frequently encountered in real world systems (Gill & Bhattacherjee, 2007, p. 19). By Grandon.Gill - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=16232495   

 Among the variations of systems listed are the following (Gill & Bhattacherjee, 2007, p. 19):  
 Sender and client components are rarely homogeneous. Rather, senders consist of complex informing environments that involve subsystems that may, themselves, be informing systems. The same can be said of clients... 
  Senders may be members of multiple informing systems that inform different clients. Drucker (1989), for example, refers to the inherent tension that knowledge workers experience as they divide their loyalties between profession (e.g., accounting, law, medicine) and the organization that employs them. 
  Multiple senders may compete to inform the same client. For example different departments(disciplines) may compete for the same set of students; doctors from different specialties may compete to diagnose the same patients, etc. 
  Multiple communications pathways may be utilized within the same informing system. For example, an advertising campaign may involve the use of print, broadcast and web-based media in order to reach its entire client base. 
  Multiple clients may be informed by the same sender, and may have to compete for that sender's attention. For example, a patient may find his or her case is neglected as a consequence of the attention a doctor pays to the needs of other patients. 
  Clients may, themselves, serve as part of an extended informing system. For example, a company may depend heavily on "word of mouth" advertising to gain new clients. 
  2.2. Construction of Informing Systems   
 Given the field's origins in management information systems (MIS) research, it is not unexpected that early investigations into, and conceptualizations of, the development of informing systems tended to rely heavily on technology-based experienced. Cohen (1999), for example, viewed informing systems as having three levels:  
 The | informing instance | level, where actual informing activities took place. 
  The | construction | level, at which new informing instances were created according to the prevailing design templates. 
  The | design | level, at which new architectures for informing were realized. 
  As examples, he proposed (Cohen, 1999, p. 217):  
 (1) teaching a course someone else has designed, (2) designing a course that will be taught by others, and (3) creating a new curriculum. A business example is (1) using an existing transaction processing system (TPS), (2) creating a TPS following general design rules, and (3) creating a new type of TPS.      
 Figure 4:  Parallel informing systems with multiple levels having overlapping clients (Gill & Bhattacherjes, 2007, p. 23). By Grandon.Gill - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=16264061   

 As illustrated in Figure 4, Gill and Bhattacherjee (2007) further expanded the concept with the example of academic informing systems, which can be described in terms of two related informing systems that share many of the same clients. The disciplinary system  represents the research field with which faculty members and departments are aligned. The institutional system  represents the activities of the college or university, primarily focused on informing student clients. In subsequent publications (e.g., Gill, 2009a), informing science researchers have also begun to address the issue of how such systems can evolve, as opposed to being a pure product of design. The importance of understanding these informal processes for informing system development—even for IT-based systems—has been underscored by the rapid acceptance of technologies such as social media. There is little question that users have adapted these technologies for their own informing purposes in ways far beyond those anticipated by the original designers of the systems.  
 3. Informing Science Research   
 In informing science, the term transdiscipline  refers to the idea that a common problem—in this case the challenges presented by informing  --may benefit from the diversity of insights and perspectives offered by multiple disciplines, sometimes referred to as the component disciplines  or client disciplines  of informing science. To foster such a collaboration among researchers, however, requires extending the notion of what constitutes "research". It has also led to the development of a number of parallel research streams.  
 3.1. Extending the Definition of Research   
 In an open letter to the informing science community describing the types of research appropriate for the field, the Editor-in-Chief of Informing Science: The International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline  T. Grandon Gill made the following statement (Gill, 2009b, p. vi):  
 The transdisciplinary character of InformSciJ requires that we be willing to publish a broad array of contributions. In many of our client fields, most published research contributions can be characterized as either theory-building or theory-testing. While submissions of this type are, of course, encouraged, we will also consider a broader range of contributions, including: Synthesis | : An existing body of theory and observations are organized into a more cohesive whole. A literature review may fall into this category, but only if it attempts to propose a novel systematic organization for the existing literature. 
  Illustration | : The meaning or implications of a particular theory are explained and clarified through an illustrative example. In the business literature, for example, nearly all practitioner-directed publications use this technique extensively. 
  Unexplained Observation | : A rich observation, often having properties not well explained with existing theory, that is offered without serious attempt to incorporate it into theory. It is interesting to note that while research of the form “I observed this but I can’t explain it” would be nearly impossible to publish in any social science journal known to me, such anomalous observations often form the basis for scientific revolution (Kuhn, 1970)—such as the Michelson Morley experiment, which paved the way for Einstein’s special relativity. 
   We must never forget that our transdisciplinary mission demands that we view facilitating informing across the client disciplines as an important form of research. Providing a reader in one discipline with a novel perspective—even if that perspective is not necessarily novel in the discipline of the author—is a necessary part of transdisciplinary knowledge creation.   As a consequence of this expanded view of research, the journals and conferences sponsored by the ISI cover a very broad array of topics, research methods and styles of presentation.  
 3.2. Research Themes in Informing Science   
 Although much of the research in informing science does not fit within simple categories, there have been a number of themes that have captured the particular interest of researchers in the field. These include:  
 The nature of information and informing: | Beginning with a special issue on information science research (Spink, 2000), the ambiguity associated with the use of terms such as | information | , | data | and | knowledge | in different disciplines has been a frequent topic (e.g., Callaos & Callaos, 2002; Knox, 2009). 
  The nature of complexity and its impact on informing: | Efforts have been made both to define complexity more clearly (e.g., Gill & Hicks, 2006) and to better understand its impact on informing processes (e.g., Gill & Cohen, 2008). 
  Bridging the gap between research a practice: | Launched by another special issue (Fitzgerald, 2003), this topic of why academic research is so often ignored by practice has been frequently explored (e.g. Gill & Bhattacherjee, 2007) and is one where the informing science perspective has also started to gain practice in client disciplines (e.g., Myers et al., 2011). 
  The impact of content delivery (e.g., multimedia, web) on informing processes: | Examples include investigations of multimedia (e.g., Sharda, 2005), eLearning (e.g., Sarker & Nicholson, 2005) and adapting channels to highly restrictive informing environments (e.g., Spasic & Nesic, 2009). 
  Impact of bias, misinformation and disinformation on informing processes: | Both theoretical and practical research has been devoted to understanding the role played by bias (e.g., Jamieson & Hyland, 2006), misinformation (Bednar and Welch, 2008; Christozov, Chukova and Mateev, 2009) and deception (e.g., Hutchinson, 2006) in informing processes. 
  The role of adaptation in informing system design and construction: | Moving away from traditional MIS design models, such as the systems development lifecycle (SDLC), researchers have proposed drawing upon alternative metaphors, such as the double helix (e.g., Nissen, Bednar, & Welch, 2007), co-evolution (e.g., Pahl & Newnes, 2007), approaches grounded in philosophy (e.g., Bednar & Welch, 2009), and integrationist approaches such as the informing view of organization that bridges the MIS, and organization theory (Travica, 2014). 
  The need to broaden approaches to research within client disciplines: | Noting that positivist, empirical research methods do not necessarily yield useful results in many client disciplines, many researchers have proposed alternative approaches (e.g., Mende, 2005; Gill, 2011). 
  Consistent with its roots in the MIS and education client disciplines, many articles published in Informing Science: The International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline  represent the types of research that might also be publishable within the client disciplines themselves. By 2010, however, the editorial policy had evolved. The Editor-in-Chief of the journal commented on the current state of policy in the following statement (Gill, 2010, p. v):  
 We also continue to publish work from many different disciplines and, particularly welcome, see that many of our articles represent collaborations between authors coming from different disci-plines. Such broad representation and collaboration is the lifeblood of a transdiscipline. It is all too easy for a journal to gravitate towards a particular perspective on research. It is heartening to see that the authors submitting their work to InformSciJ are resisting that tendency.   I am also happy to report that the linkage between our research and the general problem of “informing” has grown much tighter over the past two years. While there was a time when Inform-SciJ would publish almost any high quality submission from its contributing disciplines (e.g., MIS, education, communications, philosophy, instructional technology), that is no longer the case. Today, every article we publish identifies how its topic relates to informing. I will admit that, in the past, I have been somewhat heavy-handed in enforcing that such a linkage be present. Recently, however, I have found authors increasingly taking it upon themselves to relate their findings to informing without my intervention. While the journal has missed the opportunity to publish some excellent work as a result, I am convinced that our long term interests are best served by being true to the central problem that we are studying.   As a consequence of the gradual adoption of this policy, recent volumes of the journal have become both slimmer and size and more directly focused on the journal's mission.  
 4. Informing Science Institute   
 The principal organizing body for the informing science transdiscipline is the Informing Science Institute  (ISI). According to a recent article (Murphy, in press):  
 Since its inception, it has published approximately 4,150 articles by over 4,500 authors from over 600 universities all across the globe.      
 Figure 5:  The activities of the Informing Science Institute  represented as an informing system (Murphy, 2011, p. 94). By Grandon.Gill - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=16232722   

 In that same article, the ISI's activities are described in informing system terms. These are illustrated in Figure 5. The ISI engages in a broad range of informing activities in support of the informing science transdiscipline. These include journal publications, organizing conferences, publishing books and offering services to members.  
 4.1. Journals   
 The ISI currently publishes thirteen journals, though two of these journals now function as passive repositories. Three of its journals are published in collaboration with other institutions. See Table 2 for a list of journals currently published solely by the ISI. These journals cover several common themes that have been established by the ISI. These include:  
 Free open access to the online version of every article is available as soon as each article is accepted for final publication and appropriately formatted 
  Articles are published under a Creative Commons license, allowing others to freely use their content (with proper attribution) 
  Printed volumes are produced and made available for sale at the end of each year 
  Double blind peer review is employed. Editors are required to make mentorship of both authors and reviewers a high priority throughout the review process, however. 
   
 Title | Specialization/Mission | Authors through 2019 | Articles through 2019 | Institutions through 2019 | Year Founded 
 1. Informing Science: The International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline | The flagship journal of the ISI, focusing on theory and practice of informing | 447 | 596 | 153 | 1998 
 2. Journal of Information Technology Education: Research | Serves the informational technology education audience on research-based issues | 845 | 978 | 328 | 2002 
 3. Journal of Information Technology Education: Innovations in Practice | Serves the informational technology education audience on issues in innovations in practice | 324 | 141 | 167 | 2002 
 4. Journal for the Study of Postsecondary and Tertiary Education | Considers issues in the advancement of higher and postsecondary education | 115 | 141 | 76 | 2016 
 5. Interdisciplinary Journal of E-Skills and Lifelong Learning | Considers instructional technology issues of informing | 433 | 619 | 162 | 2005 
 6. Interdisciplinary Journal of Information, Knowledge, and Management | Considers information and technology in organizations | 402 | 479 | 212 | 2006 
 7. International Journal of Doctoral Studies | Considers issues with informing doctoral students | 510 | 610 | 256 | 2006 
 8. Issues in Informing Science and Information Technology Journal | Covers IT in all other disciplines | 821 | 1294 | 250 | 2004 
  
 The Informing Science Institute also includes two journals that now function as passive repositories: Informing Faculty  and Journal of Information Technology: Discussion Cases  (JITE:DC). Informing Faculty  is a repository for discussion cases pertaining to challenges faced by faculty and administrators in higher education. JITE:DC is a repository for discussion cases in which information technology plays a key role in decision-making challenges (Murphy, in press).  
 Additionally, the Informing Science Institute publishes three partner journals in collaboration with other institutions.  
    
 Figure 6:  ISI Authorship by Country (Murphy, in press). By NSB123 - Own work, CC BY-SA 4.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=90204699   

 These are Muma Case Review  , Muma Business Review  , and International Journal of Community Development and Management Studies  . Partner journals agree to abide by the ISI's high standards for the treatment of authors and reviewers, but handle their own paper formatting and printing.  
 The ISI family of journals is also somewhat unusual for a U.S.-head quartered research publication in that a large percentage of its journals' editors and authors are situated outside of the United States. As shown in Figure 6, only about a third of its authors have been affiliated with U.S. academic institutions.  
 4.2. InSITE Conferences   
 One of the principal vehicles through which ISI informs its membership is through its Informing Science and IT Education  conferences, held at a different location during June of every year since 2001. Attendance is typically around 150 participants. Conferences to date have been located as follows (Informing Science Institute, 2020):  
 InSITE 2020 | - Online 
  InSITE 2019 - | Jerusalem, Israel 
  InSITE 2018 - | La Verne, California 
  InSITE 2017 - | Ho Chi Minh, Viet Nam 
  InSITE 2016 | - Vilnius, Lithuania 
  InSITE 2015 | - Tampa, Florida, USA 
  InSITE 2014 | - Wollongong, Australia 
  InSITE 2013 | - Porto, Portugal 
  InSITE 2012 | - Montreal, Canada 
  InSITE 2011 | - Novi Sad, Serbia 
  InSITE 2010 | - Cassino, Italy 
  InSITE 2009 | - Macon, Georgia, USA 
  InSITE 2008 | - Varna, Bulgaria 
  InSITE 2007 | - Ljubljana, Slovenia 
  InSITE 2006 | - Greater Manchester, England 
  InSITE 2005 | - Flagstaff, Arizona, USA 
  InSITE 2004 | - Rockhampton, Australia 
  InSITE 2003 | - Pori, Finland 
  InSITE 2002 | - Cork, Ireland 
  InSITE 2001 | - Kraków, Poland 
  Past conferences have included four primary tracks (Murphy, 2011, p. 117-118):  
 InSITE: Connect | consists of study in various locations on the transmission of information across time and across space. Connect focuses on the interrelationship between context (his-torical forces and culture) and information and knowledge transfer. 
  InSITE: Inform | solicits papers in any area that explores issues in effectively and efficiently informing clients through information technology (IT). 
  InSITE: TeachIT | focuses on research topics related to teaching IT, including curricular is-sues, capstone courses, pedagogy, and emerging topics in IT. 
  InSITE: TeLE | focuses on research topics related to using IT to teach. For example, these topics include e-Learning, m-Learning, making classroom teaching more effective, and distance learning. 
  ISI has instituted a "fast track" process for article submissions to InSITE conferences. After all conference submissions have been reviewed, the editor-in-chiefs of ISI's seven journals identify articles that are of particularly high quality and are also a good fit with the journal's mission. Authors of these articles are then offered the opportunity to revise their submission for publication in the journal rather than in the conference proceedings.  
 4.3. Informing Science Press   
 The Informing Science Press  is the publishing arm of the ISI and has published over 50 books, which are all available online for free on Google Books and are also available for purchase. Its catalog of books encompasses a wide range of subjects.  
 Topics covered by books published by the ISI press include, but are not limited to:  
 IT education 
  Instructional Technology 
  Informing Science 
  Informing Theory 
  Table 3 shows a list of topics on which books were published from the inception of the Informing Science Press through 2009.  
  
 Book Subject | Number 
 Education | 15 
 e-learning | 13 
 Informing Theory | 12 
 Applied IS/IT | 11 
 Knowledge Objects | 6 
 Knowledge Management | 4 
 Multimedia | 3 
 Internationalization | 1 
 Open-Source |  

 ©Text is available under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons-Attribution ShareAlike (CC BY-SA)  license; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms and Conditions  and Privacy Policy  .   
   
   Upload a video for this entry   
    
 Information   
 Subjects:  Computer Science, Information Systems     
 Contributor   MDPI registered users' name will be linked to their SciProfiles pages. To register with us, please refer to https://encyclopedia.pub/register     :  HandWiki    

 View Times:  935    
 Entry Collection:  HandWiki     
 Revision:  1 time  (View History)    
 Update Date:  30 Sep 2022    
   
 Table of Contents   

   1000  /1000   
   
 Submit   Cancel    

 Hot  Most Recent    

 Website Statistics   
 55,053  Entries    
 1.3K  Videos    
 16.9M+  Page Views    
   
 Subscribe                   

 About Encyclopedia   
 About 
  Advisory Board 
  Instructions for Users 
  Help 
  Contact 
  Partner 
    
 MDPI Initiatives   
 Sciforum 
  MDPI Books 
  Preprints.org 
  Scilit 
  SciProfiles 
  Encyclopedia 
  JAMS 
  Proceedings Series 

 © 2024 Encyclopedia is subsidized by MDPI  .   
 Disclaimer  Disclaimer/Publisher’s Note: The statements, opinions and data contained in all publications are solely those of the individual author(s) and contributor(s) and not of MDPI and/or the editor(s). MDPI and/or the editor(s) disclaim responsibility for any injury to people or property resulting from any ideas, methods, instructions or products referred to in the content.   
 Terms and Conditions  Private Policy    

 Entry 
  Video 
  Image 
  Journal 
  Book 
  News 
  About 
  Log in/Sign up 
  New Entry 
  New Video 
  New Images 

 About 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Privacy Policy 
  Advisory Board 
  Contact 
  Partner 

   ScholarVision Creations     
   Feedback    
   
   Top    

 Feedback  ×     
     
 Help Center   
 Browse our user manual, common Q&A, author guidelines, etc.   

 Rate your experience   
 Let us know your experience and what we could improve.   

 Report an error   
 Is something wrong? Please let us know!   

 Other feedback   
 Other feedback you would like to report.   

  ×     
 Did you find what you were looking for?   
   Love  
   
   Like  
   
   Neutral  
   
   Dislike  
   
   Hate  

  0  /500   

 Email   

 Do you agree to share your valuable feedback publicly on Encyclopedia  ’s homepage?   
  Yes, I agree. Encyclopedia can post it.    
  No, I do not agree. I would not like to post my testimonial.    

 Webpage   

 Upload a screenshot (Max file size 2MB)    

 Submit   
 Back   

 Close   
 ×