Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 IoTBDS 2023 will be held in conjunction with ICT4AWE 2023    , COMPLEXIS 2023    and FEMIB 2023    .   
  Registration to IoTBDS allows free access to the ICT4AWE, COMPLEXIS and FEMIB conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The internet of things (IoT) is a platform that allows a network of devices (sensors, smart meters, etc.) to communicate, analyze data and process information collaboratively in the service of individuals or organizations'. The IoT network can generate large amounts of data in a variety of formats and using different protocols which can be stored and processed in the cloud. The conference looks to address the issues surrounding IoT devices, their interconnectedness and services they may offer, including efficient, effective and secure analysis of the data IoT produces using machine learning and other advanced techniques, models and tools, and issues of security, privacy and trust that will emerge as IoT technologies mature and become part of our everyday lives.  
 Big Data (BD) has core values of volume, velocity, variety and veracity. After collecting much data from IoT, BD can be jointly used with machine learning, AI, statistical and other advanced techniques, models and methods, which can create values for people and organizations adopting it, since forecasting, deep analysis and analytics can help identify weaknesses and make improvements based on different analysis.  
 Maintaining a high level of security and privacy for data in IoT are crucial and we welcome recommendations, solutions, demonstrations and best practices for all forms of security and privacy for IoT and BD.  

 Research Examples    

 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Big Data Research   
  
  2  .  Emerging Services and Analytics   
  
  3  .  Internet of Things (IoT) Fundamentals   
  
  4  .  Internet of Things (IoT) Applications   
  
  5  .  Big Data for Multi-discipline Services   
  
  6  .  Security, Privacy and Trust   
  
  7  .  IoT Technologies   

  Conference Co-chairs    
 Péter Kacsuk  (honorary)  ,  MTA SZTAKI, Hungary   
  Victor Chang  ,  Aston Business School, Aston University, United Kingdom   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Gary B. Wills  ,  University of Southampton, United Kingdom   
  Levente Buttyán  ,  Budapest University of Technology and Economics, Hungary   

 PUBLICITY CHAIRS    
 Bernhard Heiden  ,  Carinthia University of Applied Sciences, Austria   
  Anna Kobusinska  ,  Poznan University of Technology, Poland   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Tamas Kiss  ,  University of Westminster, United Kingdom   
  Srdjan Capkun  ,  ETH Zurich, Switzerland   
  Serge Fdida  ,  Sorbonne Université, France   
  Giancarlo Fortino  ,  University Calabria, Italy   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of papers presented at the conference  
  venue will be selected for publication of extended  
  and revised versions in a special issue of  
   Springer's Journal of Grid Computing   

  A short list of papers presented at the conference  
  venue will be selected for publication of extended and  
  revised versions in a special issue of International  
  Journal of Organizational and Collective Intelligence   

  A short list of papers presented at the conference  
  venue will be selected for publication of extended  
  and revised versions in a special issue of Journal of  
  Global Information Management   

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for publication of extended and revised versions  
  in a special issue of the Decision Analytics Journal.   

  A short list of best papers will be invited for  
  publication of extended and revised versions  
  in a special issue of the Journal Expert Systems  .  

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC