Skip to content    

 Search for:      

 Faculty 
  Graduate Studies | Optimization Courses 
  Optimization Qualifying Exams 
  Projects 
  News 
  Resources 
  IPCO 2023 @ Madison 

 Search for:      

 IPCO 2023 @ Madison  
 Home    /  IPCO 2023 @ Madison     

 IPCO 2023 @ Madison  ppointer    2023-06-26T14:43:00-05:00      
 Registration now open!     

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Committees 
  Summer School 
  Program 
  Call for Posters 
  Accepted Posters 
  Travel & Accommodations 
  Local Information 
  Code of Conduct 
  Registration 
  Sponsors 
  Photos 
    
 Home 
    
 The 24th Conference on Integer Programming and Combinatorial Optimization  
 Submission deadline: November 6, 2022, 23:59 (CET)   
  Notifications: January 20, 2023   
  IPCO Summer School: June 19-20, 2023   
  IPCO Conference: June 21-23, 2023   
 The 24th Conference on Integer Programming and Combinatorial Optimization (IPCO XXIV) will take place on June 21–23, 2023 at the University of Wisconsin-Madison  , Madison (WI), USA. It will be organized by the Wisconsin Institute for Discovery  .  
 The conference will be preceded by a Summer School  (June 19-20).  
 The IPCO  conference is under the auspices of the Mathematical Optimization Society  and is held every year, except for those in which the International Symposium on Mathematical Programming takes place. The conference is a forum for researchers and practitioners working on various aspects of integer programming and combinatorial optimization. The aim is to present recent developments in theory, computation, and applications in these areas.  
   
 Call for Papers 
    
 Call for Papers  
 Important Dates  
 Submission deadline: November 6, 2022, 23:59 (CET)  
  Notifications: January 20, 2023  
 Scope  
 The IPCO conference is a forum for researchers and practitioners working on various aspects of integer programming and combinatorial optimization. The aim is to present recent developments in theory, computation, and applications. The scope of IPCO is viewed in a broad sense, to include algorithmic and structural results in integer programming and combinatorial optimization as well as revealing computational studies and novel applications of discrete optimization to practical problems.  
 Authors are invited to submit extended abstracts of their recent work by November 6, 2022 (23:59 CET); see the submission guidelines below for more information. The Program Committee will select the papers to be presented on the basis of the submitted extended abstracts. Contributions are expected to be original, unpublished and not under review by journals or conferences with proceedings before the notification date (January 20, 2023). Papers violating these requirements will not be considered by the Program Committee.  
 During the conference, approximately 33 papers will be presented in single-track sessions. Each lecture will be 30 minutes long. The proceedings will be published as a volume of Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science. They will contain extended abstracts of all accepted submissions. It is expected that revised and extended versions will subsequently be submitted for publication in appropriate journals.  
 Submission Guidelines and Instructions for Authors  
 The extended abstract – in Springer LNCS format – should not exceed 12 pages plus references. Please check the Springer Information for LNCS Authors for additional information. Appendices are allowed only if they fit within the 12 page limit. Submissions not following these guidelines will not be considered. It is allowed to put full versions of the submitted papers in an on-line repository.  
 The first page should contain the title, the authors’ names with their affiliations, and a short abstract. The introduction should be a broadly accessible exposition of the main ideas and techniques used to achieve the results, including motivation and a clear comparison with related work. In particular, the introduction should convey to the non-expert why the paper should be accepted to IPCO. Submitted extended abstracts will be reviewed according to the standards of top tier reviewed conferences. The main acceptance criteria used by the Program Committee are the quality and originality of the research, plus its interest to people working in the field. It is crucial that the importance of the work is understood by the committee. The claimed results must be correct and new.  
 A paper will not be considered in any of the following cases:  
 – It has already been published.  
  – It is under review by a journal or another conference with proceedings.  
  – It has a member of the Program Committee among its authors.  
  – It is submitted after the submission deadline.  
 It is not allowed to submit a paper that has been submitted to IPCO 2023 to a journal or a conference with proceedings before the IPCO 2023 notification date.  
 The submission server can be accessed here:  
  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ipco2023   
 Best Paper Award  
 IPCO will present a Best Paper Award, to be chosen by the Program Committee.  
   
 Accepted Papers 
    
 Accepted Papers  
 Sabrina Bruckmeier, Christoph Hunkenschröder and Robert Weismantel | Sparse Approximation Over the Cube 
  Yusuke Kobayashi | Optimal General Factor Problem and Jump System Intersection 
  Jean Cardinal and Raphael Steiner | Inapproximability of shortest paths on perfect matching polytopes 
  Da Wei Zheng and Monika Henzinger | Multiplicative Auction Algorithm for Approximate Maximum Weight Bipartite Matching 
  Billy Jin, Nathan Klein and David Williamson | A 4/3-Approximation Algorithm for Half-Integral Cycle Cut Instances of the TSP 
  Christina Büsing, Timo Gersing and Arie Koster | Recycling Inequalities for Robust Combinatorial Optimization 
  Nicole Megow and Jens Schlöter | Set Selection under Explorable Stochastic Uncertainty via Covering Techniques 
  Matthew Gerstbrein, Laura Sanità and Lucy Verberk | Stabilization of Capacitated Matching Games 
  Martin Nägele, Christian Nöbel, Richard Santiago and Rico Zenklusen | Advances on Strictly Δ-Modular IPs 
  Sander Borst, Daniel Dadush, Sophie Huiberts and Danish Kashaev | A nearly optimal randomized algorithm for explorable heap selection 
  Michael Joswig, Max Klimm and Sylvain Spitz | The Polyhedral Geometry of Truthful Auctions 
  Satoru Fujishige, Tomonari Kitahara and László Végh | An Update-and-Stabilize Framework for the Minimum-Norm-Point Problem 
  Franziska Eberle, Anupam Gupta, Nicole Megow, Benjamin Moseley and Rudy Zhou | Configuration Balancing for Stochastic Requests 
  Edin Husić, Zhuan Khye Koh, Georg Loho and László A. Végh | On the Correlation Gap of Matroids 
  Christoph Hertrich and Leon Sering | ReLU Neural Networks of Polynomial Size for Exact Maximum Flow Computation 
  Gonzalo Muñoz, Joseph Paat and Álinson S. Xavier | Compressing Branch-and-Bound Trees 
  Oussama Hanguir, Will Ma and Christopher Thomas Ryan | Designing Optimization Problems with Diverse Solutions 
  Ksenia Bestuzheva, Ambros Gleixner and Tobias Achterberg | Efficient Separation of RLT Cuts for Implicit and Explicit Bilinear Products 
  Noah Weninger and Ricardo Fukasawa | A Fast Combinatorial Algorithm for the Bilevel Knapsack Problem with Interdiction Constraints 
  Richard Santiago, Ivan Sergeev and Rico Zenklusen | Constant-Competitiveness for Random Assignment Matroid Secretary Without Knowing the Matroid 
  Amitabh Basu, Hongyi Jiang, Phillip Kerger and Marco Molinaro | Information complexity of mixed-integer convex optimization 
  Gonzalo Muñoz, David Salas and Anton Svensson | Exploiting the polyhedral geometry of stochastic linear bilevel programming 
  Eranda Çela, Bettina Klinz, Stefan Lendl, Gerhard Woeginger and Lasse Wulf | A linear time algorithm for linearizing quadratic and higher-order shortest path problems 
  Jannik Matuschke | Decomposition of Probability Marginals for Security Games in Abstract Networks 
  Daniel Dadush, Friedrich Eisenbrand and Thomas Rothvoss | From approximate to exact integer programming 
  Sven Jäger, Guillaume Sagnol, Daniel Schmidt Genannt Waldschmidt and Philipp Warode | Competitive Kill-and-Restart and Preemptive Strategies for Non-clairvoyant Scheduling 
  Daniel Dadush, Arthur Leonard, Lars Rohwedder and Jose Verschae | Optimizing Low Dimensional Functions over the Integers 
  Pranav Nuti and Jan Vondrák | Towards an Optimal Contention Resolution Scheme for Matchings 
  Anna Karlin, Nathan Klein and Shayan Oveis Gharan | A Deterministic Better-than-3/2 Approximation Algorithm for Metric TSP 
  Gonzalo Muñoz, Joseph Paat and Felipe Serrano | Towards a characterization of maximal quadratic-free sets 
  Joseph Poremba and F. Bruce Shepherd | Cut-Sufficient Directed 2-Commodity Multiflow Topologies 
  Aleksandr M. Kazachkov and Egon Balas | Monoidal Strengthening of V-Polyhedral Disjunctive Cuts 
  Antonia Chmiela, Gonzalo Muñoz and Felipe Serrano | Monoidal strengthening and unique lifting in MIQCPs 
  Best Paper Award  
 The IPCO 2023 Best Paper Award, chosen by the Program Committee, goes to the paper From approximate to exact integer programming  by Daniel Dadush, Friedrich Eisenbrand, and Thomas Rothvoss.  
   
 Committees 
    
 Committees  
 Program Committee  
 Merve Bodur, University of Toronto 
  José Correa, Universidad de Chile 
  Alberto Del Pia, University of Wisconsin-Madison 
  Yuri Faenza, Columbia University 
  Volker Kaibel, OVGU Magdeburg (Chair) 
  Simge Küçükyavuz, Northwestern University 
  Andrea Lodi, Cornell Tech 
  Diego Moran, Universidad Adolfo Ibañez 
  Giacomo Nannicini, IBM Research 
  Britta Peis, RWTH Aachen 
  Mohit Singh, Georgia Tech 
  Martin Skutella, TU Berlin 
  Juan Pablo Vielma, Google 
  Jens Vygen, Universität Bonn 
  Stefan Weltge, TU München 
  Giacomo Zambelli, London School of Economics 
  Local Organization Committee  
 Styliana Avraamidou 
  Alberto Del Pia (Chair) 
  Jeff Linderoth 
  Jim Luedtke 
  Carla Michini 
    
 Summer School 
    
 Summer School  
 The IPCO 2023 summer school will be held on June 19-20, 2023 in the Orchard View Room  in the Discovery Building  . The Discovery Building is located in 330 N. Orchard St., Madison, WI 53715 United States. Click here  for directions.  
 Summer School Files  
 Amitabh Basu: Slides,  Problem Set   
 Fatma Kılınç-Karzan: Slides Part 1,  Slides Part 2  , Problem Set   
 Domenico Salvagnin: Slides   
 Summer School Program  
  
 Monday  (June 19) | 8:30 | Registration and breakfast 
 9:00 | Amitabh Basu: Complexity of convex mixed-integer optimization – Part 1 
 10:30 | Coffee break 
 11:00 | Fatma Kılınç-Karzan: An introduction to semidefinite program relaxations of quadratically constrained quadratic programs – Part 1 
 12:30 | Lunch break 
 14:00 | Domenico Salvagnin: Computational research 101 – Experimental design and data analysis 
 15:30 | Coffee break 
 16:00 | Problem session – Part 1 
 17:00 | End of day 
 Tuesday  (June 20) | 8:30 | Breakfast 
 9:00 | Amitabh Basu: Complexity of convex mixed-integer optimization – Part 2 
 10:30 | Coffee break 
 11:00 | Fatma Kılınç-Karzan: An introduction to semidefinite program relaxations of quadratically constrained quadratic programs – Part 2 
 12:30 | Lunch break 
 14:00 | Domenico Salvagnin: Computational research 101 – Software engineering 
 15:30 | Coffee break 
 16:00 | Problem session – Part 2 
 17:00 | End of day 
  
 Summer School Speakers  
 Amitabh Basu, Johns Hopkins University  
  Amitabh Basu  is a professor in the Dept. of Applied Mathematics and Statistics at Johns Hopkins University. He received his Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in 2010 and did postdoctoral work in the Dept. of Mathematics at the University of California, Davis from 2010-2013. His main research interests are in mathematical optimization and its applications, with an emphasis on problems with a combinatorial or discrete flavor. He serves on the editorial boards of Mathematics of Operations Research, Discrete Optimization, MOS-SIAM Series on Optimization, Mathematical Programming, and SIAM Journal on Optimization. His work has been recognized by the NSF Career award and the Egon Balas Prize from the INFORMS Optimization Society.  
  
 Fatma Kılınç-Karzan, Carnegie Mellon University  
  Fatma Kılınç-Karzan  is an Associate Professor of Operations Research at Tepper School of Business, Carnegie Mellon University. She also holds a courtesy appointment at the Department of Computer Science, and is affiliated with the Algorithms Combinatorics and Optimization (ACO) PhD Program as well. She completed her PhD in Industrial and Systems Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology in 2011. Her research interests are on foundational theory and algorithms for convex optimization and structured nonconvex optimization, and their applications in optimization under uncertainty, machine learning and business analytics. Dr. Kılınç-Karzan is an associate editor for the journals Mathematical Programming A, Operations Research, INFORMS Journal on Computing, and Optimization Methods and Software and serves on the editorial board of MOS-SIAM book series on Optimization. She is also an elected member of Mathematical Optimization Society Council and has served as an elected member in the Board of Directors of INFORMS Computing Society (2021–2023). Her research is supported by NSF, ONR and AFOSR and has received the 2015 INFORMS Optimization Society Prize for Young Researchers, the 2014 INFORMS JFIG Best Paper Award, and an NSF CAREER Award in 2015.  
 Domenico Salvagnin, University of Padova  
  Domenico Salvagnin  received his degree in Computer Science Engineering (cum laude) at the University of Padova, Italy, in 2005, and his PhD degree in Computational Mathematics (Operations Research) at the University of Padova, Italy, in 2009. He is associate professor in Operations Research at DEI, University of Padova, Italy since 2018, and got the National Academic Qualification as full professor in 2018. He was lead development scientist in IBM ILOG CPLEX team in 2015-2017, and is currently scientific consultant for FICO XPRESS.  
  His research interests include theory and algorithms for linear and mixed integer linear programming, constraint programming, and hybrid methods for optimization. His awards include: winner of the 11th DIMACS Implementation Challenge for the best computer codes for Steiner Tree problems, Computational Optimization and Applications 2016 Best Paper Award, CPAIOR 2019 Distinguished Paper Award and ICAPS 2019 Best Paper Award.  
   
 Program 
    
 Program  
 The IPCO 2023 conference will be held on June 21-23, 2023 in the DeLuca Forum  in the Discovery Building  . The Discovery Building is located in 330 N. Orchard St., Madison, WI 53715 United States. Click here  for directions.  
  
 Wednesday  (June 21) | 8:00 | Registration and breakfast 
 8:45 | Opening remarks 
 9:00 | Jin,  Klein, Williamson: A 4/3-Approximation Algorithm for Half-Integral Cycle Cut Instances of the TSP 
 9:30 | Karlin, Klein,  Oveis Gharan: A Deterministic Better-than-3/2 Approximation Algorithm for Metric TSP 
 10:00 | Poremba,  Shepherd: Cut-Sufficient Directed 2-Commodity Multiflow Topologies 
 10:30 | Coffee break 
 11:00 | Gerstbrein, Sanità, Verberk:  Stabilization of Capacitated Matching Games 
 11:30 | Joswig, Klimm, Spitz:  The Polyhedral Geometry of Truthful Auctions 
 12:00 | Matuschke:  Decomposition of Probability Marginals for Security Games in Abstract Networks 
 12:30 | Lunch break 
 14:00 | Hertrich,  Sering: ReLU Neural Networks of Polynomial Size for Exact Maximum Flow Computation 
 14:30 | Dadush, Eisenbrand, Rothvoss:  From approximate to exact integer programming 
 15:00 | Hanguir, Ma, Ryan:  Designing Optimization Problems with Diverse Solutions    
  NO SHOW:  Due to unforeseen circumstances, the authors were not able to give the talk. A video of the presentation, by Chris Ryan, is available here. 
 15:30 | Coffee break 
 16:00 | Husić, Koh,  Loho, Végh: On the Correlation Gap of Matroids 
 16:30 | Santiago, Sergeev,  Zenklusen: Constant-Competitiveness for Random Assignment Matroid Secretary Without Knowing the Matroid 
 17:00 | Jäger, Sagnol, Schmidt genannt Waldschmidt,  Warode: Competitive Kill-and-Restart and Preemptive Strategies for Non-clairvoyant Scheduling 
 17:30 | Poster session 
 19:30 | End of day 
 Thursday  (June 22) | 8:30 | Breakfast 
 9:00 | Nägele, Nöbel,  Santiago, Zenklusen: Advances on Strictly Δ-Modular IPs 
 9:30 | Bruckmeier,  Hunkenschröder, Weismantel: Sparse Approximation Over the Cube 
 10:00 | Borst,  Dadush, Huiberts, Kashaev: A nearly optimal randomized algorithm for explorable heap selection 
 10:30 | Coffee break 
 11:00 | Muñoz, Paat, Xavier:  Compressing Branch-and-Bound Trees 
 11:30 | Bestuzheva,  Gleixner, Achterberg: Efficient Separation of RLT Cuts for Implicit and Explicit Bilinear Products 
 12:00 | Weninger,  Fukasawa: A Fast Combinatorial Algorithm for the Bilevel Knapsack Problem with Interdiction Constraints 
 12:30 | Lunch break 
 14:00 | Megow, Schlöter:  Set Selection under Explorable Stochastic Uncertainty via Covering Techniques 
 14:30 | Büsing, Gersing,  Koster: Recycling Inequalities for Robust Combinatorial Optimization 
 15:00 | Muñoz, Salas,  Svensson: Exploiting the polyhedral geometry of stochastic linear bilevel programming 
 15:30 | Coffee break 
 16:00 | Kobayashi:  Optimal General Factor Problem and Jump System Intersection 
 16:30 | Eberle, Gupta, Megow, Moseley, Zhou:  Configuration Balancing for Stochastic Requests 
 17:00 | Fujishige, Kitahara, Végh:  An Update-and-Stabilize Framework for the Minimum-Norm-Point Problem 
 17:30 | Free time: transition to conference banquet 
 18:30 | Conference banquet in Memorial Union  , Tripp Commons 
 21:00 | End of day 
 Friday  (June 23) | 8:30 | Breakfast 
 9:00 | Basu, Jiang, Kerger,  Molinaro: Information complexity of mixed-integer convex optimization 
 9:30 | Çela, Klinz, Lendl, Woeginger, Wulf:  A linear time algorithm for linearizing quadratic and higher-order shortest path problems 
 10:00 | Dadush, Leonard,  Rohwedder, Verschae: Optimizing Low Dimensional Functions over the Integers 
 10:30 | Coffee break 
 11:00 | Muñoz,  Paat, Serrano: Towards a characterization of maximal quadratic-free sets 
 11:30 | Kazachkov,  Balas: Monoidal Strengthening of V-Polyhedral Disjunctive Cuts 
 12:00 | Chmiela,  Muñoz, Serrano: Monoidal strengthening and unique lifting in MIQCPs 
 12:30 | Lunch break 
 14:00 | Zheng,  Henzinger: Multiplicative Auction Algorithm for Approximate Maximum Weight Bipartite Matching 
 14:30 | Nuti,  Vondrák: Towards an Optimal Contention Resolution Scheme for Matchings 
 15:00 | Cardinal,  Steiner: Inapproximability of shortest paths on perfect matching polytopes 
 15:30 | Concluding remarks 
 15:40 | End of day 

 Call for Posters 
    
 Call for Posters  
 IPCO 2023 will feature a poster session and a best poster award. The poster session will take place on June 21, 2023.  
 We particularly welcome posters from Ph.D. students and postdocs. Poster abstracts can be submitted here  . The abstract format is: a PDF file, one letter-size page maximum, one-inch margins, 11-point font, single-space. The deadline for poster abstract submissions is April 1, 2023.  
 The local committee will select poster presenters, subject to the number of available poster slots. A committee will evaluate posters during the poster session and select the best poster. We anticipate that we might be able to provide some travel support to a limited number of students.  
 The committee will communicate notifications of acceptance by April 15, 2023. Poster presenters are required to register for the conference.  
 Please contact posters-ipco@wid.wisc.edu  if you have any questions.  
   
 Accepted Posters 
    
 Accepted Posters  
 Rui Chen | A Simple Algorithm for Online Decision Making 
  Bainian Hao | Inefficiency of pure Nash equilibria in network congestion games: the impact of symmetry and graph structure 
  Zhichao Ma | A Model and Method for Optimization Problems with Decision-Dependent Uncertainty 
  Marziehsadat Rezaei | The virtual network embedding problem with latency constraints 
  Prachi Shah | Learning to Branch from Optimal Trees 
  Soraya Ezazipour | What is the “real” population of my district? The worst-case effects of Census TopDown 
  Maral Shahmizad | Political districting to minimize county splits 
  Harshit Kothari | Accelerating Benders decomposition for solving a sequence of sample average approximation problems 
  Da Wei Zheng | Multiplicative Auction Algorithm for Approximate Maximum Weight Bipartite Matching 
  Oscar Guaje | Curated Data Generation for Machine Learning-based Cut Selection 
  Ashley Peper | A Multiperiod Model for Cybersecurity Planning 
  Yiran Zhu | Integer programming for the generalized envy-free equilibrium pricing problem 
  Runtian Zhou | Lollipop and Cubic Weight Functions for Graph Pebbling 
  Akhilesh Soni | Matrix completion over GF(2) 
  Dekun Zhou | Approximability, solvability, and resilience of solving sparse PCA via semidefinite relaxation 
  Anthony Karahalios | Column Elimination for Large-Scale Integer Programming 
  Ramsey Rossmann | Improving Power Grid Resiliency with Bi-Objective Stochastic Integer Optimization 
  Zach Zhou | A polyhedral study of multivariate decision trees 
  Hyunwoo Lee | MINLP Games for Invasive Species Prevention 
  Byungjun Lee | An Algorithm for Solving Two-Stage Mixed-Integer Adjustable Robust Optimization Problems 
  Evangelia Gergatsouli | Opening Pandora’s Box: the Correlated Case 
  Hins Hu | Vehicle Routing Problems in the Semi-Autonomous Environment 
  Selin Bayramoglu | Learning to Branch with Interpretable Machine Learning Models 
  Woojin Kim | Verification of Binarized Neural Networks Using Column Generation 
  Daniel Szabo | Multiway Cuts with a Choice of Representatives 
  Best Poster Award  
 The IPCO 2023 Best Poster Award, goes to Evangelia Gergatsouli for the poster Opening Pandora’s Box: the Correlated Case,  joint work with Shuchi Chawla, Yifeng Teng, Christos Tzamos, and Ruimin Zhang).  
  Honorable Mentions Poster Awards go to Maral Shahmizad for the poster Political Districting to Minimize County Splits  , joint work with Austin Buchanan, and to Anthony Karahalios for the poster Column Elimination for Large-Scale Integer Programming  , joint work with Willem-Jan van Hoeve  
 The IPCO 2023 Best Poster Award was chosen by the Poster Award Committee: Victor Blanco (Granada), Jean Cardinal (ULB), Jannik Matuschke (KU Leuven), and Gonzalo Muñoz (O’Higgins).  
   
 Travel & Accommodations 
    
 Travel & Accommodations  
 How to reach Madison?  
 The easiest way to come to Madison is via the Dane County Regional Airport (MSN)  , which is a 15-minutes drive from the Discovery Building. This small airport has good domestic connections.  
 Attendees can also fly to the Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD)  , which has extensive international connections, and then get to Madison by car or bus. Driving to Madison takes a bit more than 2 hours (depending on traffic), while a bus ride takes approximately 3 hours. Cars can be rented at the airport, and a frequent bus service is offered by Van Galder  .  
 Accommodations  
 We recommend the following hotels which are within walking distance of the Discovery Building:  
 – Wisconsin Union Hotel  , 1308 W Dayton St, Madison, WI 53715. Rooms available  at the IPCO preferred rate of $170 per night, until May 28, 2023.  
 – DoubleTree by Hilton Madison Downtown  , 525 W Johnson St, Madison, WI 53703. Rooms available  at the IPCO preferred rate of $179 per night, until May 30, 2023. Doubletree offers a FREE shuttle to and from the MSN airport. It also offers a daily shuttle to the Discovery Building which departs at 8:30am.  
 – Hampton Inn & Suites Madison / Downtown  , 440 W Johnson St, Madison, WI 53703.  
 – Hilton Garden Inn Madison Downtown  , 770 Regent St, Madison, WI 53715.  
 – Graduate Madison  , 601 Langdon St, Madison, WI 53703.  
 You can also look at other on or near-campus hotels, preferably between the Discovery Building (330 N Orchard St, Madison, WI 53715) and the Wisconsin State Capitol (2 E Main St, Madison, WI 53703).  
   
 Local Information 
    
 Local Information  
 Conference and Summer School Venue  
 IPCO 2023 takes place at the University of Wisconsin-Madison which is located at Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Both the summer school and conference take place at the Discovery Building  . The Summer School will be in the Orchard View Room  (3rd floor), while the conference and the poster session will be in the DeLuca Forum  (1st floor).  
  See the map below for some points of interest discussed in this page and click here  for a bigger and complete view. A map of the campus can be found here  .  
   
 Conference Dinner  
 The conference banquet takes place in the Tripp Commons  room in the Memorial Union  on Thursday evening, June 22. Memorial Union can be reached by a 10 minute walk from the Discovery Building.  
 Lunch  
 There are several lunch venues within walking distance from the Discovery Building. Some recommended options are listed below, ordered by distance from the Discovery Building.  
 Steenbock’s on Orchard | , restaurant inside the Discovery Building 
  Union South | , which offers a choice of affordable options 
  The Library Cafe & Bar 
  Food Carts | (10 min walk) 
  Restaurants in | Regent St | (10 min walk) 
  Restaurants in | State St | (15 min walk) 
  Dinner and NightLife  
 The lively city of Madison offers many possibilities for dinner and nightlife. Several venues for different types of budgets can be found in the following streets:  
 State St | and around the | Wisconsin State Capitol 
  Monroe St 
  Williamson St 
  Getting Around  
 If you decide to stay in one of the recommended hotels, or any other hotel between campus and the Wisconsin State Capitol, the conference venue and most restaurants/bars are within walking distance. Other nice options to get around are:  
 Madison BCycle | : electric bike rental 
  Metro Transit | : bus service (Bus 80 is free!) 
  Lyft and Uber 
  Taxi services, like | Green Cab | , | Madison Taxi | , and | Union Cab 
  Covid-19 Regulations  
 Wearing face masks is not mandatory. To ensure a safe environment for everyone, all participants are asked to behave responsibly. See also the CDC guidance  .  
   
 Code of Conduct 
    
 Code of Conduct  
 The IPCO 2023 organizers are committed to an inclusive and respectful conference experience for all participants, free from any form of discrimination, harassment, bullying, or retaliation. We strongly believe in equality of treatment for all participants regardless of gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, race, color, nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, marital status, physical appearance, disabilities, or other reasons. All participants in any of the IPCO activities agree to comply with this code of conduct, and to create an inclusive, professional, and respectful atmosphere.  
 If you experience or witness any type of discrimination, harassment or other unethical behavior at the conference, we strongly encourage you to report and seek advice/remedy by reporting by email to ipco@wid.wisc.edu   
 The organizing committee reserves the right to take any necessary and appropriate action against participants who engage in inappropriate behaviors, including removing registered participants from the conference should they pose a risk to other participants.  
   
 Registration 
    
 Registration  
 Registration fees are listed below. Thanks to our generous sponsors, we extended indefinitely the early registration fee!  
  
 fee 
 MOS member | $375 
 General | $425 
 Student | $175 
 Summer School | $75 
 Additional banquet ticket | $60 
  
 The IPCO registration fee includes one conference banquet ticket, for Thursday, June 22.  
 Go to registration site.   
   
 Sponsors 
    
 Sponsors  

 Photos 
    
 Please add the photos you took at IPCO to this Google Photos Album!   

 ×  Local Information  
   
 Coming Soon!  
   
 Close    

 Days until Conference   
   
 0   
 0   
 0   
 0   
   
 Days   

 0   
 0   
   
 Hrs   

 0   
 0   
   
 Min   

 0   
 0   
   
 Sec   

 Search for:      

 Copyright 2012 - 2024 | Optimization  at UW–Madison    
   
 Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   Pinterest     

 Page load link    
 Go to Top