About | Organizing Committee 
  Senior Program Committee 
  Conference Paper Review Board 
  Venue 
  Press & Media 
  RAS Cares 
  Contact Us 
  Registration & Travel | Registration 
  Access to Talent for Registrants 
  Accommodations 
  Travel Information 
  Detroit 
  Local Dining 
  Health & Safety 
  Child Care 
  Parenting 
  On-Site Services 
  Visa Informaton 
  RAS Member Support (Closed) 
  Travel Grants (Closed) 
  Call for Volunteers (Closed) 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Presentation Instructions 
  Presentation Upload Instructions 
  Templates 
  IROS 2023 Award Winners 
  Networking & Social Events | Saturday RAS Events 
  RAS Town Hall 
  Welcome Reception 
  Luncheons 
  Evening Socials 
  Farewell Reception 
  Telepresence Participation 
  Plenaries & Keynotes 
  Demonstrations 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Forums 
  Competitions 
  Technical Tours 
  Important Dates 
  Closed Calls for Contributions | Call for Workshops/Tutorials (Closed) 
  Call for Papers (Closed) 
  Call for Competitions (Closed) 
  Call for Special Sessions (Closed) 
  Call for Forums (Closed) 
  Call for Late Breaking Results (Closed) 
  Call for Demonstrations (Closed) 
  Call for Award Nominations (Closed) 
  Exhibitors & Partners | Confirmed Partners 
  Confirmed Exhibitors 
  Tech Huddles 
  Partnership & Exhibits Prospectus 
  Partnership Levels & Opportunities 
  Access to Talent Recruitment 
  Exhibit Opportunities & Floor Plan 
  Partnership & Exhibit Application 
  Partnership & Exhibit General Info 

  2023 - Detroit  
 October 1 - October 5, 2023   

 Register    

 About 
  Location 
  Venue 
  Important Dates 
  Contact 
    
 Welcome to IROS 2023  
 The Next Generation of Robotics  The 2023 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS 2023) will be held October 1 – 5, 2023 at Huntington Place   in Detroit, Michigan, USA.  
 IROS is a large and impactful forum for the international robotics research community to explore the frontier of science and technology in intelligent robots and smart machines, emphasizing future directions and the latest approaches, designs, and outcomes.  
 The theme of IROS 2023 is “The Next Generation of Robotics,” so the conference aims to particularly highlight the contributions of younger researchers and to help accelerate the future contributions of all those just entering the field. This will be reflected in plenary and keynote talks, workshops, tutorials, forums, competitions, exhibitions, tours, and technical sessions.  
   
 Welcome to Detroit  
 "Detroit's diverse culture has had both local and international influence, particularly in music, with the city giving rise to the genres of Motown and techno, and playing an important role in the development of jazz, hip-hop, rock, and punk. The rapid growth of Detroit in its boom years resulted in a globally unique stock of architectural monuments and historic places.  
 Since the 2000s, conservation efforts have managed to save many architectural pieces and achieved several large-scale revitalizations, including the restoration of several historic theatres and entertainment venues, high-rise renovations, new sports stadiums, and a riverfront revitalization project. An increasingly popular tourist destination, Detroit receives 16 million visitors per year." — Wikipedia   
 Plan Your Visit    
   
 The Venue  
 Huntington Place  is the 16th largest convention center in the United States. Built by the City of Detroit, it was originally opened in 1960 and named Cobo Hall in honor of former Detroit Mayor Albert E. Cobo (1950-1957).  
 Today, Huntington Place hosts conferences, conventions and tradeshows bringing 1.5 million visitors a year from across the globe to Detroit.  
 Huntington Place, Detroit   
  1 Washington Boulevard  
  Detroit, MI 48226  
  (313) 877-8777 www.huntingtonplacedetroit.com   
   
 Important Dates  
 January 15, 2023:  Deadline for Special Session, Competition, and Forum proposals.  
 February 1, 2023:  Notification of Special Session, Competition, and Forum proposal acceptance.  
 March 1, 2023 extended 24 hours to March 2, 2023 (due to server crash):  Deadline for Paper submissions.  
 March 5, 2023:  Deadline for Paper Video submissions.  
 March 15, 2023:  Deadline for Workshop/Tutorial proposals.  
 April 28, 2023:  Notification of Workshop/Tutorial proposal acceptance.  
 June 30, 2023:  Notification of Paper acceptance.  
 July 31, 2023:  Deadline for Final Paper submissions.  
 July 15, 2023:  Deadline for Late Breaking Results submissions.  
 July 31, 2023:  Notification of acceptance of Late Breaking Results.  
 August 10, 2023:  Deadline for Final Late Breaking Results submissions  
   
 Contact Us  
  
 General Inquiries   
 Lukrecija LeLong  
  Senior Manager, Event Management Services  
  IEEE Event Planner  
  l.lelong@ieee.org   
  
 Program   
 Bobby Gregg  
  Program Chair  
  Associate Professor, University of Michigan  
  rdgregg@umich.edu   
  
 Exhibits & Partnerships   
 Amy Alder  
  Show Director, Hall-Erickson, Inc.  
  aalder@heiexpo.com   
  
 Sign Up For News & Updates   >  

 Hello Detroit  

 Detroit is the largest city in the midwestern state of Michigan. Near Downtown, the neoclassical Detroit Institute of Arts is famed for the Detroit Industry Murals painted by Diego Rivera, and inspired by the city’s ties to the auto industry, giving it the nickname “Motor City.”  

 Plan Your Visit   

 Organizing Committee    

 Jim Schmiedeler  
 General Conference Chair  
   
 University of Notre Dame, USA   

 Ambarish Goswami  
 General Conference Co-Chair  
   
 Intuitive, USA   

 Bobby Gregg  
 Program Chair  
   
 University of Michigan, USA   

 Lukrecija Lelong  
 Event Management  
   
 IEEE MCE   

 See Full Organizing Committee    

 About 
  Detroit 
  Organizing Committee 
  Sponsors 
  Sign Up For Our Mailing List 

 Site by Bartlett