ISCA 2023    
 Submit Work | Call for Papers 
  Submission Guidelines 
  HotCRP Submission Site 
  Industry Track 
  Camera-Ready Guidelines 
  Call for Workshops & Tutorials 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Program | Main Program 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Attend | Venue & Hotel 
  Register for the Conference 
  Visa Information 
  Student Travel Grants 
  Excursion 
  Childcare 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Code of Conduct 
  CARES 
  @ISCAConfOrg 
  iscaconf.org 
  Home 

  ISCA 2023  
 June 17–21, 2023  
 ISCA Industry Track: Call for Papers  

 The 50th International Symposium of Computer Architecture includes a separate industry session in the main program following the success of the industry track inaugurated in ISCA 2020  . The ISCA Industry Track was established under a different vision and motive to bringing the values, trends, and perspectives of real hardware product and system design from the industries. It also serves as a venue to encourage more participation from industries to interact with academia for forward-looking research challenges and solutions. In light of the very specific purpose of the industry track, the submission guidelines are also very specific.  
   
 At a Glance  
   
 First author, and most authors, | must be from industry 
  Not for student internship projects 
  Submissions | must include all author names and affiliations | for review (authors may remain blinded) 
  All ISCA | formatting guidelines | apply ( | 11 pages without references, 10pt font | ) 
  Abstract Deadline: | January 6, 2023 at 11:59 PM EST 
  Full Paper Deadline: | January 13, 2023 at 11:59 PM EST 
  Rebuttal/Revision period: | February 23 - 27, 2023 
   Upload Abstracts and Papers to Industry Track HotCRP   

  Submission Guidelines  
 The papers ideally include (1) retrospective evaluations of real working products, (2) upcoming industry products on their roadmaps, and/or (3) planned products that were canceled but present interesting insights or lessons learned. 
  The following types of submissions will | not | be considered: (1) students' short-term internship projects in industries, or (2) speculation about hardware that might be built. 
  The first and most of the authors | of such papers must work in industry. 
  The submissions are required to disclose the affiliations of all authors. | Reviewers want to know which product is being evaluated and which company is writing the paper. Review assignments will still follow common practice to avoid conflicts of interest. 
  All | formatting guidelines | for the general submission (including page limits) must also be followed by any paper submitted to the industry track. The accepted paper will be labelled as an "Industry Product" in the conference proceedings. 
  Submissions that fail to abide by the guidelines will be rejected without review.  

  Important Dates  
 The program committee recognizes that industry papers need to be approved by management (often involving multiple rounds of redaction) before they can be submitted, and there can be restrictions about filing patents before submitting a paper. Therefore, a later deadline schedule is adopted to increase the chances of receiving such papers.  
 Abstract Deadline: | January 6, 2023 at 11:59 PM EST 
  Full Paper Deadline: | January 13, 2023 at 11:59 PM EST 

  Topics of Interest  
 Paper topics are not limited to hardware tapeouts. In particular, papers that are software-centric papers relevant to the ISCA audience are welcome in this track (e.g. datacenter software work, compiler work accelerator software stack work), but they should adhere to the tenet that they must be industry papers about production-level work - whether retrospective, planned and on the roadmap, or planned but canceled.  
 Processors, SoCs, GPUs, and domain-specific accelerators 
  Systems and interconnect technologies for HPC, cloud, or data centers 
  Embedded, mobile, and IoT processors 
  FPGA or reconfigurable architectures 
  Storage and emerging memory systems 
  Architectures using emerging technology 

   © International Symposium on Computer Architecture   
 IEEE Privacy Policy