IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

 IEEE Circuits and Systems Society – Santa Clara Valley Chapter   

 Toggle navigation        
 Skip to content  Events 
  Officers 
  Archives 
  Meeting Venue 
  About 

 Home 
  ISCAS 2023 
  ISCAS 2023  
    This event is occurring as a part of the ISCAS 2023 conference.   
      “The Emerging Ecosystem of Open-Source IC Design”  
 Speaker: Dr. Boris Murmann  
 May 23 @ 7:00-8:00am  
 Event Organized By: IEEE Santa Clara Valley Circuits and Systems  
 Free for IEEE members.  
 $5 for non-IEEE members. Become an IEEE member here  !  
 Location  : Monterey Conference Center, 1 Portola Plaza Monterey, CA 93940  
 Room  : Redwood Room (Portola)  
 Pre-register Here ( Required  ): Eventbrite   
 Abstract  : Since the launch of the Open MPW program by Google, SkyWater, and Efabless in 2020, we have witnessed a steady expansion of the open-source IC design ecosystem. There are more than 5,500 users on the open-silicon Slack space and nearly 1,000 design projects have been initiated on Efabless’ project portal. In addition to SkyWater’s 90 and 130 nm offerings, designers can now also target open PDKs by GlobalFoundries (180 nm) and IHP (130 nm BiCMOS). This presentation will review the latest developments in this space including the IEEE SSCS Chipathon and Code-a-Chip competitions (please see this webpage for further information: https://sscs-ose.github.io/  ).  
 Bio  : Boris Murmann is a Professor of Electrical Engineering at Stanford University. He joined Stanford in 2004 after completing his Ph.D. degree in electrical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley in 2003. From 1994 to 1997, he was with Neutron Microelectronics, Germany, where he developed low-power and smart-power ASICs. Since 2004, he has worked as a consultant with numerous Silicon Valley companies. Dr. Murmann’s research interests are in mixed-signal integrated circuit design, including sensor interfaces, data conversion, high-speed communication, and embedded machine learning. He was a co-recipient of the Best Student Paper Award at the 2008 and 2021 VLSI Circuits Symposia, as well as a recipient of the Best Invited Paper Award at the 2008 IEEE Custom Integrated Circuits Conference (CICC). He received the 2009 Agilent Early Career Professor Award, the 2012 Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel Research Award by the Humboldt Foundation, and the 2021 SIA-SRC University Researcher Award for lifetime research contributions to the U.S. semiconductor industry. He has served as an Associate Editor of the IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits, an AdCom member and Distinguished Lecturer of the IEEE Solid-State Circuits Society (SSCS), the Data Converter Subcommittee Chair and Technical Program Chair of the IEEE International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC), as well as the Technical Program Co-Chair of the tinyML Research Symposium. He currently serves as the chair of the IEEE SSCS Technical Committee on Open-Source Ecosystem and the General Co-Chair of the 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS). He is a Fellow of the IEEE.  
 Registration  Link   
 Food and Drinks will be provided. Breakfast will start at 6:30am.   
 Presentation PDF   
  20230523cas_scv  Download    

 Home 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms 
  IEEE Circuits and Systems Society - Santa Clara Valley Chapter  
  IEEE SCV CAS  
  © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.