About us | Members 
  Projects 
  Organisational structure 
  Documents 
  International cooperation 
  Users´duties 
  Services | Network 
  Computing 
  Data storage 
  Security 
  Network identity 
  Users´cooperation 
  e-INFRA CZ CONFERENCE 
  e-INFRA CZ CONFERENCE – Programme 
  News 
  Contacts 

 About us | Members 
  Projects 
  Organisational structure 
  Documents 
  International cooperation 
  Users´duties 
  Services | Network 
  Computing 
  Data storage 
  Security 
  Network identity 
  Users´cooperation 
  e-INFRA CZ CONFERENCE 
  e-INFRA CZ CONFERENCE – Programme 
  News 
  Contacts 

 Česky    

    News   International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 - Call for abstracts   
 International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 - Call for abstracts  
 CALL FOR ABSTRACTS OPEN - October 31 2022  
 Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the International Symposium on Grid Computing (ISGC) 2023 will be held on March 19-24, 2023 at Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. The ISGC is one of the most important annual international events in Asia that brings together scientists and engineers worldwide to exchange ideas, to present on challenges, solutions and future development issues in the field of Open Data and Open Science.  
   
 International Symposium on Grids and Clouds (ISGC) 2023    
  19 ~24 March 2023  , Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan     
  
  Call for Abstracts    
  •  On-line Submission: https://indico4.twgrid.org/event/25/abstracts/    
  •  Submission Deadline: Monday, 31 October 2022   
  •  Abstract Word Limit: 400 (minimum)～600 (maximum) words  
  •  Acceptance Notification to Authors: by Friday, 16 December 2022   
  
  Theme: Accelerating time-to-science through computing     
 Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the International Symposium on Grid Computing (ISGC) 2023 will be held on March 19-24, 2023 at Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. The ISGC is one of the most important annual international events in Asia that brings together scientists and engineers worldwide to exchange ideas, to present on challenges, solutions and future development issues in the field of Open Data and Open Science.  
   
  The main theme of ISGC 2023 will focus on “accelerating time-to-science through computing”  . Over the past two decades, the infrastructure of distributed computing and the concept of open data has revolutionized the scientific research. Compute-intensive research has once been a barrier for many researchers. Nowadays, the cloud and distributed computing infrastructure could provide researchers immediate access to an unlimited amount of computing power, and they can ask questions that may not have been possible. Moreover, the virtual infrastructure allows scientists to share large-scale data. Reducing time to science is something every researcher wish to experience.  
   
  Promoting the open data/open science collaboration between Asia Pacific region and the world, the Symposium offers an excellent opportunity to learn from the latest achievement from Europe, America and Asia. The goal of ISGC is to create a face-to-face venue where individual communities and national representatives can present and share their contributions to the solutions of global challenges. We cordially invite and welcome your participation!  
   
  Topics of Interest  :   
   
  1. Applications and results from the Virtual Research Communities and Industry   
   
  (1) Physics and Engineering Applications   
  Submissions should report on experience with physics and engineering applications including high energy physics that exploit grid and cloud computing services, applications that are planned or under development, or application tools and methodologies. Topics of interest include: (1)Data analysis and application including ML/DL based one; (2) Management of distributed data; (3) Performance analysis and system tuning; (4) Workload scheduling; (5) Management of an experimental collaboration as a virtual organization, in particular learning from the Covid19 pandemic; (6) Expectations for the evolution of computing models drawn from recent experience handling extremely large and geographically diverse datasets, and (7) Expectations for the evolution of computing operation etc. towards the carbon neutral.  
   
  (2) Health & Life Sciences (including Pandemic Preparedness Applications)   
  During the last decade, research in Biomedicine and Life Sciences has dramatically changed thanks to the continuous developments in High Performance Computing and highly Distributed Computing. The recent pandemic caused by Sars-CoV2 has clearly demonstrated the critical role of e-Infrastructures such high performance, high throughput and clouds infrastructure, but also of big-data and machine learning solutions to support the worldwide efforts to fight this pandemic. This track aims at discussing problems, solutions and application examples in the fields of health and life sciences, with a particular focus on non-technical end users. We invite in particular submissions concentrating on applications of pandemic response and preparedness in the areas of e.g. Drug discovery, Vaccine design, Structural biology, Bioinformatics, Medical imaging, Epidemiological studies and other Public health applications. Submissions should ideally highlight how different e-Science / e-Infrastructure solutions are being applied to fight / prepare for pandemics.  
   
  (3) Earth & Environmental Sciences & Biodiversity Applications   
  Environmental sciences are placing an increasing emphasis on the understanding of the Earth as a single, highly complex, coupled system with living and dead organisms. For example, feedback involving oceanic and atmospheric processes can have major consequences for the long-term development of the climate system, which in turn affects biodiversity, natural hazards and can control the development of the cryosphere and lithosphere. In this setting, natural disaster mitigation is one of the most critical regional issues in Asia. Despite the diversity of environmental sciences, many projects share the same significant challenges, where scientific computing and information technology play a central role in understanding data and studying complex systems. Technical challenges start with the collection of data from multiple distributed sensors (potentially in very remote locations) and the management of large data sets. Proper data management requires metadata fully specifying how, when and where the data were produced. Finally, results need to be presented to scientific users and stakeholders in a concise and intuitive form, requiring appropriate post-processing. This session addresses how these challenges are being handled, in particular with the aids of e-Science paradigms.  
   
  (4) Social Sciences, Arts & Humanities (SSAH) Applications   
  Disciplines across the Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities (SSAH) have critically engaged with technological innovations such as grid- and cloud computing, and, most recently, various data analytic technologies. The increasing availability of data, ranging from social media text data to consumer big data has led to an increasing interest in analysis methods such as natural language processing, social network analysis, machine learning and text mining. These developments pose challenges as well as opening up opportunities and members of the SSAH community have been at the forefront of discussions about the impact that novel forms of data, novel computational infrastructures and novel analytical methods have for the pursuit of science endeavors and our understanding of what science is and can be.  
   
  The ISGC 2023 SSAH track invites papers and presentations covering applications demonstrating the opportunities of new technologies or critically engaging with their methodological implications in the Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities. Innovative application of analytical tools for survey data, social media data, and government (open) data are welcome. We also invite contributions that critically reflect on the following subjects: (1) the impact that ubiquitous and mobile access to information and communication technologies have for society more generally, especially around topics such as smart cities, civic engagement, and digital journalism; (2) philosophical and methodological reflections on the development of the techniques and the approaches by which data scientists use to pursue knowledge.  

  2. Technologies that provide access and exploitation of different site resources and infrastructures   
   
  (5) Virtual Research Environment (including tools, services, workflows, portals, … etc.)   
  Virtual Research Environments (VRE) provide an intuitive, easy-to-use and secure access to (federated) computing resources for solving scientific problems, trying to hide the complexity of the underlying infrastructure, the heterogeneity of the resources, and the interconnecting middleware. Behind the scenes, VREs comprise tools, middleware and portal technologies, workflow automation as well a security solutions for layered and multifaceted applications. Topics of interest include but are not limited to: (1) Real-world experiences building and/or using VREs to gain new scientific knowledge; (2) Middleware technologies, tools, services beyond the state-of-the-art for VREs; (3) Science gateways as specific VRE environments, (4) Innovative technologies to enable VREs on arbitrary devices, including Internet-of-Things; and (5) One-step-ahead workflow integration and automation in VREs.  

  (6) Data Management & Big Data   
  The rapid growth of the data available to scientists and scholars – in terms of Velocity and Variety as well as sheer Volume – is transforming research across disciplines. Increasingly these data sets are generated not just through experiments, but as a byproduct of our day-to-day digital lives. This track explores the consequences of this growth, and encourages submissions relating to two aspects in particular - firstly, the conceptual models and analytical techniques required to process data at scale; secondly, approaches and tools for managing and creating these digital assets throughout their lifecycle.  
   
  3. Infrastructure for Research   
   
  (7) Network, Security, Infrastructure & Operations   
  Networking and the connected e-Infrastructures are becoming ubiquitous. Ensuring the smooth operation and integrity of the services for research communities in a rapidly changing environment are key challenges. This track focuses on the current state of the art and recent advances in these areas: networking, infrastructure, operations, and security. The scope of this track includes advances in high-performance networking (software defined networks, community private networks, the IPv4 to IPv6 transition, cross-domain provisioning), the connected data and compute infrastructures (storage and compute systems architectures, improving service and site reliability, interoperability between infrastructures, data centre models), monitoring tools and metrics, service management (ITIL and SLAs), and infrastructure/systems operations and management.  
  Also included here are issues related to the integrity, reliability, and security of services and data: developments in security middleware, operational security, security policy, federated identity management, community management, and lessons learned from operations during the COVID-19 pandemic. Submissions should address solutions in at least one of these areas.  

  (8) Infrastructure Clouds and Virtualizations   
  This track will focus on the development of cloud infrastructures and on the use of cloud computing and virtualization technologies in large-scale (distributed) computing environments in science and technology. We solicit papers describing underlying virtualization and "cloud" technology including integration of accelerators and support for specific needs of AI/ML and DNN, scientific applications and case studies related to using such technology in large scale infrastructure as well as solutions overcoming challenges and leveraging opportunities in this setting. Of particular interest are results exploring the usability of virtualization and infrastructure clouds from the perspective of machine learning and other scientific applications, the performance, reliability and fault-tolerance of solutions used, and data management issues. Papers dealing with the cost, price, and cloud markets, with security and privacy, as well as portability and standards, are also most welcome.  
   
  (9) Converging High Performance Computing Infrastructures: Supercomputers, clouds, accelerators   
  The classical simulation-oriented computing is nowadays complemented by the machined deep learning approaches. This requires novel approaches to build and integrate high performance computing infrastructures, combining supercomputers, clouds, and specialized accelerator and artificial intelligence hardware. The integration of these different systems, often provided by different owners and different location, requires new ideas for distribution and federation.  
   
  This track solicits recent research and development achievements and best practices in building and exploiting these converging high performance infrastructures or their components. The topics of interest include, but are not limited to the followings: (1) Building and use of modern high performance computing systems, including special support for AI and DNN in particular; (2) Experiences, use cases and best practices on the development and operation of large-scale heterogeneous applications; (3) Integration and interoperability to support coordinated federated use of different e-infrastructures (supercomputers, accelerated clouds, …) and their building blocks; (4) Use of virtualization techniques and containers to support access to and portability across different heterogeneous systems; (5) Performance of different applications on these integrated high performance infrastructures.  
   
  (10) Artificial Intelligence (AI)   
  During the last decade, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and statistical learning techniques have started to become pervasive in scientific applications, exploring the adoption of novel algorithms, modifying the design principles of application workflows, and impacting the way in which grid and cloud computing services are used by a diverse set of scientific communities. This track aims at discussing problems, solutions and application examples related to this area of research, ranging from R&D activities to production-ready solutions. Topics of interests in this track include: AI-enabled scientific workflows; novel approaches in scientific applications adopting machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) techniques; cloud-integrated statistical learning as-a-service solutions; anomaly detection techniques; predictive and prescriptive maintenance; experience with MLOps practices; AI-enabled adaptive simulations; experience on ML/DL models training and inference on different hardware resources for scientific applications.  
   
 Committees  (In last name alphabetic order) 
   
 Kento Aida, NII, JP | Jim Basney, Univ. of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. US 
 Daniele Bonacorsi, Univ. of Bologna,, IT | Alexandre M.J.J Bonvin, Utrecht Univ., NL 
 Yuan-Hann Chang, Academia Sinica, TW (Co-Chair) | Yaning, Arthur Chen, Tamkang Univ., TW 
 Gang Chen, IHEP/ CAS, CN | Patrick Fuhrmann, DESY, DE 
 David Groep, Nikhef, NL | Mark Hedges, King's College London, UK 
 David Kelsey, STFC-RAL, UK | Dieter Kranzlmüller, LMU Munich, DE 
 Yannick Legre, OPERAS, BE | Simon C.Lin, Academia Sinica, TW (Co-Chair) 
 Satoshi Matsuoka, Tokyo Inst. of Tech, JP | Ludek Matyska, CESNET, CZ (Chair) 
 Glenn Moloney, Univ. of Melbourne, AU | Tomoaki Nakamura, KEK, JP 
 Suhaimi Napis, MY | Alan Sill, Texas Tech Univ., US 
 Basuki Suhardiman, ITB, ID | Junichi Tanaka, Univ. of Tokyo, JP 
 Andrea Valassi, CERN, CH | Eric Yen, Academia Sinica, TW 

  The ISGC Program Committee and track conveners will review all submitted abstracts. Authors will receive notification of acceptance before 16 December 2022  . For any further questions, please contact the Secretariat.  
  Ms. Vicky Huang  / Ms. Stella Shen   
  
 Sincerely,  
   
  ISGC Secretariat  
  Academia Sinica Grid Computing Centre (ASGC)   
  Taipei, Taiwan  

 Created on: 23. 9. 2022    
 Section: News    

 About us 
  Services 
  e-INFRA CZ CONFERENCE 
  e-INFRA CZ CONFERENCE – Programme 
  News 
  Contacts 

  © 2021, Všechna práva vyhrazena e-INFRA CZ  
   
  Zpracování osobních údajů    
 Sitemap  |  NETservis s.r.o.  © 2024