Skip to main content  Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

 Main navigation  
 Publications | IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 
  IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Information Theory 
  IEEE BITS the Information Theory Magazine 
  IEEE Information Theory Society Newsletter 
  Conferences | IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory 
  IEEE Information Theory Workshop 
  Schools of Information Theory 
  Calendar of Upcoming Events 
  Information for Organizers 
  Videos 
  Membership | About Us 
  Become a Member 
  Chapters 
  Distinguished Lecturer Program 
  Awards | Awards 
  Make a Nomination 
  IEEE Fellows 
  Golden Jubilee Awards 
  Chapter of the Year Award 
  Community | Board of Governors 
  Committees 
  BoG Meetings 
  BoG Meeting Minutes 
  Governing Documents 
  Society Administrator 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Outreach 
  Thomas: Teaching Resources 
  Volunteer 
  News | News 
  Job Board 
  Submit an Announcement 
  Subscribe to the Mailing List 
  Help 
   
 Search  
 Search     
 Search    

 Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

  Home 
  2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT'23) 

 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT'23)    
  
 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT'23)    
   
 The 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT'23) will be held June 25–30, 2023 in Taipei, Taiwan.   

 The 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT'23) will be held June 25–30, 2023 in Taipei, Taiwan at the Taipei International Convention Center (TICC).   
   
  ISIT is the flagship international conference dedicated to the advancement of information theory and related areas.  
 Interested authors are encouraged to submit previously unpublished contributions from a broad range of topics related to information theory, including but not limited to the following areas:  
 Big Data Analytics 
  Coding for Communication and Storage 
  Coding Theory 
  Combinatorics and Information Theory 
  Communication Theory 
  Complexity and Computation Theory 
  Compressed Sensing and Sparsity 
  Cryptography and Security 
  Deep Learning for Communication Networks 
  Distributed Storage 
  Emerging Applications of Information Theory 
  Information Theory and Statistics 
  Information Theory in Biology 
  Information Theory in Computer Science 
  Network Coding and Applications 
  Network Data Analysis 
  Network Information Theory 
  Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning 
  Quantum Information and Coding Theory 
  Shannon Theory 
  Signal Processing 
  Source and Channel Modeling 
  Source Coding and Data Compression 
  Wireless Communication and Networks 
  ISIT 2023 will be hybrid. There is an "in-person track" and a "virtual track". Note the different submission deadlines for the two tracks  :  
 deadline for virtual track: | January 3, 2023 
  deadline for in-person track: | NEW: extended to February 5, 2023 
  Also note that the number of presentation slots in the virtual track is limited and that therefore a virtual presentation slot cannot be guaranteed.  
 The virtual track will consist of live presentations of one of the authors during the regular conference time in front of a mixed virtual and live audience, i.e., the in-person attendees of the conference will be able to join the virtual sessions live in the conference center. Pre-recorded videos will not be accepted.  
 ISIT 2023 will follow a soft double-blind reviewing policy  . For details see the conference website.  
 We look forward to welcoming you in Taipei!  

 More Information  
 Event Date   
 Jun 25, 2023  to Jun 30, 2023  Add to Calendar  2023-06-25 00:00:00  2023-06-30 00:00:00  2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT'23)  The 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT'23) will be held June 25–30, 2023 in Taipei, Taiwan.  Taipei, Taiwan  Stefan Moser  [email protected]   America/New_York  public      
 Event location   
 Taipei, Taiwan   
   
 Event type   
 Hybrid   
   
 Call For Papers Deadline   
 Feb 5, 2023   
    
 Contact name   
 Stefan Moser   

 Event URL   
 https://isit2023.org/    

 Subscribe to Our Mailing List  
 Receive announcements about conferences, news, job openings and more by subscribing to our mailing list.  

 SUBSCRIBE    

 Footer menu  
 Home 
  Contact 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Help 

 © Copyright 2021 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.   
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.