Login   Register    

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Conferences 
  News 
  About us 
  Contact us 

 (ISKE 2023) 2023 The 18th International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Knowledge Engineering  

 artificial intelligence  Computer Science and Technologies   
  Conference Date  
  Nov 17-Nov 19, 2023  

  Place  
  Fuzhou, China  

  Submission Deadline  
  Aug 31, 2023  

  E-mail  
  iske@youngac.cn  

  Website  
  http://www.iske2023.org/   

  Telephone  
  136 8834 9945  

 Description  

 ♦Full Name：The 18th International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Knowledge Engineering  
  ♦Abbreviation:ISKE 2023  
  ♦Conference Date:November 17-19, 2023  
  ♦Conference Destination:Fuzhou, China  
  ♦Conference Website:  
  https://www.iske2023.org/  
   
  ♦Organized by:  
  Fujian Normal University  
  Southwest Jiaotong University  
  ♦Supported by  
  University of Technology Sydney  
  Ulster University  
  National Association of Non-classic Logic and Computation Chinese Society of Logic  
  Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University  
   
  ♦About Conference:  
  It is our great pleasure to invite you to submit papers and attend the 18th International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Knowledge Engineering (ISKE 2023), which will be held in Fuzhou, China during November 17-19, 2023. ISKE 2023 is the 18th in a series following the successful previous ISKE Conferences since 2006. ISKE 2023 is organized by Fujian Normal Univeristy, China.  
   
  This conference aims to provide a platform for technical and scientific professionals from academia, research and industries in the fields of intelligent systems and knowledge engineering to exchange knowledge and distribute the emerging state-of-the-art technologies. ISKE 2023 accepts submissions that have not been published or submitted in any form elsewhere. Besides technical and research papers, submissions reporting on industrial case studies are also welcome. Accepted papers will be published in a conference proceeding.  
   
  ♦Steering Committee Chair:  
  Etienne E.Kerre, Ghent University, Belgium.  
  ♦Steering Committee:  
  Guoqing Chen, Tsinghua University, China;  
  Cengiz Kahraman, Istanbul Technical University, Turkey;  
  Tianrui Li, Southwest Jiaotong University, China;  
  Zhong Li, FernUniversität, Germany;  
  Jun Liu, University of Ulster, United Kingdom;  
  Jie Lu, University of Technology Sydney, Australia;  
  Luis Martinez López, University of Jaén, Spain;  
  Javier Montero, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain;  
  Ronei Macros de Moraes, Federal University of Paraíba, Brazil;  
  Yang Xu, Southwest Jiaotong University, China;  
  Xianyi Zeng, the ENSAIT Textile Institute, France.  
  ♦General Chairs:  
  Guoqing Chen, Tsinghua University, China;  
  Jie Lu, University of Technology Sydney, Australia;  
  Javier Montero, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain;  
  Yang Xu, Southwest Jiaotong University, China.  
  ♦Program Chairs:  
  Tianqiang Huang, Fujian Normal University, China;  
  Tianrui Li, Southwest Jiaotong University, China;  
  Jun Liu, University of Ulster, UK;  
  Luis Martínez López, University of Jaén, Spain.  
  ♦Organization Chairs:  
  Li Xu, Fujian Normal University, China;  
  Shuwei Chen, Southwest Jiaotong University, China;  
  Zhong Li, FernUniversität, Germany.  
  ♦Publication Chairs:  
  Xiaoping Qiu, Southwest Jiaotong University, China;  
  Junbo Zhang, JD.com, China;  
  Li Zou, Shandong Jianzhu University, China;  
  Zhen Fang, University of Technology Sydney, Australia.  
  ♦Special Session Chairs:  
  Guangquan Zhang, University of Technology Sydney, Australia;  
  Cengiz Kahraman, Istanbul Technical University, Turkey;  
  Min Han, Southwest Jiaotong University, China.  
  ♦Sponsor Co-Chairs:  
  Feng Ye, Fujian Normal University, China.  
  ♦Web and Content Co-Chairs:  
  Haifeng Luo, Fujian Normal University, China;  
  Xingxing He, Southwest Jiaotong University, China.  
  ♦Registration Chairs:  
  Jie Hu, Southwest Jiaotong University, China.  
   
  ♦Call for Papers:  
  ISKE aims to provide a platform for technical and scientific professionals from academia, research and industries in the fields of intelligent systems and knowledge engineering to exchange knowledge and distribute the emerging state-of-the-art technologies. ISKE 2023 accepts submissions that have not been published or submitted in any form elsewhere. Besides technical and research papers, submissions reporting on industrial case studies are also welcome. Accepted papers will be published in a conference proceeding by IEEE. The proceedings will be submitted and reviewed by the IEEE Xplore and EI Compendex and Scopus after the conference.  
  The topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
   
  -Artificial Intelligent Methodology and System  
  Artificial Intelligence Theories  
  Machine Learning  
  Soft Computing and Fuzzy Systems  
  Probabilistic Reasoning  
  Genetic and Swarm Computing  
  Speech Recognition  
  Logic, Reasoning & Problem Solving  
  Image/Video Processing, Computer Vision  
  Brain-Computer Interface  
  Intelligent System Models  
  Multi- Agent Systems  
  Case-Based Reasoning, Neural Networks  
  Search, Optimization and Planning  
  Pattern Recognition  
  Computer Vision  
  Biological Inspired Computation  
  Computational Intelligence  
  Computational Neuroscience  
  Non-classical Logic and Computation  
  Automated Reasoning  
  Formal Verification  
   
  -Knowledge Engineering and Management  
  Knowledge Representation and Modeling  
  Knowledge Elicitation  
  Expert Systems or Decision Support Systems  
  Workflow Management Systems  
  Ontology Engineering  
  Natural Language Processing  
  Textual Entailment  
  Document Preparation and Text Processing  
  Information Storage, Annotation and Retrieval  
  Data Simulation, Modeling, and Visualization  
  Knowledge Maintenance  
  Knowledge- Based Systems  
  Business Process Reengineering  
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery  
  Information and Knowledge Integration  
  Question Answering Systems  
  Language Translation and Linguistics  
  Unstructured and Semi-Structured Data Retrieval  
  Text Mining, Classification and Summarization  
  Content Management and Knowledge  
  Management Systems  
   
  -Practical Applications of AI and Knowledge Engineering  
  Social Computing, Service Computing and Mobile Computing  
  Intelligent Multimedia  
  Intelligent Engineering Systems  
  Knowledge Engineering in E-commerce, in Art and in Education  
  Intelligent Healthcare Systems  
  Intelligent Bioinformatics Systems  
  Adaptive and Intelligent Control Systems, Perceptron and Navigation  
  User Interfaces and Human Computer Interaction  
  Intelligent Game  
  Business Intelligence  
  Intelligent Systems in Engineering and Science  
  E-learning and Intelligent Tutoring Systems  
  Knowledge based Software Engineering  
  Intelligent issues in GIS, Networks or in Internet of Things  
  Social Issues of Knowledge Engineering  
   
  ♦Publication:  
  The accepted papers passed through the peer-reviewed process after proper registration and presentation will be published into conference proceedings by IEEE, which will be included into IEEE Xplore and indexed by EI compendex and Scopus.  
   
  ♦Contact Us:  
  Secretary: Dawn Luo  
  Email: iske@youngac.cn  
  Contact No.: +86-136 8834 9945 / +86-28-87555888  
  Working Time: Monday - Friday: 10:00am-18:00pm   

 Friendly links   
 Terms & Privacy Policy    
   
 Copyright @ 2018 iconf.org name All rights reserved