Toggle navigation      ISPDC 2023    
 ISPDC 2023 
  Call for papers 
  People 
  Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Author area | Paper submission 
  Camera Ready 
  Registration 
  Venue | Accomodation 
  Social event 
  Conference Dinner 
  Past editions 

 ISPDC 2023  
 The 22nd IEEE International Symposium on Parallel and Distributed Computing, Bucharest, Romania  

 ISPDC 2023  ISPDC 2023  

 22 nd  IEEE International Symposium on Parallel and Distributed Computing   
 10-12 July 2023  , Bucharest, Romania   

 Nowadays applications generate enormous datasets that are continuously increasing exponentially in both complexity and volume, making their analysis, archival, and sharing one of the grand challenges of modern big data analytics. Supported by the rise of Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning, such enormous datasets are becoming valuable resources even beyond their original scope, opening new opportunities to learn patterns and extract new knowledge at large scale, potentially without human intervention. However, this leads to an increasing complexity of the workflows that combine traditional HPC simulations with Big Data analytics and AI applications. In a quest to keep up with the complexity of the workflows, the design and operation of the infrastructures capable of running them efficiently at scale has evolved accordingly. Ideas pioneered by cloud and edge computing (aspects related to elasticity, multi-tenancy, geo-distributed processing, stream computing) are also beginning to be adopted in the HPC ecosystem (containerized workflows, on-demand jobs to complement batch jobs, streaming of experimental data from instruments directly to supercomputers, etc.). Thus, modern scientific applications need to be integrated into an entire Compute Continuum from the edge all the way to supercomputers and large data-centers using flexible infrastructures and middlewares. This year’s edition of ISPDC makes a highlight  on the efficient support for processing across such a Computing Continuum.   The conference is supported by IEEE Technical Committee on Parallel Processing (TCPP) and IEEE Technical Committee on Distributed Processing (TCDP) – pending.  
 Following very successful previous editions in different venues since 2002, the 22 nd  IEEE ISPDC conference will be hosted by the University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest, Bucharest, Romania. The conference aims at presenting original and unpublished research that will target state-of-the-art as well as emerging topics pertaining to the field of Parallel and Distributed Computing paradigms and applications. Parallel and Distributed Computing is today a central topic in computer science, engineering and society in the development of new approaches for the modeling, design, analysis, evaluation, and programming of future parallel and distributed computing systems and applications.  
 We cordially invite you to submit your contribution to ISPDC 2023. See important dates    column on the right side of this website. The event program will host presentations of invited talks, contributed papers, oral communications, and industrial sessions. Accepted papers will be part of the IEEE ISPDC 2023 conference proceedings (Conference Record #59212) which will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. Accepted research papers (full and short) must be presented at the conference by one of the authors.  
 Authors are invited to submit manuscripts in the form or short (5 pages)   or full papers (8 pages)   that present original and unpublished research as well oral communications (1-4 pages description)   about previously published work, position papers, and results from R&D projects in all areas of parallel and distributed computing and applications. The ISPDC 2023 conference scope is focused on, but not limited to, the following topics:  
  
 Applications of parallel and distributed systems 
  Efficient Support for the Computing Continuum (combining HPC, Cloud and Edge Computing) 
  Algorithms and Models for Large Scale Applications 
  Architectures and Environments for Parallel and Distributed Computing 
  Performance Modeling, Analysis and Evaluation for Parallel and Distributed Systems 
  Security and Privacy in Parallel and Distributed Systems 
  Blockchain and Distributed Ledgers 
  Mobile and Embedded Computing 

 For more details, visit the Call for papers  page.  

 Search for:    Search     
 IMPORTANT DATES  
 Abstracts:  
  April 8th, 2023  (optional)   
  Papers/Oral Comm:  
  April 16, 2023 AoE   
  (extended hard dealine)   
  Notification:  
  May 30, 2023    
  Camera-ready:  
  June 28, 2023    
  Author & Early Registration:  
  June 05 - June 16, 2023    
  Regular Registration:  
  after June 17, 2023    
  Conference:  
  July 10 - July 12, 2023   
  Social Event:  
  July 13, 2023  (optional)  

 PAPER SUBMISSION  

 Tweets by ispdc2023    
   
 ORGANIZER  

 PARTNERS & SPONSORS  

 CONTACT  

 crescdi@upb.ro  

 © 2024 |  Proudly Powered by WordPress  |  Theme: Nisarg