ISSAC  
 International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation  
   
 Home 
  Special Issue 
  Program 
  Invited Talks 
  Tutorials 
  Papers 
  Posters 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Committees 
    
 About ISSAC 
  Past Conferences 
   
 Sponsored by:  

 Special Issue on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation (ISSAC 2023)  
 Following the 48th International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation, ISSAC 2023, held in Tromsø, Norway July 24-27, 2023, we are pleased to announce a special issue of the Journal of Symbolic Computation ( https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/journal-of-symbolic-computation  ) dedicated to this event.  
   
  We are inviting submissions of high-quality original research papers that showcase significant contributions to the field. The focus of this special issue will be on works presented at ISSAC 2023, including papers, tutorials, plenary talks, short communications, and software presentations. We encourage substantial additions to these presentations, such as significant generalizations or comprehensive implementation reports. However, we also welcome submissions that closely relate to the topics discussed at ISSAC 2023.  
   
  Guest editors: Marianne Akian (INRIA Saclay Île-de-France and CMAP, France) 
  Gema Diaz-Toca (University of Murcia, Spain) 
  Alperen Ergür (University of Texas at San Antonio, USA) 
  Elias Tsigaridas, Executive Guest Editor (Inria Paris and Sorbonne University, France) 
   
  Manuscript submission information:  
  Tentative Schedule: Submission Open Date: September 15, 2023 
  Submission Deadline: December 15, 2023 
  Editorial Acceptance Deadline: April 2024 
  Authors are strongly encouraged to follow Elsevier's LaTeX instructions ( https://www.elsevier.com/latex  ) and submit the resulting pdf. Final versions will have to be sent with tex sources. All submitted papers will be refereed according to the usual JSC refereeing process. Submission is via EasyChair, at the website: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=jscissac23   
   
  The introduction of the paper must succinctly explain the problem considered, explicitly describe its importance, the contribution of the paper, how it is related to the existing literature. In addition and when applicable, the authors should explain in a cover letter to the editors and reviewers what the significant improvements and enhancements are, compared to the related ISSAC 2023 paper.  
   
  Since there is no severe page limit, the paper must be complete, with all issues be carefully discussed, all relevant references properly cited and discussed, all theorems rigorously proved with (reasonable) details, all important definitions/theorems/algorithms illustrated by well chosen examples, all feedbacks from the conference's referee process addressed.