GSW   

 Home 
  About | ISPRS 
  THE GEOSPATIAL WEEK 
  MBRSC 
  Committees | International Scientific Committee 
  Local Scientific Committee 
  Local Organizing Committee 
  Call For Paper | Instructions for Authors 
  Paper Submissions 
  Important Dates 
  Program Overview | Program Overview 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Sessions Programme 
  Travel Grants 
  Registrations 
  Sponsorship/Exhibition 
  PLAN YOUR TRIP | Travel to Dubai 
  Visa 
  Emirates Airlines 
  Travel to Venue 
  Contact 
  Humberger Toggle Menu      

 ISSDQ  
 In this symposium we aim to address urban issues of spatial data quality, as they relate to Artificial Intelligence (AI) and in the presence of big data. Deep learning requires high quality data to result in high quality results. In order to tune the workshop, we like to focus on one specific study area, and for the GSW 2021 the target is the city of Dubai, being a modern city with an old core that is rapidly developing and where both 2- and 3-dimensional spatial information can be collected. Such an urban area is of interest in scaling from the household through the neighborhood to the whole city and its environment, within-city spatial variability and uses of data for decision support. In the frame of the workshop also the big data companies, such as google, will be invited to participate. We further see scope for having a stakeholder event where typical governmental and planning agencies will be invited. Finally, we aim to have specific attention to ethical issues of spatial data quality, like questioning the fitness for specific uses.  

 Chairs  

 Prof. Alfred Stein, University of Twente, The Netherlands | Prof. W. Shi, Hong Kong Polytechnical University, Hong Kong 
 Prof. M. Delavar, University of Tehran, Iran |  

 THEMES OF EVENT  

 The workshop aims to bring together researchers involved in different topics related to Spatial Data Quality, from the data themselves, through the methodologies towards the applications in its widest sense. A non-exhaustive list of points of attention in this workshop are  
 Spatial data quality in space and time 
  Spatial data quality in relation to Big Data 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Voluntary Geographical Information 
  Uncertainty modeling 
  Spatial-temporal data mining 
  Spatial information fusion 
  Multidimensional geospatial data and analyses 
  Smart city management 
  Uncertainty assessment 
  Remote sensing images registration and classification 
  Geospatial and environmental analyses 
  Multi-criteria decision making and spatial decision support system 
  Spatial cognition 
  Geo-ontologies 
  Uncertainty propagation in spatial analyses 
  Error assessment and propagation in DEMs/DSMs/DTMs 

 Scientific Committee  

 Dr. Christine Pohl, University of Osnabrück, Germany 
  Prof. Mike Goodchild , University of California, USA 
  Prof. Cyril de Runz, Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, France 
  Prof. Cidália Maria Parreira da Costa Fonte, Universitade Coimbra, Portugal 
  Dr. Gerhard Navratil, TU Wien, Austria 
  Prof. Xiaohua Tong, Tongji University, China 

 Prof. Alexis Comber, University of Leeds, UK 
  Prof. Shortridge Ashton, Michigan State University, USA 
  Dr. Rodolphe Devillers, Memorial University of Newfoundland, Canada 
  Dr. Ana-Maria Raimond, IGN, France 
  Prof. Giles Foody, University of Nottingham, UK 
  Prod. Kirsi-Kanerva Virrantaus, Aalto University, Finland 

 ABOUT GSW  

 The ISPRS Geospatial Week (GSW) is a combination of workshops organised by about 30 ISPRS Working Groups active in areas of interest of ISPRS.   

 ABOUT MBRSC  

 The Mohammed Bin Rashid Space Centre (MBRSC) is a Dubai Government entity which aims to promote scientific innovation and technological advancement in the UAE.  

 CONTACT US  

 Mohammed Bin Rashid Space Centre (MBRSC)  
  Al Khawaneej Area P.O.Box: 211833  
  UAE, DUBAI  
  Phone : +971-4-6071200  
  Email: [email protected]   

 IMPORTANT LINKS  

 MBRSC 
  GSW 2023 
  ISPRS 
  ABOUT DUBAI 

 © Copyright GSW2025, All Right Reserved