Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
     
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Home 
  Committee | Track Chairs 
  Call for Papers | Author Guidelines 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Programme | Keynote Speakers 
  Panels 
  Workshops 
  Venue & Travel | Conference Venue & Hotels 
  Travelling to Wales & Swansea University 
  Contacts 

 IEEE International Symposium on Technology and Society (ISTAS23)    
 Technology and Analytics for Global Development    
 13th – 15th September 2023  
 Swansea University, Swansea, Wales  

 IMPORTANT DATES   
 1st March 2023:  21 st  March 2023 (Extended):    
 Paper submissions   
 1st May 2023:    
 Notification of acceptance  
 9 th  June 2023:    
 Submission of final version  
 30 th  June 2023:    
 Early bird Presenter registration  
 31 July 2023:    
 Early bird Delegate registration  
 IEEE ISTAS 2023 Programme   
 Supported by  

 Technical Co-Sponsors   

 The IEEE International Symposium on Technology and Society (ISTAS) is the flagship conference of the IEEE’s Society on Social Implications of Technology (SSIT). ISTAS is a multi-disciplinary and interdisciplinary forum for engineers, policy makers, entrepreneurs, philosophers, researchers, social scientists, and technologists to collaborate, exchange experiences, and discuss the social implications of technology.   
 VENUE    
 IEEE ISTAS 2023 takes place in the Great Hall, Bay Campus  , Swansea University (Building 7, pay & display parking for delegates P1).   
   
 IEEE ISTAS 2023 PROGRAMME    
 The IEEE ISTAS 2023 Program  incorporates a mix of keynote presentations  ,  interactive panels  ,  paper sessions and professional development workshops  , which are aligned with SSIT’s Technical Activities.   
 Click here to download the current version of the Programme    
   
 IEEE HTB Pre-Conference Networking Event, 6pm Tuesday 12 September    
   
 IEEE Humanitarian Technology Board (HTB) is cooperating with IEEE UK and Ireland Society on Social Implications of Technology (SSIT) Chapter, SSIT IST-Africa SIGHT and IEEE ISTAS 2023 to organise a pre-conference briefing and networking event on Tuesday 12 September from 6pm – 7:30pm in Computational Foundry 002, Swansea University.   
   
 This event is open to anyone with an interest in ICT4Development and exploring opportunities to support local community needs by leveraging technological innovation. Please click here to register for physical participation  . Please share this opportunity with relevant stakeholders.   
 IEEE ISTAS 2023 REGISTRATION    
 Registration – Click here to complete registration    
 The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are global grand challenges that are inherently complex, multi-faceted and socially embedded (Corbett & Mellouli, 2017). The SDGs inevitably encounter tensions between their design and implementation, representing design-reality gaps (Pradhan et al., 2022; Heeks, 2020a; Dennehy et al., 2014). While optimism is relatively high about the role of technology and analytics in the context of global development (Smidt & Jokonya, 2022), significant learning remains about how best to use them as ‘platforms that mediate development’ (Heeks 2020b). Further, despite the efforts made by scholars to advance understanding about the role of technology and analytics for global development (e.g., Dwivedi et al., 2021; Khene & Masiero, 2022; Masiero & Arvidsson, 2021), a concerted effort within and between academic disciplines, policy-makers, practitioners, and the intended beneficiaries of the SDGs will help to discover and create better ways to achieve the SDGs. ISTAS23 aims to bring together contributions from a variety of perspectives, disciplines, and communities for the advancement of knowledge regarding Technology and Analytics for Global Development. We invite participation from academics and practitioners who are engaged in current debates about the role and significance of technology and analytics, and who are interested in topics related to sustainability, ethics, equity, and social values for global development.   
 IEEE ISTAS 2023 is Supported by the School of Management, Swansea University  and IEEE Humanitarian Technologies Board  .   
 IEEE ISTAS 2023 is Technical Co-sponsored by IEEE Region 8  , IEEE UK and Ireland Section  , IEEE UK and Ireland SSIT Chapter  and IEEE UK and Ireland Education Chapter  .   

 I'm not an engineer—should I attend?  
 Yes! Interdisciplinarity is not exclusive!  
  
 Are you a member of one of the following communities?  
 PIT UN | – Public Interest Technology University Network 
  4S | – Society for Social Studies of Science 
  HASTAC | – Humanities, Arts, Science, and Technology Alliance and Collaboratory 
  fPET | – Forum on Philosophy, Engineering and Technology 
  SPT | – The Society for Philosophy and Technology 
  SHOT | – Society for the History of Technology 
  Other IEEE Societies 
  Everyone is welcome because the future is for everyone  .  

 Membership   
 Become a Member of IEEE SSIT   
 Promoted   

 Students sign up today for only $4 US.  

 Join Our Society    

 Subscribe to our Newsletter   
 Visit our IEEE SSIT Newsletter   page.  

 Newsletter   
 Share this article  

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
   
 Join IEEE    

  Back to Top