Skip to content    19 th  International Symposium on Visual Computing  
  Lake Tahoe, NV   
 October 21-23, 2024   

  Slide One   

 emerald bay   

 Tahoe3   

 Tahoe2   

 Tahoe2   

 Harrahs1   

 HOME 
  OPEN CALLS | CALL FOR PAPERS 
  CALL FOR SPECIAL TRACKS 
  CALL FOR TUTORIALS 
  COMMITTEES | ORGANIZING COMMITTEE 
  PROGRAM COMMITTEE 
  CALL FOR NEW MEMBERS 
  PROGRAM | MAIN SYMPOSIUM 
  SPECIAL TRACKS 
  TUTORIALS 
  SOCIAL EVENT 
  KEYNOTES 
  SPONSORSHIP | APPLICATION 
  SPONSORS 
  PHOTOS 
  JOBS 

 Submission  
 Submissions for the main symposium or a special track must be in PDF file format (20MB max size). Authors will be able to update/change their paper submission(s) before the deadline. All information submitted must be error free, as it will be used for reviewing purposes and to generate the final symposium program and proceedings. During submission, you will be asked to select some research topics (including special tracks) that best fit your paper(s). Please, carefully choose these topics as they will be used by the system to find qualified reviewers for your paper(s).  
 Each paper will be reviewed by at least three members of the Program Committee (PC) using a “double-blind” review process to determine its appropriateness for acceptance and presentation (oral or poster) at ISVC. Therefore, paper submissions should not contain names or other information revealing authors’ identity  .  
 A complete paper should be submitted in camera-ready format for review purposes. The length should match that intended for final publication. Papers accepted for the symposium will be allocated 12 pages in the proceedings (including references), with the option of purchasing up to 2 extra pages for $100 per page. If you are unwilling or unable to pay the extra charge you should limit yourself to 12 pages. Otherwise the page limit is 14 pages. All paper submissions will be handled electronically through our online web submission system.  
 Review  
 This is a fully refereed symposium. Papers submitted to ISVC must not have been previously published and must not be currently under consideration for publication in another conference. Submissions will be reviewed with an emphasis on potential to contribute to the state of the art in the field. Selection criteria include accuracy and originality of ideas, clarity and significance of results, and presentation quality. The form of presentation (oral or poster) will be decided based on the reviews of each submission and recommendation of the program chairs and the steering committee.  
 ChatGPT policy:  ChatGPT can be used for proofreading assistance but NOT  for manuscript writing, manufacturing of data, results, and arguments. Strong suspicion of violation of the above policy will result in automatically rejecting the submission.  
 Attendance  
 ISVC is a premier forum for presenting and discussing current research in visual computing. At least one author must attend and present the paper at the symposium. If no author can attend the symposium and present their paper(s) due to unforeseen reasons, they should contact the steering committee chair to make alternative arrangements (i.e., video presentation or presentation by another attendee).  Papers not presented at the symposium without a valid reason will be withdrawn from the symposium proceedings.   
 Publication  
 All papers, regardless to the form of presentation (i.e., oral or poster), will appear in the symposium proceedings, which will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). In submitting a paper the author(s) agree that, upon acceptance, they will prepare the final manuscript in time for inclusion into the symposium proceedings, attend the symposium in person, and present the paper.  
 Formatting  
 To format your paper, follow the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) guidelines and technical instructions  closely. Springer will eventually re-format all papers to produce the camera-ready pdf versions using the same formatting instructions. Therefore, if an author has squashed his or her paper by removing vertical spaces or changing font sizes, etc., the final pdf will cover more pages and additional page charges will apply.  
 Color Pages  
 There is no charge for color pages in the on-line  paper proceedings. Color figures in the printed  paper proceedings cost between 250 Euros per page on average and must be explicitly requested during registration (i.e., email admin@isvc.net).  
 Camera-Ready Manuscripts  
 Papers will be published both in printed proceedings and online. Since papers would need to be reformatted, besides submitting the pdf version of your paper, you would also need to submit ALL  files needed for generating the pdf file, for example:  
 (1) the tex-file(s) including any special style files you may have used,  
  (2) all images and illustrations in PostScript and/or PDF, and the final document in  
  (3) DVI (or Word doc and rtf file),  
  (4) PostScript and  
  (5) PDF formats.  
 Create a single gzipped tar-file or a ZIP archive file containing all files. Specific instructions where to upload your gzipped file will be provided at a later time.  
 As noted earlier, Springer will re-produce the final pdf version of all papers. They will contact you by email at a later time (i.e., after 3-4 weeks) for final approval of your paper(s). The e-mail will come from India and will have attachments (i.e., make sure that your spam filter does not reject it!!).  
 Copyright form  
 The copyright form can be downloaded from the LNCS web site  . It must be signed by at least one author to publish the paper in Springer Lecture Notes on Computer Science. Papers without signed copyright form will not be included in the proceedings. Please sign the form and submit it along with your final paper materials. In the “Editors” field, please put “Bebis et al.”  
  Paper Submission    
  
  Share    Tweet     

 Search for:       
 SYMPOSIUM FLYER 
  PAPER SUBMISSION 
  ONLINE REGISTRATION 
  ACCOMMODATION 
  VISA INFORMATION 
  CONTACT US 

 Subscribe for News and Announcements  
   Email     

 HOME 
  OPEN CALLS 
  COMMITTEES 
  PROGRAM 
  KEYNOTES 
  SPONSORSHIP 
  PHOTOS 
  JOBS 

 Facebook 
  Twitter 

 Copyright © 2024 ISVC