Toggle theme   Light 
  Dark 
  Auto 

 Sign up    

 Home  About  News  Membership  Events  Programs  Policies  Resources  Pages   
   
 Events 
  ITiCSE Conference 

 ITiCSE Conference  
 We are calling for expressions of interest in the ITiCSE leadership for future years.    
 The ACM Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education (ITiCSE) is one of four conferences sponsored by the ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE). It is the only SIGCSE conference overseen in conjunction with two other organizations, the ACM Europe Council and Informatics Europe. It is an international informatics/computing education conference held annually in Europe in June or July and has existed since 1996.  
 SIGCSE provides a forum for educators to discuss issues related to the development, implementation, and/or evaluation of computing programs, curricula, and courses, as well as syllabi, laboratories, and other elements of teaching and pedagogy. ACM Europe Council was created by ACM to recognise and support European ACM members and activities. Informatics Europe represents the academic and research community in Informatics in Europe. With over 140 member institutions across 33 countries, Informatics Europe promotes common positions and acts on common priorities including informatics education.  
 The ITiCSE conference has been held annually since 1996, in late June or early July. It has been held in many different countries (see list below). Attendance regularly exceeds 200. This conference brings together delegates from all over the world to address pressing issues in computing education. In addition to invited lectures, paper, panel, poster and "tips & techniques" sessions, the conference provides facilities and exposure for working groups of up to ten members, whose final reports may be published by SIGCSE. Exhibits and tutorials are also offered. Plus good food, good company and interesting locales. If you have never been to an ITiCSE, do yourself a favor and go. You will not regret it!  
 Typical ITiCSE Schedule  
 Friday Working groups arrive and meet 
  Saturday Working groups meet, doctoral consortium 
  Sunday Working groups meet, doctorcal consortium continues, delegates arrive, opening reception 
  Monday Conference opening, Keynote speech, followed by a full day of sessions 
  Tuesday A.M.: Plenary meeting followed by sessions 
  Tuesday P.M.: Tourist excursion(s) 
  Tuesday Evening: Conference banquet 
  Wednesday Plenary meeting followed by a full day of sessions 
  Poster sessions at coffee breaks Monday through Wednesday. 
  Policies  
 ITiCSE Specific  
 Current Steering committee  
 Policies that apply to all conferences  
 Get Involved  
 Proposing an ITiCSE Location  
 The ITiCSE Steering Committee would like to hear from computing faculty interested in hosting an ITiCSE conference at their institution or those interested in serving as program chairs. Here is the call for Expressing Interest in the leadership for future ITiCSE.   
 For further information about see the ITiCSE FAQ  or for additional information about hosting ITiCSE, here are some guidelines  .  
 Application for Membership of the Conference Committee  
 Prospective ITiCSE Conference Committee members are expected to have previous ITiCSE involvement including previous conference attendance. Working group participation and previous conference organizing experience are, while not strictly required, highly recommended.  
 If interested, apply to be a member of the conference committee by filling out this form   . See the ITICSE section on Policies (above) for details on responsibilities for the different positions. Also feel free to consult the ITiCSE FAQ  for additional information about the conference.  
 ITiCSE History  
 A History of SIGCSE Events  (maintained by Susan Rodger)  
 Latest ITiCSE conferences  
 Follow these links for the current ITiCSE Conference  or the previous ITiCSE conference web sites and proceedings in the ACM DL. You can even browse by the proceeding covers  .  
 28th ITiCSE 2023 | : Turku, Finland, July 10-12, 2023. | https://iticse.acm.org/2023/ | Proceedings: | ITiCSE 2023: Proceedings of the 2023 Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education V. 1 
  ITiCSE 2023: Proceedings of the 2023 Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education V. 2 
  ITiCSE-WGR ‘23: Proceedings of the 2023 Working Group Reports on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education 
  27th ITiCSE 2022 | : Dublin Ireland, July 8 - 13, 2022. | https://iticse.acm.org/2022/ | Proceedings: | ITiCSE ’22: Proceedings of the 27th ACM Conference on on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education v1 
  ITiCSE ’22: Proceedings of the 27th ACM Conference on on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education v2 
  ITiCSE-WGR ‘22: Proceedings of the 2022 Working Group Reports on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education 
  26th ITiCSE 2021 | : Virtual Event (scheduled for Paderborn, Germany), June 26-July 1, 2022. | https://iticse.acm.org/2021/ | Proceedings: | ITiCSE ‘21: Proceedings of the 26th ACM Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education v1 
  ITiCSE ‘21: Proceedings of the 26th ACM Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education v2 
  ITiCSE-WGR ‘21: Proceedings of the 2021 Working Group Reports on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education 
  View all ITiCSE conferences 
    
 About SIGCSE  
 The aim of SIGCSE is to provide an equitable global forum that promotes and advances research, teaching, and practice in computing education at all educational levels across all demographics  
  
 Upcoming SIGCSE Events  
 ITiCSE 2024  
 8-10 July 2024 (WG: 5-7 July)  
  Milan, Italy 
  ICER '24  
 13-15 August 2024  
  RMIT, Melbourne, Australia 
  SIGCSE Virtual 2024  
 05-07 December 2024  
  Online 
  Technical Symposium 2025  
 Feb-26 to Mar-01, 2025  
  Pittsburgh, PA 
  RESPECT 2025  
 To be announced 
  CompEd 2025  
 23-25 October 2025  
  Gaborone, Botswana 
  Many conferences across the world are held in-cooperation with SIGCSE  . 

 Back to top  • Site last updated on 2024-10-31  • Blog template built for Bootstrap  by @mdo