ITS    

 NIDS    

 BFAL    

 IIS COMMUNITY    

 THE ORGANISERS   

  REGISTER     

 IIS organizes conferences, educational seminars, tutorials and workshops for researchers, academics and business representatives. IIS is the Institute of Intelligent Systems, which examines and studies interdisciplinary science, such as Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality, Gamification, Machine Learning or Virtual Reality  .    

 Dear ITS friends ,   
   
 we are happy to announce that the ITS2024 Conference which will take place in June 2024 in Thessaloniki (Greece) has been launched. Please check the  CFP   to submit your work. Looking forward to meeting you all in the beautiful city of Thessaloniki.    
   
 You can check our ITS2024 website here:   
   
 https://iis-international.org/its2024-generative-intelligence-and-its/    

 ITS 
  NIDS 
  Institute of Intelligent Systems   
 The Series of Intelligent Tutoring Systems Conferences on Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality, Gamification, Machine Learning or Virtual Reality.  
    
 ITS international conferences constitute the heart of IIS. The first ITS conference was held in Montreal in 1988.  

 Novel & Intelligent Digital Systems (NiDS) international conferences   
 NiDS places a special emphasis on the interdisciplinary research for enabling, supporting and promoting AI in software development. It regroups and promotes high-quality research, creating a forum for challenges and novel advancements in AI to be explored. It triggers an exchange of ideas in this field, reinforcing and expanding the network of researchers, academics, and market representatives.  
 NiDS refers to both experts/researchers and readers in the fields of artificial and computational intelligence in systems, as well as computer science in general, who wish to learn more about the pertinent fields which are strongly related and mutually complementary.  

 ITS2023  

 ITS2023  is the upcoming Conference of the series of Intelligent Tutoring Systems Conferences on Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning in Tutoring and Education. ITS2023  will be held in Corfu, Greece from June 2 to June 5, 2023.  The conference will be hybrid and it will allow participants to attend it on-line too.  

  CFP ITS2023     

 NIDS2023  

 ITS2023  is the upcoming Conference of the series of Intelligent Tutoring Systems Conferences on Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning in Tutoring and Education. ITS2023  will be held in Corfu, Greece from June 2 to June 5, 2023.  The conference will be hybrid and it will allow participants to attend it on-line too.  

  CFP NIDS2023     

 IIS Academic Community  

 The Institute of Intelligent Systems (IIS) Academic community is constituted by important personalities from all over the world that are constantly contributing to improving our international conferences.   

  IIS Academic Community     

 IIS KeyNote speeches  

 On the following section you can check out all the KeyNote Speeches from our previous international conferences.   

  IIS KeyNote Speeches     

 conference organizers  

 IIS organizes conferences, educational seminars, tutorials and workshops for researchers, academics and business representatives.   
 IIS is the permanent organiser of the Intelligent Tutoring System Conference (ITS) series on advanced computer science linked with education, Cognitive Psychology, pedagogy, health and neurosciences, social welfare, sports, transportation, environment, infrastructure, etc. In addition to the ITS Conference, a variety of seminars, tutorials and workshops invite professors, PhD and Postdoc students, as well as tech-exhibitors to present their research and outcomes to academia, industry, university peers and colleagues. Conference proceedings are published with Springer in the Lecture Notes on Computer Sciences (LNCS) series and Lecture Notes on Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series.  
 Read More   Show Less     

 TEAM   

 The activities of IIS are managed by a team of renowned academics and experienced educational consultants.   
 The main activities of IIS, such as conferences, seminars, tutorials and workshops, as well as tech-exhibitions, are planned and coordinated in the context of the IIS strategy. For more than 30 years, the team of IIS have been exploring the dynamics of new research in the field of computer technologies, as well as the developments in Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning. The team plans and organises these various actions in order to invite university, research institutes and other types of partners and stakeholders for the promotion of exchange of ideas to strengthen further scientific endeavours.   
 Read More   Show Less     

 management   

 NEOANALYSIS, a consulting and event management company, is officially tasked with the management of IIS and the organisation of the ITS Conferences since 2012.   
 Kitty Panourgia, from NEOANALYSIS, is the ITS Conference Organisation Chair and the coordinator of the activities of IIS. She has an academic background in Psychology and Education, holding a PhD in Education from the University of Geneva, Switzerland. She is specialized in the organization and planning of educational activities and interventions, and their publicity and promotion.   
 Read More  Show Less     

 OUR STRATEGIES  

   Connecting People  
 To connect various research areas with each other, to advance the academic field of Intelligent Systems, improve its adaptability to industry needs and real-life problems.  

   Technological Development  
 To promote high-quality and state-of-the-art research to set the foundation for progress and development.  

   Coping with new Challenges  
 To anticipate and respond to new challenges of the international tech-industry, academia and research community through a regrouping within the field and exchange of ideas.  

   Scientific Networks  
 To provide a forum for scientific networking worldwide.  

 Institute of Intelligent Systems   

 Menu  

 HOME     
    
 ITS     
    
 NIDS     
    
 BFAL     

 Contact Us  

 +30 210 523 2044 
  info@iis-international.org 
  Marni 56, Athens (Greece) - 10437