Skip to main content  Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

 Main navigation  
 Publications | IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 
  IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Information Theory 
  IEEE BITS the Information Theory Magazine 
  IEEE Information Theory Society Newsletter 
  Conferences | IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory 
  IEEE Information Theory Workshop 
  Schools of Information Theory 
  Calendar of Upcoming Events 
  Information for Organizers 
  Videos 
  Membership | About Us 
  Become a Member 
  Chapters 
  Distinguished Lecturer Program 
  Awards | Awards 
  Make a Nomination 
  IEEE Fellows 
  Golden Jubilee Awards 
  Chapter of the Year Award 
  Community | Board of Governors 
  Committees 
  BoG Meetings 
  BoG Meeting Minutes 
  Governing Documents 
  Society Administrator 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Outreach 
  Thomas: Teaching Resources 
  Volunteer 
  News | News 
  Job Board 
  Submit an Announcement 
  Subscribe to the Mailing List 
  Help 
   
 Search  
 Search     
 Search    

 Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

  Home 
  2023 IEEE Information Theory Workshop 

 2023 IEEE Information Theory Workshop    
  
 2023 IEEE Information Theory Workshop    
   
 The IEEE Information Theory Workshop (ITW), a conference of the IEEE Information Theory Society, returns to France after 20 years. ITW 2023 will be organized in Saint-Malo from 23 to 28 April 2023.   

 Port city in Brittany, in France’s northwest on the English channel coast, the walled city had a long history of piracy, earning much wealth from local extortion and overseas adventures. It is also the starting point of the famous transatlantic race Route du Rhum  to the Caribbean.  
 The venue for this in-person event will be the Palace of Grand Large  , completely renovated in 2019, facing the large Sillon beach and close to the granite gates of the Corsair City.  
 Interested authors are invited to submit papers describing previously unpublished contributions in all areas of coding and information theory including, but not limited to:  
 Machine learning / deep learning 
  Algebraic coding theory 
  Modern coding theory 
  Quantum coding 
  6G Communications / Massive communications 
  Network information theory and network coding 
  Cryptography, modern and post-quantum 
  https://itw2023.org   

 More Information  
 Event Date   
 Apr 23, 2023  to Apr 28, 2023  Add to Calendar  2023-04-23 00:00:00  2023-04-28 00:00:00  2023 IEEE Information Theory Workshop  The IEEE Information Theory Workshop (ITW), a conference of the IEEE Information Theory Society, returns to France after 20 years. ITW 2023 will be organized in Saint-Malo from 23 to 28 April 2023.  Palais du Grand Large, Saint-Malo, France  Joseph J. Boutros  [email protected]   America/New_York  public      
 Event location   
 Palais du Grand Large, Saint-Malo, France   
   
 Event type   
 In-Person   
   
 Call For Papers Deadline   
 Dec 15, 2022   
    
 Contact name   
 Joseph J. Boutros   

 Event URL   
 ITW 2023, Saint-Malo, France    

 Subscribe to Our Mailing List  
 Receive announcements about conferences, news, job openings and more by subscribing to our mailing list.  

 SUBSCRIBE    

 Footer menu  
 Home 
  Contact 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Help 

 © Copyright 2021 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.   
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.