Call for Papers  

 CFP IUI 2023  
 ACM Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces (ACM IUI) 2023 is the 28th annual premiere venue, where researchers and practitioners will meet and discuss state-of-the-art advances at the intersection of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). Ideal IUI submissions should address practical HCI challenges using machine intelligence and discuss both computational and human-centric aspects of such methodologies, techniques, and systems.  
 The theme for this year will be Resilience, covering a wide variety of topics, such as COVID-19 recovery organizational cyber resilience, economic growth and stability, climate change recovery, intelligent user interface resilience, and similars. While we encourage submissions related to this theme, the scope of the conference is not limited to the theme only.  
 As always, contributions to IUI are expected to be supported by rigorous evidence appropriate to the claims (e.g., user study, system evaluation, computational analysis). Contributions are welcome from all relevant arenas, including academia, industry, government, and non-profit organizations. We strongly believe that diverse insights are critical to the vitality of the IUI community and the conference will accept papers for both long and short oral presentations.  
 Topics  
 Submission topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Human-centered AI methods, approaches, and systems  
 Explainable AI 
  Democratization of AI 
  Persuasive technologies in IUI 
  Privacy and security of IUI 
  Knowledge-based approaches to user interface design and generation 
  User modelling for intelligent interfaces 
  User-adaptive interaction and personalization 
  IUI for crowd computing and human computation 
  Computational innovation  
 Interactive machine learning 
  Human-in-the loop AI testing and debugging 
  Human-centered recommendation and recommender systems 
  Innovative User Interfaces  
 Affective interfaces 
  Intelligent aesthetic interfaces 
  Intelligent collaborative interfaces 
  Intelligent AR/VR interfaces 
  Intelligent visualization and visual analytics 
  Intelligent wearable and mobile interfaces 
  Intelligent tangible interfaces 
  Intelligent Multimodal Systems  
 Embodied agents 
  Multimodal AI assistants 
  Intelligent multimodal interfaces 
  Evaluations of Intelligent User Interfaces  
 User experiments and studies 
  Reproducibility (including benchmarks, datasets, and challenges) 
  Meta-analysis 
  Mixed-methods evaluations 
  Applications of IUI  
 Education and learning-related technologies 
  Healthcare and wellbeing 
  Automotive 
  Assistive technologies 
  Entertainment 
  Workplace happiness 
  Social media 
  Information retrieval 
  Internet of things (IoT) 
   
  Papers  
 We invite original paper submissions that are not under consideration elsewhere. This year, there is no page limit  on the papers (however, we strongly encourage authors to not exceed 10,000 words) and no formal distinction between long and short papers  will be made. However, we expect the paper length to be commensurate with the scientific values and contribution of the work.  
 Accepted papers will appear in the ACM Digital Library and citation indices. A selected set of accepted top quality full papers will be invited to submit their extended versions for publication in an ACM Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems (TiiS, https://tiis.acm.org  ) special issue titled "Highlights of IUI 2023" that will appear in 2024.  
 All accepted papers will be invited for oral presentation as part of the main conference program.  
 Highlights of this year  
 We encourage authors to critically consider practical implications and shortcomings of their work, in particular how the proposed methods and insights could be applied and deployed in a realistic setting and how they can improve people’s lives in the real world.  
 We also encourage authors to discuss potential ethical considerations of their work; aspects pertaining to current societal issues; diversity, inclusion, and equality; and other topics under the broad responsible AI topic.  
 Submission instructions  
 Important Dates  
 All these dates listed are anywhere on the earth(AOE).  
 Abstract submission- Oct 7th, 2022 
  Full Submission - Oct 14th, 2022 
  Review released (only for those invited to rebuttal) - Dec 9th, 2022 
  Rebuttal period (by invitation only)- Dec 9th-16th, 2022 
  Notifications sent - Dec 30th, 2022 
  Camera Ready submission - Feb 17th, 2023 
  Feb 3rd, 2023 camera-ready version deadline is for PCS only. Authors will receive the ACM copyright form and the TAPS submission link shortly after Feb 3rd .  
 Platform  
 All materials must be submitted electronically to PCS 2.0  by the abstract and paper deadline.  
 In PCS 2.0, first click "Submissions" at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society conference, and track select "SIGCHI", "IUI 2023" and "IUI 2023 Papers", respectively, and press "Go".  
 Note that not all the papers, but only a small number with borderline scores or conflicting reviews, will be invited to submit rebuttals.  
  
 Anonymization  
 ACM IUI uses a double-blind review process. All submissions (and supplemental materials) must be appropriately anonymized according to the following guidelines:  
 Authors’ names and affiliations should not be visible anywhere in the paper. 
  Acknowledgements should be anonymized or removed for the review process. 
  Self-citations should be included where necessary, but must use the third person. For example, "as shown in our previous user study [2]" is not allowed, while "as shown in Smith et al. [2]" is acceptable (in this case the citation [2] does NOT break anonymization). 
  Logos and other organizational affiliations in images should be blurred. 
  Failure to follow these guidelines may result in submissions being desk rejected without review.  
 Authors should also be aware of the SIGCHI Policy for Submission and Review at SIGCHI Conferences.   
 Submission format and length  
 We will adopt the ACM TAPS Workflow   
 Prepare your submission for review in a single-column format, using the latest templates: Word Submission Template  or the Latex Template  using \documentclass[manuscript,review,anonymous]{acmart} for the LaTeX template.  
 Papers are of a variable length, although the paper length must reflect the scientific contribution of the work. That said, we encourage authors to stay within the 10,000 word limit.  
 Supplemental materials  
 Submitting supplemental material (e.g., questionnaires, demo videos, or data sheets) is optional but encouraged.  
 If supplying a demo video, please follow the SIGCHI Technical Requirements and Guidelines for Videos.   
 Additional Policies  
 As a published ACM author, you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects.   

 SITE BY YiFei Dong