Skip to the content  23rd ACM IVA Conference    
 23rd ACM International Conference on Intelligent Virtual Agents   
   
    Menu      
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops/Tutorials 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium 
  Program | Program at a glance 
  Detailed Program 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted Papers 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Workshops/Tutorials 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Senior Program Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Attending | Venue 
  Social Events 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  SIGAI Student Travel Grants 

 Close Menu     Home 
  Calls  Show sub menu | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops/Tutorials 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium 
  Program  Show sub menu | Program at a glance 
  Detailed Program 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted Papers 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Workshops/Tutorials 
  Organizers  Show sub menu | Organizing Committee 
  Senior Program Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Attending  Show sub menu | Venue 
  Social Events 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  SIGAI Student Travel Grants 

 Call for Papers  

 Call for Papers  
 The annual ACM Conference on Intelligent Virtual Agents (IVA) is the premier international event for interdisciplinary research on the development, application, and evaluation of Intelligent Virtual Agents with the specific focus on the ability to socially interact. Such agents can be embodied graphically (e.g. virtual characters, embodied conversational agents) or physically (e.g. robots). They are capable of real-time perception, cognition, emotion and action allowing them to participate in dynamic social environments. This includes human-like interaction qualities such as multimodal communication using facial expressions, speech, and gesture, conversational interaction, socially assistive and affective interaction, interactive task-oriented cooperation, or social behaviour simulation. IVAs are highly relevant and widely applied in many important domains including health, tutoring, training, games, or assisted living.  
 We invite submissions of research on a broad range of topics, including but not limited to: theoretical foundations of intelligent virtual agents, agent and interactive behaviour modelling, evaluation, agents in simulations, games, and other applications. Please see the detailed list of topics below.  
 VENUE   
 IVA 2023 will take place in Würzburg, Germany. Würzburg is a vibrant town located by the river Main in northern Bavaria, between Frankfurt and Nuremberg. The mix of stunning historical architecture and the young population is what makes the atmosphere so unique, including 35,000 students from three different universities. The mild and sunny climate is ideal to enjoy the many activities Würzburg has to offer: visiting a beer garden next to the river, attending a sporting or cultural event or taking a stroll through one of the parks.  
 IVA is targeted to be an in-person conference. In case of extraordinary circumstances, such as visa problems or health issues, video presentation will be possible. However, there is no digital or hybrid conference system planned, thus it is not possible to attend this year’s IVA conference remotely.  
 IMPORTANT DATES   
 Abstract submission: April 14, 2023 (only for Full Papers and Extended Abstracts)  
  All papers submission: April 18, 2023  April 28, 2023  
  Workshop proposal submission: April 21, 2023  
  Review notification / start of rebuttal: June 6, 2023  
  End of rebuttal: June 10, 2023  
  Notification of acceptance: June 23, 2023  
  Doctoral Consortium submission: July 1, 2023  
  Camera ready deadline: July 18, 2023  
  Conference: September 19-22, 2023  
 All deadlines are anywhere on earth (UTC−12)  
 TYPES OF SUBMISSION   
 Full Papers  (7 pages + references):  
  Full papers should present significant, novel, and substantial work of high quality.  
 Extended Abstracts  (2 pages + references):  
  Extended abstracts may contain early results and work in progress.  
 Demos  (2 pages + references +1 one page with demo requirements):  
  Demos submissions focus on implemented systems and should contain a link to a video of the system with a maximum length of 5 minutes.  
 All submissions will be double-blind peer-reviewed by a group of external expert reviewers. All accepted submissions will be published in the ACM proceedings.  
 Accepted full papers will be presented either in oral sessions or as posters during the conference (depending on the nature of the contribution), extended abstracts will be presented as posters, and demos will be showcased in dedicated sessions during the conference. For each accepted contribution, at least one of the authors must register for the conference.  
 IVA 2023 will also feature workshops  and a doctoral consortium  .  
 TRACKS   
 For full paper submissions, IVA will have different paper tracks with different review criteria. Authors need to indicate which one of the following tracks they want to submit their paper to:  
 1. Empirical Studies  
  Criteria: methodology, theoretical foundation, originality of result etc.  
 2. Computational Models and Methods  
  Criteria: technical soundness, novelty of the model or approach, proof of concept, etc.  
 3. Operational Systems and Applications  
  Criteria: innovation of the application, societal relevance, evaluation of effects, etc.  
 SCOPE AND LIST OF TOPICS   
 IVA invites submissions on a broad range of topics, including but not limited to:  
 AGENT DESIGN AND MODELING:  
 Cognition (e.g. task, social, other) 
  Emotion, personality and cultural differences 
  Socially communicative behaviour (e.g., of emotions, personality, relationship) 
  Conversational and dialog behavior 
  Social perception and understanding of other’s states or traits 
  Machine learning approaches to agent modeling 
  Adaptive behavior and interaction dynamics 
  Models informed by theoretical and empirical research from psychology 
  MULTIMODAL INTERACTION:  
 Verbal and nonverbal behavior coordination (synthesis) 
  Multimodal/social behavior processing 
  Face-to-face communication skills 
  Interaction qualities engagement, rapport, etc.) 
  Managing co-presence and interpersonal relation 
  Multi-party interaction 
  Data-driven modeling 
  SOCIALLY INTERACTIVE AGENT ARCHITECTURES:  
 Design criteria and design methodologies 
  Engineering of real-time human-agent interaction 
  Standards / measures to support interoperability 
  Portability and reuse 
  Specialized tools, toolkits, and toolchains 
  EVALUATION METHODS AND EMPIRICAL STUDIES:  
 Evaluation methodologies and user studies 
  Metrics and measures 
  Ethical considerations and societal impact 
  Applicable lessons across fields (e.g. between robotics and virtual agents) 
  Social agents as a means to study and model human behavior 
  APPLICATIONS:  
 Applications in education, skills training, health, counseling, games, art, etc. 
  Virtual agents in games and simulations 
  Social agents as tools in psychology, neuroscience, social simulation, etc 
  Migration between platforms 
  SPECIAL SESSION   
 In addition to the traditional IVA topics, this year’s conference plans a special session on “IVAs in future mixed realities”, e.g., in social VR and potential incarnations of a Metaverse. Immersive and potentially distributed artificial virtual worlds provide new forms of full-size embodied human-human interaction via avatars of arbitrary looks, enabling interesting intra- and interpersonal effects. They also enable hybrid avatar-agent interactions between humans and A.I.s, unlocking the full potential of non-verbal behavior in digital face-to-face encounters, significantly enhancing the design space for IVAs to assist, guide, help but also to persuade and affect interacting users. We welcome all kinds of novel research on technological, psychological, and sociological determinants of such immersive digital avatar-agent encounters for this special session.  
 INSTRUCTIONS FOR AUTHORS   
 Paper submissions should be anonymous and prepared in the “ACM Standard” format, more specifically the “SigConf” format. Please consult https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  for the Latex template, word interim template, or connection to the overleaf platform.  
 All papers need to be submitted in PDF-format.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs  from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 This event is sponsored by SIGAI.  

 © 2024 23rd ACM IVA Conference   
 Powered by WordPress   
   
 To the top ↑   Up ↑