Skip to content    
      Search for:          

     Main Navigation  
 Call for submission | Important Dates 
  Publication 
  Paper/Poster 
  Doctoral Research Workshop 
  Symposia 
  Tutorial 
  Digital Art, and Online Gallery 
  Themes | IV 
  VIS 
  BuiltViz 
  MediVis 
  GMAI 
  Organisation | Committees | Conference Steering Committee 
  Programme Committee 
  Symposia Committee 
  Contact 
  Organised & suported 
  Programmme | Programmme 
  Calendar (Timetable) 
  Promotion 

 IVBI – BioMedical Visualization  
   
    Themes 
  MediVis 
  IVBI – BioMedical Visualization 

 IVbi  – 15 th  International Conference BioMedical Visualization   
 Organized as part of the International Information Visualisation Conference, the 24th International Symposium on Information Visualization in Biomedical Informatics (IVBI) is a forum for the presentation of original papers in information visualization theory and applications to biomedical and biomolecular data and processes. The symposium covers all aspects of visualization and issues affecting interaction with large and complex data sets. We encourage the submission of papers covering new techniques, old techniques applied in novel ways, new methods, interesting applications and in-depth surveys.Peer-reviewed papers will be published in conference proceedings by The Conference Publishing Services (CPS) < http://www.computer.org/portal/web/cscps/  >, with ISBN number, and will be indexed by major bibliographical search engines.  
 Examples of biomedical topics include, but are not limited to:  
 High-performance computing and parallel rendering 
  Nucleotide and protein sequence alignment and search 
  Protein structure, function, sequence analysis 
  Signaling pathways, biochemical networks 
  Gene regulation, expression, identification and networks 
  DNA, RNA structure, function, sequence analysis 
  Biochemical and cellular simulations and models 
  Structural, functional and comparative genomics 
  Biomarkers 
  Drug design 
  Computer aided diagnosis 
  Examples of visualization topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Interaction with data sets, human factors 
  Data exploration using classical and novel approaches 
  Visualization and databases 
  Linking literature and semantics in pathway visualizations 
  Volume and flow visualization 
  Annotation and labelling 
  Overview and detail presentation of predictive or uncertain data 
  Comparative Methods / User studies / Surveys 
  Identification of correlated and anomalous relationships in disparate data sets 
  Please check the submission procedures @ the submission page  .  
 General enquiries and submissions should be addressed to the Conference Co-ordinator   
 Symposium enquiries specific should be addressed to:  
 Urska Cvek (Prof.)   
  Louisiana State University and Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center, Shreveport, USA  
   ucvek (@) lsus.edu  
 Marjan Trutschl, Sc.D.  
    Louisiana State University and Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center, Shreveport, USA   
   mtrutsch (@) lsus.edu   
 Heimo Mueller, Ph.D.  
    Medical University Graz (MUG), AT   
   heimo.mueller (@) medunigraz.at   

 GraphicsLink Secretariat United Kingdom.  
   P.O. BOX 29, HATFIELD, AL9 7ZL  

  (Int. +44) 1707 - 652 224  
   (Int. +44) 1707 - 652 247  
   iV_CGiV@graphicslink.co.uk    

 Log in 

 © GraphicsLink 2020, http://www.graphicslink.co.uk