Home 
  Project Summary 
  About | Partners 
  Advisory Board 
  Vedliot Platform | Platform 
  Hardware 
  Accelerators 
  Toolchain 
  Use Cases | Industrial 
  Automotive 
  Home 
  Open Call | Open Call Projects 
  VEDLIoT Open – Overview and Application 
  Results | Publications 
  Deliverables 
  Presentations 
  Demos 
  Open-Source Software 
  Datasets 
  Media | News 
  Events 
  Branding 
  Posters 
  Videos 
  Contact 
   
 Select Page     

 IWANN 2023  
 Jun 22, 2023   

 VEDLIoT’s latest participation was at the 17th International Work-Conference on Artificial Neural Networks  (IWANN2023)  in Ponta Delgada (São Miguel, Azores Islands, Portugal) from 19 to 21 June.  
 Our partners René Griessl (UNIBI) and Mario Porrmann (UOS) participated in a Special Session on hardware acceleration to present the VEDLIoT project and the results of HW-Accelerator Evaluation in the field of reconfigurable hardware.  
 In the words of the organisers, this biennial meeting aims to provide a discussion forum for scientists, engineers, educators and students to discuss the latest discoveries and achievements in the foundations, theory, models and applications of systems inspired by nature, as well as in emerging areas related to the above items, using computational intelligence methodologies  .  

 ←  previous    next  →      

 The VEDLIoT project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 957197  
  All Rights Reserved. Legal Notice   .  

 VEDLIoT is involved in the EUCloudEdgeIoT.eu   initiative   

 Contact Us  
   Bielefeld University  
  Universitätsstr. 25  
  33615 Bielefeld  
  Germany     +49 521 106-12047     info@vedliot.eu      

 Twitter 
  linkedin 
  Youtube 
  Slideshare 
   © Powered by Delta Soluções    

 Our site uses cookies to enhance the user experience   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT