The 21 st  International Wireless Communications & Mobile Computing Conference    
 12–16 May 2025   
  Marriott Hotel Downtown, Abu Dhabi, UAE   

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Symposia 
  Workshops 
  Committee 
  Authors 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Program 
  Registration 
  Hotel/Travel 

 The 21 st  International Wireless Communications & Mobile Computing Conference (IWCMC 2025)  

 Welcome to IWCMC 2025!  
 Under the theme of " Green and Intelligent Communications    " IWCMC 2025  will target a wide spectrum of the state-of-the-art as well as emerging topics pertaining to wireless communications, mobile computing, machine learning, and applications of communications and networks. Continuing the great success of previous IWCM events, IWCMC 2025  is anticipated to attract a large number of high-quality submissions and stimulate the cutting-edge research discussions among many academic pioneering researchers/scientists and industrial engineers/leaders from all around the world.  
 The IWCMC 2025 program will feature a number of symposia, workshops, invited presentations, special sessions, and pioneering keynote speakers.  
 Prospective authors are invited to submit original technical papers—up to 6 pages of length, using the EDAS link:  
 https://edas.info/newPaper.php?c=32919    to various IWCMC 2025 Symposia and Workshops for possible publication in the IWCMC 2025 Conference Proceedings. Accepted papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. Selected papers will be further considered for possible publication in five special issues in the following Journals:  
 Wiley Journal of Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing (WCMC) 
  The International Journal of Sensor Networks (IJSNet) 
  The International Journal of Autonomous and Adaptive Communications Systems (IJAACS) 
  KSII Transactions on Internet and Information Systems 
  Peer-to-Peer Networking & Applications 
  There will also be best paper awards, one best symposium award, and one best Workshop award.  
  
 If you have any questions, please write to: info@iwcmc.org   .  

 Technical Sponsors:   

  Host Sponsor:   

 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission Deadline:  January 15, 2025   
   
 Paper Acceptance Notification:  March 15, 2025  
   
 Camera-ready Paper Submissions: April 15, 2025   
   
 Registration Deadline for Authors: April 15, 2025   

 2025 SPONSORS  
 Technical Sponsor 
  Technical Sponsor 
  Host Sponsor 

 Home 
  Committee 
  Authors 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Program 
  Registration 
  Hotel / Travel 
    
 © Copyright 2025 IWCMC – All rights reserved.  
 For Contact: info@iwcmc.org   .