JURIX 2023   
 36th International Conference on Legal Knowledge and Information Systems  
  
      Calls  Committees  Speakers  Program  Workshops  Demos  Proceedings  Practicalities    

 Maastricht, the Netherlands  
  18-20 December 2023  
   
 About the Event  
 For more than 30 years, the JURIX conference has provided an international forum for research on the intersection of Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Information Systems, under the auspices of the JURIX Foundation for Legal Knowledge Systems.  
 JURIX is dedicated to exploring recent advancements, challenges, and opportunities of technologies applied to legal and para-legal activities. We invite submissions of original papers on legal information, legal knowledge systems, artificial intelligence and law, computational and socio-technical approaches to law, covering foundations, methods, tools, systems, interfaces, and applications. Papers should demonstrate added value, novelty of contribution and/or analysis, significance of the work, (formal) validity and/or proper evaluation.  
 This year, JURIX conference on Legal Knowledge and Information Systems will be hosted in Maastricht, the Netherlands and will take place on December 18-20, 2023. The Foundation for Legal Knowledge Based Systems (JURIX) is an organisation of researchers in the field of Law and Computer Science in the Netherlands and Flanders. Since 1988, JURIX has held annual international conferences on Legal Knowledge and Information Systems.  
 The proceedings of the conferences will be published in the Frontiers of Artificial Intelligence and Applications series of IOS Press. JURIX follows the Golden Standard and provides one of the best dissemination platforms in AI & law.  
 Please note that presenters of papers accepted to the main conference are expected to be on-site to give their presentations and to interact with the audience. An online streaming option will be set-up for remote observers. Workshops may however run hybrid, at the discretion of their organizers (for further information, see their websites).  
 About the Organizer  
 Maastricht University (UM) is the most international university in the Netherlands and, with nearly 22,000 students and 4,400 employees, is still growing. The university distinguishes itself with its innovative education model, international character and multidisciplinary approach to research and education. Today, it is considered one of the best young universities in the world.  
 The local organizer of JURIX 2023 – Maastricht Law and Tech Lab  – fosters a community of legal researchers and computer scientists who work collaboratively to integrate law and computer science methods.  
 Conference venue and contact details  
 Conference venue  
  Faculty of Law, Maastricht University  
  Lenculenstraat 26  (Bouillonstraat 1: will be closed for construction)  
  6211 LH Maastricht  
 Organisational matters   
  Law Events Office  
  Elke Hundhausen   
 Content-related matters   
  The Maastricht Law and Tech lab   
 The proceedings have been published in open access, see ‘Proceedings’  .