Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 KEOD is part of IC3K    , the 15th International Joint Conference on Knowledge Discovery, Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management.  
  Registration to KEOD allows free access to all other IC3K conferences.   
   
  IC3K 2023 will be held in conjunction with WEBIST 2023    , IN4PL 2023    and IJCCI 2023    .   
  Registration to IC3K allows free access to the WEBIST, IN4PL and IJCCI conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  New registrations are now only available at the conference welcome desk    

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    
 Please visit the KEOD 2024 website   

 Knowledge Engineering (KE) refers to all technical, scientific and social aspects involved in building, maintaining and using knowledge-based systems. KE is a multidisciplinary field, bringing in concepts and methods from several computer science domains such as artificial intelligence, databases, expert systems, decision support systems, information systems and software engineering. KE is also related to logic (both in mathematics and philosophy domains) and to the cognitive and social sciences and socio-cognitive engineering.  
   
  Ontology Development (OD) aims at building reusable semantic structures that can be informal vocabularies, catalogs, glossaries as well as more complex finite formal structures specifying types of entities and types of relationships relevant within a certain domain. Ontologies have been gaining interest and acceptance in computational audiences. For example, formal ontologies are increasingly used as one of the main sources of software development and methodologies for this end can be adapted to include ontology development. A wide range of applications is emerging, including library science, ontology-enhanced search, e-commerce, business process management and enterprise engineering, among others.  
   
  KEOD aims at becoming a major meeting point for researchers and practitioners interested in the study and development of methodologies and technologies for Knowledge Engineering and Ontology Development.  

    Conference Chair    
 Jorge Bernardino  ,  Polytechnic of Coimbra - ISEC, Portugal   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 David Aveiro  ,  University of Madeira, NOVA-LINCS and ARDITI, Portugal   
  Jan Dietz  ,  Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   
  Antonella Poggi  ,  Università di Roma "La Sapienza", Italy   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Tony Bagnall  ,  University of Southampton, United Kingdom   
  Domenico Lembo  ,  Sapienza Università di Roma, Italy   
  Luís Paulo Reis  ,  University of Porto, Portugal   
  Yannis Manolopoulos  ,  School of Pure and Applied Sciences, Open University of Cyprus, Cyprus   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC