LATA 2020 & 2021  Menu   Home 
  News 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Camera Ready  
  Instructions 
  Accepted  
  Papers 
  Submissions 
  Journal  
  Special Issue 
  Programme  
  committee 
  Keynote  
  speakers 
  Organizing  
  committee 
  Downloads 
  Accommodation 
  Venue 
  Travel  
  & Leisure 
  Visa 

 14th-15th International Conference on Language and Automata Theory and Applications  
 LATA 2020 & 2021  
   
 Milan, Italy - September 20-24, 2021  

   DeepLearn 2022 Summer - 7th International School on Deep Learning  
  https://irdta.eu/deeplearn/2022su/   
 New Dates!: September 20-24, 2021  
 Deadlines (all at 23:59 CET)  

 AIMS  
 LATA is a conference series on theoretical computer science and its applications. LATA 2020 & 2021 will reserve significant room for young scholars at the beginning of their career. It will aim at attracting contributions from classical theory fields as well as application areas.  
 LATA 2020 & 2021 will merge the scheduled program for LATA 2020, which could not take place because of the Covid-19 crisis, with a new series of papers submitted on this occasion.  

 VENUE  
 LATA 2020 & 2021 will be held in Milan, the third largest economy among European cities and one of the Four Motors for Europe. The venue will be:  
 University of Milano-Bicocca 
  Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli 22 
  Building U6 
  Aula Mario Martini (Aula U6-04) 
  Milan 
  REGISTRATION:  
 The registration form can be found at:  
 https://irdta.eu/lata2020-2021/registration/   
 ACCESS to PROCEEDINGS  
 tba.  
 STRUCTURE  
 LATA 2020 & 2021 will consist of:  
 ▸ invited talks 
  ▸ peer-reviewed contributions 
  SUBMISSIONS  
 Authors are invited to submit non-anonymized papers in English presenting original and unpublished research. Papers should not exceed 12 single-spaced pages (all included) and should be prepared according to the standard format for Springer Verlag's LNCS series (see http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0  ). If necessary, exceptionally authors are allowed to provide missing proofs in a clearly marked appendix.  
 Upload submissions to:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lata20202021   
 QUESTIONS AND FURTHER INFORMATION  
 david (at) irdta.eu  
 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS  
 Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication - University of Milano-Bicocca  
   IRDTA – Institute for Research Development, Training and Advice, Brussels/London ( http://www.irdta.eu  )  
     
 SCOPE  
 Topics of either theoretical or applied interest include, but are not limited to:  
 algebraic language theory 
  algorithms for semi-structured data mining 
  algorithms on automata and words 
  automata and logic 
  automata for system analysis and programme verification 
  automata networks 
  automatic structures 
  codes 
  combinatorics on words 
  computational complexity 
  concurrency and Petri nets 
  data and image compression 
  descriptional complexity 
  foundations of finite state technology 
  foundations of XML 
  grammars (Chomsky hierarchy, contextual, unification, categorial, etc.) 
  grammatical inference, inductive inference and algorithmic learning 
  graphs and graph transformation 
  language varieties and semigroups 
  language-based cryptography 
  mathematical and logical foundations of programming methodologies 
  parallel and regulated rewriting 
  parsing 
  patterns 
  power series 
  string processing algorithms 
  symbolic dynamics 
  term rewriting 
  transducers 
  trees, tree languages and tree automata 
  weighted automata 

 PUBLICATIONS  
 A volume of proceedings published by Springer in the LNCS series will be available by the time of the conference.  
  Authors should consult Springer’s authors’  guidelines and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX  or for Word  , for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 LNCS: LATA 2020-2021 -- Time-limited free online access   
     
 A special issue of Information and Computation (Elsevier, 2019 JCR impact factor: 0.872) will be later published containing peer-reviewed substantially extended versions of some of the papers contributed to the conference. Submissions to it will be by invitation.  

 Active links:   

  Past links: