Home 
  Author 
  Attendee 
  Program 
  Patrons 
  Committees 
  LCN Annals 

 The 49th IEEE Conference on Local Computer Networks (LCN), October 8-10, 2024, in Caen, Normandy, France    
 Author  
 Call for Papers 
  Special Tracks 
  Information for Authors 
  Author Instructions (Final Camera Ready Submissions) 
  Presenter and Session Chair Instructions 
  Call for Demos 
  No-Show Policy 
  Student Participation Grants 
    
 Home  > Author  > Call For Papers   
 Call For Papers  

 Call for Papers |  
  
 49th Annual IEEE Conference on Local Computer Networks  
   
  Caen, Normandy, France  
  8-10 October 2024  
  https://www.ieeelcn.org   
  The IEEE LCN conference is the premier conference on the leading edge of theoretical and practical aspects of computer networking. LCN is a highly interactive conference that enables an effective exchange of results and ideas among researchers, users, and product developers. For the past 48 years, major developments from AI-enabled high-speed networking to application-focused IoT networks and trending areas like quantum networking have been reported at this conference. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
  
 Adaptive networking applications 
  AI-enabled networking 
  Big Data Networking 
  Cloud computing and networking 
  Cognitive radio networks 
  Cross-layer optimization 
  Cyber-physical systems 
  Data center networking 
  Decentralized Systems and Blockchain Networks 
  Delay-tolerant networks 
  E-Health networking 
  Embedded networks 
  Green networking 
  Information-centric networking 
  Internet of Things 
  Local area networks 
  Machine-to-machine communications for smart environments 
  Mobile and ubiquitous networking 
  Mobility and Location-dependent services 
  Multimedia and real-time communication | Network coding 
  Network management, reliability and QoS 
  Network security and privacy 
  Network traffic characterization and measurements 
  Opportunistic networking 
  Optical and high-speed access networks 
  Overlay and peer-to-peer networks 
  Performance evaluation of networks 
  Personal and wearable networks 
  Quantum communication and networking 
  Routing and transport protocols 
  Satellite communication and networks 
  Smart Cities 
  Smart Grid communications 
  Social networks 
  Software Defined Networking and Network Function Virtualization 
  Test beds for network experiments 
  Underwater sensor networks 
  Vehicular networks 
  Wireless ad hoc & sensor networks 
  
 Authors are invited to submit papers describing original, previously unpublished work, not currently under review by another conference, workshop, or journal. There are a number of tracks that are designed to improve interactions of experts over different stages in research development.  
 Full Regular papers | (maximum 8 pages plus references, 10 pt font in IEEE format) should present novel perspectives within the general scope of the conference. 
  Short papers | (maximum 6 pages plus references, 10 pt font in IEEE format) are an opportunity to present preliminary or interim results on hot topics in a poster session. 
  Doctoral track papers | (maximum 6 pages plus references, 10 pt font in IEEE format) provide a supportive setting for Ph.D. students (who must be the first author) to discuss their problem statement, methods, results, obtain feedback from established researchers and establish contacts for entering the job market. The doctoral track involves a mentoring program. 
  We are also holding dedicated special tracks (e.g., invited workshops, papers) focusing on nascent and promising areas in networking research, which shall involve experts in those areas seeking to foster collaborative development.  
 Full, short, special track, and doctoral papers are published in the IEEE LCN proceedings and IEEE Xplore. All published papers must include title, complete contact information for all authors, abstract, and keywords on the cover page. IEEE reserves the right to remove papers from IEEE Xplore that are not presented at the conference.  
 Paper Submission:  Papers must be registered on EDAS and submitted in PDF format. Detailed submission instructions are available at the conference website  . Direct your questions to Program Chairs: Florian Tschorsch and Kanchana Thilakarathna ( program@ieeelcn.org  ).  
 A limited number of students grants and N 2  Women Young Researcher Fellowship awards are considered by the conference each year.  
 Important Dates:   
  Paper registration: | April 19 | May 3, 2024 | NEW 
  Paper submission: | April 19 | May 3, 2024 | NEW 
  Notifications: June 28, 2024 
  Camera ready: July 25, 2024 
  Remote Presentation Option:  LCN considers in-person meetings indispensable for collaborations, personal exchanges, discussions, and networking opportunities. Recognizing the evolving landscape of academic conferences and the need for flexibility, LCN 2024 introduces a Remote Presentation Option.  
 Upon acceptance/registration, authors have the option to select physical or remote presentation modes. When opting for remote presentation, a fee of 500 USD is required in addition to the author registration. This fee covers supplementary costs associated with providing a remote option. The additional fee for remote presentations may be waived when all authors are from countries marked with an asterisk on the following list of IEEE eMembership Countries: https://www.ieee.org/membership/join/emember-countries.html  .  
 Remote presentation is restricted to full, short, and doctoral papers. Further implementation details will be communicated as part of the author and presenter instructions.  
 The overarching goal of LCN 2024 is to enhance the accessibility and inclusivity of LCN, catering to a diverse global audience while preserving the value of physical participation.  
   
 Organizing Committee | Steering Committee 

 Home  | Contact & Support  | Accessibility  | Nondiscrimination Policy  | IEEE Ethics Reporting  | IEEE Privacy Policy  | Terms  | Feedback   
 © Copyright 2024 IEEE - All Rights Reserved.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.