Skip to content    LDK 2023   
 12-15 September in Vienna, Austria  
   
 Menu  About | Ethics and Integrity 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
  Programme | Invited speakers 
  Poster Session 
  Accepted Papers 
  Events Programme 
  Program Leaflet 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Research Meets Industry Meetup 
  Proceedings 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Attending 
  Registration 
  Organisers | Organisers 
  Scientific Advisory Committee 
  Program Committee 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Submission Deadline: extended to 27 March 2023  ; final extension: 31 March 2023   
 We invite submissions to the fourth biennial conference on Language, Data and Knowledge (LDK 2023) to be held in Vienna, Austria in September 2023. This conference aims to bring together researchers from across different disciplines concerned with the acquisition, treatment, curation and use of language data in the context of data science and knowledge-based applications. This edition builds upon the success of the inaugural event held in Galway, Ireland in 2017, the second LDK in Leipzig, Germany in 2019, and the third LDK in Zaragoza, Spain in 2021.  
 Invited Speakers  
 We are happy to announce Diana Maynard (University of Sheffield), Ruben Verborgh (Ghent University), and Ruth Wodak (Lancaster University/University of Vienna), as keynote speakers for LDK 2023.  
 Paper Submission  
 We welcome submissions of relevance to the topics listed below. Submissions can be in the form of:  
 Long papers: 9–12 pages; 
  Short papers: 4-6 pages. 
  All submission lengths are given including references. Accepted submissions will be published in an open-access conference proceedings volume, free of charge for authors, and included in the ACL Anthology. The ACL templates  should therefore be used for all conference submissions.  
 As the reviewing process is single-blind, submissions should not be anonymised.  
 Papers should be submitted via OpenReview at the following address:  
 https://openreview.net/group?id=LDK/2023/Conference   
 All articles must represent original work: when submitted, the submission must not have been previously published*, and the material in it must not have been/be submitted for review at another journal or conference while under review at LDK 2023.  
 *This excludes papers on preprint archives, such as arXiv, which we do not consider to have been previously published.  
 The conference will be hybrid (face-to-face and remote). Note that at least one author of each accepted paper must register to present the paper at the conference (either remotely or on-site). There will be no registration fee administered for participating in LDK 2023.  
 Presentation format   
 Accepted submissions will be selected for oral or poster presentation based on recommendations from the reviewers. This decision will not reflect any difference in the quality of the papers, and there will be no distinction between oral and poster presentations in the published proceedings. Authors of accepted short papers or posters are welcome to present their work as a demo in addition to the regular presentation.  
 Topics  
 Relevant topics for the conference include, but are not limited to, the following fields:  
 Language Data   
 Language data construction and acquisition 
  Language data annotation 
  FAIR data practices for language data 
  Language data portals and metadata about language data 
  Organisational and infrastructural management of language data 
  Multilingual, multimedia and multimodal language data 
  Evaluation, provenance and quality of language data 
  Visualisation of language data 
  Standards and interoperability of language data 
  Legal aspects of publishing language data 
  Under-resourced languages 
  e-Lexicography 
  Semantic processing 
   
 Knowledge Graphs   
 Linguistic linked data and the multilingual semantic web 
  Ontologies, terminologies, wordnets, framenets and related resources 
  Information and knowledge extraction (taxonomy extraction, ontology learning) 
  Data, information and knowledge integration across languages 
  (cross-lingual) ontology alignment 
  Entity linking and relatedness 
  Linked data profiling 
  Knowledge representation and reasoning 
  Knowledge graphs for corpora processing and analysis 
  Applications for Language, Data and Knowledge   
 Question answering and semantic search 
  Text analytics on big data 
  NLP for language documentation and preservation 
  Speech recognition and synthesis 
  Spoken language processing 
  Semantic content management 
  Computer-aided language learning 
  Natural language interfaces to big data 
  Knowledge-based NLP 
  Deep learning and machine learning for and on LLOD 
  Other applications 
  Use Cases in Language, Data and Knowledge   
 Contributions are welcome where the topics above – and others within the scope of Language, Data and Knowledge – are applied to domain-specific use cases, including but not limited to: social sciences and humanities, legal, life sciences, FinTech, cybersecurity.  
 Organising Committee  
 Conference Chairs  
 Jorge Gracia – University of Zaragoza 
  John P. McCrae – University of Galway 

 Program Chairs:  
 Sara Carvalho – University of Aveiro | NOVA CLUNL 
  Anas Fahad Khan – Institute for Computational Linguistics “A. Zampolli” 
  Workshop and Tutorial Chairs:  
 Ana Ostroški Anić – Institute of Croatian Language and Linguistics 
  Blerina Spahiu – University of Milano-Bicocca 
  Local Organisers:  
 Dagmar Gromann – University of Vienna 
  Barbara Heinisch – University of Vienna 
  Proceedings Chair:  
 Ana Salgado – NOVA CLUNL | Lisbon Academy of Sciences 
  Important Dates  (Revised)  
  
 27 March 2023  31 March 2023 | New paper submission deadline 
 28 April 2023  5 May 2023 | Notification 
 26 May 2023  2 June 2023 | Camera-ready submission deadline 
 12–13 September 2023 | Pre-conference events 
 14–15 September 2023 | Main conference 
  
  All deadlines refer to anywhere-on-earth time.  
 Program Committee  
 http://2023.ldk-conf.org/program-committee/   
 Workshops and Tutorials  
 You can check the list of accepted workshops and tutorials at http://2023.ldk-conf.org/workshops-tutorials/   

 Meta  
 Log in 
  Entries feed 
  Comments feed 
  WordPress.org 

  This conference is supported by the NexusLinguarum COST Action CA18209 - European network for Web-centred linguistic data science  
  Also supported by  

  Tweets by LDKconference   

 About | Ethics and Integrity 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
  Programme | Invited speakers 
  Poster Session 
  Accepted Papers 
  Events Programme 
  Program Leaflet 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Research Meets Industry Meetup 
  Proceedings 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Attending 
  Registration 
  Organisers | Organisers 
  Scientific Advisory Committee 
  Program Committee 

 LDK 2023   Proudly powered by WordPress