Skip to main content    
  
 eBay Home | Shop by category   Shop by category | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Advanced |  
 Enter your search keyword | All Categories 
  
 Hi ( Sign in  to bid or buy) | Hi! Sign in  or register 
  Daily Deals 
  Help & Contact 
  Ship to     Loading...    Error: Try Again  Ok 
  Sell 
  Watchlist   Expand Watch List      Loading...   Sign in  to see your user information 
  My eBay   Expand My eBay  Summary 
  Recently Viewed 
  Bids/Offers 
  Watchlist 
  Purchase History 
  Buy Again 
  Selling 
  Saved Searches 
  Saved Sellers 
  Messages 
   Expand Cart      Loading...   Something went wrong. View cart for details. 
    
 {"delay":300}   

  Back to home page     
 |  Listed in category:    
 breadcrumb  
 Books, Movies & Music 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Textbooks 
  See more Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.: Logica... 

 Share     

 Picture 1 of 1  

  Gallery   
         
 Picture 1 of 1  

 Logical Foundations of Computer Science : International Symposium, Lfcs 2022,...   

  Great Book Prices Store   (317582) 
    
 96.4% positive 
  Seller's other items   Seller's other items 
  Contact seller 

 US $97.62    
 Approximately   2,481,695.64 VND     

 Condition:    
 Like New   Like New       More information - About this item condition      

  Like New   
      
 A book that looks new but has been read. Cover has no visible wear, and the dust jacket (if applicable) is included for hard covers. No missing or damaged pages, no creases or tears, and no underlining/highlighting of text or writing in the margins. May be very minimal identifying marks on the inside cover. Very minimal wear and tear. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.    

 Quantity:     2 available    

 Buy It Now           Logical Foundations of Computer Science : International Symposium, Lfcs 2022,...    Sign in to check out     Check out as guest 
  Add to cart 
  Add to watchlist 

 Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.  
 Refresh your browser window to try again.  
   
 Refresh Browser    

  Shipping:    

 US $24.99  (approx 635,295.78 VND)   Standard International Shipping  .  See details for shipping      

 International shipment of items may be subject to customs processing and additional charges.      International shipping  - items may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's customs value.    
    
 Sellers declare the item's customs value and must comply with customs declaration laws.    
    
 Information      
 As the buyer, you should be aware of possible:    
 • Delays  from customs inspection.    
 • Import duties  and taxes which buyers must pay.    
 • Brokerage  fees payable at the point of delivery.    
    
 Your country's customs office can offer more details, or visit eBay's page on  international trade.     
               
 Located in: Jessup, Maryland, United States    

 Delivery:    

  Estimated between  Tue, Jan 7  and  Tue, Feb 4  to  0      Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab    include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of  cleared payment cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab    . Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.    
               
 This item has an extended handling time and a delivery estimate  greater than 30 business days.    
 Please allow additional time if international delivery is subject to customs processing.    

 Returns:    

 14 days returns  .  Buyer pays for return shipping  .  See details - for more information about returns      

 Payments:    

               Diners Club       

 Shop with confidence   

 eBay Money Back Guarantee    
 Get the item you ordered or your money back.   Learn more eBay Money Back Guarantee - opens new window or tab      

 Report this item   Report this item - opens in new window or tab     

 About this item      
   
 Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.    

 eBay item number:  355073226991    

 Last updated on  Oct 11, 2024 20:32:55 PDT  View all revisions View all revisions      

 Item specifics    

 Condition    
   
  Like New: A book that looks new but has been read. Cover has no visible wear, and the dust jacket ...   Read more about the condition      Like New: A book that looks new but has been read. Cover has no visible wear, and the dust jacket (if applicable) is included for hard covers. No missing or damaged pages, no creases or tears, and no underlining/highlighting of text or writing in the margins. May be very minimal identifying marks on the inside cover. Very minimal wear and tear. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.  See all condition definitions opens in a new window or tab        

 Book Title    
   
  Logical Foundations of Computer Science : International Symposium    

 ISBN    
   
  9783030930998    

 Subject Area    
   
  Mathematics    

 Publication Name    
   
  Logical Foundations of Computer Science : International Symposium, LFCS 2022, Deerfield Beach, FL, USA, January 10-13, 2022, Proceedings    

 Publisher    
   
  Springer International Publishing A&G    

 Item Length    
   
  9.3 in    

 Subject    
   
  Logic    

 Publication Year    
   
  2021    

 Series    
   
  Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.    

 Type    
   
  Textbook    

 Format    
   
  Trade Paperback    

 Language    
   
  English    

 Author    
   
  Anil Nerode    

 Item Weight    
   
  20.9 Oz    

 Item Width    
   
  6.1 in    

 Number of Pages    
   
  X, 377 Pages    

 About this product    

 Product Identifiers    

 Publisher    

 Springer International Publishing A&G    

 ISBN-10    

 3030930998    

 ISBN-13    

 9783030930998    

 eBay Product ID (ePID)    

 23057289227    

 Product Key Features    

 Number of Pages    

 X, 377 Pages    

 Language    

 English    

 Publication Name    

 Logical Foundations of Computer Science : International Symposium, LFCS 2022, Deerfield Beach, FL, USA, January 10-13, 2022, Proceedings    

 Subject    

 Logic    

 Publication Year    

 2021    

 Type    

 Textbook    

 Subject Area    

 Mathematics    

 Author    

 Anil Nerode    

 Series    

 Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.    

 Format    

 Trade Paperback    

 Dimensions    

 Item Weight    

 20.9 Oz    

 Item Length    

 9.3 in    

 Item Width    

 6.1 in    

 Additional Product Features    

 Series Volume Number    

 13137    

 Number of Volumes    

 1 vol.    

 Illustrated    

 Yes    

 Table Of Content    

 A Non-Hyperarithmetical Gödel Logic.- Shorten Resolution Proofs Non-Elementarily.- The Isomorphism Problem for FST Injection Structures.- Justification Logic and Type Theory as Formalizations of Intuitionistic Propositional Logic.- Hyperarithmetical Worm Battles.- Parametric Church's Thesis: Synthetic Computability Without Choice.- Constructive and Mechanised Meta-Theory of Intuitionistic Epistemic Logic.- A Parametrized Family of Tversky Metrics Connecting the Jaccard Distance to an Analogue of the Normalized Information Distance.- A Parameterized View on the Complexity of Dependence Logic.- A Logic of Interactive Proofs.- Recursive Rules With Aggregation: A Simple Unified Semantics.- Computational Properties of Partial Non-deterministic Matrices and Their Logics.- Soundness and Completeness Results for LEA and Probability Semantics.- On Inverse Operators in Dynamic Epistemic Logic.- Computability Models Over Categories and Presheaves.- Reducts of Relation Algebras: The Aspects of Axiomatisability and Finite Representability.- Between Turing and Kleene.- Propositional Dynamic Logic With Quantification Over Regular Computation Sequences.- Finite Generation and Presentation Problems for Lambda Calculus and Combinatory Logic.- Exact and Parameterized Algorithms for Read-Once Refutations in Horn Constraint Systems.- Logical Principles.- Small Model Property Reflects in Games and Automata.    

 Synopsis    

 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the International Symposium on Logical Foundations of Computer Science, LFCS 2022, held in Deerfield Beach, FL, USA, in January 2022. The 23 revised full papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 35 submissions. The scope of the Symposium is broad and includes constructive mathematics and type theory; homotopy type theory; logic, automata, and automatic structures; computability and randomness; logical foundations of programming; logical aspects of computational complexity; parameterized complexity; logic programming and constraints; automated deduction and interactive theorem proving; logical methods in protocol and program verification; logical methods in program specification and extraction; domain theory logics; logical foundations of database theory; equational logic and term rewriting; lambda and combinatory calculi; categorical logic and topological semantics; linear logic; epistemic and temporal logics; intelligent and multiple-agent system logics; logics of proof and justification; non-monotonic reasoning; logic in game theory and social software; logic of hybrid systems; distributed system logics; mathematical fuzzy logic; system design logics; other logics in computer science., A Non-Hyperarithmetical Gödel Logic.- Shorten Resolution Proofs Non-Elementarily.- The Isomorphism Problem for FST Injection Structures.- Justification Logic and Type Theory as Formalizations of Intuitionistic Propositional Logic.- Hyperarithmetical Worm Battles.- Parametric Church's Thesis: Synthetic Computability Without Choice.- Constructive and Mechanised Meta-Theory of Intuitionistic Epistemic Logic.- A Parametrized Family of Tversky Metrics Connecting the Jaccard Distance to an Analogue of the Normalized Information Distance.- A Parameterized View on the Complexity of Dependence Logic.- A Logic of Interactive Proofs.- Recursive Rules With Aggregation: A Simple Unified Semantics.- Computational Properties of Partial Non-deterministic Matrices and Their Logics.- Soundness and Completeness Results for LEA and Probability Semantics.- On Inverse Operators in Dynamic Epistemic Logic.- Computability Models Over Categories and Presheaves.- Reducts of Relation Algebras: The Aspects of Axiomatisability and Finite Representability.- Between Turing and Kleene.- Propositional Dynamic Logic With Quantification Over Regular Computation Sequences.- Finite Generation and Presentation Problems for Lambda Calculus and Combinatory Logic.- Exact and Parameterized Algorithms for Read-Once Refutations in Horn Constraint Systems.- Logical Principles.- Small Model Property Reflects in Games and Automata.    

 LC Classification Number    

 QA8.9-10.3    

 Item description from the seller   

 About this seller     

  Great Book Prices Store    
 96.4% positive feedback  •  1.3M  items sold   

 Joined Feb 2017     

 Usually responds within 24 hours     

 Visit store    Contact              Save seller     

 Popular categories from this store   
 See all categories      
   
 Collectibles    Books & Magazines    Health & Beauty    Baby    Toys & Hobbies    Movies & TV    Video Games & Consoles    Music    Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop      

 Detailed seller ratings   
 Average for the last 12 months    
 Accurate description    
  4.9    
 Reasonable shipping cost    
  5.0    
 Shipping speed    
  4.9    
 Communication    
  4.8    

 Seller feedback  (358,981)   
 a***h (209)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Excellent eBay experience. The product was packaged safely and arrived quickly. Item was as described, good price, and received solid communication. Good seller.    Pilgrim's Regress, Paperback by Lewis, C. S., Brand New, Free shipping in the US (#385881393727) 
  8***5 (19)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     I didn't see a verbal description of this book as "hardcover" or paperback. Cover design and price were similar to both cover styles. I thought I'd left a question for the seller, but I may have done something wrong. The package was too small to match the hardcovers previously received so I returned it unopened. Seller was very efficient, and packaging offered excellent protection. Haven't checked to see if refund was processed.    Pogo 3 : Evidence to the Contrary: The Complete Syndicated Comic Strips, Hard... (#354953679255) 
  l***1 (1402)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Great seller; seller offered for sale at a reasonable price a history book of great significance; book exactly as described; seller shipped book FAST, FREE and with tracking information, a must nowadays; great communication too; rate seller 10+++++    Diary of a Soldier: Cuba: 1895-1897, Brand New, Free shipping in the US (#355418712308) 
  r***2 (266)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Tarot pictured not the one received (I was sent a cheaper brand of the wrong design). Automated unrelated reply about delivery dates (?!) when I asked what happened. No response to further contact. To add further insult to injury the cards were sent from USA to UK in a paper envelope with no protection so were mangled on arrival. You can't get this deck in the UK, hence my order, so postage was expensive. So wrong deck, overpriced, late, destroyed, & terrible-to-no customer service! Yay! Avoid!!    Tarot of Marseilles, Cards, Brand New, Free shipping in the US (#364999279959) 
  t***p (1108)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     First and foremost I did read the negative ratings and weighed that against positives and # of sales and rolled the dice on buying from Great Book Prices Store. The book Want went missing with USPS as "Undeliverable to address" so I suspected G.B.P.S. had gone dark somehow. The book arrived several days later than "scheduled" as advertised to my relief and top rating is due. With my long history with ebay I suspect (grain of salt here!) management is in asia and translation is slow. 2 cents.    Want : Sexual Fantasies by Anonymous, Hardcover by Anderson, Gillian, Like Ne... (#356036681755) 
  t***z (63)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Fast Shipping, goog packaging, great communication, Great Seller, The Emerald Tablets of Thoth is a book of ancient esoteric knowledge, a priceless book on knowledge, a must have book to raise your conciousness!      Emerald Tablet of Hermes : The Smaragdine Table, or Tabula Smaragdina, Paperb... (#354954981214) 
  a***r (59)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Book was securely packed and arrived in outstanding condition--just as pictured and described. Fair price and quick shipping. Very happy---A++++ seller! Thank you!    American Cosmic : UFOs, Religion, Technology, Hardcover by Pasulka, D. W., Br... (#382767107787) 
  w***t (709)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past year     Verified purchase     PERFECT TRANSACTION! Shipped right after payment, well packaged, arrived during the estimated time. The item is in great condition EXACTLY as described. Very Happy, very nice purchase. Excellent communication. Thank you    Windfall Battleships : Agincourt, Canada, Erin, Eagle and the Balkan and Lati... (#386149502698) 
  See all feedback    

 Back to home page   |  See More Details about  "Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.: Logical Founda..."   Return to top     
 More to explore :   

 Computer Science Textbooks  , 
  Computer Science Hardcover Textbooks  , 
  Computer Science Textbooks in English  , 
  Computer Science Paperback Textbooks  , 
  Logic Textbooks  , 
  Science Audiobooks  , 
  Science Magazines  , 
  Science Fiction Fiction Fiction & Books  , 
  Science Fiction Magazines  , 
  Popular Science Magazines 

 Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Textbooks  
 Best Sellers  
 Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders DSM-5-TR by American Psychiatric Association (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code Handbook : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Hardcover) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2021 International Building Code by International Code Council (2020, Trade Paperback) 
    
 Top Rated  
 Real Anthony Fauci : Bill Gates, Big Pharma, and the Global War on Democracy and Public Health by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (2021, Hardcover) 
  Creature from Jekyll Island : A Second Look at the Federal Reserve by G. Edward Griffin (1994, Trade Paperback) 
  From Babylon to Timbuktu : A History of Ancient Black Races Including the Black Hebrews by Rudolph R. Windsor (1988, Trade Paperback) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2018 International Residential Code for One- and Two-Family Dwellings by International Code Council (2017, Trade Paperback) 
  Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 

 Related Searches  
 Textbooks For Computer Science 
  Introduction To Logics 
  Science Of Logic 
  Logic Of English Foundations 
  Introduction To Computing Systems 
  Logic Of English Foundation A 
  Introduction To Logic 
  The Foundations Of Mathematics 
  Computer Textbooks 
  Computational Mathematics 
  Symbolic Logic Books 
  Understanding Computers 
  Information Systems Careers 
  Conceptual Physics 12th Edition 
  Computer Science Illuminated 7th Edition 

 Additional site navigation  
  
 About eBay 
  Announcements 
  Community 
  Security Center 
  Seller Information Center 
  Policies 
  Affiliates 
  Help & Contact 
  Site Map 
 Copyright © 1995-2024 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility  , User Agreement  , Privacy  , Consumer Health Data  , Payments Terms of Use  , Cookies  , CA Privacy Notice  , Your Privacy Choices  and AdChoice |