Skip to content  MASCOTS 2023   
   
  Toggle mobile menu     
 Home 
  Program 
  Keynotes 
  Registration 
  Accepted Papers | For authors 
  Call for Papers​ | Dates 
  Committees 
  Venue & Travel | Venue 
  Travel 
  Hotel 
  Banquet 
  Things to do 

 Search for:        
  
 MASCOTS 2023  

 October 16-18, 2023  
 Stony Brook, NY, USA  

 31st International Symposium on the Modeling, Analysis, and Simulation of Computer  
  and Telecommunication Systems   
  
 The MASCOTS conference is a well-established forum for state-of-the-art research on the measurement, modeling, and performance analysis of computer systems and networks. The 31st edition of this conference will take place October 16-18, 2023 in Wang Center, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA. The conference will bring together academics and industry practitioners to present and discuss their latest research results. The technical program for the 3-day conference will include keynote talks and refereed paper presentations.  
 We encourage original submissions describing state-of-the-art research in the areas of the performance evaluation of computer systems and networks as well as in related areas. Papers describing results of theoretical and/or practical significance are welcome. Experimental, modeling, and simulation studies are all in the scope of the conference. Papers focusing on novel performance evaluation methods or providing insights on design and runtime management tradeoffs are particularly encouraged.  
 Accepted papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. A selection of the accepted papers will be invited to submit an extended version of their work to a special issue in the Performance Evaluation (PEVA) journal. Papers that are not accepted for the conference program will be considered for the MASCOTS’23 Workshop and, if accepted, may then be published in another Open Access venue.  
  
 The MASCOTS 2022 proceedings are available at IEEE Xplore   
 All questions about the conference should be emailed to mascots2023 at easychair dot org  

 The conference is over. We would like to thank all participants!   
 Here are some photos from the event.   

 Technically Co-Sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society    

 Sponsors    

 Technical Sponsor    

 Proudly powered by WordPress  |  Theme: Airi  by aThemes.