IEEE MASS 2023    Home (current) 
  About 
  Authors | Call for Papers  Call for Posters and Demos  Final Paper Submission 
  Workshops | Call for Workshop Proposals  List of Workshops 
  Committee | Steering Committee  Organizing Committee  Program Committee 
  Program | Program At A Glance  Technical Sessions  Keynote  Accepted Papers 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Patrons 

 Call for Workshop Proposals  

 SCOPE AND OVERVIEW  
 The 2023 IEEE 20th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad-Hoc and Smart Systems will be held in Toronto (Canada), September 25 – 27, 2023. The conference is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society and IEEE Computer Society’s TCDP. It is a premier annual forum for sharing original, novel ideas in mobile ad-hoc networks and smart systems, defined broadly. As wireless ad-hoc networks continue to evolve and specialize into a number of application scenarios and environments, and sensor-based systems and technologies increasingly permeate our everyday life and become the inner fabric of the Internet of Things and cyber-physical systems, the unfolding of smart environments such as smart cities, smart farming, smart healthcare, and smart manufacturing, to name a few, demand integrated solutions that can make intelligent use of both cloud and edge systems, while applying machine learning and artificial intelligence tools to handle their growing complexity and to leverage the vast amount of available data created.  
 The MASS organizing committee invites proposals for full-day or half-day workshops affiliated with the conference. The purpose of these workshops is to provide a platform for presenting novel ideas in a less formal and possibly more focused way than at the conference itself. The goal is to enable stimulating discussions of state-of-the-art, emerging, visionary, and perhaps controversial topics. Workshop proposals are solicited in all areas and topics related to mobile ad-hoc and smart systems. Addressing emerging research directions in these areas are particularly welcome.  
 Accepted MASS 2023 workshop papers will be included in the conference proceeding published in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library, showing their affiliation with IEEE MASS. We expect all accepted workshops to adhere to a common paper submission (i.e., two-column IEEE conference style, maximum paper length of 6 pages) and reviewing schedule, as outlined in the dates indicated below.  
 SUBMISSION GUIDELINES FOR WORKSHOP PROPOSALS  
 Each workshop proposal must at least include:  
  1) Full name of the workshop and its intended acronym  
  2) Workshop Organizers (names, affiliation and contact information)  
  3) A short biography of the organizers (up to 200 words for each), highlighting any conferences / workshops chaired  
  4) A brief description (up to 1 page) of the technical issues that the workshop will address, and the reasons why the workshop is of interest to MASS at this time.  
  5) Some consideration of the communities/groups the workshop intends to attract.  
  6) The names and affiliations of at least ten program committee member candidates.  
  7) Planned format of the workshop, including  
  - Duration of the workshop: Half-day, Full-day and tentative schedule  
  - Number of refereed papers, hot topic sessions, keynotes, panels (and panel formats) etc.  
  8) If applicable, a description of past versions of the workshop, including dates, organisers, numbers of submitted and accepted papers, and number of attendees.  
  9) Draft Call for Papers (max 1 page).  
  10) A description of the publicity and promotion plan.  
   
 WORKSHOP PROPOSAL SUBMISSION  
 Workshop proposals should be sent in PDF format to the Workshop Co-chairs (Eirini Eleni Tsiropoulou <eirini@unm.edu>  and Nils Aschenbruck <aschenbruck@uos.de>  ).  
 WORKSHOP ORGANIZATION TIMELINE  
  
 Proposal Submission Deadline: | March 15, 2023 
  Acceptance Notification: | March 20, 2023 
   
  The applicants should assume for now the following dates for workshop schedules (to be confirmed): 
  Workshop Paper Submission Deadline: | May 31, 2023 
  Paper Acceptance Notification: | July 3, 2023 
  Camera-ready Version: | July 17, 2023 

 Copyright © 2023 The 20th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad Hoc and Smart Systems.