Skip to main content    
  
 eBay Home | Shop by category   Shop by category | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Advanced |  
 Enter your search keyword | All Categories 
  
 Hi ( Sign in  to bid or buy) | Hi! Sign in  or register 
  Daily Deals 
  Help & Contact 
  Ship to     Loading...    Error: Try Again  Ok 
  Sell 
  Watchlist   Expand Watch List      Loading...   Sign in  to see your user information 
  My eBay   Expand My eBay  Summary 
  Recently Viewed 
  Bids/Offers 
  Watchlist 
  Purchase History 
  Buy Again 
  Selling 
  Saved Searches 
  Saved Sellers 
  Messages 
   Expand Cart      Loading...   Something went wrong. View cart for details. 
    
 {"delay":300}   

  Back to home page     
 |  Listed in category:    
 breadcrumb  
 Books, Movies & Music 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Textbooks 
  See more Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.: Machin... 

 Share     

   EXTRA 15%  OFF 3+ ITEMS See all eligible items and terms      

 Picture 1 of 1  

  Stock photo    

  Gallery   
         
 Picture 1 of 1  
  Stock photo    

 Machines, Computations, and Universality: Third International Conference, McU...   
 by | PB | Good    

  ThriftBooks   (3748147) 
    
 99% positive 
  Seller's other items   Seller's other items 
  Contact seller 

 US $10.92    
 Approximately   277,608.24 VND     

 Condition:    
 Good   Good       More information - About this item condition      

 “  Pages can have notes/highlighting. Spine may show signs of wear. ~ ThriftBooks: Read More,  ”  ...  Read more about condition      
  Good   
      
 A book that has been read but is in good condition. Very minimal damage to the cover including scuff marks, but no holes or tears. The dust jacket for hard covers may not be included. Binding has minimal wear. The majority of pages are undamaged with minimal creasing or tearing, minimal pencil underlining of text, no highlighting of text, no writing in margins. No missing pages. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.    

 Buy It Now           Machines, Computations, and Universality: Third International Conference, McU...    Sign in to check out     Check out as guest 
  Add to cart 
  Add to watchlist 

 Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.  
 Refresh your browser window to try again.  
   
 Refresh Browser    

  Shipping:    

 US $29.26  (approx 743,847.72 VND)   eBay International Shipping      Shop worldwide with confidence including detailed tracking and hassle-free returns.   Learn more     
             .  See details for shipping      
 Located in: Aurora, IL, United States    

 Save on combined shipping              
 Shop multiple items    
 We'll automatically apply shipping discounts if you purchase two or more eligible items from the same seller.    
        
 Bundle and save    
 To confirm if items are eligible, simply add them to cart and you'll see the combined shipping total at checkout.    

 Authorities may apply duties, fees, and taxes upon delivery      You may owe duties and fees upon delivery    
 Customs authorities may apply duties, customs fees, and taxes when your order arrives. Your local authority will be in touch if there’s anything you owe.    
    
 What are import charges?    
 Import charges  includes duties, processing fees, and taxes on imports.    
 Duties  are a type of tax collected on imports by a country's customs authorities. Usually, the duties vary depending on the item and its value. In different countries, this tax may be called a customs duty, import duty, or tariff.    
 Carriers and customs authorities may charge additional  processing fees  .    

 Delivery:    

  Estimated between  Wed, Jan 8  and  Fri, Jan 31  to  0      Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab    include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of  cleared payment cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab    . Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.    
               
 Please note the delivery estimate is  greater than 31 business days.    
 Seller ships within 1 day after  receiving cleared payment   .    

 Returns:    

 30 days returns  .  Buyer pays for return shipping  .  See details - for more information about returns      

 Payments:    

               Diners Club       

 Shop with confidence   

 eBay Money Back Guarantee    
 Get the item you ordered or your money back.   Learn more eBay Money Back Guarantee - opens new window or tab      

 Report this item   Report this item - opens in new window or tab     

 About this item      
   
 Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.    

 eBay item number:  146089828432    

 Last updated on  Nov 24, 2024 16:15:57 PST  View all revisions View all revisions      

 Item specifics    

 Condition    
   
  Good    
   
     A book that has been read but is in good condition. Very minimal damage to the cover including scuff marks, but no holes or tears. The dust jacket for hard covers may not be included. Binding has minimal wear. The majority of pages are undamaged with minimal creasing or tearing, minimal pencil underlining of text, no highlighting of text, no writing in margins. No missing pages. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.  See all condition definitions opens in a new window or tab      
                
 Seller Notes    
   
  “Pages can have notes/highlighting. Spine may show signs of wear. ~ ThriftBooks: Read More, ...   Read more about the seller notes      “Pages can have notes/highlighting. Spine may show signs of wear. ~ ThriftBooks: Read More, Spend Less”   Read Less about the seller notes        

 Binding    
   
  Paperback    

 Weight    
   
  1 lbs    

 Product Group    
   
  Book    

 IsTextBook    
   
  No    

 ISBN    
   
  9783540421214    

 Subject Area    
   
  Mathematics, Computers    

 Publication Name    
   
  Machines, Computations and Universality : Third International Conference, MCU 2001 Chisinau, Moldava, May 2001, Proceedings    

 Publisher    
   
  Springer Berlin / Heidelberg    

 Item Length    
   
  9.3 in    

 Subject    
   
  Programming / General, Programming / Algorithms, Computer Science, Algebra / General    

 Publication Year    
   
  2001    

 Series    
   
  Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.    

 Type    
   
  Textbook    

 Format    
   
  Trade Paperback    

 Language    
   
  English    

 Author    
   
  Yurii Rogozhin    

 Item Weight    
   
  36.7 Oz    

 Item Width    
   
  6.1 in    

 Number of Pages    
   
  VIII, 328 Pages    

 About this product    

 Product Identifiers    

 Publisher    

 Springer Berlin / Heidelberg    

 ISBN-10    

 3540421211    

 ISBN-13    

 9783540421214    

 eBay Product ID (ePID)    

 2193907    

 Product Key Features    

 Number of Pages    

 VIII, 328 Pages    

 Language    

 English    

 Publication Name    

 Machines, Computations and Universality : Third International Conference, MCU 2001 Chisinau, Moldava, May 2001, Proceedings    

 Subject    

 Programming / General, Programming / Algorithms, Computer Science, Algebra / General    

 Publication Year    

 2001    

 Type    

 Textbook    

 Subject Area    

 Mathematics, Computers    

 Author    

 Yurii Rogozhin    

 Series    

 Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.    

 Format    

 Trade Paperback    

 Dimensions    

 Item Weight    

 36.7 Oz    

 Item Length    

 9.3 in    

 Item Width    

 6.1 in    

 Additional Product Features    

 Intended Audience    

 Scholarly & Professional    

 LCCN    

 2001-269908    

 Dewey Edition    

 21    

 Series Volume Number    

 2055    

 Number of Volumes    

 1 vol.    

 Illustrated    

 Yes    

 Dewey Decimal    

 005.131    

 Table Of Content    

 Invited Lectures Notes.- Three Small Universal Turing Machines.- Computation in Gene Networks.- Power, Puzzles and Properties of Entanglement.- Combinatorial and Computational Problems on Finite Sets of Words.- Computing with Membranes (P Systems): Universality Results.- A Simple Universal Logic Element and Cellular Automata for Reversible Computing.- Some Applications of the Decidability of DPDA's Equivalence.- The Equivalence Problem for Computational Models: Decidable and Undecidable Cases.- Two Normal Forms for Rewriting P Systems.- Technical Contributions.- On a Conjecture of K?rka. A Turing Machine with No Periodic Configurations.- On the Transition Graphs of Turing Machines.- JC-Nets.- JC-Nets.- Nonterminal Complexity of Programmed Grammars.- Nonterminal Complexity of Programmed Grammars.- On the Number of Non-Terminal Symbols in Graph-Controlled, Programmed and Matrix Grammars.- On the Number of Non-Terminal Symbols in Graph-Controlled, Programmed and Matrix Grammars.- A Direct Construction of a Universal Extended H System.- A Direct Construction of a Universal Extended H System.- Speeding-Up Cellular Automata by Alternations.- Speeding-Up Cellular Automata by Alternations.- Efficient Universal Pushdown Cellular Automata and Their Application to Complexity.- Efficient Universal Pushdown Cellular Automata and Their Application to Complexity.- Firing Squad Synchronization Problem on Bidimensional Cellular Automata with Communication Constraints.- Firing Squad Synchronization Problem on Bidimensional Cellular Automata with Communication Constraints.- P Systems with Membrane Creation: Universality and Efficiency.- P Systems with Membrane Creation: Universality and Efficiency.- On the Computational Power of a Continuous-space Optical Model of Computation.- On theComputational Power of a Continuous-space Optical Model of Computation.- On a P-optimal Proof System for the Set of All Satisfiable Boolean Formulas (SAT).- On a P-optimal Proof System for the Set of All Satisfiable Boolean Formulas (SAT).- D0L System + Watson-Crick Complementarity = Universal Computation.- D0L System + Watson-Crick Complementarity = Universal Computation.    

 Synopsis    

 In the ?rst part of the present volume of LNCS, the reader will ?nd the invited talks given at the MCU 2001 conference. In the second part, he/she will ?nd the contributions that were presented at the conference after selection. In both cases, papers are arranged in the alphabetical order of the authors. MCU 2001 is the third conference in theoretical computer science, Machines, computations and universality, formerly, Machines et calculs universels. Both previous conferences, MCU'95 and MCU'98, were organized by Maurice M- genstern in Paris and in Metz (France), respectively. From the very beginning, MCU conferences have been an international sci- ti'c event. For the third conference, in order to stress that aspect, it was decided to hold it outside France. Moldova was chosen thanks to the close cooperation between the present chairmen of MCU 2001. MCU 2001 also aims at high scienti'c standards. We hope that the present volume will convince the reader that the tradition of previous conferences have been upheld by this one. Cellular automata and molecular computing are well represented in this volume. And this is also the case for quantum computing, f- mal languages, and the theory of automata. MCU 2001 does not fail its tradition of providing our community with important results on Turing machines.    

 LC Classification Number    

 QA75.5-76.95    

 Item description from the seller   

 About this seller     

  ThriftBooks    
 99% positive feedback  •  18.6M  items sold   

 Joined Mar 2015     

 Just Voted on Newsweek - ThriftBooks ranks #1 America's Best Online Shops 2025 in Office, Electronics & Media sector, Media category!!ThriftBooks is a fully independent seller of used books, having ...   See more           
    Just Voted on Newsweek - ThriftBooks ranks #1 America's Best Online Shops 2025 in Office, Electronics & Media sector, Media category!!ThriftBooks is a fully independent seller of used books, having sold more than 160 million used and new books since we started in 2003. Each quality used book is sorted, graded, shelved and shipped by hand by our team of dedicated employees in our seven warehouses across the US. We have the best selection of books, in the right condition and format, at everyday low prices. We also have a dedicated, US-based Customer Service team, ranked #1 by Newsweek for Best Customer Service in 2024, so you can shop with confidence. We support and invest in our employees, appreciate and value our customers, and truly believe in the power of the written word to educate, energize, and engage readers of all ages and interests.   See less        
      
 Visit store    Contact              Save seller     

 Popular categories from this store   
 See all categories      
   
 Collectibles    Stamps    Books & Magazines    Business & Industrial    Entertainment Memorabilia    Computers/Tablets & Networking    Movies & TV    Video Games & Consoles    Music      

 Detailed seller ratings   
 Average for the last 12 months    
 Accurate description    
  4.9    
 Reasonable shipping cost    
  5.0    
 Shipping speed    
  5.0    
 Communication    
  4.9    

 Seller feedback  (5,422,178)   
 0***k (137)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     As described. Easy to interact and buy from. Great communication. Highly recommended seller - items packed with care and shipped promptly. Arrived much earlier than the expected arrival date. Prices are reasonable and the items are in great condition. Thanks a lot.    The Narrow Road to Oku by Basho, Matsuo (#375168891627) 
  u***0 (272)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Outstanding seller. Fair prices that are more than reasonable.. The product is in better condition than described, a true value for my money. Packaged and shipped well shows seller has concern for the products sold to arrive in excellent condition. The seller communicated timely with progress. Highly recommend this seller & will do business again. Thank you!    Better Homes and Gardens New Cook Book by Better Homes and Gardens (#373516915436) 
  o***o (840)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Outstanding seller. Fair prices that are more than reasonable.. The product is in better condition than described, a true value for my money. Packaged and shipped well shows seller has concern for the products sold to arrive in excellent condition. The seller communicated timely with progress. Highly recommend this seller & will do business again. Thank you!    Evangelicals and Tradition: The Formative Influence of the Early Church (#145210884223) 
  w***o (1144)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     thrift.books is an awesome place to purchase books! excellent communication! often the books arrive in better condition than described. ships very fast & the books arrive quickly! carefully packaged! +AAAAAAAAAA ebay sellers. i highly recommend thrift.books for people wanting to purchase books! reasonable prices and free shipping!    Lo, Michael by Hill, Grace Livingston (#145469523709) 
  c***m (358)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     AAA+++; Excellent Service; Great Pricing; Fast Delivery-Faster Than Expected to Hawaii!; using free shipping; USPS Ground Mail, DVD in Excellent Condition--Better Than Described ; TLC Packaging; Excellent Seller Communication, Sends updates . Highly Recommended!, Thank you very much!    Scalia (#196717297200) 
  r***6 (18)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Very satisfied! Reliable seller with fair prices. One ordered item turned out to be sold during the process, but was promptly refunded. Other ordered items arrived eralier than estimated. They were neatly packed and in the condition described. Contact with seller prior to the order wasn't possible, but communication afterwards was spotless.    Universe 10 by Terry Carr (#143913259260) 
  b***l (3881)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Perfect transaction. Great asset to Ebay, A++. All praise, no surprises, smooth transaction, accurately described, fair price, quality rare unique item, timely quick delivery, fair shipping cost, well packaged, no damage, good communications. I'm always looking for a unique figurine for my collection and I found one with this purchase. No issues what-so-ever.. Sincerely appreciate the purchase, and thank you valued seller. LittleMaryStuff, Wood-n-Stuff.com & BlendItOnLLC    Baby's Day Out (#145049752215) 
  1***d (35)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Lightning fast delivery, the item was packaged securely and safely. Item was priced fairly and came in the same condition described. Would highly recommend this seller, top notch communication look forward to doing business with them again in the future.    The Screwtape Letters by Lewis, C. S. (#373918917531) 
  See all feedback    

 Back to home page   |  See More Details about  "Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.: Machines, Comp..."   Return to top     
 More to explore :   

 Computer & IT Nonfiction Books Fiction & International Edition  , 
  Computer & IT Nonfiction Books Fiction & International Cuisine  , 
  Computer & IT Nonfiction Books in English Fiction & International Edition  , 
  Computers Magazines  , 
  Computer Science Textbooks  , 
  Computer Games Magazines  , 
  Oxford University Press Textbooks  , 
  Textbook International Edition Textbooks  , 
  Oxford University Press Mathematics Textbooks  , 
  Cambridge University Press Antiquarian & Collectible Bibles 

 Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Textbooks  
 Best Sellers  
 Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders DSM-5-TR by American Psychiatric Association (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code Handbook : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Hardcover) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2021 International Building Code by International Code Council (2020, Trade Paperback) 
    
 Top Rated  
 Real Anthony Fauci : Bill Gates, Big Pharma, and the Global War on Democracy and Public Health by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (2021, Hardcover) 
  Creature from Jekyll Island : A Second Look at the Federal Reserve by G. Edward Griffin (1994, Trade Paperback) 
  From Babylon to Timbuktu : A History of Ancient Black Races Including the Black Hebrews by Rudolph R. Windsor (1988, Trade Paperback) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2018 International Residential Code for One- and Two-Family Dwellings by International Code Council (2017, Trade Paperback) 
  Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 

 Related Searches  
 Computational Mathematics 
  Introduction To Computing Systems 
  The Mathematical Universe 
  Machine Multiplication 
  Understanding Computers 
  Structure And Interpretation Of Computer Programs 
  Universal Ecu 
  Universal Instruments Corporation 
  Ultimate Machine 
  Textbooks For Computer Science 
  United Technologies Corporation 
  Measurement Computing 
  Structured Computer Organization 
  Consumer Mathematics 
  Engineering Mathematics 

 Additional site navigation  
  
 About eBay 
  Announcements 
  Community 
  Security Center 
  Seller Information Center 
  Policies 
  Affiliates 
  Help & Contact 
  Site Map 
 Copyright © 1995-2024 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility  , User Agreement  , Privacy  , Consumer Health Data  , Payments Terms of Use  , Cookies  , CA Privacy Notice  , Your Privacy Choices  and AdChoice |