Facebook 
  Twitter 
  RSS 
  Connection 

 2009 
  2010 
  2011 
  2012 
  2013 
  2014 
  2015 
  2016 
  2017 
  2018 
  2019 
  2020 
  2021 
  2022 
  2023 

 Sélectionner une page     

 In the world of the Internet of Things (IoT), the rapid growth and exponential use of digital components leads to the emergence of intelligent environments namely « digital ecosystems » connected to the web and composed of multiple and independent entities such as individuals, organizations, services, software and applications sharing one or several missions and focusing on the interactions and inter-relationships among them.  
 With the help of the computational intelligence, these digital ecosystems can exhibit new self-* properties (such as self-management, self-healing and self-configuration) environments, thanks to the re-combination and evolution of its « digital components », in which resources provided by each entity are properly conserved, managed and used. The underlying web-based resources mainly comprehend big data management, innovative services, smart and self-* properties platforms.  
    
 Due to the multi-disciplinary nature of digital ecosystems, they are highly complex to study and design. This also leads to a poor understanding as to how managing resources will empower digital ecosystems to be innovative, intelligent and value-creating. The application of Information Technologies has the potential to enable the understanding of how entities request resources and ultimately interact to create benefits and added-values, impacting business practices and knowledge. These technologies can be improved through novel techniques, models and methodologies for fields such as big data management, web technologies, networking, security, human-computer interactions, artificial intelligence, e-services and self-organizing systems to support the establishment of digital ecosystems and manage their resources.  
 The International Conference on ManagEment of Digital EcoSystems (MEDES)  , previously named « The International Conference on Management of Emergent Digital EcoSystems », aims to develop and bring together a diverse community from academia, research laboratories and industry interested in exploring the manifold challenges and issues related to web technologies and resource management of Digital Ecosystems and how current approaches and technologies can be evolved and adapted to this end. The conference seeks related original research papers, industrial papers and proposals for demonstrations, and tutorials and workshops.  
 The conference Proceedings will be published and indexed by the ACM Digital Library  and DBLP  .  
 MEDES Ethics  
 MEDES Code of Ethics:  MEDES adopted since 2018 ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct  .   
 MEDES Privacy Policy:  MEDES adopts ACM privacy policy  .   
 MEDES Policy Against Harassment:  M EDES aims at providing an environment that embraces diversity and provides a safe, welcoming environment for all. Thus, it adopted ACM Policy Against Harassment  .   
 MEDES Conflict of Interest Policy:  MEDES Adopts ACM Conflict of Interest Policy  .   
   
 The Steering Commitee   
 Agma Traina, Brazil 
  Antonio Rinaldi, Italy 
  Badir Hassan, Morrocco 
  Djamal Benslimane, France 
  Caetano Traina, Brazil 
  Claudio Siverstri, Italy 
  Ernesto Damiani, UAE 
  Gwanggil Jeon, Korea 
  Hutchatai Chanlekha, Thailand 
  Joe Tekli, Lebanon 
  Khouloud Salameh, UAE 
  Ladjel Bellatrech, France 
  Lionel Brunie, France 
  Mirjana Ivanovic, Russia 
  Ngoc Thanh Nguyen, Poland 
  Nicolas Spyratos, France 
  Salma Sassi, Tunisia 
  Sana Sellami, France 
  Shohei Yokoyama, Japan 
  Susan Elias, India 
  Tulay Yildrim, Turkey 
  Yannis Manolopoulos, Greece 
  Zakaria Maamar, Qatar 

 Design de Elegant Themes  | Propulsé par WordPress