MEMOCODE'23   
 21st ACM-IEEE International Symposium on Formal Methods and Models for System Design  
  Hamburg, Germany  
  September 21-22, 2023  

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Program 

 Organization  
 General Co-Chairs | Reinhard von Hanxleden, Christian-Albrecht University of Kiel, Germany; | Stephen A. Edwards, Columbia University, USA 
  Programme Committee Co-Chairs | Jens Brandt, Hochschule Niederrhein, Germany; | Qi Zhu, Northwestern University, USA 
    
 Program Committee  
 Shuvra Bhattacharyya, University of Maryland 
  Sudipta Chattopadhyay, Singapore University of Technology and Design 
  Thao Dang, CNRS/VERIMAG 
  Patricia Derler, Palo Alto Research Center 
  Mamoun Filali-Amine, IRIT 
  Martin Fränzle, Carl von Ossietzky Universität Oldenburg 
  Eunsuk Kang, Carnegie Mellon University 
  Rick Kuhn, Natl Institute of Standards & Technology 
  Matthew Kuo, Auckland University of Technology 
  Luciano Lavagno, Politecnico di Torino 
  Elizabeth Leonard, Naval Research Laboratory 
  Xuandong Li, Nanjing University 
  Stefan Mitsch, Carnegie Mellon University 
  Katell Morin-Allory, TIMA Laboratory 
  Luan Nguyen, University of Dayton 
  Pierluigi Nuzzo, University of Southern California 
  Roberto Passerone, University of Trento 
  Doron Peled, Bar Ilan University 
  Pavithra Prabhakar, Kansas State University 
  Sanjiva Prasad, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi 
  Sven Schewe, University of Liverpool 
  Klaus Schneider, University of Kaiserslautern 
  Sandeep Shukla, Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (IIT Kanpur) 
  Marjan Sirjani, Malardalen University, Reykjavik University 
  Jürgen Teich, University of Erlangen-Nuremberg 
  Ashutosh Trivedi University of Colorado Boulder 
  Tiziano Villa, Universita' di Verona 
  Ji Wang, National Laboratory for Parallel and Distributed Processing 
  Tuba Yavuz, University of Florida 
  Chen Yu-Fang, Academia Sinica 
  Lijun Zhang, CAS 
  Paolo Zuliani, Newcastle University 
    
 Steering Committee  
 SC Chair | Jean-Pierre Talpin, Inria, France 
  SC Members | Pierluigi Nuzzo, University of Southern California, USA | Partha Roop, University of Auckland, USA | Klaus Schneider, TU Kaiserslautern Germany | S. Arun-Kumar, IIT, Delhi | Naijun Zhan, Institute of Software, CAS 

 Call for Papers  
 MEMOCODE brings together researchers and practitioners interested in formal methods for system design and development, to exchange ideas, research results and lessons learned. The symposium focuses on the foundations and applications of formal methods in the development of hardware, firmware, middleware, and application software for systems, ranging from single embedded devices to highly networked cyber-physical systems and the Internet of Things.  
 Topics of Interest  
 MEMOCODE solicits research papers on formal methods in system design that address the foundations, engineering methods, tools, or experimental case studies. Research areas of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Modeling Languages, Methods, and Tools | Programming languages and models; software and system modeling languages; architecture and high-level hardware description languages; timing models; model and program synthesis methods; model transformation methods. 
  Formal Methods and Tools | Correct-by-construction methods; contract-based design and verification; static, dynamic, and type theoretic analysis; verification; validation; probabilistic model checking; test generation; refinement-based and compositional approaches to design and verification. 
  Models and Methods for Developing Critical Systems | Fault-tolerant systems; security-critical and safety-critical systems; cyber-physical systems; hybrid systems; autonomous systems; self-adapting systems; systems that merge humans, artificial intelligence, and cyber-physical systems; societal-scale cyber-physical systems, such as connected vehicles and smart grids. 
  Quantitative/Qualitative Reasoning | Power/performance/cost/latency estimation methods; system models for quantitative design space exploration 
  Formal Methods/Models in Practice | Design case studies; empirical case studies 
   
 Dates  
 Abstract submission deadline: May 12, 2023 
  Paper submission deadline: May 26, 2023 
  Notification of acceptance: Jul 07, 2023 | (slightly delayed) 
  Final version of papers: Aug 4, 2023 
  Conference: Sep 21-22, 2023 
  MEMOCODE'23 is a part of ESWEEK 2023  , which will take place in Hamburg, Germany. Registered attendees can attend sessions in any of the online events, including the conferences (CASES, CODES+ISSS, EMSOFT), symposia, tutorials, workshops, and education classes. Submissions  
 MEMOCODE'23 calls for three kinds of submissions: regular papers, work-in-progress papers, and tool presentations. All papers must be written in English and formatted according to the IEEE Computer Society guidelines  . A double-blind review process  will be enforced. Authors must not reveal their identity directly or indirectly. Submission of papers is handled via SoftConf  .  
 Regular papers | are no longer than 10 pages, excluding bibliography and appendices. They should describe original work that does not overlap with another publication or a submission under review or accepted for publication by any other conference or journal. Reviewers will check regular papers for the soundness and novelty of the proposed solutions. 
  Tool papers | are no longer than 8 pages, excluding bibliography and appendices. They should describe an existing and publicly available tool that implements relevant methods. The methods might have been published before, but the tool should not have been described in a tool paper previously. In addition to reviewing the paper, reviewers will assess the tool itself using inputs and a user's manual provided by the authors on the tool's web page. 
  Work-in-progress (WIP) papers | are no longer than 4 pages, excluding bibliography and appendices. They should describe ongoing work. Reviewers will judge the novelty of the idea, but do not yet expect proofs for the envisioned results. 
  For questions regarding technical submissions, feel free to contact one of the program committee co-chairs. All accepted papers (regular papers, WIP papers, and tool papers) will be published as IEEE conference proceedings with IEEE eXpress  . Publication in the proceedings is contingent on one author registering for and presenting the paper at the conference. Selected papers will be invited for publication in a special issue of the ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems. The Program Committee will also select 1-2 papers for the Best Paper Award.