MICRO 2023    
 Submit Work | Call for Papers 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Camera-Ready Guidelines 
  HotCRP Submission Site 
  Call for Workshops & Tutorials 
  Student Research Competition 
  Program | Main Program 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  PhD Forum 
  Attend | Venue & Hotel 
  Room Sharing Slack 
  Register for the Conference 
  Visa Information 
  Student Travel Grants 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Code of Conduct 
  @MicroArchConf 
  microarch.org 
  Home 

 MICRO 2023  
 56th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture ®   
 October 28 – November 1, 2023  
 Toronto, Canada  

 Important Dates  
   
 Full Paper Deadline: | April 28, 2023 at 11:59 PM PDT 
  Student Research Competition Deadline: | August 31, 2023 
  Camera-Ready Deadline: | September 18, 2023 
  Student Travel Grant Deadline: | September 20, 2023 
  Early Registration Deadline: | September 28, 2023 
  Hotel Rates Guaranteed Until: | October 6, 2023 | (subject to availability) 
  Today's Program  Whova  Registration Info   

 The IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture  ®  is the premier forum for presenting, discussing, and debating innovative microarchitecture ideas and techniques for advanced computing and communication systems. This symposium brings together researchers in fields related to microarchitecture, compilers, chips, and systems for technical exchange on traditional microarchitecture topics and emerging research areas. The MICRO community has enjoyed a close interaction between academic researchers and industrial designers, and we aim to continue this tradition at MICRO-56. In 2023, MICRO goes to Toronto, Canada.  

  Announcements  
 Updated Workshop/Tutorial Rooms  
 October 27, 2023   
   
 We have updated the locations of several workshops and tutorials that will be held this weekend. Please see the workshop & tutorial schedule  for the most updated locations. Note that we have also had a few late workshop/tutorial cancellations due to unavoidable issues.  
   
 Register on Whova  
 October 21, 2023   
   
 The Whova  platform for MICRO-56 is up. Join the virtual event platform to stay tuned for many announcements and events that will be posted during the conference days. Please login to Whova using the same email address used for the conference registration.  
   
 Room Sharing: Join Our Slack Channel!  
 July 28, 2023   
   
 MICRO 2023 facilitates room sharing using a dedicated Slack channel. Please feel free to sign up using this link to find attendees with whom you can share the hotel accommodations taxi rides, and other travel-related expenses, and organize social events, meals, excursions with your folks during conference. Moreover, during the conference, MICRO 2023 organizers will be providing suggestions about affordable restaurants, intriguing museums and enjoyable activities to explore in the city. We hope that you have a delightful time at the conference, making meaningful connections with your peers and thoroughly enjoying your attendance at MICRO 2023! We look forward to welcoming you to Toronto. Join our Slack channel!  .  

 Tweets   

  Platinum Sponsors  

  Amazon Web Services    

  Huawei    

  Gold Sponsors  

  AMD    

  MangoBoost    

  IBM    

  Silver Sponsors  

  Google    

  Technical Sponsors & Student Travel Grant Sponsors  

  TCuARCH    

  ACM SIGMICRO    

  Huawei    

  © 56th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture ®    
 IEEE Privacy Policy