MobiCom '23   
   
 Home 
  Author Info | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Workshops & Tutorials 
  Camera-Ready Instructions 
  Program | Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted Posters & Demos 
  Accepted Workshops 
  Committees 
  Attendee info | Registration 
  Local Information 
  Visa information 
  Venue 
  Student Info | Travel Grant 
  Mentorship 
  SRC 
  Sponsorship 
  N2Women 
  About 

 Call for papers   
 The ACM MobiCom conference seeks papers describing significant research contributions in the field of wireless networking and mobile computing. MobiCom solicits papers that address important research challenges and build practical working systems. Successful papers should propose novel ideas to attack such problems through rigorous analysis, system design and real-world measurement or deployment of mobile networks, systems and applications.  
   
  MobiCom’23 will emphasize novelty and creativity while, at the same time, taking a broader and more inclusive view of wireless and mobile systems research. On one hand, the more novel the concept, the harder it can be to fully develop or evaluate all its aspects. On the other hand the more practical and developed the system, the more simple and sometimes known techniques must be leveraged. The review process will take both cases into account as intellectual merit and novelty can be found in techniques, system designs, implementations, and applications. The review process will also favor papers that describe how the authors will provide access to well-documented datasets, modeling and/or simulation tools, and codebases to support the reproducibility of their methods as well as papers that highlight and discuss not only the significance but also the limitations of the work.  
   
  Unlike in previous years, MobiCom’23 will not have separate categories of challenge, experience, and verification papers. However, we do encourage the submission of experience papers as full papers that provide detailed technical insight into real-world deployments of novel technologies and systems. MobiCom'23 will also incorporate early notifications for papers rejected in round 1 and rebuttals as described below in more detail.  

  Important Dates  
  
 Summer | Winter 
 Abstract Registration | August 12, 2022 23:59 PDT | March 10, 2023 23:59 PDT 
 Paper Submission | August 19, 2022 23:59 PDT | March 17, 2023 23:59 PDT 
 Early Notification | October 7, 2022 | May 8, 2023 
 Reviews Released to Authors | October 21, 2022 | May 26, 2023 
 Rebuttals Due | October 28, 2022 23:59 PDT | June 3, 2023 23:59 PDT 
 Notification of Acceptance | November 18, 2022 | June 20, 2023 

  Topics  
  
  We invite submissions on a wide range of mobile computing, mobile systems, mobile applications, and wireless networking research including but not limited to the following (listed alphabetically): Applications of machine learning to mobile/wireless research 
  Backscatter communication and wireless power 
  Edge and cloud computing 
  Embedded and energy-harvesting systems 
  Experimental platforms and infrastructures for wireless/mobile research 
  Implanted and wearable computing 
  Machine-to-machine communications 
  Millimeter-wave and terahertz communications 
  Mobile data science & analysis 
  Mobile health 
  Next generation of mobile networks (5G, 6G and beyond) 
  Mobile web, video, virtual reality, and other applications 
  Novel applications of wireless signals 
  Mobile systems and applications 
  Practical quantum applications and systems (quantum sensing, quantum programming quantum machine learning, etc.) 
  Robotic and drone-based networking 
  Reconfigurable surfaces and meta materials for mobile systems 
  Satellite Networks 
  Security and privacy issues/solutions for mobile/wireless systems 
  Sensing with radio, light, sound, and acoustics 
  Systems smart spaces (e.g. smart factories, smart workspace, smart agriculture) 
  Ubiquitous computing and mobile human-computer interaction 
  Underwater networking and sensing 
  Visible light communications 
  V2X: Vehicular to Anything Networking 
  Wireless localization and tracking 
   
  Two Deadlines, Early Notification, Rebuttals, and One-shot Revision  
  
  MobiCom 2023 offers authors the option of two deadlines and keeps the one-shot revision process to enhance the timeliness and quality of the scientific results from the research community. Each paper will go through the same rigorous reviewing process as in previous MobiCom conferences. The review process for each deadline will involve two rounds. Papers that are not selected to proceed after the first round will receive an early notification, including reviews. After the second round of reviews, the reviews will be released to the authors and who will have one week to submit a rebuttal.  
   
  Rebuttals  
 MobiCom will provide an opportunity for authors to respond to reviews prior to the final consideration of the papers at the program committee meeting. Authors must limit their responses to (a) correcting factual errors in the reviews or (b) directly addressing questions posed by reviewers. Responses should be limited to clarifying the submitted work. In particular, responses must not include new experiments, new data, or new figures, describe additional work completed since submission or promise additional work to follow.  
   
  The submission of a rebuttal is optional. Rebuttals will be limited to a maximum of 1000 words submitted in the online submission form. It is worth noting that available reviews will be released at the above-mentioned times. However, additional reviews might be solicited or submitted after the rebuttal period.  
   
  Final decisions will be one of the following  
  
  Accept | : Accepted papers will be presented at the MobiCom conference and appear as part of the proceedings and the MobiCom website. Note all the papers in this category will initially be | conditionally accepted | . The papers that go through a successful | anonymous | shepherding process will eventually be accepted. 
  Reject | : Rejected after reviewed papers cannot be resubmitted until 11 months have passed since the last MobiCom deadline they were submitted to. We strongly encourage the authors to address reviewers' feedback before re-submitting the paper to MobiCom. 
  One-Shot-Revision | : Papers, where a revision is required, will be given specific action points and can be resubmitted for the | next | deadline. For such papers, the reviewers will articulate a maximum of three major changes/clarifications that they would like to see. After the resubmission, the paper will be evaluated based on whether the authors have properly addressed the reviewers’ requests. Unlike in the shepherding process, the requested action points may include running additional experiments that obtain specific results and could take more than 4-6 weeks. During this revision period, the paper is still considered under review to MobiCom and therefore cannot be submitted to other conferences unless the authors first withdraw it from consideration. 
   
  Artifact Evaluation for Accepted Papers  
 The authors of accepted MobiCom 2023 papers will be invited to submit supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. Artifact Evaluation is run by a separate committee that will assess how well the submitted artifacts support the work described in the accepted papers. Participation in Artifact Evaluation is voluntary and has no influence on the paper’s acceptance, but is strongly encouraged. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive badges printed on the papers themselves. Additional details on the Artifact Evaluation process can be found here.  
   
  Submission Instructions  
  
  All paper submissions will be handled electronically at the MobiCom ’23 paper submission website  . Authors should prepare a PDF version of their full paper. All submitted papers will be evaluated through a double-blind  reviewing process, with the identities of the authors withheld from the reviewers.  
   
  Before final submission, you are expected to make sure that your paper complies with the following requirements. Please do not violate these requirements with the aim of including additional material: ​submissions that violate the formatting requirements may not be reviewed​.  You can visually inspect a page-by-page report of your paper format using the same tool as the submission system via a separate ​ online form  . After the submission deadline, we will use the same tool to check the conformance of papers. The format checking tool uses heuristics and can make mistakes. The PC chairs will manually inspect and possibly reject those papers with evident format violations. However, no paper will be rejected due to format violations without being manually checked.  
   
  Any papers that do not adhere to the following guidelines may be immediately rejected:  
   
  Contain no more than | twelve (12) | single-spaced and numbered pages, including figures, tables, any appendices, and any other material, followed by as many pages as necessary for bibliographic references. Papers whose non-bibliographic content is longer than 12 pages will not be reviewed. 
  Font size no smaller than | 10 points | . 
  Double column format with each column having dimensions 9.25 inches x 3.33 inches, a space of 0.33 inches between the two columns, and with no more than 55 lines of text per column. 
  Fit properly on US letter-sized paper (8.5 inches by 11 inches). 
  Submissions must be in PDF (Portable Document Format) authors should ensure that they are compatible with Adobe Acrobat (English version). Any other formats including Postscript and MS-Word, will not be accepted. 
  Authors' names must not appear anywhere in the paper or in the PDF file. The PDF file must also not contain any embedded hyperlinks, as these may compromise reviewer anonymity. 
  Limit the file size to less than 15 MB: contact the PC chairs if you have a file larger than this limit. 
  You may find these templates  useful in complying with the above requirements. For Latex users, please use ​ \documentclass[sigconf,10pt]{acmart}​  . But as an author, you bear the final responsibility to verify (manually or through the above online paper checker) that your submission is format-compliant.  

  By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects.  Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
   
  Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  

  Submission Policy  
  
  In addition to the formatting requirements, all authors are ​expected to make sure that their paper complies with the following submission policies.  
   
  Previous Publications  
 We allow submissions that extend a previous work published as a poster demo, or workshop paper such as HotMobile or HotNets. However, in such case, the author(s) should (1) acknowledge their own previous workshop publication with an anonymous citation (e.g., "[7] Anonymized workshop paper") and (b) explain the differences between the MobiCom submission and the prior workshop paper (e.g. "This paper extends a prior workshop paper [7] and differs in the following aspects ..."). In addition, the online submission form will require authors to submit the deanonymized citation and a short explanation of the differences from the prior workshop paper. The PC will review such extended versions of previously-published workshop papers in accordance with the ACM Plagiarism Policy.  
   
  No Simultaneous Submissions  
 All submissions must describe original research not published or currently under review for another conference or journal. It is ACM policy ( ​ACM Author Rights and Publishing Policy, Prior Publication, and Simultaneous Submissions  ​) not to allow double submissions, where the same paper is submitted concurrently to more than one conference/journal. Any double submissions detected will be immediately rejected  from all conferences/journals involved.  
   
  The ACM policy on simultaneous submissions does not consider technical reports (including arXiv) to be concurrent publications or submissions.  
   
   Double-blind Submissions  
 All submissions will be evaluated through double-blind reviewing. Please do not violate this requirement by explicitly or implicitly leaking the identity of any co-author or institution. They include but not limited to the below requirements: Please be sure your name and affiliation do not appear on the paper or in the submitted PDF file. This means that before submission, you must remove from the paper the authors' names, authors' affiliations, acknowledgments of funding sources etc. 
  Please be cautious and careful how you refer to your own prior work in the paper. For example, do not describe your prior work with phrases like: | “In prior work[3], we presented a routing protocol that …” | Instead, refer to your work in the third person, such as | “In prior work, Smith[3] presented a routing protocol that …” | With this method, the full citation to Smith can still be given, such as | [3] Smith, J., "Analysis of … " | In particular, it is not acceptable to say | [3] Reference deleted for double-blind review. 
  Please avoid advertising the paper with the same or similar title on your webpage social media, or through large mailing lists. Authors may include links to websites that contain source code, tools, or other supplemental material. The link in the paper, however, must be anonymized. Reviewers are not obliged to review such supplementary materials and such links must not be used to provide additional text that does not fit within the 12-page limit of the paper. 
  Authors are allowed to give talks to restricted audiences on the work(s) submitted to MobiCom during the review. If you have posted or plan to post a non-anonymized version of your paper on a preprint server before the MobiCom decisions are made the submitted version must not refer to the non-anonymized version. MobiCom strongly discourages advertising the preprint on social media, personal web pages or in the press while under submission to MobiCom. Finally, any reviewer aware of the authorship of a specific submission, may not be allowed to review the paper, at the discretion of the PC chairs. 
  We will not review any paper that violates our double-blind policy.  
   
  Submissions will be kept confidential until accepted. Rejected submissions will be kept confidential permanently.  
   
   Conflict of Interest (CoI)  
 For a fair review process, program committee members who are COIs to any author of the submission will not review or participate in the discussion and decision-making of the submission. It is the author’s responsibility to mark COIs in the submission website.  
   
  We generally follow the ACM policy ( Conflict of Interest Policy for ACM Publications  ) and also add and extend rules on the specific relationships to explicitly define COIs of one submission at MobiCom ’23 as:  
  (1) any PC member who works/worked at the same organizational affiliation with any co-author in the last 24 months  or reasonably expected within the next 12 months  ;  
  (2) any PC member who has co-authored any book, article, report, abstract or paper with collaboration in the last 24 months or reasonably expected within the next 12 months;  
  (3) any PC member who has collaborated on projects, such as funded grants, research or others with any co-author in the last 24 months or reasonably expected within the next 12 months;  
  (4) any PC member who is/was the advisor or advisee of any co-author;  
  (5) any PC member who graduated from the same research group and/or was under the same advisor/supervisor/manager in the last 48 months;  
  (6) any PC member who is exposed to the full or partial authorship of the work being submitted here in any public or private channel (including but not limited to interview talks, campus visits, research discussion, conversations);  
  (7) any PC member who has a close personal friendship or business relationship beyond professional settings that could affect the review process with any co-author;  
  (8) others perceivable conflicts.  
   
  A potential COI must be identified at the submission and can be updated at any point during the review process, but when possible, potential conflicts should be determined before acceptance decisions are made.  
   
  The author(s) must identify every COI out of all PC members (including chairs) with any  author of the submission and indicate the type of conflict during the submission process. For other forms of conflicts (item 8), the authors must contact the program chairs and explain the perceived conflict.  
   
  Knowingly hiding or falsifying a stated COI, and knowingly and falsely asserting a COI — e.g., to prevent or alter peer-reviewing, to discourage appropriate reviewing, or to seek disadvantage of another — are both considered as a violation of this COI policy. We will return the violated submissions with no reviews.  
   
   Previous Submissions  
 In case of any similarity between a current submission and a submission that has been previously rejected at MobiCom or other relevant conferences within the last 12 months, the authors are requested to do the following in three cases: For a one-shot revision, please carefully follow the instructions on the notification. Along with the resubmission, the authors must report the major concerns and requested items from the reviewers of the previous submission and write a summary of how the authors have addressed them in the revision. Please ensure | your anonymity | is retained in this summary. 
  For submissions that have been recently rejected by MobiCom, it is | required | for the authors to do the same as in case 1. That is, please report the major concerns from the reviewers of the previous submission and write a summary of how the authors have addressed them in the current submission. Please ensure | your anonymity | is retained in this summary. 
  For submissions that have been previously rejected by a conference other than MobiCom (such as Mobisys, SIGCOMM, NSDI, SenSys, UbiComp, etc.), it is | strongly encouraged | , although not required, for the authors to do the same items as in case 2. That is, please report the major concerns from the reviewers of the previous submission and write a summary of how the authors have addressed them in the current submission. Please ensure your anonymity is retained in this summary. 
   
   Processes for Conditionally Accepted Papers  
  
  Anonymous and Rigorous Shepherding   
  Conditionally accepted papers will be shepherded through a review process by a TPC member. Based on the feedback written in the reviews, authors of shepherded papers will submit a revision of their paper to the shepherd. The shepherd will collaborate with the reviewers from TPC to review the revised paper and provide the authors with additional comments. Note that the shepherding process could last 4-6 weeks and the authors might be asked to produce new experimental results and/or add new material. When the shepherding process results in final acceptance, the authors will upload their camera-ready file to the submissions system.  
   
  Video Presentation   
  The authors of each accepted paper will be asked to submit a one-minute video to introduce the research presented in their paper to the general public. These videos will be placed on the conference website and conference YouTube channel up to two weeks before the conference. A selected set will be featured by the social media channels related to the conference.  
   
  Registration and Presentation   
  By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will register and attend the conference to present it.  

  Awards  
  
  All accepted regular  papers will be considered for the Best Paper Award  .  

  Contact Us  
  
  For questions, please contact the Program Co-Chairs, Landon Cox  and Haitham Hassanieh  , at mobicom23-pc-chairs@acm.org  .