Home 
  Attending | Venue 
  Visa Information 
  Program 
  Registration 
  Information for Authors 
  Information for Participants 
  Accommodation 
  Social Events | Welcome Reception 
  Conference Dinner 
  Calls | Papers 
  Workshops 
  Demos 
  Late-Breaking Work 
  Industrial Perspectives 
  Tutorials 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Panels 
  Student Volunteers 
  Accessibility 
  Committee 

 Welcome Message  
 MobileHCI conference brings together people from diverse areas and provides a multidisciplinary forum for academics, hardware and software developers, designers and practitioners to discuss the challenges and potential solutions for effective interaction with and through mobile devices, applications, and services. The conference welcomes contributions that promote the exchange of ideas and rational discourse between academics, researchers, and industries all over the world.  
   
  MobileHCI 2023 will be held in person (with hybrid participation) during September 26-29, 2023 in Athens, Greece.  
   
  Accepted papers are now in the Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (PACMHCI), archived in the ACM Digital Library.    
 Full Papers  | Adjunct Proceedings   
   
  We look forward to receiving your contributions and to welcoming you to Athens!  
   
  We are happy to announce that MobileHCI'23 will be co-located and ran in parallel with CHIGreece'23   , the biannual conference organised by the Greek ACM SIGCHI Chapter. We invite you to consider submitting to CHIGreece'23, whose proceedings are published in the ACM DL. Please note that separate registrations are required to attend the events.  
   
 Keynote Speakers  
 We are excited to announce the keynote speakers for MobileHCI'23!  
   
  Steve Benford  
 Colliding with Robots   

  Cosmin Munteanu  
 Voice Interfaces: Holy Grail or Pandora's Box?   

  Maria Roussou  
 The mobile as a probe for collocated sociality in cultural Contexts   

 Overview  
 Submitted papers will be peer-reviewed and evaluated based on originality, technical depth, research novelty, correctness, relevance to the conference, and readability. MobileHCI invites submissions for the following tracks:  
 Full Papers | are archival research publications presenting novel scientific contributions 
  Late-Breaking Works | are short papers presenting early-stage work 
  Workshops | are events to move the field forward and to build a community around an innovative topic 
  Tutorials | are in-depth presentations empowering attendees to learn new skills 
  Demos & Interactivity Prototypes | are innovative hands-on experiences for the community to discover 
  Panels | are discussions between experts with different perspectives on a topic important to the field of mobile interaction 
  Industrial Perspectives | are case studies by industry practitioners 
  Only for students:  
 Doctoral Consortium | is an event for graduate students to network and get feedback on their work 

  Conference Theme  
 The conference theme in 2023 is "Beyond morality: Ethics and action in MobileHCI". Ethics are our deliberate effort to find answers to the questions of identifying good actions and choices. Focusing on deliberate action, we'd like to encourage authors to bravely move from following inherited, learned or handed-down rules that define good actions and choices (e.g. from legislation, professional practice, tradition, cultural and social norms and customs, etc) and to reflect on how their work addresses design, implementation and implications from a normative ethics viewpoint, such as virtue-based, deontological or utilitarian - consequentialist approaches. We invite all authors to especially consider and discuss ethical aspects in their work, as part of their problem definitions, system design, experiment design, instrument and metric adoption and conclusions and generalisations of research findings. For more information on the theme, please click here  .  
 Financial Support for Attending Participants  
 If you are a participant who wants to attend MobileHCI 2023, and you need help funding your travel, you can apply for the Gary Marsden Travel Awards  .  

  News and Updates   
  
 [2023-09-23]  Program  updated for presentation order and remote presentations. 
 [2023-09-23]  Ways to still take part in the Acropolis VR Tour, a new opportunity to pilot an Airbus A320 or Formula 1 car, and weather updates now on the Venue  page! 
 [2023-09-16]  Important updates for all registrants are live on the site! Please check the Information for Authors  , Participants  , Program  and Welcome Reception  pages. 
 [2023-09-15]  The deadline for the Acropolis VR tour lottery has been extended to Sep. 20th! Details in the Sightseeing  section. 
 [2023-09-02]  40 places for the Acropolis VR tour will be awarded via lottery! Enter your name in the draw by Sep. 15th! Details in the Sightseeing  section. 
 [2023-08-30]  Please see the updated information on Transportation  and Accommodation  . 

  Important Dates  
  
 *All deadlines are AoE 
 Full Papers 
 Video Upload | August 10, 2023 
 Workshops 
 Accessible Post-TAPS PDF | August 10, 2023 
 Day of Workshops | September 26, 2023 
 Demos, Tutorials, Panels, and Industrial Perspectives 
 Camera-Ready | August 10, 2023 
 Video Upload | August 10, 2023 
 Late-Breaking Work 
 Camera-Ready | August 10, 2023 
 Video Upload | August 10, 2023 
 Doctoral Consortium 
 Camera-Ready | August 10, 2023 

  Tweets by ACMMobileHCI    

 MobileHCI 2023 Venue Teaser  
    
 MobileHCI 2023 Welcome Message  

  MobileHCI'23 is currently supported by:  

 Become a sponsor!   

 Find us on Twitter  and Facebook  . Made by MobileHCI 2023 Web Chair