Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The International Conference on Model-Based Software and Systems Engineering provides a platform for participants from all over the world to present research results and application experience in using model-based techniques for developing all sorts of systems. Model-based software engineering has emerged over many years as an approach for developing IT systems in which models take a central role, not only for the analysis of these systems but also for their construction. More recently, a similar approach has become increasingly widely used not only for software systems, but also for physical, cyber-physical and business systems. This model-based software and systems engineering approach relies on an increasingly rich ecosystem of techniques, languages and tools. MODELSWARD is an opportunity for researchers and practitioners alike to come together and discuss, moving this ecosystem forward.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Methodologies, Processes and Platforms   
  
  2  .  Applications and System Development   
  
  3  .  Modeling Languages, Tools and Architectures   

  Conference Chair    
 Edwin Seidewitz  ,  Model Driven Solutions, United States   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Francisco José Domínguez Mayo  ,  University of Seville, Spain   
  Luís Ferreira Pires  ,  Faculty of Electrical Engineering, University of Twente, Netherlands   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Sanford Friedenthal  ,  SAF Consulting, LLC, United States   
  Vadim Zaytsev  ,  University of Twente, Netherlands   
  Henderik A. Proper  ,  TU Wien, Vienna, Austria, Austria   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 In Collaboration with:   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC