Skip to main content    
  
 eBay Home | Shop by category   Shop by category | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Advanced |  
 Enter your search keyword | All Categories 
  
 Hi ( Sign in  to bid or buy) | Hi! Sign in  or register 
  Daily Deals 
  Help & Contact 
  Ship to     Loading...    Error: Try Again  Ok 
  Sell 
  Watchlist   Expand Watch List      Loading...   Sign in  to see your user information 
  My eBay   Expand My eBay  Summary 
  Recently Viewed 
  Bids/Offers 
  Watchlist 
  Purchase History 
  Buy Again 
  Selling 
  Saved Searches 
  Saved Sellers 
  Messages 
   Expand Cart      Loading...   Something went wrong. View cart for details. 
    
 {"delay":300}   

  Back to home page     
 |  Listed in category:    
 breadcrumb  
 Books, Movies & Music 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Textbooks 
  See more Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.: Mathem... 

 Share     

 Picture 1 of 1  

  Gallery   
         
 Picture 1 of 1  

 Mathematics of Program Construction: 13th International Conference, MPC 2 - GOOD   

  SecondSalecom   (3703632) 
    
 98.4% positive 
  Seller's other items   Seller's other items 
  Contact seller 

 US $66.02    
 Approximately   1,678,360.44 VND     

 Condition:    
 Good   Good       More information - About this item condition      

  Good   
      
 A book that has been read but is in good condition. Very minimal damage to the cover including scuff marks, but no holes or tears. The dust jacket for hard covers may not be included. Binding has minimal wear. The majority of pages are undamaged with minimal creasing or tearing, minimal pencil underlining of text, no highlighting of text, no writing in margins. No missing pages. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.    

 Buy It Now           Mathematics of Program Construction: 13th International Conference, MPC 2 - GOOD    Sign in to check out     Check out as guest 
  Add to cart 
  Add to watchlist 

 Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.  
 Refresh your browser window to try again.  
   
 Refresh Browser    

  Shipping:    

 Does not ship to Vietnam  .  See details for shipping      
 Located in: Montgomery, Illinois, United States    

 Delivery:    

 Varies    

 Returns:    

 30 days returns  .  Buyer pays for return shipping  .  See details - for more information about returns      

 Payments:    

               Diners Club       

 Shop with confidence   

 eBay Money Back Guarantee    
 Get the item you ordered or your money back.   Learn more eBay Money Back Guarantee - opens new window or tab      

 Report this item   Report this item - opens in new window or tab     

 About this item      
   
 Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.    

 eBay item number:  256473931406    

 Last updated on  Nov 22, 2024 08:56:21 PST  View all revisions View all revisions      

 Item specifics    

 Condition    
   
  Good: A book that has been read but is in good condition. Very minimal damage to the cover including ...   Read more about the condition      Good: A book that has been read but is in good condition. Very minimal damage to the cover including scuff marks, but no holes or tears. The dust jacket for hard covers may not be included. Binding has minimal wear. The majority of pages are undamaged with minimal creasing or tearing, minimal pencil underlining of text, no highlighting of text, no writing in margins. No missing pages. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.  See all condition definitions opens in a new window or tab        

 Brand    
   
  Unbranded    

 Book Title    
   
  Mathematics of Program Construction: 13th International Conferen    

 MPN    
   
  Does not apply    

 ISBN    
   
  9783030336356    

 Subject Area    
   
  Computers    

 Publication Name    
   
  Mathematics of Program Construction : 13th International Conference, MPC 2019, Porto, Portugal, October 7-9, 2019, Proceedings    

 Publisher    
   
  Springer International Publishing A&G    

 Item Length    
   
  9.3 in    

 Subject    
   
  Systems Architecture / General, Software Development & Engineering / General, Computer Science    

 Publication Year    
   
  2019    

 Series    
   
  Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.    

 Type    
   
  Textbook    

 Format    
   
  Trade Paperback    

 Language    
   
  English    

 Author    
   
  Graham Hutton    

 Item Weight    
   
  25.5 Oz    

 Item Width    
   
  6.1 in    

 Number of Pages    
   
  VIII, 467 Pages    

 About this product    

 Product Identifiers    

 Publisher    

 Springer International Publishing A&G    

 ISBN-10    

 3030336352    

 ISBN-13    

 9783030336356    

 eBay Product ID (ePID)    

 6038630804    

 Product Key Features    

 Number of Pages    

 VIII, 467 Pages    

 Language    

 English    

 Publication Name    

 Mathematics of Program Construction : 13th International Conference, MPC 2019, Porto, Portugal, October 7-9, 2019, Proceedings    

 Publication Year    

 2019    

 Subject    

 Systems Architecture / General, Software Development & Engineering / General, Computer Science    

 Type    

 Textbook    

 Author    

 Graham Hutton    

 Subject Area    

 Computers    

 Series    

 Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.    

 Format    

 Trade Paperback    

 Dimensions    

 Item Weight    

 25.5 Oz    

 Item Length    

 9.3 in    

 Item Width    

 6.1 in    

 Additional Product Features    

 Series Volume Number    

 11825    

 Number of Volumes    

 1 vol.    

 Illustrated    

 Yes    

 Synopsis    

 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Mathematics of Program Construction, MPC 2019, held in Porto, Portugal, in October 2019. The 15 revised full papers presented together with an invited paper were carefully reviewed and selected from 22 submissions. The papers deal with mathematical principles and techniques for constructing computer programs. They range from algorithmics to support for program construction in programming languages and systems. Some typical areas are type systems, program analysis and transformation, programming-language semantics, security, and program logics.    

 LC Classification Number    

 QA75.5-76.95    

 Item description from the seller   

 About this seller     

  SecondSalecom    
 98.4% positive feedback  •  27.8M  items sold   

 Joined Aug 2002     

 The lowest price on hundreds of thousands of used items!    The lowest price on hundreds of thousands of used items!      
 Visit store    Contact              Save seller     

 Popular categories from this store   
 See all categories      
   
 Books    CD    DVD & Blu-Ray    Video Games    Other      

 Detailed seller ratings   
 Average for the last 12 months    
 Accurate description    
  4.9    
 Reasonable shipping cost    
  5.0    
 Shipping speed    
  5.0    
 Communication    
  5.0    

 Seller feedback  (6,632,465)   
 s***d (231)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     This is an outstanding seller to deal with. Fair prices that are more than reasonable in this economy. The product is in better condition than described, a true value for my money. Packaged and shipped well shows seller has concern for the products he sells to arrive in excellent condition. The seller is friendly and communicates timely with his customers. I highly recommend this seller and would do business again anytime. Thank you.    What Happensjust Ma Bd Df-clo Blu-ray - Blu-ray - VERY GOOD (#276212586565) 
  y***e (1010)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     🏆 SUPER STAR🤩 AMAZING PHOTOS 🎯 ACCURATE DESCRIPTION ✏️ GENUINE PRODUCTS 💎 HIGH QUALITY 🍯 SUPER PRICES 💰 EASY TO WORK WITH 🍰 ECONOMY HANDLING ⏱️ FAST SHIPPING 🚀 BUBBLE PACKAGE 📦 ARRIVED WITHIN DAYS 🌎 EXCEPTIONAL COMMUNICATION 🎙️ OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE 🛎️ GREAT SENSE OF HUMOR 🍿 TOTAL ASSET TO THE EBAY-ECO SYSTEM 🥇 SAVED SELLER 🎱 PROMT REPLY FOR RETURNS 🎯 WOULD BUY FROM AGAIN 🧲 UNDER PROMISES OVER DELIVERS ⛳️ MADE ME VERY HAPPY 🌈 LEFT POSITIVE FEEDBACK 🌼 THANK YOU! 😇 AAAA              Planet Earth (Six-Disc Special Edition) - DVD - VERY GOOD (#254999902389) 
  y***o (25)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     This is an outstanding seller to deal with. Fair prices that are more than reasonable in this economy. The product is in better condition than described, a true value for my money. Packaged and shipped well shows seller has concern for the products he sells to arrive in excellent condition. The seller is friendly and communicates timely with his customers. I highly recommend this seller and would do business again anytime. Thank you.    HTML and CSS: Design and Build Websites - Paperback By Duckett, Jon - GOOD (#276423540754) 
  d***d (34)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     This book is fantastic! It is exactly as described and came at an excellent price. As far as I'm concerned, this is by far a first-rate, five-star seller that deserves everyone's business. The seller packaged the book with extreme care, shipped it quickly, and communicated effectively as needed throughout the process. This was an excellent buying experience on a well-priced book, and I wouldn't hesitate to buy from this seller again.    North American Steam Locomotive Builders and Their Insignia - Hardcover - GOOD (#266343503275) 
  s***t (558)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     This is outstanding seller to deal with. Fair prices that are more than reasonable. The product is in better condition than described, a true value for my money. Packaged and shipped well shows seller has concern for the products they sell and arrives in excellent condition. The seller is very friendly and communicates well with customers. I highly recommend this seller and would do business again anytime without hesitation.    Sooner Than You Think: A Prophetic Guide to the End Times - Paperback - GOOD (#274979975190) 
  o***o (840)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Outstanding seller. Fair prices that are more than reasonable.. The product is in better condition than described, a true value for my money. Packaged and shipped well shows seller has concern for the products sold to arrive in excellent condition. The seller communicated timely with progress. Highly recommend this seller & will do business again. Thank you!    First Theology: God, Scripture & Hermeneutics - Paperback - VERY GOOD (#266916481328) 
  v***n (230)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     This is an outstanding seller to deal with. Fair prices that are more than reasonable in this economy. The product is in better condition than described, a true value for my money. Packaged and shipped well shows seller has concern for the products he sells to arrive in excellent condition. The seller is friendly and communicates timely with his customers. I highly recommend this seller and would do business again anytime. Thank you.    The Christian Life Hymnal - Hardcover By Eric Wyse - GOOD (#276089575241) 
  8***d (65)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     A truly valuable book to me, in excellent condition, better than described, securely packaged, shipped quickly and at a bargain price. Excellent communication too; I always know when my item has been shipped and when it arrives. Leisure Arts has excellent instruction and clear photos; I was glad to find this. Thank you for an excellent transaction.    I Can't Believe I'm Knitting Socks (Leisure Arts #4083) - Paperback - GOOD (#255182858191) 
  See all feedback    

 Back to home page   |  See More Details about  "Lecture Notes in Computer Science Ser.: Mathematics of..."   Return to top     
 More to explore :   

 Mathematics Textbooks  , 
  Mathematics Nonfiction Paperbacks Books International Edition  , 
  Mathematics Textbook Textbooks  , 
  Mathematics Nonfiction Books in English Fiction & International Edition  , 
  Mathematics Textbooks in Spanish  , 
  Mathematics Books 1900-1949  , 
  Mathematics Study Study Guides Prep  , 
  Construction Textbooks  , 
  Mathematics Antiquarian & Collectible Books in Russian  , 
  Oxford University Press Mathematics Textbooks 

 Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Textbooks  
 Best Sellers  
 Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders DSM-5-TR by American Psychiatric Association (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code Handbook : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Hardcover) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2021 International Building Code by International Code Council (2020, Trade Paperback) 
    
 Top Rated  
 Real Anthony Fauci : Bill Gates, Big Pharma, and the Global War on Democracy and Public Health by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (2021, Hardcover) 
  Creature from Jekyll Island : A Second Look at the Federal Reserve by G. Edward Griffin (1994, Trade Paperback) 
  From Babylon to Timbuktu : A History of Ancient Black Races Including the Black Hebrews by Rudolph R. Windsor (1988, Trade Paperback) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2018 International Residential Code for One- and Two-Family Dwellings by International Code Council (2017, Trade Paperback) 
  Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 

 Related Searches  
 Computational Mathematics 
  Mathematics Programming 
  Engineering Mathematics 
  Concrete Mathematics 
  Mathematics Course 2 
  Mathematics Workbooks 
  Structure And Interpretation Of Computer Programs 
  Mathematical Methods For Physicists 
  Mathematical Software 
  Competition Math 
  Math Competitions 
  Construction Master Pro Calculator 
  Mathematical Proofs 
  Mathematics In Context 
  Textbooks For Computer Science 

 Additional site navigation  
  
 About eBay 
  Announcements 
  Community 
  Security Center 
  Seller Information Center 
  Policies 
  Affiliates 
  Help & Contact 
  Site Map 
 Copyright © 1995-2024 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility  , User Agreement  , Privacy  , Consumer Health Data  , Payments Terms of Use  , Cookies  , CA Privacy Notice  , Your Privacy Choices  and AdChoice |