37 th  International Conference  
  on Massive Storage Systems  
  and Technology (MSST 2023)  
  May 22 th  — 24 th  , 2023   
  
  Sponsored by Santa Clara University,  
  School of Engineering  
  
  Since the conference was founded, in 1974, by the leading national laboratories, MSST has been a venue for massive-scale storage system designers and implementers, storage architects, researchers, and vendors to share best practices and discuss building and securing the world's largest storage systems for high-performance computing, web-scale systems, and enterprises. | Hosted by  
  Santa Clara University   
  Santa Clara, CA 

  The beautiful Santa Clara University campus that we didn't see during MSST 2020!    
  
  MSST 2023 Tutorials—Birds of a Feather, Monday, May 22   
 7:30 — 8:15 Registration / Breakfast   
 8:15 — 9:45   
 Large Scale File/Storage System Indexing with the Grand Unified File Index ( Presentation  )   
 Jason Lee, Dominic Manno, Gary Grider, LANL   
 As filesystems become larger and larger, management of the data stored in these filesystems becomes more and more complex and time consuming. Querying filesystem metadata with standard tools can take hours or even days due to the sheer amount of metadata to be processed and how standard tools go about processing the metadata. Some filesystems provide custom tools that assist in querying their metadata, but there is no unified set of tools to do so. Additionally, such tools are usually reserved for administrators, not users. The Grand Unified File Index (GUFI) solves all these issues and more. GUFI provides a set of highly performant, parallel tools that allow for complex queries to be applied to the metadata of arbitrary filesystems. The GUFI toolset can be used by both administrators as well as users without violating permission semantics. Indices from disconnected filesystems can be combined, allowing for queries across multiple filesystems at once. This session will provide a high-level overview of GUFI as well as a tutorial on using GUFI.   
 9:45 — 10:00 Break   
 10:00 — 11:30   
 Cybersecure File Shares for Unstructured Data Including Multi-Level Security ( Presentation  )   
 Jonathan Halstuch, RackTop Systems   
 Data security is a top priority for organizations who need to protect sensitive information including research, intellectual property, PII, and health records from cyber threats. Organizations need solutions that can provide security, demonstrate continuous compliance, and sustain the operational pace of the organization. Organizations are turning towards a data-centric zero trust approach to secure their data.  
   
  Join this tutorial to understand and discuss: A data-centric zero trust approach to network attached storage 
  How and why to employ a multi-level security (MLS) solution with demonstration 
  Deployment options, performance, and use cases 
  Live implementation of a cyberstorage NAS 
  Demonstration of the system stopping a live cyberattack 
    
 11:30 — 12:30 Lunch   
 12:30 — 1:15   
 Scalable, High-Performance S3 Object Storage on Tape Media ( Presentation  )   
 Horst Schellong, Point Software and Systems   
 A software-defined S3 object storage supporting tape as storage class, combines the advantages of tape technology (low energy consumption, high capacity, media disruption, ...) with the functional possibilities of object-oriented data storage (scalability, availability, performance, security, ...). The mini-tutorial explains the architecture and technical benefits of this approach and the resulting use cases.   
 1:15 — 2:45   
 OpenZFS New Features Including Direct/IO and Compression/Erasure Offloads ( Presentation  )   
 Brian Atkinson, Jason Lee, LANL   
 Kelly Ursenbach, Eideticom   
 ZFS is an open source volume manager and file system that provides many built-in data integrity and data transformations features. We will discuss two projects that LANL has been working on, with industry partners, to improve overall ZFS performance with NVMe devices. The first project adds support for O_DIRECT in ZFS, reducing the number of memory copies that occur in the ZFS code path which, in turn, reduces memory bandwidth pressure. The ZFS Interface for Accelerators (Z.I.A.) project offloads CPU- and memory-bandwidth-intensive operations to local and remote computational storage devices.  
   
  We seek to get a sense of what operations ZFS users would like to see offloaded to computational storage devices other than the ones that have already been offloaded.   
 2:45 — 3:00 Break   
 3:00 — 4:30   
 Standards-Based Parallel Global File Systems and Automated Data Orchestration with NFS ( Presentation  )   
 David Flynn, Trond Mykelbust, Douglas Fallstrom, Hammerspace   
 High-performance computing applications, web-scale storage systems, and modern enterprises increasingly have the need for a data architecture that will unify at the edge, and in data centers, and clouds. These organizations with massive-scale data requirements need the performance of a parallel file system coupled with a standards-based solution that will be easy to deploy on machines with diverse security and build environments.  
   
  Join this tutorial to discuss: How to unify data created in different clusters and locations into a single namespace, and place locally to applications and compute for processing/AI. 
  Latest technologies available to deliver parallel file system performance from data sets stored in a hybrid cloud environment. 
  The latest in standards-based technologies available for data orchestration and storage at mass scale. 

   MSST 2023 Invited Track, Tuesday, May 23   
 7:30 — 8:30 Registration / Breakfast   
 8:30 — 9:30 CXL   
 CXL in Data Storage Applications ( Presentation  )   
 Siamak Tavallaei   
 Rethinking Byte-Accessibility of SSDs from a CXL-Attached Memory and Storage System ( Presentation  )   
 John Kim, Sk Hynix   
 9:30 — 10:15 Lustre/ Large Site Report   
 Lustre Metadata Writeback Caching ( Presentation  )   
 Oleg Drokin, Whamcloud   
 Storage and Data Management for Science at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN ( Presentation  )   
 Dr. Andreas-Joachim Peters, CERN IT Storage Group   
 10:15 — 10:45 Break   
 10:45 — 12:00 Storage Class Memory   
 Samsung’s CXL-Era Memory Expansion Devices with NAND Flash Media ( Presentation  )   
 Rekha Pitchumani, Samsung   
 Post Optane: What comes next for Storage Class Memory   
 Jongryool Kim, SK Hynix   
 Advanced Storage and Memory Hierarchy in AI and HPC with DAOS Storage ( Presentation  )   
 Andrey Kudryavtsev, Intel   
 12:00 — 1:00 Lunch   
 1:00 — 3:00 Computational Storage   
 Accelerated Disks and Flashes: LANL's early experience in Speeding Up Analytics Workloads  
  Using Smart Devices ( Presentation  )   
 Qing Zheng, LANL   
 NVME/Computational Storage Standards Update ( Presentation  )   
 Scott Shadley, Solidigm   
 Computational Storage Solutions Over Fabrics for ZFS ( Presentation  )   
 Kelly Ursenbach, Eideticom   
 Current and future SSD architectures for Computational Storage ( Presentation  )   
 Ramdas Kachare, Samsung   
 3:00 — 3:30 Break   
 3:30 — 5:00 Future Cloud   
 Hyperscale Perspectives on Storage ( Presentation  )   
 Ross Stenfort, Meta   
 Fifty Shades of S3: Navigating the Gray Areas of API Implementation ( Presentation  )   
 Gregory Touretsky, Seagate   
 The Case for NFS-eSSDs ( Presentation  )   
 David Flynn, Hammerspace   
  
   MSST 2023 Invited Track, Wednesday, May 24   
 7:30 — 8:30 Registration / Breakfast   
 8:30 — 9:30 Keynote   
 Data Impact on the Environment ( Presentation  )   
 Erik Riedel, Carnegie Mellon   
 9:30 — 10:00 Break   
 10:00 — 12:00 Inexpensive Large Capacity Storage   
 Some Questions Relating to Future Archive and Backup Systems ( Presentation  )   
 Bruce Montague, Veritas   
 Magnetic Tape Industry Roadmaps ( Presentation  )   
 Matt Ninesling, Spectra   
 Reducing Costs While Improving Sustainability with Modern Tape Storage ( Presentation  )   
 Brad Johns, Brad Johns Consulting   
 Experiences in Long Term Storage   
 Meghan McClelland, Versity   
 12:00 — 1:00 Lunch   
 1:00 — 3:00 Failure at Scale   
 What Ten Years of Drive Stats Data Can Tell Us ( Presentation  )   
 Andy Klein, Backblaze   
 Analysis and Design Considerations of Multi-level Erasure Coding in Hierarchical Data Centers ( Presentation  )   
 Meng Wang, University of Chicago   
 MarFS as a Multi-Level Erasure Archive ( Presentation  )   
 Garrett Ransom, LANL   
 Improving Data Reliability in Exascale Storage Clusters   
 Saurabh Kadekodi, Google   
 3:00 — 3:30 Wrap-Up   

 MSST 2023 Organizers 
 Conference Chair | Prof. Ahmed Amer, SCU 
 Program Committee | Gary Grider, John Bent, Alex Parga 
 Industry Co-Chairs | Alex Parga, Adam Manzanares 
 Registration Chair | Prof. Shiva Jahangiri, SCU 

 Page Updated January 12, 2024