26 th  MSWIM 2023     
 Call for Papers   
  MSWiM 2023 is the 26th Annual International Conference on Modeling, Analysis and Simulation of Wireless and Mobile Systems. MSWiM is an international forum dedicated to in-depth discussion of Wireless and Mobile systems, networks, algorithms and applications, with an emphasis on rigorous performance evaluation. MSWiM is a highly selective conference with a long track record of publishing innovative ideas and breakthroughs. MSWIM 2023 will be held in Montreal, Canada.   
 Authors are encouraged to submit full papers presenting new research related to the theory or practice of all aspects of modeling, analysis and simulation of mobile and wireless systems. Submitted papers must not have been published elsewhere nor currently be under review by another conference or journal.   
 Topics of Interest   
 Papers related to wireless and mobile network Modeling, Analysis, Design, and Simulation are solicited on, but not limited to, the following topics in mobile and wireless systems:   
 Performance evaluation and modeling 
  Analytical Models 
  Simulation languages and tools for wireless systems 
  Wireless measurements tools and experiences 
  Formal methods for analysis of wireless systems 
  Correctness, survivability and reliability evaluation 
  Mobility modeling and management 
  Models and protocols for cognitive radio networks 
  Models and protocols for autonomic, or self-* networks 
  Capacity, coverage and connectivity modeling and analysis 
  Wireless network algorithms and protocols 
  Software Defined Network 
  Services for Smart City 
  Wireless PANs, LANs 
  Ad hoc and MESH networks 
  Vehicular Ad-hoc Networks (VANET) 
  Sensor and actuator networks 
  Delay Tolerant Networks 
  Integration of wired and wireless systems 
  Pervasive computing and emerging models 
  Wireless multimedia systems 
  QoS provisioning in wireless and mobile networks 
  Security and privacy of mobile/wireless systems 
  Algorithms and protocols for energy efficient operation and power control 
  Mobile applications, system software and algorithms 
  RF channel modeling and analysis 
  Design methodologies 
  Tools, prototypes and testbeds 
  Parallel and distributed simulation of wireless systems 
  Wireless Communication and Mobile Networking 
  Operating systems for mobile computations 
  Programming language support for mobility 
  Resource management techniques 
  Management of mobile object systems 
  Mobile cloud/edge/fog computing 
  Mobile crowd-sourcing 
  Mobile computing and application 
  AI and Federated Learning models for wireless and mobile networks 
   
  Paper Submission and Publication   
  High-quality original papers are solicited. Papers must be unpublished and must not be submitted for publication elsewhere. All papers will be reviewed by Technical Program Committee members and other experts active in the field to ensure high quality and relevance to the conference. Short papers will be included in the technical program to complement mature results and foster discussion and exchange of novel ideas at an early stage. More detailed instructions for paper submission will be provided soon. Accepted papers will appear in the conference proceedings to be published by ACM Press.  
   
  Paper Registration Deadline: July 2nd, 2023  
  Paper Submission Deadline: June 21st, 2023  July 8th, 2023   
  Notification of Acceptance: August 15th, 2023  
  Camera Ready version due: September 5th, 2023