MSWiM'23 RISING STAR Award    

  The RISING STAR Researcher Award  
 The MSWIM main Conference has initiated the RISING STAR award in 2019 to be given each year to a YOUNG researcher at the early stage of his/her career (within the first 5 years of their academic career) in recognition of his/her exceptional scientific contributions to the field of wireless communication and networking, and mobile systems. The candidate must have a reasonable set of publications accepted MSWiM Conference. The selection committee is composed by the Steering Committee, as well as the MSWiM General and Technical Program Chairs of current year. The award is presented to the winner at the Conference Banquet for that specific year.  

  2022  
  Dr. Maram Bani Younes  
 for her uotstanding research contribution to traffic maangement for vvehicular networking and intelliigent transportation systems  .  
  Maram Bani Younes is currently an Assistant Professor with the Department of Computer Science, Philadelphia University, Amman, Jordan. Her research interests are wireless networks, wireless ad hoc and sensor networks, vehicular networks, and traffic efficiency for vehicular networks  

   Dr. Pau Arce Vila  
 for his outstanding research contributions to multimedia QoS, routingg on wireless ad hoc networks and performance evaluation of computer systemss  .  
  Pau Arce received his Telecommunications Engineering degree and the M.S. in Telematics from the Universidat Politècnica de València (UPV), Spain, in 2005 and 2007 respectively. In 2014 he obtained his PhD in Telecommunications from the UPV. Currently he is assistant professor and works as a researcher at the Institute of Telecommunications and Multimedia Applications (iTEAM). His research interests include multimedia QoS, routing on wireless ad hoc networks and performance evaluation of computer systems.  

  2021  
  Dr. Peng Sun  
 for his remarkable contributions to AI and flow prediction methods for intelligent vehicular networks  .  
  Dr. Sun is currently an assistant professor with Duke Kunshan University, China. He is a senior member of IEEE (SMIEEE) and the author of more than thirty peer-reviewed journal and conference papers. He services as an Editor for ACM International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS) Editorial Board. He also served as Technical Program Committee Co-chair/member in many top-tier conferences. He is the recipient of Best Paper Award at IEEE GLOBECOM in 2019.  

   Dr. Luis F. U. Aguiar  
 for his remarkable contribution to ad hoc networks focusing on routing protocols, security and applications  .  
  Luis Felipe Urquiza Aguiar (Member, IEEE) is currently with the Departamento de Electrónica, Telecomunicaciones y Redes de Información, Escuela Politécnica Nacional (EPN), Quito, Ecuador. He is a Coordinator of Grupo de Investigación en Redes Inalámbricas (GIRI), which was awarded among best research groups from EPN in 2019. He has authored more than 30 conference and journal publications on performance evaluation of ad-hoc wireless networks, vehicular networks, and 5G. His research interests include wireless networks, mathematical modeling, and the optimization of large-scale telecommunication problems. He is currently a Guest Editor of a special issue of the Ad hoc Networks journal on Modeling, Analysis, and Performance Evaluation of Wireless.  

  2020  
  Dr. Thomas Begin  
 for his remarkable contribution to performance evaluation for wireless networks  .  
  Dr. Thomas Begin is Maitre De Conference, University Claude Bernard Lyon 1, France. He received his HDR (Habilitation a Diriger des Recherches) Diploma in 2018. In his short but outstanding young career, Thomas has been able to design novel wireless networks protocols, while achieving a very good performance trade-off between accuracy and simplicity.  

   Dr. Pere Tuset-Peiro  
 for his remarkable contribution to the design. of low-power wireless networks  .  
  Dr. Pere Tuset-Peiro is an Assistant professor at the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya, Spain. He received his PhD in Network and Information Technologies from Universitat Oberta de Catalunya (UOC) in 2015. In 2014 he received the 2nd Best Demo Award at IEEE INFOCOM conference and the 2nd Best Demo Award at IEEE SENSORS conference in 2017 for his work on low-power wireless networks.  

  2019  
  Dr. Rodolfo W. L. Coutinho  
 for his outstanding contributions to Underwater Wireless Sensor Networks  .  
  Dr. Rodolfo W. L. Coutinho is an Assistant Professor at the Concordia University, Canada. He was formerly a research associate at the University of Ottawa. He received a joint Ph.D. degree in computer science in 2017 from the University of Ottawa, Canada, and the Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG), Brazil. He has received the 2018 Pierre Laberge Prize, for the Best Doctoral Thesis in the Science and Engineering at the University of Ottawa and the 2018 CAPES Award for the Best Thesis in the area of Computer Science in Brazil. He is also the recipient of the 2018 UFMG Best Thesis Award in Exact and Earth Science, and Engineering, the 2018 Best Thesis Award of the Brazilian Computer Society and the 2018 Best Thesis Award of the Brazilian Computer Networks and Distributed Systems Interest Group. He also received the Best Paper Award in IEEE GLOBECOM 2020 and IEEE MASCOTS 2014.