Skip to content    
     
 Toggle menu       
 Participation | Registration 
  Journey 
  Accommodation 
  Venue 
  Switzerland 
  Program | Program 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  CPUX-F Certification 
  Call for Papers | HCI – Scientific Track | Full Papers 
  Short Papers 
  Demos 
  Workshops Proposals 
  Tutorials 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Student Research Competition 
  UP – Practitioner Track 
  Anonymization Policy 
  Guidelines for Publication 
  Organizing Committee 
  Sponsoring 
  Deutsch 

 Mensch und Computer 2023, 3. – 6. September, at the OST Eastern Switzerland University of Applied Sciences Campus Rapperswil (SG) at the Zürichsee, Switzerland  

  m_HSR_Campus-33_korrigiert   

 Hafenansicht Rapperswil-Jona_RZST   

 m_HSR_Campus-27   

 Altstadt_Rapperswil_RZST   

 Zürichsee_Rapperswil_RZST   

 Holzsteg_Rapperswil2_RZST   

 Zuriseerundweg_RZST   

 Mensch und Computer 2023, 3. – 6. September, at the OST Eastern Switzerland University of Applied Sciences Campus Rapperswil (SG) at the Zürichsee, Switzerland  

 The “Mensch und Computer” (MuC)  conference, launched in 2001, is the largest conference series on human-computer interaction in Europe. MuC offers participants from science and industry a platform for contributions and discussions on innovative forms of interaction between people and digital technology, on human-centered development methods, interactive applications, and other topics in the field between users, teams and communities on the one hand and information and communication technologies used on the other hand. The aim of the conference is to discuss innovative research results, to promote the exchange of information between academia and practitioners, to stimulate research activities and training, and to sensitize science, practice, and the public to the relevance of human- and task-oriented technology design. Mainly English-language technical papers and their publication in the “ACM Digital Library” or Digital Library of the GI promote the worldwide visibility of the scientific results of MuC.  
 [1] dl.acm.org   
  [2] dl.gi.de    

 Program      

 Proceedings      

 Venue   
 Details about the conference location and available facilities.  
 More Venue Information   

 Journey   
 Information related to your trip to the conference.  
 More Journey Information   

 Switzerland   
 General information and tips for your stay in Switzerland.  
 More about Switzerland   

 Twitter     Linkedin     Instagram     Facebook       

 Mensch und Computer 2023, 3 – 6 September 2023 at the Eastern Switzerland University of Applied Sciences   

 Gold Sponsors:    

 Homepage   
  Imprint   
  Privacy Policy   

 Silver Sponsors:    

 Facebook   
  Instagram   
  Twitter   

 Bronze Sponsors and others:    

 Supporters:   
 We are looking for sponsors: Contact for inquiries markus.stolze@ost.ch   

 © 2024 Mensch und Computer 2023. Proudly powered by Sydney