Skip to content    
     
 Toggle menu       
 Participation | Registration 
  Journey 
  Accommodation 
  Venue 
  Switzerland 
  Program | Program 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  CPUX-F Certification 
  Call for Papers | HCI – Scientific Track | Full Papers 
  Short Papers 
  Demos 
  Workshops Proposals 
  Tutorials 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Student Research Competition 
  UP – Practitioner Track 
  Anonymization Policy 
  Guidelines for Publication 
  Organizing Committee 
  Sponsoring 
  Deutsch 

 Student Research Competition  

 The Student Research Competition is a forum for undergraduate and graduate students to showcase their research, exchange ideas, and improve their communication skills.  
   
 Important Dates   
 Submission deadline: | June 26, 2023  (18:00 CET) 
  Notification: July 17 | , 2023 
  Publication-ready deadline: August 05 | , 2023 
  Submission Details   
   
 Submission format: an abstract using | ACM Master Article Submission Templates | (single column, maximum of 4 pages excluding references), video (3-5min), proof of student status and – if accepted – poster (A0). Both poster and abstract submissions must meet SIGCHI | accessibility requirements | . 
  Submissions can be in German or English but should stay consistent for submission forms (pdf, video). 
  Student(s) must be enrolled in a university or college at the time of the initial submission deadline, not necessarily at the time of the conference. 
  Submission can be made by undergraduate or graduate (Masters) students. Prior research experience of the author(s) will be taken into account when reviewing the papers. 
  Students can submit a single or team project with one designated presenter. At least the designated presenter has to register to and attend the MUC 2023 conference. 
  Online submission: | Conftool 

 Note that supervisors are allowed as co-authors but one of the students need to present. Submission must *not* be anonymized   
 Selection Process   
   
 All submission will be reviewed and rated according to the presented:   
   
 Problem and motivation: 5 points 
  Background and related work: 5 points 
  Approach and uniqueness: 10 points 
  Results and contribution: 10 points 
  Total possible score: 30 points 
  Confidentiality of submissions is maintained during the review process. All rejected submissions will be kept confidential in perpetuity. Submissions should not contain sensitive, private, or proprietary information that cannot be disclosed at publication time.   
   
 Authors of all accepted submissions will receive instructions on how to submit the publication-ready copy of their abstract. Deadline and instructions regarding publication-ready submissions are emailed to accepted authors. This email will also contain instructions of how to notify the Student Research Competition and Accessibility Chairs of any necessary accommodations. Authors will also receive instructions by email about poster design for presentation at the conference. If the authors are unable to meet these requirements by the Publication-Ready deadline, the venue Chairs will be notified and may be required to remove the submission from the program.   
   
 Up to ten submissions in total will be chosen to participate in the competition at MUC 2023.   
 At the Conference   
   
 For accepted submission, one of the authors will give a presentation to selected judges and prepare a poster for the conference audience.   
   
 After the Conference   
   
 Accepted Student Research Competition abstracts will be distributed in the MUC Conference Extended Abstracts. They will be placed in the GI library where they will remain accessible to thousands of researchers and practitioners worldwide.   
 Prizes and Awards   
   
 Students whose SRC submission was accepted will be invited to the conference and get refunded for registration and transportation costs. Accommodation costs can be fully funded if SRC applicants additionally apply for an SV job (we have saved spots for SRC applicants).  The top three winners will be awarded during the closing plenary session of the MUC 2023 conference.   
 Preparing Your Student Research Competition Submission   
   
 A submission to the Student Research Competition should describe recently completed or ongoing student research in any of the topic areas covered by  MUC   . Submissions should be original work that is neither in submission elsewhere nor already published in MUC or another conference or journal. Abstracts should describe:   
 The research problem and motivation for the work 
  Background and related work 
  Novelty of the research 
  Research approach 
  Results 
  Contributions to the field of HCI 
  To participate in the Student Research Competition:   
 Submit an | extended abstract | to the Student Research Competition category via the | Conftool | : | The submission must be a maximum length of 4 pages. References are not included in this page limit. 
  The initial submission for this venue is *not* anonymized. Please include the name of the author(s) and the acknowledgment section as they will appear in the camera-ready version of the abstract. 
  Submit | video | describing and showing your project. The video should have a maximum of 5 min. (.mp4, .mov | 16:9) 
  Submit | proof of student status | , including a stamp of the university. This could be submitted by: | sending a note signed by your academic supervisor verifying your status, stating the name of university/college, whether you were a graduate (i.e., Masters) or undergraduate (i.e., Bachelor level) when the work was done, and confirming that you are either currently registered in an academic program full-time, or will return to be a student in the upcoming 180 days (starting submission deadline). 
  any form of official document from university (e.g., transcript of records, semester certificate, etc.) clearly showing that you were enrolled at the time of submission 
  If your SRC submission is accepted, you will be asked to prepare the following:   
 Prepare a presentation about your work. Details will be sent out in accordance with the acceptance letter. 
  Prepare a poster which you will present at the official poster presentation at MUC 2023. Posters might also include QR codes to link to online materials (e.g., scenario videos, interactive prototypes). The typical poster size recommended is A0, a maximum of ~39.3 inches tall by ~39.3 inches wide (or a maximum of 1 meter tall by 1 meter wide). We recommend designing posters in the landscape format because they can be shown on-screen without zooming-out as much as in the portrait format. | Posters should include (1) the title, authors’ names, and affiliations, (2) a concise overview of the research, (3) clear illustrations of key aspects of the work, and (4) a compelling visual design. 
  For guidance on how to create a research poster, see this | XRDS article by Lorrie Cranor | . 

 Nominees   
 SustainTourism – Experiencing Tourism From Home   
 Authors: | Myriam Bott, Sara Wolf 
  University: | Julius-Maximilians Universität (JMU) Würzburg, Germany 
  Exit Violence: Comparing Usability of Physical and Visual Alarm Buttons in SOS App in the Context of Domestic Violence   
 Authors: | Nabanita Sarkar, Konstantina Marra, Margarita Osipova 
  University: | Bauhaus-Universität Weimar, Germany 
  Haptic Journey: The integration of gesture-controls and mid-air haptic feedback into ticket machines to foster better hygiene in public spaces   
 Authors: | Julian Ambacher, Luci Fischer, Anand Bihari Gaurav, Maria Pietruschka, Leoni Spreng, Jasmin Wilkes, Theresa Zimmermann, Jakob Peintner, Andreas Riener 
  University: | THI, Germany 
  HapTech: Intelligent controls in public spaces through mid-air haptic interaction   
 Authors: | Emely Rosbach, Muhammad Muhammad, Larin Talabani-Durmus, Muhammed Maral, Carina Ziegler, Hannah Reuter, Alice Lell, Sabrina Hoffer, Jakob Peintner, | Andreas Riener 
  University: | Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt, Germany 
  Unleashing the Power of Wearable Technology: Enhancing Health and Adaptation for International Students in Transition to Germany   
 Authors: | Pankhuri Pankhuri, Nasim Aghamohammadian, Margarita Osipova 
  University: | Bauhaus University, Germany 
  Empowering Safety Technology for Women’s Solo Journeys: Insights from a Story Completion Study   
 Authors: | Hyesoo Jeon, Jule Sophie Ebeling, Margarita Osipova 
  University: | Bauhaus-Universität Weimar, Germany 
  Designing The Technology For Pet Owners’ Psychological Safety And Pet Physical Safety: identifying the challenges, needs and conceptualizing solutions for pet location tracking   
 Authors: | Daria Zhukova, Urszula Kulon 
  University: | Bauhaus University Weimar, Germany 
  Enhancing TODO-Comments by Applying Hole-Driven Development: A Case Study for C#  
 Author: | Bernhard Mayr 
  University: | LFU Innsbruck/FH Hagenberg, Austria 
  Exploring Initial Interactions: High School Students and Generative AI Chatbots for Relationship Development   
 Authors: | Hannah Zion Krullaars, Adinda Januardani, Lin Zhou, Eva Jonkers 
  University: | Delft University of Technology, Netherlands 

 Mensch und Computer 2023, 3 – 6 September 2023 at the Eastern Switzerland University of Applied Sciences   

 Gold Sponsors:    

 Homepage   
  Imprint   
  Privacy Policy   

 Silver Sponsors:    

 Facebook   
  Instagram   
  Twitter   

 Bronze Sponsors and others:    

 Supporters:   
 We are looking for sponsors: Contact for inquiries markus.stolze@ost.ch   

 © 2024 Mensch und Computer 2023. Proudly powered by Sydney