MVA2023   
 18th International Conference on Machine Vision Applications  
 July 23–25, 2023, Hamamatsu   

 Site Navigation  
 About  
 General Info 
  People 
  Program Committee 
  Partners 
   
 Submit  
 Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Accepted Papers 
  Challenge 
   
 Program  
 Timetable 
  Detailed Program 
  IAPR Invited Talks 
  Tutorials 
  For Presenters 
   
 Attend  
 For Participants 
  Participation guide 
  Registration 

 Call for Papers  
  
 18th International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  July 23–25, 2023, ACT CITY Hamamatsu  
 The Eighteenth International Conference on Machine Vision Applications will be held in Hamamatsu, Japan, from July 23 through 25, 2023. The conference is sponsored by the MVA Organization. This conference aims to bring together researchers and practitioners from both academia and industry and to stimulate the exchange of knowledge through intensive discussions on cutting-edge research topics listed below.  
  
 Important Dates  
  
 Paper submission deadline: | March 31, 2023 23:59 PST    
 April 14th, 2023    
 23:59 PST  [extended] 
 Notification: | June 13, 2023 
  
 The page limit is 4 pages, excluding references.   
 We are considering basically ask at least one author to present onsite except if there is a reason that he/she cannot travel or is sick.  
 The proceedings of MVA2023 will be published in IEICE Proceeding Series and submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements.  

 Topics  
 Main Topic: Machine Vision and its Applications   
 Sensing  Vision Sensors  Imaging  Shape from X  Calibration   Algorithms  Pattern Recognition  Deep Learning  Shape / Motion /Deformation Analysis  Large-Scale Data Analysis  Image Processing System Architecture   Applications  Factory Automation and Robotics  Intelligent Transport Systems and Autonomous Vehicles Surveillance  Human Analysis and Human-Computer Interaction  Life (Sports, Agriculture / Forestry / Fishery, Civil Engineering, Commerce, Fashion, Food, Home, etc.)     
  
 Committee  
 General Chairs  Kyoko Sudo  
  Toho University   Shunsuke Kudo  
  The University of Electro-Communications   Program Chairs  Ichiro Ide  
  Nagoya University   Wei-Ta Chu  
  National Cheng Kung University     
 Registration Policy  
 At least one of the authors of an accepted paper is required to register for the conference and must present the paper at the conference.  
  
 Awards  
 Presented papers will be considered for Best Paper Award, Best Practical Paper Award, and Best Poster Award. Previous award-winning papers are available at http://www.mva-org.jp/archives.php  .  

 Published on June 30th, 2023   

 © 2024 MVA Organizing Committee