The 18th IEEE International Symposium on Network Computing and Applications (NCA 2019)  
 26-28 September 2019  
  Cambridge, MA USA  

 Sponsored by:  
  IEEE Computer Society  
  Technical Committee on Distributed Processing    
  Patrons:   
   
  Akamai Technologies, Inc.    
   
  International Research Institute on  
  Autonomic Network Computing    

 Main Menu  
 Main Page 
  Call for Papers 
  Workshops 
  Organization 
  Venue and Location 
  Registration 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Conference Program 
   Important Dates  
 Title and Abstract Due | : | 7 July 2019 AOE (firm) 
  Manuscript Due | : | 7 July 2019 AOE (firm) 
  Author Notification | : | 18 August 2019 
  Camera Ready Papers | : | 25 August 2019 AOE 
  Author Registration | : | [click here] 
  Conference dates | : | 26-28 September 2019 
   
  AOE = Anywhere on Earth  
   
 Welcome to IEEE NCA 2019  
 The committee is proud to announce the NCA 2019, the International Symposium on Network Computing and Applications, to be held in Cambridge, MA, USA.  
 Announcements  
 The final version of the conference program has been posted online  . The presentation time for regular papers (talk + questions) will be 25 minutes, for short papers will be 15 minutes, and for work-in-progress papers it will be 10 minutes. 
  A short extension is given to the deadline for submission of work-in-progress papers. The submission site will remain open until | Sunday, September 8, 2019 (AOE) | , for WiP papers only. The author notification will be on September 14, 2019. 
  A preliminary version of the conference program has been posted | online | . Please make sure that you register to the conference at full-rate to cover the publication costs of your accepted paper. 
  The online registration link is now available in the Registration page  . 
  Authors that need a letter that attests that their paper has been accepted to the conference, in order to help them with their US visa application, should contact Aris Gkoulalas-Divanis (gkoulala@us.ibm.com). Please mention the paper-id and the name of author who will travel to the conference. 
  Easy Chair has been upadated to enable the upload of the camera-ready submission and the copyright transfer form for the papers accepted to the conference. Please use only these fields (and not the regular paper submission field!) for uploading the corresponding PDF documents. 
  Instructions for submitting the camera ready manuscripts can be found in the "Camera Ready Instructions" section of the website. 
  The paper notification deadline has been extended to Sunday, August 18, 2019. The camera-ready submission deadline has been extended to August 25, 2019 
  NEW TRACK: NCA 2019 is inviting papers presenting work in progress. | Prospective authors are invited to submit Work-in-Progress (WiP) papers related to all areas that are in scope of the NCA conference. These papers should summarize current work with emphasis on the research challenges involved, the approach followed and current results, as well as planned future work. WiP papers must be | at most 3 pages long | , formatted using the same guidelines as for regular papers. The papers will be reviewed (and the authors will be notified of the decision) within one week of submission, with a paper submission deadline of September 7, 2019 (AOE). Accepted WiP papers will be published in the conference poceedings and presented in a special session of the conference. Papers should be submitted through Easy Chair, following the same submission guidelines used for regular papers, and must have as subtitle the statement "(Work In Progress)". 
  The paper notification deadline has been extended to August 16, 2019. 
  After receiving many requests from authors, we have decided to leave the submission site open until this Wednesday, July 10, 2019 at 23:59 EST (New York/Boston time) for authors to finalize their submissions. In the meantime, the paper bidding and review process will be initiated. 
  The Title and Abstract submission deadline and the Manuscript submission deadline have been both extended to | July 7, 2019 (AOE) | . The author notification deadline has been moved accordingly. 
  The Title and Abstract submission deadline has been extended to | June 10, 2019 | . The Manuscript submission deadline has been extended to | June 17, 2019 | . 
  All deadlines related to paper submission, author notification and registration, are in AOE = Anywhere on Earth timezone. 
  All submitted manuscripts must conform to the | manuscript submission guidelines | . They must be formatted using the | IEEE 2-column conference proceedings template | . 
  The NCA 2019 | Call for Papers is available | . 
  About NCA  
 NCA is a successful series of conferences that serves as a large international forum for presenting and sharing recent research results and technological developments in the fields of Network and Cloud Computing. NCA, which is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, reaches out to both researchers and practitioners, and to both academia and industry. The conference features keynotes, technical presentations, and workshops.  
 All papers presented at the main conference and the workshops will be submitted to IEEE Xplore for publication and indexing.  
 Organization  
 Distinguished Chair: | Charles E. Leiserson | , MIT, CSAIL, Cambridge, MA. 
  Distinguished Chair: | Bruce M. Maggs | , Duke University, Durham, NC. 
  Steering Committee Chair: | Dimiter R. Avresky | , IRIANC, Boston/Munich, USA/Germany 
  Program Chair: | Aris Gkoulalas-Divanis | , IBM Watson Health - Boston, USA 
  Program Co-Chair: | Mirco Marchetti | , University of Modena, Italy 
  Program Co-Chair: | Dimiter. R. Avresky | , IRIANC, Boston/Munich, USA/Germany 
  General Chair: | Aris Gkoulalas-Divanis | , IBM Watson Health - Boston, USA 
  Financial Chair: | Mirco Marchetti | , University of Modena, Italy 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Distinguished Chairs can contact the Steering Committee Chair for any questions at : autonomic@irianc.com    
 For author-related questions please contact us at : gkoulala@us.ibm.com    
 Past Year's Technical Programs  
 NCA 2016 Technical Program 
  NCA 2015 Technical Program 
  NCA 2014 Technical Program 
  NCA 2013 Technical Program 
  NCA 2012 Technical Program 
  NCA 2011 Technical Program 
  NCA 2010 Technical Program 
  NCA 2009 Technical Program 
  NCA 2008 Technical Program 
  NCA 2007 Technical Program 
  NCA 2006 Technical Program 
  Previous Editions  
 2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2006-2015