Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   NeurIPS | Help/FAQ 
  Contact NeurIPS 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Journal To Conference Track 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Proceedings 
  Future Meetings 
  Press 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Privacy Policy 
  Downloads 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2023) | 2024 
  2023 
  2022 
  2021 
  2020 
  2019 
  2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2015 
  2014 
  2013 
  2012 
  2011 
  2010 
  2009 
  2008 
  2007 
  2006 
  Dates 
  Submit | Calls 2023 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper FAQ 
  Call for Datasets & Benchmarks 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshops 
  Workshop FAQ 
  Call for Ethical Reviewers 
  Call for Affinity Workshops and Socials 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for Expo 
  Call for Creative AI 
  Call for Education Proposals 
  Author Resources 
  Poster Information 
  Reviewer Resources 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  AC Guidelines 
  SAC Guidelines 
  Datasets and Benchmarks Review Guidelines 
  Ethics Guidelines for Reviewers 
  Attend | Code of Conduct 
  Register 
  Visa Information 
  Hotels 
  Child Care 
  Visiting New Orleans 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Main Program Committee 
  NeurIPS Board 
  NeurIPS Foundation 
  Conference Site 

  NeurIPS 2023  
   
 Conference Dates: (In person) December 10 - December 16   
 Homepage: https://neurips.cc/Conferences/2023/    
 Call For Papers  
 Abstract submission deadline: May 11, 2023   
 Full paper submission (all authors must have an OpenReview profile when submitting) deadline: May 17, 2023   
 Supplemental material submission deadline: May 24, 2023   
 Author notification: Sep 21, 2023   
 Camera-ready, poster, and video submission: to be announced   
 Submit at:  https://openreview.net/group?id=NeurIPS.cc/2023/Conference    
 The site will start accepting submissions on April 19, 2023  .  
 Subscribe to these and other dates on the 2023 dates page  .  
 The Thirty-Seventh Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2023) is an interdisciplinary conference that brings together researchers in machine learning, neuroscience, statistics, optimization, computer vision, natural language processing, life sciences, natural sciences, social sciences, and other adjacent fields. We invite submissions presenting new and original research on topics including but not limited to the following:  
 Applications (e.g., vision, language, speech and audio) 
  Deep learning (e.g., architectures, generative models, optimization for deep networks) 
  Evaluation (e.g., methodology, meta studies, replicability and validity) 
  General machine learning (supervised, unsupervised, online, active, etc.) 
  Infrastructure (e.g., libraries, improved implementation and scalability, distributed solutions) 
  Machine learning for sciences (e.g. climate, health, life sciences, physics, social sciences) 
  Neuroscience and cognitive science (e.g., neural coding, brain-computer interfaces) 
  Optimization (e.g., convex and non-convex, stochastic, robust) 
  Probabilistic methods (e.g., variational inference, causal inference, Gaussian processes) 
  Reinforcement learning (e.g., decision and control, planning, hierarchical RL, robotics) 
  Social and economic aspects of machine learning (e.g., fairness, interpretability, human-AI interaction, privacy, safety, strategic behavior) 
  Theory (e.g., control theory, learning theory, algorithmic game theory) 
  Machine learning is a rapidly evolving field, and so we welcome interdisciplinary submissions that do not fit neatly into existing categories.  
 Authors are asked to confirm that their submissions accord with the       NeurIPS code of conduct        .        
 Formatting instructions:       All submissions must be in PDF format. Submissions are limited to nine content pages, including all figures and tables; additional pages containing references are allowed. You must format your submission using the       NeurIPS 2023 LaTeX style file           which includes a “preprint” option for non-anonymous preprints posted online. The maximum file size for submissions is 50MB. Submissions that violate the NeurIPS style (e.g., by decreasing margins or font sizes) or page limits may be rejected without further review. If your submission is accepted, you will be allowed an additional content page for the camera-ready version. Papers may be rejected without consideration of their merits if they fail to meet the submission requirements, as described in this document.        
 Use of Large Language Models (LLMs):  We welcome authors to use any tool that is suitable for preparing high-quality papers and research. However, we ask authors to keep in mind two important criteria. First, we expect papers to fully describe their methodology, and any tool that is important to that methodology, including the use of LLMs, should be described also. For example, authors should mention tools (including LLMs) that were used for data processing or filtering, visualization, facilitating or running experiments, and proving theorems. It may also be advisable to describe the use of LLMs in implementing the method (if this corresponds to an important, original, or non-standard component of the approach). Second, authors are responsible for the entire content of the paper, including all text and figures, so while authors are welcome to use any tool they wish for writing the paper, they must ensure that all text is correct and original.  
 Double-blind reviewing:       All submissions must be anonymized and may not contain any identifying information that may violate the double-blind reviewing policy. This policy applies to any supplementary or linked material as well, including code. If you are including links to any external material, it is your responsibility to guarantee anonymous browsing. Please do not include acknowledgements at submission time. If you need to cite one of your own papers, you should do so with adequate anonymization to preserve double-blind reviewing. For instance, write “In the previous work of Smith et al. [1]…” rather than “In our previous work [1]...”). If you need to cite one of your own papers that is in submission to NeurIPS and not available as a non-anonymous preprint, then include a copy of the cited anonymized submission in the supplementary material and write “Anonymous et al. [1] concurrently show...”).        
  OpenReview:    We are using OpenReview to manage submissions. The reviews and author responses will not be public initially (but may be made public later, see below). As in previous years, submissions under review will be visible only to their assigned program committee. We will not be soliciting comments from the general public during the reviewing process. Anyone who plans to submit a paper as an author or a co-author will need to create (or update) their OpenReview profile by the full paper submission deadline. Your OpenReview profile can be edited by logging in and clicking on your name in https://openreview.net/  . This takes you to a URL "https://openreview.net/profile?id=~[Firstname]_[Lastname][n]" where the last part is your profile name, e.g., ~Wei_Zhang1. The OpenReview profiles must be up to date, with all publications by the authors, and their current affiliations. The easiest way to import publications is through DBLP but it is not required, see FAQ  . Submissions without updated OpenReview profiles will be desk rejected. The information entered in the profile is critical for ensuring that       conflicts of interest        and reviewer matching are handled properly. Because of the rapid growth of NeurIPS, we request that all authors help with reviewing papers, if asked to do so. We need everyone’s help in maintaining the high scientific quality of NeurIPS.        
 Abstract Submission:       There is a mandatory abstract submission deadline on May 11, 2023 01:00 PM PDT, six days before full paper submissions are due. While it will be possible to edit the title and abstract until the full paper submission deadline, submissions with “placeholder” abstracts that are rewritten for the full submission risk being removed without consideration. This includes titles and abstracts that either provide little or no semantic information (e.g., "We provide a new semi-supervised learning method.") or describe a substantively different claimed contribution. The author list cannot be changed after the abstract deadline. After that, authors may be reordered, but any additions or removals must be justified in writing and approved on a case-by-case basis by the program chairs only in exceptional circumstances.        
 Supplementary material:       Authors may submit up to 100MB of supplementary material, such as appendices, proofs, derivations, data, or source code; all supplementary materials must be in PDF or ZIP format. Supplementary material should be material created by the authors that directly supports the submission content. Like submissions, supplementary material must be anonymized. Looking at supplementary material is at the discretion of the reviewers. The deadline for supplementary material is one week after the main paper.        
 We encourage authors to upload their code and data as part of their supplementary material in order to help reviewers assess the quality of the work. Check       the policy        as well as code submission       guidelines and templates        for further details.        
 Ethics review:       Reviewers and ACs may flag submissions for       ethics review        . Flagged submissions will be sent to an ethics review committee for comments. Comments from ethics reviewers will be considered by the primary reviewers and AC as part of their deliberation. They will also be visible to authors, who will have an opportunity to respond. Ethics reviewers do not have the authority to reject papers, but in extreme cases papers may be rejected by the program chairs on ethical grounds, regardless of scientific quality or contribution.              
 Paper checklist:       In order to improve the rigor and transparency of research submitted to and published at NeurIPS, authors are required to complete a       paper checklist        . The paper checklist is intended to help authors reflect on a wide variety of issues relating to responsible machine learning research, including reproducibility, transparency, research ethics, and societal impact. The checklist does not count towards the page limit and will be entered in OpenReview.        
 Preprints:       The existence of non-anonymous preprints (on arXiv or other online repositories, personal websites, social media) will not result in rejection. If you choose to use the NeurIPS style for the preprint version, you must use the “preprint” option rather than the “final” option. Reviewers will be instructed not to actively look for such preprints, but encountering them will not constitute a conflict of interest. Authors may submit anonymized work to NeurIPS that is already available as a preprint (e.g., on arXiv) without citing it. Note that public versions of the submission should not say       "Under review at NeurIPS" or similar.         
 Dual submissions:       Submissions that are substantially similar to papers that the authors have previously published or submitted in parallel to other peer-reviewed venues with proceedings or journals may not be submitted to NeurIPS. Papers previously presented at workshops are permitted, so long as they did not appear in a conference proceedings (e.g., CVPRW proceedings), a journal or a book. NeurIPS coordinates with other conferences to identify dual submissions. The NeurIPS policy on dual submissions applies for the entire duration of the reviewing process. Slicing contributions too thinly is discouraged. The reviewing process will treat any other submission by an overlapping set of authors as prior work. If publishing one would render the other too incremental, both may be rejected.        
 Author responses:       Authors will have one week to view and respond to initial reviews. Author responses may not contain any identifying information that may violate the double-blind reviewing policy. Authors may not submit revisions of their paper or supplemental material, but may post their responses as a discussion in OpenReview. This is to reduce the burden on authors to have to revise their paper in a rush during the short rebuttal period.        
 After the initial response period, authors will be able to respond to any further reviewer/AC questions and comments by posting on the submission’s forum page. The program chairs reserve the right to solicit additional reviews after the initial author response period. These reviews will become visible to the authors as they are added to OpenReview, and authors will have a chance to respond to them.        
 After the notification deadline, accepted and opted-in rejected papers will be made public and open for non-anonymous public commenting. Their anonymous reviews, meta-reviews, author responses and reviewer responses will also be made public. Authors of rejected papers will have two weeks after the notification deadline to opt in to make their deanonymized rejected papers public in OpenReview. These papers are not counted as NeurIPS publications and will be shown as rejected in OpenReview.        
 Publication of accepted submissions:       Reviews, meta-reviews, and any discussion with the authors will be made public for accepted papers (but reviewer, area chair, and senior area chair identities will remain anonymous). Camera-ready papers will be due in advance of the conference. All camera-ready papers must include a       funding disclosure        . We strongly encourage accompanying code and data to be submitted with accepted papers when appropriate, as per the       code submission policy        . Authors will be allowed to make minor changes for a short period of time after the conference.        
 Contemporaneous Work:       For the purpose of the reviewing process, papers that appeared online within two months of a submission will generally be considered "contemporaneous" in the sense that the submission will not be rejected on the basis of the comparison to contemporaneous work. Authors are still expected to cite and discuss contemporaneous work and perform empirical comparisons to the degree feasible. Any paper that influenced the submission is considered prior work and must be cited and discussed as such. Submissions that are very similar to contemporaneous work will undergo additional scrutiny to prevent cases of plagiarism and missing credit to prior work.        
 Plagiarism       is prohibited by the NeurIPS       Code of Conduct        .        
 Other Tracks:    Similarly to earlier years, we will host multiple tracks, such as       Datasets and Benchmarks  , Competitions  , tutorials as well as workshops, in addition to the main track for which this call for papers is intended. See the       conference homepage        for updates and calls for participation in these tracks.        
 Experiments:       As in past years, the program chairs will be measuring the quality and effectiveness of the review process via randomized controlled experiments. All experiments are independently reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board (IRB).        
 Financial        Aid        :        Each paper may designate up to one (1) NeurIPS.cc account email address of a corresponding student author who confirms that they would need the support to attend the conference, and agrees to volunteer if they get selected. To be considered for Financial the student will also need to fill out the Financial Aid application when it becomes available.        
  
 Amir Globerson, Moritz Hardt, Sergey Levine, Kate Saenko  
  NeurIPS 2023 Program Chairs  
 Tristan Naumann and Alice Oh  
  NeurIPS 2023 General Chairs  

 Successful Page Load   
   
 NeurIPS uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal information. Our Privacy Policy » | Accept Cookies 

 The NeurIPS Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  

 Contact  
  1269 Law St, San Diego CA 92109  
  Email