Aarhus University logo  
   Find    

 Submit | Research Papers 
  Critiques 
  Late-Breaking Work 
  Workshops 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Panels 
  Tutorials 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Preparing your camera-ready submission 
  Conference program | Main program 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Practical information | Venue and accommodation 
  Hybrid info 
  Corona information for Denmark 
  Register 
  Organizers 

 NordiCHI 2022    

  Views    

 NordiCHI 2022 presentation  Associate Professor Clemens Nylandsted Klokmose and Associate Professor Eve Hoggan present the NordiCHI 2022 in Aarhus.    

 MESSAGE TO ALL IN PERSON PARTICIPANTS  
   
 Due to the current energy supply crisis, Aarhus University has lowered the indoor temperature to 19C  .  
  Please remember to bring suitable clothing to keep warm.  
   
 Participative computing for sustainable futures  
   
 NordiCHI 2022 in Aarhus will continue the NordiCHI tradition of being an international-level venue for dissemination and development of Human-Computer Interaction research in the broadest sense. The conference will be held in Aarhus, Denmark on October 8-12 2022. This website will be updated with more detailed information as the conference approaches.  
 NordiCHI 2022 in Aarhus will highlight the Nordic traditions for bringing research into societal context through the choice of keynote speakers, panels and other invited sessions; and through outreach to public sector, industrial, civil society and cultural actors.  
 Human-computer interaction is in constant development. Today, context is taken for granted in computing as the technologies are not understood in isolation. Furthermore, the role of interactive technologies in shaping a sustainable future will become even more emphatic in coming years. HCI has a responsibility for providing tools for actions against climate change, but also for the development of the welfare state, wellbeing etc. Aarhus University is committed to these challenges through its strategy for 2020-2025.  
 Participatory design has grown out of Nordic research, together with the trade unions emphasising workers’ rights to codetermination and control over professional quality. While participation has become a widespread method in design, it still denotes a shift to understand users as active participants taking control, rather than users as system components. When people participate actively, they are not merely users: they are workers, citizens, artists, students, tenants, etc.  
 NordiCHI 2022 in Aarhus promotes sustainable futures by celebrating active participation in the development and use of interactive technologies.  

 NordiCHI 2022 sponsors  

 Sign up    
   
 NOTE: If you have any special accessibility needs, or if you require a visa letter to travel to the conference, please send an email to the chairs: chairs@nordichi2022.org   

 Dates    
   
 Pre-conference: 8 - 9 October 2022 
  Conference: 10 - 12 October 2022 

 Venue    
   
 Pre-conference  : Finlandslagede 21-23, 8200 Aarhus N  
 Conference  : Nordre Ringgade 4, 8000 Aarhus C  

 Organizing committee    
   
 Conference chairs  
 Eve Hoggan | , Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, Aarhus University 
  Clemens Nylandsted Klokmose | , Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, Aarhus University 
  Programme co-chairs  
 Susanne Bødker | , Professor, Department of Computer Science Aarhus University 
  Mark Dunlop | , Senior Lecturer, Computer and Information Sciences, Unversity of Strathclyde, Glasglow 
  Hans Gellersen | , Professor, School of Computing and Communications, Lancaster University 
  Irina Shklovski | , Professor, Department of Computer Science University of Copenhagen 

 Conference proceedings    
   
 You can now access the conference proceedings on the ACM Digital Library:  
 Main proceedings | (papers and critiques) 
  Adjunct proceedings | (workshops, tutorials, demos, and late-breaking work) 

 Revised 24.10.2024   
 - Marianne Dammand Iversen    

 Aarhus University  
   
 About Aarhus University 
  Building map Aarhus University 

 Transport  
   
 Getting to Aarhus 
  Getting around in Aarhus 

 Hotels  
   
 Aarhus 
  Copenhagen 

 Practical information  
   
 Practical information 
  Wireless network 
    
 Spare time?  
   
 About Aarhus 
  Visit Aarhus | (national tourist agency) 

 Useful apps  
   
 AU Find App 
  Visit Aarhus Apps 

 ©  — Cookies at au.dk   
  Privacy Policy   
  Accessibility Statement   

 19741 / i43