Skip to content           
   
 Organizers 

 Nordic Conference on Human-Computer Interaction  
 NordiCHI 2026  

     
 Time  
 October   3-7, 2026    

     
 Place  
 Vaasa, Finland  

     
 Contact  
 nordichi2026@uwasa.fi  

 Welcome to NordiCHI 2026: Pulse – exploring the energy that drives us  
 We invite you to join us in Vaasa, Finland, 3-7 October 2026 for NordiCHI 2026, an international conference bringing together the Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) community. NordiCHI 2026 offers a platform to engage in state-of-the-art discussions that propel HCI forward.   
 Our conference theme,  Pulse – exploring the energy that drives us   , represents the dynamic highs and calm lows of life, keeping us thriving. Vaasa is known for both its vibrant energy industry as the Nordic energy cluster and the tranquility of its surrounding nature and UNESCO World Heritage site. Thus, it serves as the perfect backdrop for exploring the elements of life in the coming ages of HCI.    
 Our program will include sessions that reflect a wide range of perspectives—from theoretical and practical insights to creative explorations. We invite you to participate in insightful panels, dynamic workshops and tutorials, and demonstrations that highlight innovative research and applications in HCI.   
 The program will feature engaging sessions, including arts-based approaches that integrate creative expression with HCI research, informal coffee-table discussions for reflection and idea exchange, and industry sessions that connect practitioners with researchers to share practical insights. These sessions, along with thought-provoking critiques and poster presentations showing the late-breaking work, provide ample opportunities for collaboration and engagement.    
 We look forward to welcoming you to Vaasa and to a conference experience that is as intellectually stimulating as it is socially enriching!   

 Hosting institutions  

 Back to top       
 Personnel search  | Contact information  | About the website  | Data protection   
 © University of Vaasa 2024