Skip to main content    
       
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 

 Journals 
  Books 
  SIAM Engage 
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 
   
 SIAM News 
  Activity Groups 
  Prizes & Awards 
  Log In 
   
 Publications | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Journals | SIAM Review 
  Multiscale Modeling and Simulation: A SIAM Interdisciplinary Journal 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Algebra and Geometry 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Dynamical Systems 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Computing 
  SIAM Journal on Control and Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Financial Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematics of Data Science 
  SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications 
  SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing 
  SIAM / ASA Journal on Uncertainty Quantification 
  Theory of Probability and Its Applications 
  SIAM Undergraduate Research Online 
  SIAM Books  Our textbooks and monographs are indispensable to researchers, faculty, and students around the world.  SIAM Books 
  SIAM News  The newsjournal of SIAM, covering cutting-edge research and the state of the art in applied mathematics and computational science.  SIAM News 
  Reports 
  Proceedings 
  Subscriptions & Ordering 
  Programs & Initiatives | Toggle sub-menu | Programs | Gene Golub SIAM Summer School 
  Visiting Lecturer Program 
  MathWorks Math Modeling (M3) Challenge 
  SIAM-Simons Undergraduate Summer Research Program 
  SIAM Science Policy Fellowship 
  MGB-SIAM Early Career Fellowship 
  SIAM Postdoctoral Support Program 
  Graduate Student Mathematical Modeling Camp and Mathematical Problems in Industry Workshop 
  See All Programs 
  Professional Development | Careers in Applied Mathematics 
  Career Resources 
  Job Board 
  Internships 
  Prizes and Awards | Deadline Calendar 
  SIAM Fellows Program 
  Policy & Procedures 
  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair!  Happening in person March 4, 2025 during CSE25.  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair! 
  Industry 
  Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion 
  Education Resources 
  Science Policy 
  Conferences & Events | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Conferences | More Events by Type 
  Section Meetings 
  Webinars & Seminars 
  Workshops 
  Career Fairs 
  Cooperating Conferences 
  Archive 
  See all Events 
  Conference Support | Travel & Registration Support 
  Child Care Grants 
  About SIAM Conferences & Events | For Sponsors & Exhibitors 
  Conference Guidelines 
  Featured Videos & Lectures 
  Submit Now for SIAM AN25!  The Third Joint SIAM/CAIMS Annual Meetings is happening July 28 - August 1, 2025 in Montréal, Québec, Canada.  Submit Now for SIAM AN25! 
  Membership | Toggle sub-menu | Individual Membership | Join 14,000 applied mathematicians and computational and data scientists from around the world. 
  Learn More 
  Institutional Membership | Create a custom subscription of four or more journals and your institution can become a free SIAM academic member, receiving up to a 27.5% discount on journal list prices. 
  Learn More 
  Member Support & FAQ | Questions about our membership types, benefits, how to automatically renew, or something else? 
  Get Your Questions Answered 
  Get Involved | Toggle sub-menu | Connect with a Community | Activity Groups 
  Sections 
  Student Chapters 
  SIAM Engage Online Community 
  Ways to Participate | Serve on Committees 
  Become an Author, Editor, or Referee 
  Nominate for Prizes 
  Network and Present at a Conference 
  Write for SIAM News 
  Ways to Support | Donate to SIAM 
  Spread the Word 
  Become a Sponsor 
  About Us | Toggle sub-menu | Overview 
  Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Bylaws & Reports 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Join SIAM 
  Contact Us 

 Back to top     
   
 Home 
  Conferences & Events 
  Past Event Archive 
  SDM23 

 In Person   
 SIAM Conferences   
   
 SIAM International Conference on Data Mining (SDM23)  
 View Program  View Speaker List    
   
 Event Details  
 April 27 –  29 , 2023 
  Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S. 

 About the Conference  
 This conference is sponsored by the SIAM Activity Group on Data Science  .   
 Data mining is the computational process for discovering valuable knowledge from data – the core of Data Science. It has enormous application in numerous fields, including science, engineering, healthcare, business, and medicine. Typical datasets in these fields are large, complex, and often noisy. Extracting knowledge from these datasets requires the use of sophisticated, high-performance, and principled analysis techniques and algorithms, which are based on sound theoretical and statistical foundations. These techniques in turn require implementations on high performance computational infrastructure that are carefully tuned for performance. Powerful visualization technologies along with effective user interfaces are also essential to make data mining tools appealing to researchers, analysts, data scientists and application developers from different disciplines, as well as usable by stakeholders.  
 The SDM conference provides a venue for researchers who are addressing these problems to present their work in a peer-reviewed forum. It also provides an ideal setting for graduate students to network and get feedback for their work (as part of the doctoral forum). Everyone new to the field can also learn about cutting-edge research by hearing outstanding invited speakers and attending presentations and tutorials (included with conference registration). A set of focused workshops is also held on the last day of the conference. The proceedings of the conference are published in archival form and are also made available online.  
 General Co-chairs  
 Shashi Shekhar  , University of Minnesota, U.S  
  Zhi-Hua Zhou  , Nanjing University, China  
 Program Co-chairs  
 Yao-Yi Chiang  , University of Minnesota, U.S  
  Gregor Stiglic  , University of Maribor, Slovenia  
 Steering Committee Chair  
 Zoran Obradovic  , Temple University, U.S.  
 Awards Chair  
 Hanghang Tong  , University of Illinois Urbana Champaign, U.S.  
 Blue Sky Ideas Track Chair  
 Nitesh Chawla  , University of Notre Dame, U.S.  
 Doctoral Forum Chairs  
 Liyue Fan  , University of North Carolina, Charlotte, U.S.  
  Miao Xu  , Queensland University, Australia  
 Local Chair  
 Ju Sun  , University of Minnesota, U.S.  
 Panels Chair  
 Jaideep Srivastava  , University of Minnesota, U.S.  
 Proceedings Co-Chairs  
 Jina Kim  , University of Minnesota, U.S.  
  Primoz Kocbek  , University of Maribor, Slovenia  
 Publicity Co-Chairs  
 Arianna Dagliati  , University of Pavia, Italy  
  Yao-Xiang Ding  , Zhejiang University, China  
  Zhe Jiang  , University of Florida, U.S.  
 Tutorials Co-chairs  
 Sheng Li  , University of Virginia, U.S.  
  Han-Jia Ye  , Nanjing University, China  
 Workshop Co-chairs  
 Jelena Gligorijevic  , Yahoo Research, U.S.  
  Ping Zhang  , The Ohio State University, U.S.  
 Steering Committee  
 Chid Apte  , IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, U.S.  
  Christos Faloutsos  , Carnegie Mellon University, U.S.  
  Joydeep Ghosh  , The University of Texas at Austin, U.S.  
  Jiawei Han  , University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, U.S.  
  Chandrika Kamath  , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, U.S.  
  Vipin Kumar  , University of Minnesota, U.S.  
  Haesun Park  , Georgia Institute of Technology, U.S.  
  Srinivasan Parthasarathy  , Ohio State University, U.S.  
  Qiang Yang  , Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, U.S.  
  Philip Yu  , University of Illinois at Chicago, U.S.  
 Senior Program Committee  
 View a list of the Senior Program Committee members here  .  
 Program Committee  
 View a list of the Program Committee members here  .  
 Funding Agency  
 SIAM and the Organizing Committee wish to extend their thanks and appreciation to the DOE Office of Advanced Scientific Computing Research  for their support.  
 Learn More   

 Thank you to our sponsors  

   3600 Market Street  6th Floor  Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA   Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  LinkedIn 

 About SIAM | Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Code of Conduct 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Jobs at SIAM 
  Contact Us 
  Membership | Member Benefits 
  Become a Member 
  Renew Your Membership 
  Connect with a Community 
  Ways to Participate 
  Jobs in STEM 
  Share & Support | Newsroom 
  Advertise with Us 
  Become a Sponsor 
  Post a Job 
  Information for Librarians 
  Subscribe to Our Emails 
   
 © 2024 Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics   
 Terms & Conditions 
  Privacy