O P  O D  I S  2023   
   
 Home 
  Keynotes 
  CFP 
  Dates 
  Committees 
  Papers 
  Program 
  Venue 
  Travel 
  Registration 
  Sponsors 

 Conference on Principles of Distributed Systems  
 6-8 December 2023, Tokyo, Japan  
 About OPODIS 2023  Register    
  
 About OPODIS 2023  
 OPODIS is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge concerning distributed computing and distributed computer systems. All aspects of distributed systems are within the scope of OPODIS, including theory, specification, design, performance, and system building. With strong roots in the theory of distributed systems, OPODIS now covers the whole range between the theoretical aspects and practical implementations of distributed systems, as well as experimentation and quantitative assessments.  
   
 Where  
 Tokyo Institute of Technology  
  West 9, Multi-Purpose Digital Hall  
  Ookayama 2-12-1  
  152-8550 Meguro-ku, Tokyo  
  Japan  
 東京都目黒区大岡山2-12-1, 東京工業大学, 西９号館・ディジタル多目的ホール  
   
 When  
 Wednesday to Friday  
  6-8 December 2023  

 Satellite Event (MAC 23)  

 The research meeting and school on Distributed Computing by Mobile Robots, aka, Moving and Computing ( MAC 23  ) will be organized as a satellite event of OPODIS during the two days following OPODIS 2023.  
   
 Where / When  
 MAC 23 will take place on December 9/10 (Sat/Sun) in building West 8E; a different building next to the OPODIS venue.  

 Keynote Speakers  
 We will host the following outstanding speakers.  
   
   Vincent Gramoli   
 University of Sydney and Redbelly Network  

   François Le Gall   
 Nagoya University  

   Roger Wattenhofer   
 ETH Zurich  

  Committees  
   
 Organizing Committee  
 General Chairs: 
  Xavier Défago (Tokyo Tech., Japan) 
  Koichi Wada (Hosei Univ., Japan) 
  Publication Chair: 
  Junya Nakamura (Toyohashi University of Technology, Japan) 
  Organizing Team: 
  François Bonnet (Tokyo Tech., Japan) 
  Yuichi Sudo (Hosei University, Japan) 
  Yasumasa Tamura (Tokyo Tech., Japan) 
  Mayuko Takano (Tokyo Tech., Japan) 
  Steering Committee: 
  Quentin Bramas (University of Strasbourg, France) 
  Pascal Felber (University of Neuchâtel, Switzerland) — chair 
  Paola Flocchini (University of Ottawa, Canada) 
  Vincent Gramoli (University of Sydney, Australia) 
  Eshcar Hillel (Pliops, Israel) 
  Yannic Maus (TU Graz, Austria) 
  Alessia Milani (LIS, Aix-Marseille University, France) 
  Roberto Palmieri (Lehigh University, USA) 
    
 Program Committee  
 Program Committee Chairs: 
  Alysson Bessani (FCUL/ULisboa, Portugal) 
  Yukiko Yamauchi (Kyushu University, Japan) 
  Program Committee: 
  Eduardo Alchieri (University of Brasilia, Brazil) 
  Anish Arora (The Ohio State University, USA) 
  Hagit Attiya (Technion, Israel) 
  François Bonnet (Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan) 
  Silvia Bonomi (Sapienza University of Rome, Italy) 
  Shantanu Das (Aix-Marseille University, France) 
  Joshua J. Daymude (Arizona State University, USA) 
  Tobias Distler (University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany) 
  Sisi Duan (Tsinghua University, China) 
  Yuval Emek (Technion, Israel) 
  Bernardo Ferreira (FCUL/ULisboa, Portugal) 
  Paola Flocchini (University of Ottawa, Canada) 
  Leszek A. Gąsieniec (University of Liverpool, UK) 
  Seth Gilbert (National University of Singapore, Singapore) 
  Magnus M. Halldorsson (Reykjavik University, Iceland) 
  Eshcar Hillel (Pliops, Israel) 
  Taisuke Izumi (Osaka University, Japan) 
  Sayaka Kamei (Hiroshima University, Japan) 
  Yonghwan Kim (Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan) 
  Evangelos Kranakis (Carleton University, Canada) 
  Fabian Kuhn (University of Freiburg, Germany) 
  Anissa Lamani (University of Strasbourg, France) 
  Euripides Markou (University of Thessaly, Greece) 
  Achour Mostéfaoui (University of Nantes, France) 
  Junya Nakamura (Toyohashi University of Technology, Japan) 
  Roberto Palmieri (Lehigh University, USA) 
  Fernando Pedone (University of Lugano, Switzerland) 
  Maria Potop-Butucaru (Sorbonne University, France) 
  Nuno Preguiça (University NOVA Lisboa, Portugal) 
  Vincent Rahli (University of Birmingham, UK) 
  Étienne Rivière (UCLouvain, Belgium) 
  Christian Scheideler (Paderborn University, Germany) 
  Valerio Schiavoni (University of Neuchâtel, Switzerland) 
  Gregory Schwartzman (Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Japan) 
  Jukka Suomela (Aalto University, Finland) 
  Sébastien Tixeuil (Sorbonne University, France) 

 Program  
 Program outline  
 Detailed program here   
  
 Dec. 6 | Dec. 7 | Dec. 8 
 9:00 | Opening |  
 9:10 | Keynote 1 | Keynote 2 | Keynote 3 
 10:10 | coffee break 
 10:35 | Session 1  
  (3 talks) | Session 4  
  (3 talks) | Session 7  
  (3 talks) 
 11:45 | lunch 
 13:30 | Session 2  
  (4 talks) | Session 5  
  (4 talks) | Session 8  
  (4 talks) 
 15:05 | coffee break 
 15:30 | Session 3 (3 talks) | Session 6  
  (4 talks) | Session 9  
  (4 talks) 
 16:40 | business meeting  
  (ca.1h) 
 Closing 

 Venue  
 Venue location info  

  OPODIS 23 takes place in West Area, Building 9  , Multi-Purpose Digital Hall  . The reception (Dec. 5) is at Tokyo Tech Front  , Royal Blue Hall. MAC 23  (Dec. 9-10) is organized in West Area, Building 8E  , 10th floor, Conference Hall.  
 Most attendants will arrive from Ookayama station  (Meguro line, Oimachi line) and enter the campus via the Main Gate  . Those coming from Midorigaoka station (Oimachi line) will come via South exit, through the bicycle parking and enter the campus via the Midorigaoka Gate  .  

 Practical:  Wifi: | eduroam | is available throughout the Tokyo Tech campus. | If your institution does not support eduroam, we can create guest accounts on site. 
  Power plugs: | Japanese power plugs are type A (2 flat pins; similar to USA). Voltage is 100V. 
  Display: | the conference room uses HDMI connectors. USB-C adapters will also be available. 
  IC card: | public transport uses any card of the Suica/PASMO family | (interoperable) | . | Those with an iPhone can create a card in the wallet app. | Otherwise, it is | highly | recommended to buy a | Welcome Suica | card at the airport upon arrival. | The card can also be used as an electronic wallet in many shops and vending machines. 

 Travel  
 Travel and accommodation information for conference attendees.  
   
  By train  
 From within Japan, it is easy to reach Tokyo by bullet train (shinkansen). Google maps provides reasonably good advice for connections. Coming from Western Japan, the most convenient is to leave the shinkansen at Shin-Yokohama Station  and change to the newly opened Tōkyū Shin-yokohama Line  .  
   
  By plane  
 Tokyo has two major international airports: Narita and Haneda.  
 Haneda airport (HND) | is the larger of the two airports and better connected for local transport (e.g., Keikyū line). Most domestic flights and multiple flights to Europe and Asia land at Haneda airport. 
  Narita airport (NRT) | is farther away but this is aleviated by the Narita Express train that stops at | Musashi-Kosugi station | , as well as the Keikyu lines that run between the two airports and stop at | Shinagawa station | . Most flights from North America land at Narita airport thus leaving less choice. 

  Hotels  
 Tokyo offers a large variety of accommodations for all budgets and preferences. We recommend booking a hotel close to one of the stops on the Meguro line, Oimachi line, Ikegami line, or Toyoko line. Areas convenient for commuting to the venue are near the following stations: Oimachi Meguro Jiyugaoka, Musashi-Kosugi  , Futako-Tamagawa. Other alternatives include: Shibuya Ebisu Shinagawa Gotanda JR Kamata.  
  The top recommendation is Meguro Station as this runs against the flow of the morning rush hour. Besides, the OPODIS banquet will be located near Meguro station  

 Registration  
 The conference has ended and registration is now closed. Details below are left for beraucratic reference:  
 Complete OPODIS'23 registration form (Google form; closed) 
  Open payment link (Stripe) provided on Google form (2nd page) 
  Pay via stripe link 
  Submit google form 
  Contact us for any other requests: ... 
  Proceed to | register to MAC'23 | (if applicable) 
  for MAC-only registrations skip the above steps and read instructions on the MAC registration page      

 Attendees requiring an invitation letter for obtaining a visa  may request one after  completing their registration (...).  
   
 Student  
 (proof of enrollment required)    
  Until 12 Nov 2023: JPY 25,000.-   
  (ca.US$170/€160)    
 From 13 Nov 2023: JPY 50,000.-   
  (ca.US$340/€320)    
 (dates in Japan timezone)    
  Conference attendance 
  Conference Kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  coffee breaks (6-8 Dec) 
  Welcome reception (5 Dec) 
  Banquet (7 Dec) 

 Regular  
 Until 12 Nov 2023: JPY 75,000.-   
  (ca.US$500/€480)    
 From 13 Nov 2023: JPY 95,000.-   
  (ca.US$640/€600)    
 (dates in Japan timezone)    
  Conference attendance 
  Conference Kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks (6-8 Dec) 
  Welcome reception (5 Dec) 
  Banquet (7 Dec) 

 Author  
 Until 12 Nov 2023: JPY 75,000.-   
  (ca.US$500/€480)    
 From 13 Nov 2023: N/A   
     
 (dates in Japan timezone)    
  Conference attendance 
  Conference Kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks (6-8 Dec) 
  Welcome reception (5 Dec) 
  Banquet (7 Dec) 

 Sponsors  
 We are grateful to our sponsors for their support to OPODIS'23.  

 Supported by International Exchange Program of National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT). 
  Sponsored by the Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers (IEICE), Japan. 
  Sponsored by Information Processing Society of Japan (IPSJ). 

  OPODIS'23 is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge concerning distributed computing and distributed computer systems. All aspects of distributed systems are within the scope of OPODIS, including theory, specification, design, performance, and system building.  
   
 Useful Links  
 Tokyo Tech 
  OPODIS conference series 
    
 Contact Us  
 OPODIS 2023 Organizing Team  
  Email:  opodis23@coord.c.titech.ac.jp   
   
 OPODIS 2023 Technical Program Chairs  
  Email:  opodis_pc_chairs@coord.c.titech.ac.jp   

 Designed by BootstrapMade