usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

 USENIX supports diversity, equity, and inclusion and condemns hate and discrimination  .  

   Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
    Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
    Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Requirements for Authors 
    Instructions for Presenters 
  Call for Artifacts 
    Call for Posters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
    Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation  
   
 July 10–12, 2023   

 Boston, MA, USA   

 Co-located with   
 USENIX ATC '23    
   
 Sponsored by USENIX in cooperation with ACM SIGOPS   

  Thanks to those who joined us in Boston for the 17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '23)  . We hope you enjoyed the event.  
 OSDI brings together professionals from academic and industrial backgrounds in what has become a premier forum for discussing the design, implementation, and implications of systems software. The symposium emphasizes innovative research as well as quantified or insightful experiences in systems design and implementation.  
 As part of our commitment to open access to research, the full proceedings and presentation slides are free and open to the public on the technical sessions  page. Videos are posted within a few weeks of the end of the event.  

 Registration Information  
 Early Bird Registration Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 See the Registration Information page  for details.  
 Authors and Speakers  
 Please contact the Conference Department  for registration information.  
 Discounts  
 In addition to our member discounts  , USENIX offers several discounts  to help you to attend OSDI '23.  
 Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  
 Please review USENIX's Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  prior to registering for the event. We appreciate your willingness to help safeguard your fellow event attendees and respect their personal safety choices.  

 USENIX Conference Policies  
 We encourage you to learn more about USENIX's values  and how we put them into practice at our conferences.  
 Accessibility Requests  
 USENIX is committed to ensuring that our meetings are fully accessible to all attendees. Visit our accessibility information page  to find out about options and how to make a request. To ensure that we meet your needs, please make your request by Monday, June 19, 2023  . We cannot guarantee that we can meet requests received after this date, although we will make every reasonable effort to do so.  
 Press Registration and Information  
 If you are an accredited journalist, please contact Melanie Ensign, Discernible Inc., for a complimentary registration code: melanie@usenix.org  .  
 Refunds and Cancellations  
 The cancellation deadline is Monday, June 26, 2023  . Please review the USENIX Registration Substitution and Cancellation Policy  for more information.  

 Venue  
 Sheraton Boston Hotel   
  39 Dalton Street  
  Boston, MA 02199  
 Hotel Discount Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 Special Attendee Room Rate  
 USENIX has negotiated a special conference attendee room rate of US$269 plus tax for single/double occupancy, including in-room wireless internet. To receive this rate, book your room online  or call the hotel and mention USENIX or OSDI '23.  
 The group rate is available until Friday, June 23, 2023,  or until the block sells out, whichever occurs first. After this date, contact the hotel directly to inquire about room availability.  
 Room Sharing  
 USENIX utilizes Google Groups  to facilitate room sharing. You can sign up for free to find attendees with whom you can share a hotel room, taxi, etc. Please include "OSDI '23"  in the subject line when posting a new room share request.  

 About OSDI '23  
 Conference Policies   
  Code of Conduct   
  View Past Symposia   

 Questions?  
 Review our Conference FAQs  , and send direct queries via email:  
 Registration: conference@usenix.org   
  Membership: membership@usenix.org   
  Sponsorship: sponsorship@usenix.org   
  Student Grants: students@usenix.org   
  Proceedings Papers: production@usenix.org   

 Symposium Organizers  

 Roxana Geambasu   
 Columbia University   
 Program Co-Chair   

 Ed Nightingale   
 Apple   
 Program Co-Chair   

 Program Committee   
 Atul Adya, Databricks    

 Rachit Agarwal, Cornell University    

 Nitin Agrawal, Google    

 Ramnatthan Alagappan, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Jeremy Andrus, Apple    

 Sebastian Angel, University of Pennsylvania    

 Mahesh Balakrishnan, Confluent    

 Adam Belay, MIT CSAIL    

 Emery Berger, University of Massachusetts Amherst    

 Edouard Bugnion, EPFL    

 George Candea, EPFL    

 Kang Chen, Tsinghua University    

 Vijay Chidambaram, The University of Texas at Austin and VMware Research    

 Mosharaf Chowdhury, University of Michigan    

 Byung-Gon Chun, Seoul National University and FriendliAI    

 Asaf Cidon, Columbia University    

 Manuel Costa, Microsoft Research    

 Landon Cox, Microsoft Research    

 Natacha Crooks, University of California, Berkeley    

 Jon Crowcroft, University of Cambridge    

 Heming Cui, University of Hong Kong    

 Dilma Da Silva, Texas A&M University    

 Murat Demirbas, Amazon Web Services    

 Ittay Eyal, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology    

 Jason Flinn, Meta    

 Bryan Ford, EPFL    

 Aishwarya Ganesan, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and VMware Research    

 Phillip Gibbons, Carnegie Mellon University    

 Yossi Gilad, Hebrew University of Jerusalem    

 Joseph Gonzalez, University of California, Berkeley    

 Andreas Haeberlen, University of Pennsylvania and Roblox    

 Steven Hand, Google    

 Tim Harris, Microsoft    

 Wenjun Hu, Yale University    

 Ryan Huang, Johns Hopkins University    

 Rüdiger Kapitza, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg    

 Brad Karp, University College London    

 Baris Kasikci, University of Michigan    

 Eddie Kohler, Harvard University    

 Mathias Lécuyer, University of British Columbia    

 Philip Levis, Google and Stanford University    

 Amit Levy, Princeton University    

 Jinyang Li, New York University    

 Hyeontaek Lim, Google    

 Wyatt Lloyd, Princeton University    

 Jay Lorch, Microsoft Research    

 Shan Lu, University of Chicago    

 Martin Maas, Google    

 Jonathan Mace, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)    

 Ratul Mahajan, University of Washington and Intentionet    

 Z. Morley Mao, University of Michigan and Google    

 James Mickens, Harvard University    

 Thomas Moscibroda, Microsoft    

 Deepak Narayanan, Microsoft Research    

 Ravi Netravali, Princeton University    

 Jason Nieh, Columbia University    

 Cristina Nita-Rotaru, Northeastern University    

 Shadi Noghabi, Microsoft Research    

 Aurojit Panda, New York University    

 KyoungSoo Park, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Bryan Parno, Carnegie Mellon University    

 Daniel Peek, Meta    

 Peter Pietzuch, Imperial College London    

 Dan Ports, Microsoft Research    

 Costin Raiciu, University Politehnica of Bucharest    

 David Richardson, Apple    

 Luis Rodrigues, INESC-ID and Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon    

 Christopher Rossbach, The University of Texas at Austin and Katana Graph    

 Malte Schwarzkopf, Brown University    

 Marco Serafini, University of Massachusetts Amherst    

 Marc Shapiro, Sorbonne-Université–LIP6 and Inria    

 Ji-Yong Shin, Northeastern University    

 Mark Silberstein, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology    

 Alex C. Snoeren, University of California, San Diego, and Google    

 Ion Stoica, University of California, Berkeley    

 Ryan Stutsman, University of Utah    

 Steven Swanson, University of California, San Diego    

 Adriana Szekeres, VMware Research    

 Kaushik Veeraraghavan, Facebook    

 Geoffrey M. Voelker, University of California, San Diego    

 Roger Wattenhofer, ETH Zurich    

 Michael Wei, VMware Research    

 Yubin Xia, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Tianyin Xu, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Junfeng Yang, Columbia University    

 Ding Yuan, University of Toronto and YScope    

 Lidong Zhou, Microsoft Research    

 Poster Session Co-Chairs   
 Ryan Huang, University of Michigan    

 Adriana Szekeres, VMware Research    

 Steering Committee   
 Marcos K. Aguilera, VMware Research    

 Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau, University of Wisconsin—Madison    

 Angela Demke Brown, University of Toronto    

 Jason Flinn, Meta    

 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    

 Jon Howell, VMware Research    

 Kimberly Keeton, Google    

 Hank Levy, University of Washington    

 Jay Lorch, Microsoft Research    

 Shan Lu, University of Chicago    

 James Mickens, Harvard University    

 Timothy Roscoe, ETH Zurich    

 Margo Seltzer, University of British Columbia    

 Geoff Voelker, University of California, San Diego    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University and Exotanium, Inc.    

 Platinum Sponsor  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Open Access Sponsor  

 Industry Partner and Media Sponsor  

 Conference Sponsorship  
 Become a Sponsor:  Sponsorship exposes your brand to highly qualified attendees, funds our grants program, supports open access to our conference content, and keeps USENIX conferences affordable. USENIX is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that relies on sponsor support to fulfill its mission. To learn more, please contact the Sponsorship Department  with the conference name in your subject line.  
 The acceptance of any organization as a sponsor does not imply explicit or implicit approval by USENIX of the donor organization’s values or actions. In addition, sponsorship does not provide any control over conference program content. Questions? Contact the Sponsorship Department  .  

 Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
  Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Requirements for Authors 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Posters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  Twitter    Facebook    Youtube     

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024