usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

   Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
    Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
    Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Requirements for Authors 
    Instructions for Presenters 
  Call for Artifacts 
    Call for Posters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
    Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

 OSDI '23 Call for Papers  

 Sponsored by USENIX  in cooperation with ACM SIGOPS.   
 The 17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '23)  will be co-located with the 2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC '23)  and take place on July 10–12, 2023, in Boston, MA, USA.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract registrations due: | Tuesday, December 6, 2022, 5:59 pm EST (10:59 pm UTC) 
  Complete paper submissions due: | Tuesday, December 13, 2022, 5:59 pm EST (10:59 pm UTC) 
  Author Response Period | Reviews available: | Monday, March 6, 2023 
  Author responses due: | Wednesday, March 8, 2023 
  Notification to authors: | Thursday, March 23, 2023 
  Final paper files due: | Thursday, June 1, 2023 
  Download Call for Papers PDF    
 Conference Organizers  

 Program Co-Chairs   
 Roxana Geambasu, Columbia University    

 Ed Nightingale, Apple    

 Program Committee   
 Atul Adya, Databricks    

 Rachit Agarwal, Cornell University    

 Nitin Agrawal, Google    

 Ramnatthan Alagappan, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Jeremy Andrus, Apple    

 Sebastian Angel, University of Pennsylvania    

 Mahesh Balakrishnan, Confluent    

 Adam Belay, MIT CSAIL    

 Emery Berger, University of Massachusetts Amherst    

 Edouard Bugnion, EPFL    

 George Candea, EPFL    

 Kang Chen, Tsinghua University    

 Vijay Chidambaram, The University of Texas at Austin and VMware Research    

 Mosharaf Chowdhury, University of Michigan    

 Byung-Gon Chun, Seoul National University and FriendliAI    

 Asaf Cidon, Columbia University    

 Manuel Costa, Microsoft Research    

 Landon Cox, Microsoft Research    

 Natacha Crooks, University of California, Berkeley    

 Jon Crowcroft, University of Cambridge    

 Heming Cui, University of Hong Kong    

 Dilma Da Silva, Texas A&M University    

 Murat Demirbas, Amazon Web Services    

 Ittay Eyal, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology    

 Jason Flinn, Meta    

 Bryan Ford, EPFL    

 Aishwarya Ganesan, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and VMware Research    

 Phillip Gibbons, Carnegie Mellon University    

 Yossi Gilad, Hebrew University of Jerusalem    

 Joseph Gonzalez, University of California, Berkeley    

 Andreas Haeberlen, University of Pennsylvania and Roblox    

 Steven Hand, Google    

 Tim Harris, Microsoft    

 Wenjun Hu, Yale University    

 Ryan Huang, Johns Hopkins University    

 Rüdiger Kapitza, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg    

 Brad Karp, University College London    

 Baris Kasikci, University of Michigan    

 Eddie Kohler, Harvard University    

 Mathias Lécuyer, University of British Columbia    

 Philip Levis, Google and Stanford University    

 Amit Levy, Princeton University    

 Jinyang Li, New York University    

 Hyeontaek Lim, Google    

 Wyatt Lloyd, Princeton University    

 Jay Lorch, Microsoft Research    

 Shan Lu, University of Chicago    

 Martin Maas, Google    

 Jonathan Mace, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)    

 Ratul Mahajan, University of Washington and Intentionet    

 Z. Morley Mao, University of Michigan and Google    

 James Mickens, Harvard University    

 Thomas Moscibroda, Microsoft    

 Deepak Narayanan, Microsoft Research    

 Ravi Netravali, Princeton University    

 Jason Nieh, Columbia University    

 Cristina Nita-Rotaru, Northeastern University    

 Shadi Noghabi, Microsoft Research    

 Aurojit Panda, New York University    

 KyoungSoo Park, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Bryan Parno, Carnegie Mellon University    

 Daniel Peek, Meta    

 Peter Pietzuch, Imperial College London    

 Dan Ports, Microsoft Research    

 Costin Raiciu, University Politehnica of Bucharest    

 David Richardson, Apple    

 Luis Rodrigues, INESC-ID and Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon    

 Christopher Rossbach, The University of Texas at Austin and Katana Graph    

 Malte Schwarzkopf, Brown University    

 Marco Serafini, University of Massachusetts Amherst    

 Marc Shapiro, Sorbonne-Université–LIP6 and Inria    

 Ji-Yong Shin, Northeastern University    

 Mark Silberstein, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology    

 Alex C. Snoeren, University of California, San Diego, and Google    

 Ion Stoica, University of California, Berkeley    

 Ryan Stutsman, University of Utah    

 Steven Swanson, University of California, San Diego    

 Adriana Szekeres, VMware Research    

 Kaushik Veeraraghavan, Facebook    

 Geoffrey M. Voelker, University of California, San Diego    

 Roger Wattenhofer, ETH Zurich    

 Michael Wei, VMware Research    

 Yubin Xia, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Tianyin Xu, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Junfeng Yang, Columbia University    

 Ding Yuan, University of Toronto and YScope    

 Lidong Zhou, Microsoft Research    

 Poster Session Co-Chairs   
 Ryan Huang, University of Michigan    

 Adriana Szekeres, VMware Research    

 Steering Committee   
 Marcos K. Aguilera, VMware Research    

 Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau, University of Wisconsin—Madison    

 Angela Demke Brown, University of Toronto    

 Jason Flinn, Meta    

 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    

 Jon Howell, VMware Research    

 Kimberly Keeton, Google    

 Hank Levy, University of Washington    

 Jay Lorch, Microsoft Research    

 Shan Lu, University of Chicago    

 James Mickens, Harvard University    

 Timothy Roscoe, ETH Zurich    

 Margo Seltzer, University of British Columbia    

 Geoff Voelker, University of California, San Diego    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University and Exotanium, Inc.    

 Overview  
 The 17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation seeks to present innovative, exciting research in computer systems. OSDI brings together professionals from academic and industrial backgrounds in a premier forum for discussing the design, implementation, and implications of systems software. OSDI emphasizes innovative research and quantified or insightful experiences in systems design and implementation.  
 OSDI takes a broad view of the systems area and solicits contributions from many fields of systems practice, including operating systems, file and storage systems, distributed systems, cloud computing, mobile systems, secure and reliable systems, systems aspects of big data, embedded systems, virtualization, networking as it relates to operating systems, and management and troubleshooting of complex systems. We also welcome work that explores the interface to related areas such as computer architecture, networking, programming languages, analytics, and databases. We encourage contributions with highly original ideas, new approaches, and groundbreaking results.  
 Submitting a Paper  
 Submissions will be judged on novelty, significance, interest, clarity, relevance, and correctness. Accepted papers will be shepherded through an editorial review process by a member of the program committee.  
 A good paper will:  
 Motivate a significant problem 
  Propose an interesting and compelling solution 
  Demonstrate the practicality and benefits of the solution 
  Draw appropriate conclusions 
  Clearly describe the paper's contributions 
  Clearly articulate the advances beyond previous work 
  Accepted papers will generally be available online to registered attendees before the conference. If your accepted paper should not be published prior to the event, please notify production@usenix.org  . The papers will be available online to everyone beginning on the first day of the conference.  
 Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered. All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication on the USENIX OSDI '23 website; rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.  
 Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously published work, or plagiarism constitutes dishonesty or fraud. USENIX, like other scientific and technical conferences and journals, prohibits these practices and may, on the recommendation of a program chair, take action against authors who have committed them. See the USENIX Conference Submissions Policy  for details.  
 Prior or concurrent workshop publication does not preclude publishing a related paper in OSDI. Authors should email the program co-chairs, osdi23chairs@usenix.org  , a copy of the related workshop paper and a short explanation of the new material in the conference paper beyond that published in the workshop version. The co-chairs may then share that paper with the workshop's organizers and discuss it with them.  
 Prior or concurrent publication in non-peer-reviewed contexts, like arXiv.org  , technical reports, talks, and social media posts, is permitted. However, your OSDI submission must use an anonymized name for your project or system that differs from any used in such contexts.  
 USENIX discourages program co-chairs from submitting papers to the conferences they organize, although they are allowed to do so. Should either program co-chair submit work to OSDI '23, their papers will be handled exclusively by the other program co-chair and reviewed according to the same rigorous and double blinded procedures that the program committee applies to all papers. In the event that a paper is co-authored by, or otherwise conflicted with, both co-chairs, the co-chairs will designate a PC member to manage the reviewing process for that paper.  
 Questions? Contact your program co-chairs, osdi23chairs@usenix.org  , or the USENIX office, submissionspolicy@usenix.org  .  
 By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present it. If the conference registration fee will pose a hardship for the presenter of the accepted paper, please contact conference@usenix.org  . For very special circumstances (such as travel restrictions or health issues), USENIX may provide the possibility of remote presentation and Q&A.  
 If your paper is accepted and you need an invitation letter to apply for a visa to attend the conference, please contact conference@usenix.org  as soon as possible. (Visa applications can take at least 30 working days to process.) Please identify yourself as a presenter and include your mailing address in your email.  
 Deadline and Submission Instructions  
 Authors must register abstracts and submit full papers by the dates indicated above. These are hard deadlines, and no extensions will be given. Submitted papers must be no longer than 12 single-spaced 8.5" x 11" pages, including figures and tables, plus as many pages as needed for references, using 10-point type on 12-point (single-spaced) leading, two-column format, Times Roman or a similar font, within a text block 7" wide x 9" deep. Accepted papers will be allowed 14 pages in the proceedings, plus references. Papers not meeting these criteria will be rejected without review, and no deadline extensions will be granted for reformatting. Pages should be numbered, and figures and tables should be legible in black and white, without requiring magnification. Papers so short as to be considered "extended abstracts" will not receive full consideration.  
 Supplementary Material  
 Authors may upload supplementary material in files separate from their submissions. PC members are not required to read supplementary material when reviewing the paper, so each paper should stand alone without it. Authors may use this for content that may be of interest to some readers but is peripheral to the main technical contributions of the paper. Examples of materials that may be included are: formal proofs that are only sketched in the paper; snippets of code that detail an algorithm presented in the paper; and methodological details that are not essential for the PC’s assessment but are important for reproducibility. Importantly, because the PC members are NOT required to read the supplementary material, the submission must stand alone without it. Attaching supplementary material is optional; if your paper says that you have formal proofs or source code, you need not attach them to convince the PC of their existence.  
 Identity Blinding  
 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors must make a good faith effort to anonymize their submissions, and they should not identify themselves or their institutions either explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments). Submissions violating the detailed formatting and anonymization rules will be rejected without review. If you are uncertain about how to anonymize your submission, contact the program co-chairs, osdi23chairs@usenix.org  , well in advance of the submission deadline.  
 Abstract Registration  
 Registering abstracts a week before paper submission is an essential part of the paper-reviewing process, as PC members use this time to identify which papers they are qualified to review. Abstract registrations that do not provide sufficient information to understand the topic and contribution (e.g., empty abstracts, placeholder abstracts, or trivial abstracts) will be rejected, thereby precluding paper submission.  
 Conflicts  
 When registering your abstract, you must provide information about conflicts with PC members. A PC member is a conflict if and only if one or more of the following circumstances applies:  
 Institution:  You are currently employed at the same institution, have been previously employed at the same institution within the past two years (not counting concluded internships), or are going to begin employment at the same institution during the review period.  
 Advisor:  You have a past or present association as thesis advisor or advisee.  
 Collaboration:  You have a collaboration on a project, publication, grant proposal, program co-chairship, or editorship within the past two years (December 2020 through December 2022).  
 Personal:  You are close family relatives (spouses, domestic partners, parents, or children).  
 You must not identify a PC member as a conflict if none of these circumstances applies. For instance, the following are not sufficient grounds to specify a conflict with a PC member: they have reviewed the work before, they are employed by your competitor, they are your friend, they were your post-doc advisor or advisee, or they had the same advisor as you.  
 The chairs will review paper conflicts to ensure the integrity of the reviewing process, adding or removing conflicts if necessary. The chairs may reject abstracts or papers on the basis of missing or extraneous conflicts. If you have any questions about conflicts, please contact the program co-chairs.  
 Authors are also encouraged to contact the program co-chairs, osdi23chairs@usenix.org  , if needed to relate their OSDI submissions to relevant submissions of their own that are simultaneously under review or awaiting publication at other venues. The program co-chairs will use this information at their discretion to preserve the anonymity of the review process without jeopardizing the outcome of the current OSDI submission.  
 Papers must be in PDF format and must be submitted via the submission system  . For more details on the submission process, and for templates to use with LaTeX, Word, etc., authors should consult the detailed submission requirements  .  
 SUBMIT YOUR WORK    
 Author Response Period  
 OSDI will provide an opportunity for authors to respond to reviews prior to final consideration of the papers at the program committee meeting, during the dates shown above. Authors must limit their responses to (a) correcting factual errors in the reviews or (b) directly addressing questions posed by reviewers. Responses should be limited to clarifying the submitted work. In particular, responses must not include new experiments or data, describe additional work completed since submission, or promise additional work to follow.  
 Submission of a response is optional. The response can be of any length up to 2000 words. A shorter and crisper response is often advantageous, while a response longer than 2000 words is prohibited.  
 Revise and resubmit  
 OSDI '23 introduces the option to revise and resubmit for some of the rejected papers. If a paper is given this option as indicated in the acceptance notification, authors will be provided with a list of issues to address. Authors may then resubmit a revised version with a response to the issues. If accepted, the paper will be presented at OSDI '24.  

 Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
  Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Requirements for Authors 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Posters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  Twitter    Facebook    Youtube     

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024