true  https://prod.accdab.net/cdn/cs/ebiaklm7tP0ykOyjm7KGfgNcPyo.js  500      ×  Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.   
   
  For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.   

 !  
 Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the features of our site.  
   
  Learn how to enable JavaScript on your browser   

 Shop Our Holiday Gift Guide Find a Gift    

 Advances in Practical Applications of Agents, Multi-Agent Systems, and Cognitive Mimetics. The PAAMS Collection: 21st International Conference, PAAMS 2023, Guimarães, Portugal, July 12-14, 2023, Proceedings  This book constitutes the proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Practical Applications of Agents and Multi-Agent Systems, PAAMS 2023, held in Guimaraes, Portugal, in July 2023.  
   
  The 32 full papers in this book were reviewed and selected from 70 submissions. 5 demonstration papers are also included in this volume. The papers deal with the application and validation of agent-based models, methods, and technologies in a number of key applications areas, including: advanced models and learning, agent-based programming, decision-making, education and social interactions, formal and theoretic models, health and safety, mobility and the city, swarms and task allocation.   
  1145106837   Advances in Practical Applications of Agents, Multi-Agent Systems, and Cognitive Mimetics. The PAAMS Collection: 21st International Conference, PAAMS 2023, Guimarães, Portugal, July 12-14, 2023, Proceedings  This book constitutes the proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Practical Applications of Agents and Multi-Agent Systems, PAAMS 2023, held in Guimaraes, Portugal, in July 2023.  
   
  The 32 full papers in this book were reviewed and selected from 70 submissions. 5 demonstration papers are also included in this volume. The papers deal with the application and validation of agent-based models, methods, and technologies in a number of key applications areas, including: advanced models and learning, agent-based programming, decision-making, education and social interactions, formal and theoretic models, health and safety, mobility and the city, swarms and task allocation.   
    89.99   In Stock   

   5  1    
    
  Home | 1 
  Books | 2 

    Advances in Practical Applications of Agents, Multi-Agent Systems, and Cognitive Mimetics. The PAAMS Collection: 21st International Conference, PAAMS 2023, Guimarães, Portugal, July 12-14, 2023, Proceedings  
  by Philippe Mathieu (Editor)  , Frank Dignum (Editor)  , Paulo Novais (Editor)  , Fernando De la Prieta (Editor)    Philippe Mathieu     
 View More    

    Read an excerpt of this book!             

  Add to Wishlist     

    Advances in Practical Applications of Agents, Multi-Agent Systems, and Cognitive Mimetics. The PAAMS Collection: 21st International Conference, PAAMS 2023, Guimarães, Portugal, July 12-14, 2023, Proceedings  
  by Philippe Mathieu (Editor)  , Frank Dignum (Editor)  , Paulo Novais (Editor)  , Fernando De la Prieta (Editor)    Philippe Mathieu     
 View More    

 eBook 1st ed. 2023  (1st ed. 2023)   
  
 $89.99    

 eBook (1st ed. 2023) 
  $89.99 

                  Instant Purchase       
   
  Available on Compatible NOOK devices, the free NOOK App and in My Digital Library.      
   
  WANT A NOOK?  Explore Now    
   
       Get Free eBook Sample       
  Buy As Gift     
   
  Related collections and offers  

  English  3031376161    89.99   In Stock   
   
    Overview  
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Practical Applications of Agents and Multi-Agent Systems, PAAMS 2023, held in Guimaraes, Portugal, in July 2023.  
   
  The 32 full papers in this book were reviewed and selected from 70 submissions. 5 demonstration papers are also included in this volume. The papers deal with the application and validation of agent-based models, methods, and technologies in a number of key applications areas, including: advanced models and learning, agent-based programming, decision-making, education and social interactions, formal and theoretic models, health and safety, mobility and the city, swarms and task allocation.   

  Product Details 
  Table of Contents 

 Product Details  
  
 ISBN-13: | 9783031376160 
 Publisher: | Springer-Verlag New York, LLC 
 Publication date: | 07/11/2023 
 Series: | Lecture Notes in Computer Science  , #13955 
 Sold by: | Barnes & Noble 
 Format: | eBook 
 File size: | 62 MB 
 Note: | This product may take a few minutes to download. 

 Table of Contents  
 ​PAAMS 2023 - MAIN TRACK.-  Brain waves classification using a single-channel dry EEG headset: an application for controlling an intelligent wheelchair.- AJAN: An Engineering Framework for Semantic Web-Enabled Agents and Multi-Agent Systems.- Adaptive consumption by continuous negotiation.- When Extrinsic Payoffs meet Intrinsic Expectations.- Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Structured Symbolic Music Generation.- A multi-level density-based crowd simulation architecture.- Resolving the Dilemma of Responsibility in Multi-Agent Flow Networks.- Lessons Learned on the Design of a Predictive Agent for LoRaWAN Network Planning.- A solution concept with an exploration bias for repeated stochastic coalitional games.- Governing online forum interactions with multi-agent system: A Reddit use case with the JaCaMo platform.- Fuzzy Hyperplane based Twin-KSVC and Its Applications to Stock Price Movement Direction Prediction Based on News Articles.- Enhancing Safety Checking Coverage withMulti-swarm Particle Swarm Optimization.- A Decentralized Resource Allocation Protocol in Social Networks.- Multi-agent learning of causal networks in the Internet of Things.- Investigation of Integrating Solution Techniques for Lifelong MAPD Problem Considering Endpoints.- Towards Norm Entrepreneurship in Agent Societies.- Velluscinum: A Middleware for Using Digital Assets in Multi-Agent Systems.- Parking Problem with Multiple Gates.- UAV Swarm Control and Coordination Using Jason BDI Agents on top of ROS.- Traffic Assignment Optimization using Flow-based Multi-Maps.- A Monitoring Agent for Advancing Elderly Care through Mobile Health Technology.- Extrinsic Emotion Regulation by Intelligent Agents: A computational model based on Arousal-Valence dimensions.- Optimization of Complex Systems in Photonics by Multi-Agent Robotic Control.- GTG-CoL: A new Decentralized Federated Learning based on Consenssus for dynamic networks.- A novel framework for multi-agent knowledge-based federated learning systems.- Exploring Planner-Guided Swarms Running on Real Robots.- Integrating Policy Summaries with Reward Decomposition for Explaining Reinforcement Learning Agents.- A Multi-Agent Based Dynamic Network Slice Tarification Framework.- An IDE to Support the Development of Embedded Multi-Agent Systems. Bioinspired Artificial Cockroach Colony Strategy combined with 2-type Fuzzy Logic for the Priority-Based Sanitization of Railway Stations.- Embedding Autonomous Agents into Low-Power Wireless Sensor Networks.- Safe Autonomous Decision-Making with vGOAL.- PAAMS 2023 - DEMONSTRATIONS.-  Towards Exception Handling in the SARL Agent Platform.- Multi-Agent Path Finding for Indoor Quadcopters.- Energy community integration of a smart home based on an open source multiagent system.- Cognitive Assistant for Enhanced eHealth Monitoring.- Extended Green Cloud - Modeling Cloud Infrastructure with Green Energy Sources.   
   
 Show More    

 From the B&N Reads Blog   
 Page 1  of    

 Customer Reviews