Jump to navigation   
 Home 
  Core Activities | Yearbook of International Organizations | Online Access 
  Print Access 
  Open Yearbook 
  International Congress Calendar | Online Access 
  Open Calendar 
  Associations Round Table | 2024 
  Past Round Tables 
  Future 
  Encyclopedia of World Problems | Online Access 
  Customized Data Extractions | Data Extractions 
  Data Streaming 
  Destination Reports 
  Publications | Reference Works | Yearbook of International Organizations 
  International Congress Calendar 
  Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential 
  Statistics & Surveys | International Meetings Statistics Report 
  UIA Survey on International Association Meeting Issues 
  Statistics 
  Stay Informed | UIA's World of Associations Newsletter 
  UIA Info Sheets 
  Past Publications | UIA Publications Database 
  Open Access Journals 
  UIA Archives 
  Services | Customized Data Extractions | Destination Reports 
  Data Extractions 
  Data Streaming 
  Free Resources for Research | Fraud Monitor 
  Link Directory 
  IGO Search Engine 
  Civil Society Glossary 
  What We Do For: | Associations 
  The Meetings Industry 
  Academics and Researchers 
  Round Tables | 2024 | November 2024 (Florence) 
  Virtual Round Tables 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Future Round Tables 
  Past Round Tables 
  Advertising | Advertising Opportunities | Online Advertising 
  Advertising in UIA Newsletter 
  Advertising in UIA Associations Mailing 
  Sponsorship | Sponsorship Opportunities | Survey on International Meetings Issues 
  Round Table Sponsorship 
  Projects | Active Projects | Open Yearbook 
  Open Calendar 
  Encyclopedia of World Problems 
  Executive Master in International Association Management 
  Newsroom 
  Membership | Associate Membership | Categories and Benefits 
  Application Form 
  Current Members 
  Login for Associate Members 
  Active Membership | Current Members 
  About UIA | General Information | UIA Info Sheets 
  History 
  Purpose and Objectives 
  Partners and Institutional Status 
  Structure and Statutes 
  Secretariat 
  Privacy Policy 
  Support UIA | Make a donation 
  UIA's Relevance to | Global Issues 
  Associations 
  The Meetings Industry 
  Academics and Researchers 

   Log in   Contact   Cart   Donate   
   
 UIA    
 Global Civil Society Database   
 Events  | Geography  | Subjects  | Organizations  | UN SDGs    
 Open Calendar     

  This information is part of the Open Calendar  , a free service of UIA's subscription-based International Congress Calendar Online  (ICCO)  . It includes only current and future  international meetings organized by non-profit organizations working worldwide in all fields of activity. The number of meetings, information contained in their profiles, and search functionality of this free service are limited.  
 The full-featured International Congress Calendar Online  (ICCO)  includes over 530,000 meetings ( past, current, future  ), additional information in profiles, sophisticated search functionality and data exports. For more information about ICCO, please click here  or contact us  .  
 The UIA is a leading provider of information about international non-profit organizations. The aim of the Open Calendar  is to promote the activities of international non-governmental organizations (INGOs) and intergovernmental organizations (IGOs).  
   
 International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Computing, Applications and Technologies (PDCAT 23) #24  
    
 Date & Location(s):  
 16. Aug 2023 – 18. Aug 2023  
 Jeju  , Korea Rep   
 Organizer(s):  
 International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Computing, Applications and Technologies (PDCAT)  
 View Organization Profile    
 Event Website:  
 Available with paid subscription  only.   
   
 Statistics Report Information:  
 Available with paid subscription  only.   
   
 You are viewing an event profile from the International Congress Calendar Online   .  
  ← visit the search page  to find additional events.   
 Terms of Use   
   
  UIA allows users to access and make use of the information contained in its Databases for the user’s internal use and evaluation purposes only. A user may not re-package, compile, re-distribute or re-use any or all of the UIA Databases or the data* contained therein without prior permission from the UIA.  
   
  Data from database resources may not be extracted or downloaded in bulk using automated scripts or other external software tools not provided within the database resources themselves. If your research project or use of a database resource will involve the extraction of large amounts of text or data from a database resource, please contact us for a customized solution.  
   
  UIA reserves the right to block access for abusive use of the Database.  
   
  * Data shall mean any data and information available in the Database including but not limited to: raw data, numbers, images, names and contact information, logos, text, keywords, and links.   

 Union of International Associations - Union des associations internationales  
   
 Connect with UIA:  
 Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  Bluesky 
    
 General Information:  
 Contact 
  History 
  UIA's profile in the Yearbook 
  Institutional Status 
  Structure and Statutes 
  Privacy Policy 
    
 UIA's Relevance to:  
 Global Issues 
  Associations and Organizations 
  The Meetings Industry 
  Academics and Researchers 
    
 Library & Archive:  
 Publications Archive 
  Document Archive 
    
 Support:  
   
 Make a Donation 

 © 1907 - 2024 Union of International Associations Terms and Conditions