PDCAT’22  Toggle navigation    Keynotes 
  Program 
  Registration 
  Travel 
  Venue 
  Contact 
  Sponsors 
  Committee 

 The 23rd International Conference on Parallel and Distributed  
  Computing, Applications and Technologies (PDCAT’22)  
  December 7-9, 2022, Sendai, Japan (Hybrid Event)  

 PDCAT 2022 Proceedings has been published!  
 The PDCAT 2022 Proceedings has been published on Springer's website  . Free access is provided from April 12, 2023 until May 12, 2023.   

 PDCAT 2023 will be held in Jeju, Korea. The conference website is open  .   

 The International Conference on P  arallel and D  istributed C  omputing, A  pplications and T  echnologies (PDCAT) is a major forum for scientists, engineers, and practitioners throughout the world to present the latest research, results, ideas, developments and applications in all areas of parallel and distributed computing. Started in Hong Kong in 2000, PDCAT 2022 will be held online and in-person  in Sendai, Japan, after 22 years of success in countries/regions including Taiwan, Japan, China, Korea, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand across Asia-Oceania.  

 PDCAT 2022 ended in a grest success. Many thanks to those who attended!  

 Keynotes  

 Smart IoT Sensing for Ageing Well: Research Activities and Future Directions  
 Michael Sheng, Macquarie University  
 Worldwide, the population is aging due to increasing life expectancy and decreasing fertility. The significant growth in older population presents many challenges to health and aged care services. Over the past two decades, the Internet of Things (IoT) has gained significant momentum and is widely regarded as an important technology to change the world in the coming decade. Indeed, IoT will play a critical role to improve productivity, operational effectiveness, decision making, and to identify new business service models for social and economic opportunities. Indeed, with the development of low-cost, unobtrusive IoT sensors, along with data analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, there is now a significant opportunity to improve the wellbeing and quality of life particularly of our older population. In this presentation, we will overview some related research projects and also discuss several research directions.  

 Algorithms and Systems Enabling AI for Science  
 Geoffrey Fox, University of Virginia  
 Currently, AI and in particular deep learning plays a major role in science, from data analytics and simulation surrogates to policy and systemdecisions. This role is likely to increase as ideas from early adopters spread across academic fields. We can group the structure of "AI for Science" into a “handful” (≤10) of patterns and we need to explore examples of each pattern, possibly leading to “Foundation” models for each of them. We suggest examining each pattern and supporting it with high-performance, easy-to-use environments for end-to-end systems, including data engineering. This would cover parallelism, storage and data movement, security, and the user interface. We illustrate this with the Cylon system which is HPC Software for Data Engineering.  

 Toward Next-Generation Supercomputer Systems: Vision and Activities in Japanese HPC Community  
 Masaaki Kondo, Keio University  
 The supercomputer Fugaku began its operations in 2021 and has successfully produced many useful scientific and engineering results. The use of a high-performance computing systems such as Fugaku is essential as a digital twin platform that reproduces physical space on cyberspace for the realization of future smart society. There is a growing demand for the development of next-generation supercomputer systems with higher performance supporting wider range of applications. However, there are many technical challenges towards development of next generation systems as we are now facing the end of Moore's law. Hence we launched a community activity for Next-Generation Advanced Computing Infrastructure (NGACI) in 2019 to discuss the roadmap of future HPC platforms, technical challenges, and necessary R&D elements. We have also started a feasibility studies on next-generation supercomputing infrastructures this year as a part of a national project by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) Japan. This talk introduces these activities and reviews recent trends in the development of supercomputing systems beyond exascale.  

 Digital Convergence  
 Michael Resch, High Performance Computing Center Stuttgart  
 The world of High Performance Computing is undergoing major changes. The coming end of Moore’s law has triggered attempts to push the limits of hardware which has resulted in an increasing usage of accelerator technologies. With these new systems a new user community has arisen. Artificial Intelligence has seen a spectacular comeback over the last years. While Artificial Intelligence and High Performance Computing seem to be rather different in their requirements and targets we see the evolution of what we want to call Digital Convergence. Users increasingly rely on both HPC and AI to solve their problems. This is further supported by a tremendous increase in data available for research. This talk will discuss the options and challenges that the new Digital Convergence creates.  

 Program  

 Regular papers are given a 30-minute time slot, and short papers are given a 20-minute time slot.   
  The official time zone for the conference is Japan Standard Time (GMT+9).  

 December 7, 2022  
  
 Start | End | Science Campus Hall (Hall A) | Aoba Memorial Hall (Hall B) 
 10:00 | 10:40 | Registration  (Science Campus Hall Lobby) |  
 10:40 | 11:00 | Opening |  
 11:00 | 12:00 | Keynote  (Michael Sheng) (Chair: Hui Tian) |  
 12:00 | 13:00 | Lunch 
 13:00 | 14:30 | Heterogeneous System (1)  (Chair: Satoshi Ohshima) | Embedded systems & Communication  (Chair: Masayuki Sato) 
 Yifan Jin, Mulya Agung, Keichi Takahashi, Yoichi Shimomura and Hiroyuki Takizawa | Towards Priority-Flexible Task Mapping for Heterogeneous Multi-Core NUMA systems | Zhiming Sun, Jingjing Yu and Xingchun Liu | Edge-Gateway Intrusion Detection for Smart Home 
 Kai Yang and Takayuki Aoki | Multi-GPU Scaling of a Conservative Weakly Compressible Solver for Large-scale Two-phase Flow Simulation | Liang Dai, Hangyu Tian, Dingxuan Ju and Hongke Xu | Energy-Delay Tradeoff in Parallel Task Allocation and Execution for Autonomous Platooning Applications ( short paper  ) 
 Qingyang Zhang, Lei Xu, Rongliang Chen, Lin Chen, Xinhai Chen, Qinglin Wang, Jie Liu and Bo Yang | Improving the Performance of Lattice Boltzmann Method with Pipelined Algorithm on A Heterogeneous Multi-zone Processor | Kai-Siang Wang and Jerry Chou | A Reservation-based List Scheduling for Embedded Systems with Memory Constraints ( short paper  ) 
 Zhiru Hou, Jiaqi Yin, Huibiao Zhu and Ningning Chen | Formalization and Verification of SIP Using CSP ( short paper  ) 
 14:30 | 15:00 | Poster Session 
 15:00 | 16:10 | FPGA  (Chair: Ryohei Kobayashi) | Blockchain  (Chair: Hiroyuki Takizawa) 
 Omkar Bhilare, Rahul Singh, Vedant Paranjape, Sravan Chittupalli, Shraddha Suratkar and Faruk Kazi | DEEPFAKE CLI: Accelerated Deepfake Detection using FPGAs | Somnath Mazumdar and Thomas Dreibholz | Towards a Blockchain and Fog-Based Proactive Data Distribution Framework for ICN 
 Honoka Tani and Akira Yamawaki | Memory access optimization for former process of pencil drawing style image conversion in High-level Synthesis ( short paper  ) | Jingya Xu, Lina Ge, Wei Zhou, Liang Yan and Zheng Hu | Research on user influence weighted scoring algorithm incorporating incentive mechanism ( short paper  ) 
 Hasitha Waidyasooriya, Shutaro Ishihara and Masanori Hariyama | Word2Vec FPGA Accelerator Based on Spatial and Temporal Parallelism ( short paper  ) | Trieu Le Hai, Phuc Nguyen Trong, Khanh Vo Hong, Huong Luong, Khiem Huynh Gia, Khoa Tran Dang, Hieu Le Van, Nghia Huynh Huu, Tran Nguyen Huyen, Kiet Le Tuan, Loc Van Cao Phu, Duy Nguyen Truong Quoc, Bang Le Khanh and Son Ha | BloodMan-Chain: A Management of Blood and Its Products Transportation based on Blockchain Approach ( short paper  ) 
 16:10 | 16:20 | Break 
 16:20 | 17:40 | HPC & AI  (Chair: Takeshi Nanri) | Deep Learning  (Chair: Yong Zhang) 
 Takaaki Fukai, Kento Sato and Takahiro Hirofuchi | Analyzing I/O Performance of a Hierarchical HPC Storage System for Distributed Deep Learning | Jianxuan Liu, Haotian Xue, Junfeng Wang, Shuo Hong, Hao Fu and Omar Dib | A Systematic Comparison on Prevailing Intrusion Detection Models 
 Amit Mankodi, Amit Bhatt and Bhaskar Chaudhury | An AutoML Based Algorithm for Performance Prediction in HPC Systems ( short paper  ) | Fengjiao Zhao, Na Li and Cheng Zhong | Enhancing Resolution of Inferring Hi-C Data Integrating U-Net and ResNet Networks 
 Maslina Zolkepli and Fatin Neamah Ridha Al-Sarray | Detecting Network Intrusions with Resilient Approaches Based On Convolutional Neural Networks ( short paper  ) 

 December 8, 2022  
  
 Start | End | Science Campus Hall (Hall A) | Aoba Memorial Hall (Hall B) 
 09:30 | 10:00 | Registration  (Science Campus Hall Lobby) |  
 10:00 | 11:00 | Keynote  (Geoffrey Fox) (Chair: Hong Shen) |  
 11:00 | 11:10 | Break 
 11:10 | 12:00 | Quantum Computing & Programming Language  (Chair: Shintaro Momose) | Equivalence Checking & Model checking  (Chair: Yohei Miki) 
 Kaho Aoyama, Kazuhiko Komatsu, Masahito Kumagai and Hiroaki Kobayashi | Analysis of Precision Vectors for Ising-based Linear Regression | Shunpei Sugawara, Keichi Takahashi, Yoichi Shimomura, Ryusuke Egawa and Hiroyuki Takizawa | Equivalence Checking of Code Transformation by Numerical and Symbolic Approaches 
 Yusuke Shiki, Masahiro Yasugi and Tasuku Hiraishi | Evaluating and Analyzing Irregular Tree Search in the Tascell and HOPE Parallel Programming Languages ( short paper  ) | Junfu Luo, Jiaqi Yin and Huibiao Zhu | MEA: A Framework for Model Checking of Mutual Exclusion Algorithms Focusing on Atomicity ( short paper  ) 
 12:00 | 13:00 | Lunch 
 13:00 | 15:00 | Award session (Plenary)  (Chair: Toshihiro Hanawa) 
 Takeshi Fukaya | Distributed Parallel Tall-Skinny QR factorization: Performance Evaluation of Various Algorithms on Various Systems 
 Masayuki Sato, Yuya Omori, Ryusuke Egawa, Ken Nakamura, Daisuke Kobayashi, Hiroe Iwasaki, Kazuhiko Komatsu and Hiroaki Kobayashi | A Partitioned Memory Architecture with Prefetching for Efficient Video Encoders 
 Yoshiya Shikama, Michihiro Koibuchi and Hideharu Amano | A Hardware Trojan Exploiting Coherence Protocol on NoCs 
 Shinji Sumimoto, Takashi Arakawa, Yoshio Sakaguchi, Hiroya Matsuba, Hisashi Yashiro, Toshihiro Hanawa and Kengo Nakajima | A System-Wide Communication to Couple Multiple MPI Programs for Heterogeneous Computing 
 15:00 | 15:30 | Poster Session |  
 15:30 | 17:00 | Heterogeneous System (2)  (Chair: Yohei Miki) | Interconnect  (Chair: Yamin Li) 
 Kazuki Ide, Keichi Takahashi, Yoichi Shimomura and Hiroyuki Takizawa | A task-parallel runtime for heterogeneous multi-node vector systems | Ke Cui and Michihiro Koibuchi | A High-Radix Non-Random Shortcut Network Topology for Efficient Collective Communication 
 Ryohei Kobayashi, Norihisa Fujita, Yoshiki Yamaguchi, Taisuke Boku, Kohji Yoshikawa, Makito Abe and Masayuki Umemura | Accelerating Radiative Transfer Simulation on NVIDIA GPUs with OpenACC | Yamin Li and Wanming Chu | Fault Tolerance and Packet Latency of Peer Fat-Trees 
 Satoshi Ohshima, Akihiro Ida, Rio Yokota and Ichitaro Yamazaki | QR Factorization of Block Low-Rank Matrices on Multi-Instance GPU ( short paper  ) | Hirotoshi Yamada, Masao Okita and Fumihiko Ino | Accelerating Imbalanced Many-to-Many Communication with Systematic Delay Insertion 

 December 9, 2022  
  
 Start | End | Science Campus Hall (Hall A) | Aoba Memorial Hall (Hall B) 
 09:30 | 10:00 | Registration  (Science Campus Hall Lobby) |  
 10:00 | 11:00 | Keynote  (Masaaki Kondo) (Chair: Ryusuke Egawa) |  
 11:00 | 11:10 | Break 
 11:10 | 12:00 | Optimization (1)  (Chair: Yasutaka Wada) | Privacy  (Chair: Yingpeng Sang) 
 Ruochen Hao, Qinglin Wang, Shangfei Yin, Tianyang Zhou, Qingyang | Optimizing Depthwise Convolutions on ARMv8 Architecture | Xinru Deng, Yingpeng Sang and Zhaojue Li | Broad Learning Inference Based on Fully Homomorphic Encryption 
 Sergej Breiter, Minh Thanh Chung and Karl Fürlinger | A Profiling-based Approach to Cache Partitioning of Program Data ( short paper  ) | Hiroshi Someda, Shigeyuki Osada and Yuya Kajikawa | Application of probabilistic common set in the open world set for vertical federated learning ( short paper  ) 
 12:00 | 13:00 | Lunch 
 13:00 | 13:50 | Optimization (2)  (Chair: Fumihiko Ino) | Workflow  (Chair: Kento Sato) 
 Siyi Hu, Makiko Ito, Takahide Yoshikawa, Yuan He and Masaaki Kondo | Memory Bandwidth Conservation for SpMV Kernels through Adaptive Lossy Data Compression | Wael Elwasif, Thomas Naughton and Matthew Baker | Towards a Standard Process Management Infrastructure for Workflows ( short paper  ) 
 Le Li and Kenjiro Taura | SimdFSM: An Adaptive Vectorization of Finite State Machines for Speculative Execution ( short paper  ) | Fitra Rahmani Khasyah, Kadek Gemilang Santiyuda, Gabriel Kaunang, Faizal Makhrus, Muhammad Alfian Amrizal and Hiroyuki Takizawa | An Advantage Actor-Critic Deep Reinforcement Learning Method for Power Management in HPC Systems 
 13:50 | 14:00 | Break 
 14:00 | 15:00 | Keynote  (Michael Resch) (Chair: Hiroyuki Takizawa) |  
 15:00 | 15:15 | Closing |  

 Call for Papers  
 Paper submission is closed.  
 Paper Submission Guideline  
 Papers reporting original and unpublished research results and experience are solicited. Papers will be selected based on their originality, timeliness, significance, relevance, and clarity of presentation. Accepted and presented papers will be published in the conference proceedings. Papers must be written in English and submitted electronically as a PDF/Word file on EasyChair  . Submissions should be made in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format  , and must not exceed 12 pages in length (a template for Overleaf users is available here  ). Conference proceedings will be published in LNCS by Springer (see here  for past editions) after the conference (post-proceedings).  
 Extended versions of selected papers are planned to be published in special issues of several SCI-indexed international journals including:  
 Computer and Electrical Engineering | (Elsevier) 
  Computer Science and Information Systems | (ComSIS Consortium) 
  International Journal of Distributed Sensor Networks | (SAGE Publications) 
  Concurrency and Computation: Practice and Experience | (Wiley) 
  Tsinghua Science and Technology | (Tsinghua University Press) 
  Human-centric Computing and Information Sciences | (Korea Information Processing Society Computer Software Research Group) 
  Journal of Information Processing Systems | (Korea Information Processing Society) 
  Supercomputing Frontiers and Innovations | (South Ural State University) 
  Important Dates  
 Abstract submission deadline: | September 20, 2022, 23:59 (AoE) 
  Paper submission deadline: | September 30, 2022, 23:59 (AoE) 
  Author notification: | October 16, 2022 
  Camera-ready due: | November 4, 2022 

 Call for Posters  
 Poster submission is closed.  

 Registration  
 The payment issue on EasyChair registration has now been resolved. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused. We are extending the author and early registration deadlines to November 25, 2022 (AoE)  .   

 For each paper, at least one of the (co-)authors must register as an author by November 25, 2022 (AoE)  for the paper to be included in the post-proceedings. Note that this includes papers authored by students. Poster authors are not required to register as authors, and may register as attendees or student attendees. Late registration fee applies on or after November 26, 2022 (AoE).  
 Please note that we can only accept Visa and Mastercard for payments. Payments with JCB will fail.  
 Go to the Registration System    
   
 Registration fees  
 The same fee applies to both in-person attendees and online attendees.  
  
 Registration Type | Registration Fee 
 Author | 35,000 JPY 
 Attendee (Early) | 20,000 JPY 
 Attendee (Late) | 25,000 JPY 
 Student Attendee (Early) | 15,000 JPY 
 Student Attendee (Late) | 20,000 JPY 

 Travel Information  
 COVID-19 Border Measures  
 The Japanese government has announced a new border control policy on September 26, 2022. Please refer to the official government website  for the latest information. The new policy summarized below is effective as of October 11, 2022:  
 On-arrival testing and quarantine are no longer required (except those who are showing COVID-19 symptoms). 
  All | travelers are required to submit a valid vaccination certificate or a COVID-19 negative test result certificate. 
  If submitting a vaccination certificate, it needs to show that you have been fully vaccinated and boosted with one of the following vaccines approved by the Japanese government: | COMIRNATY intramuscular injection (Pfizer), Spikevax intramuscular Injection (Moderna), Vaxzevria intramuscular Injection (AstraZeneca), JCOVDEN intramuscular injection (Janssen), COVAXIN (Bharat Biotech), and Nuvaxovid intramuscular Injection (Novavax) 
  Use of | Fast Track | , which allows you to submit the required documents online, is recommended to speed up the inspection at the airport . 
  Visa  
 Visa-free entry to Japan has resumed as of October 11, 2022. Registration to the Entrants, Returnees Follow-up System (ERFS) will is longer be required. Please refer to the government website  for detailed visa requirements and paperworks. If you require an invitation letter, please contact the organizers at pdcat2022@hpc.is.tohoku.ac.jp  .  

 Venue  
 The conference will be held on the Aobayama campus of Tohoku University  located in Sendai, Japan. Sessions will be held in the Science Campus Hall  and Aoba Memorial Hall  (circled red in the map below). To get to the venue from Sendai station, take the subway Tozai line and get off at Aobayama station. The venue is a 10-minute walk from Aobayama station.  
 The conference will be held in a hybrid manner, and authors can either present their papers in-person or virtually. Although we are currently planning to hold the conference in-person, please note that the conference will be held virtual-only if the COVID-19 situation in Japan becomes significantly worse. In such a case, we will announce the authors and attendees as soon as the decision is made.  

 Contact  
 Any queries regarding PDCAT 2022 should be directed to: pdcat2022@hpc.is.tohoku.ac.jp   

 Sponsors  

 Technical Sponsors  

 Hosted by  

 Committee  
 General Chairs  
 Hiroyuki Takizawa, Tohoku University, Japan  
  Hong Shen, Sun Yat-sen University, China  
 Program Chairs  
 Toshihiro Hanawa, The University of Tokyo, Japan  
  Jong Hyuk Park, Seoul National University of Science and Technology, Korea  
  Hui Tian, Griffith University, Australia  
 Poster Chair  
 Yohei Miki, The University of Tokyo, Japan  
 Publications Chair  
 Ryusuke Egawa, Tokyo Denki University, Japan  
 Publicity Chair  
 Keichi Takahashi, Tohoku University, Japan  
 Local Arrangement Chair  
 Yoichi Shimomura, Tohoku University, Japan  
 Registration and Finance Chair  
 Kazuhiko Komatsu, Tohoku University, Japan  
 Program Committee  
 Hamid Arabnia, The University of Georgia  
  Ritu Arora, The University of Texas at San Antonio  
  Costin Badica, University of Craiova  
  Susumu Date, Osaka University  
  Toshio Endo, Tokyo Institute of Technology  
  Arata Endo, Nara Institute of Science and Technology  
  Karl Fürlinger, Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich  
  Hajime Fujita, Fastly, Inc.  
  Norihisa Fujita, University of Tsukuba  
  Keiichiro Fukazawa, Kyoto University  
  Masaru Fukushi, Yamaguchi University  
  Teofilo Gonzalez, University of California, Santa Barbara  
  Jose Gracia, High Performance Computing Center Stuttgart  
  Huaxi Gu, Xidian University  
  Longkun Guo, Qilu University of Technology  
  Tetsuya Hoshino, The University of Tokyo  
  Fumihiko Ino, Osaka University  
  Yasushi Inoguchi, Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology  
  Mirjana Ivanovic, University of Novi Sad  
  Haibin Kan, Fudan Unviersity  
  Yamin Li, Hosei University  
  Weifa Liang, City University of Hong Kong  
  James Lin, Shanghai Jiao Tong University  
  Marin Lujak, University Rey Juan Carlos  
  Manu Malek, Stevens Institute of Technology  
  Shintaro Momose, NEC Corporation  
  Chawanat Nakasan, Kasetsart University  
  Takeshi Nanri, Kyushu University  
  Satoshi Ohshima, Nagoya University  
  Marcin Paprzycki, Systems Research Institute, Polish Academy of Sciences  
  Yingpeng Sang, Sun Yat-Sen University  
  Masayuki Sato, Tohoku University  
  Michael Sheng, Macquarie University  
  Yuanquan Shi, Huaihua University  
  Toyotaro Suzumura, The University of Tokyo  
  Jubee Tada, Yamagata University  
  Atsuko Takefusa, National Institute of Informatics  
  Thi Hong Tran, Osaka Metropolitan University  
  Miwako Tsuji, RIKEN Center for Computational Science  
  Vadim Voevodin, Lomonosov Moscow State University  
  Yasutaka Wada, Meisei University  
  Xian Wang, Xi'an Jiaotong University  
  Jigang Wu, Guangdong University of Technology  
  Jingjing Yu, Beijing Jiaotong University  
  Filip Zavoral, Charles University Prague  
  Yong Zhang, Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology  
  Haibo Zhang, University of Otago  
  Cheng Zhong, Guangxi University