Toggle navigation            
 Home 
  About 
  CfP 
  Schedule 
  Speakers | Brendan Bouffler 
  Angelo Ciaramella 
  Giuseppe Coviello 
  Pasqua D’Ambra 
  Jorge Ejarque Artigas 
  Alessandro Mei 
  Sessions 
  Committee 
  Venue 
  Contacts 
  Blog 
  Register Now 

 March 1-3, Naples, Italy  
 PDP 2023  
 31st Euromicro International Conference on Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing  

 Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing  
 Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing has undergone impressive change over recent years. New architectures and applications have rapidly become the central focus of the discipline. These changes are often a result of the cross-fertilization of parallel and distributed technologies with other rapidly evolving technologies. Therefore, reviewing and assessing these new developments is paramount compared with recent research achievements in the well-established areas of parallel and distributed computing from industry and the scientific community. PDP 2023 will provide a forum for presenting these and other issues through original research presentations and facilitate the exchange of knowledge and new ideas at the highest technical level. This year's edition is part of the dissemination activities of the ADMIRE project, wich will also be an exhibitor at the conference Demo Area together with E4 Computer Engineering.  
   
 THIS YEAR’S EDITION IS FULLY IN PRESENCE   

 Download Conference Materials and Pictures     

 Conference Starts in:  

 Early Registration     
 Register to Guided Tour     
 Register to Social Dinner     
 Book of abstracts     
 Live sessions     

 Registration is now open! Take advantage of our Early Registration fees until February 17th.  
 Register Now    

 About Euromicro  
 Euromicro  is an international scientific organization advancing sciences and applications of Information Technology and Microelectronics. A significant focus is organizing conferences and workshops in Computer Science and Computer Engineering. Euromicro is a non-profit association founded in 1974, and annual meetings have taken place in more than 20 countries all over Europe. Find out more    
 About ADMIRE  
 The ADMIRE project  aims to avoid congestion and balance computational with storage performance when processing extremely large data sets. The main objective of the ADMIRE project is to establish this control by creating an active I/O stack that dynamically adjusts computation and storage requirements through intelligent global coordination, the malleability of computation and I/O, and the scheduling of storage resources along all levels of the storage hierarchy. Find out more   

 Please, register for the conference social events before February 17th.  
 Guided Tour (March 1st)  Social Dinner (March 2nd)    

 Call for Papers  
 Submit your papers to EasyChair.  

 Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing has undergone impressive change over recent years. New architectures and applications have rapidly become the central focus of the discipline. These changes are often a result of the cross-fertilization of parallel and distributed technologies with other rapidly evolving technologies. Therefore, reviewing and assessing these new developments is paramount compared with recent research achievements in the well-established parallel and distributed computing areas from industry and the scientific community. PDP 2022 will provide a forum for presenting these and other issues through original research presentations and will facilitate the exchange of knowledge and new ideas at the highest technical level.  Topics of interest include, but are not restricted to:     
 Parallel Computing  : massively parallel machines; embedded parallel and distributed systems; multi- and many-core systems; GPU and FPGA-based parallel systems; parallel I/O; memory organization.  

 Distributed and Network-based Computing  : Cluster, Grid, Web, and Cloud computing; mobile computing; interconnection networks.  

 Big Data  : large-scale data processing; distributed databases and archives; large-scale data management; metadata; data-intensive applications.  

 Programming models and Tools  : programming languages and environments; runtime support systems; performance prediction and analysis; simulation of parallel and distributed systems.  

 Systems and Architectures  : novel system architectures; high data throughput architectures; service-oriented architectures; heterogeneous systems; shared-memory and message-passing systems; middleware and distributed operating systems; dependability and survivability; resource management.  

 Advanced Algorithms and Applications  : distributed algorithms; multi-disciplinary applications; computations over irregular domains; numerical applications with multi-level parallelism; real-time distributed applications.  

 The Call for Papers is available here.   

 Call for Papers     
    
 Important dates  
 Deadline for paper submission: | November 30  December 11  December 18 (firm), 2022 
  Acceptance notification: | January 22, 2022 
  Camera-ready paper due: | February | 3, 2023 
  Registration open: | January 25 | , 2023 
  Authors’ registration until: | February 15, 2023 
  Early registration until: | February 17, 2023 
  Conference: | March 1 – 3, 2023 

 Submission of Papers  
 Prospective authors should submit a full paper not exceeding 8 pages in the IEEE Conference proceedings format  (IEEEtran, double-column, 10pt) to the conference main track or the Special Sessions through the EasyChair submission system (see link below) indicating the Main Track or the chosen Special Session. The submission period will open on July 31st. https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=pdp2023  Double-blind review: | the paper should not contain authors’ names and affiliations; in the reference list, references to the authors’ work entries should be substituted with the string “omitted for blind review”. 
  Publication | : | all accepted papers will be included in the same proceedings volume published by | Conference Publishing Services (CPS) | . The Final Paper Preparation and Submission Instructions will be announced after the notification of acceptance. Authors of accepted papers are expected to register and present their papers at the Conference. Conference proceedings will be submitted for indexing, among others, to DBLP, Scopus ScienceDirect, and ISI Web of Knowledge. 
    
 Journal Special Issue  
 Selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to a special issue in the selected JCR-indexed journals Microprocessors and Microsystems  (Elsevier) and The Journal of Supercomputing  (Springer). Special issue on Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Systems   
 This special issue of the Microprocessors and Microsystems (MICPRO) journal is devoted to selected high-quality papers from the 31st Euromicro International Conference on Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing. Submission deadline is 30 September 2023. Call for paper   New Trends in Parallel, Distributed, and Network-based Processing: Key Technologies, Tools, and Applications  
 This special issue of The Journal of Supercomputing (JSUPE) is devoted to selected high-quality papers from the PDP 2023, as well as to other high-quality papers that fit the Special Issue topics. Submission deadline is 30 September 2023. Call for paper     
 Instructions for authors of accepted papers  
 IMPORTANT DATES:  These are hard deadlines. Please let us know if you will have any problems meeting them: Camera-ready: February 3rd 
  IEEE Copyright transfer: February 17th 
  Early registration until: February 17th 
  PROCEEDINGS  The paper will be published in the Conference Proceedings subject to the following: Upload a camera-ready version complying with the final manuscript format requirements and the following page limits: | Full paper:  Maximum of 8 pages; additional pages are charged with 60 Eur. per extra page (up to 2 additional pages) | Short paper:  Maximum of 4 pages; an additional page can be included with a charge of 60 Eur. 
  Full consideration of reviewers’ remarks and suggestions for the elaboration of the camera-ready version 
  Provide the following required extra material: Fulfilled IEEE copyright transfer form; information about the presenter, including plain text with a short bio and a photograph. 
  Full registration of at least one of the authors of each manuscript. 
  SUBMIT DOCUMENTATION AND EXTRA INFORMATION  The following documentation should be provided to the organization by the indicated deadlines: Camera-ready: the final version of the paper should be uploaded to the EasyChair platform as a new version of the same submission. 
  Copyright form: authors will timely receive instructions to fulfill the IEEE copyright transfer form. 
  REGISTRATION  Please note that at least one of the originally submitting authors of an accepted paper has to fully register for the conference (i.e., with Euromicro member fee or with Euromicro non-member fee) until February 15th, 2023  . Otherwise, the paper will not be included in the Proceedings. Check the Registration page  .   

 Registration is available from €430. Join us in Naples on 1-3 March  and be part of the change!  
 Schedule  Registration    

 Registration Fees  
 The registration procedure is managed by the Euromicro web portal.  

 Hot!  Euromicro member - early registration  
 €  430    
 Register    
   
 Euromicro member - late registration  
 €  480    
 Register    

  NON member - early registration  
 €  530    
 Register    
   
 NON member - late registration  
 €  580    
 Register    

  Student - early registration  
 €  250    
 Register    
   
 Student - late registration  
 €  300    
 Register    

 Conference Schedule  
 PDP 2023 full schedule of keynotes, sessions & workshops will be available soon  

 Download Schedule     

 Day 1, Wednesday  1 March 2023 
  Day 2, Thursday  2 March 2023 
  Day 3, Friday  3 March 2023 

 8:00AM - 9:15AM  MAIN HALL    
 Registration and welcome espresso  
 Registration for PDP 2023. Pick up your name badge and goodie bag.   

 9:15AM-10:30AM  TEATRO    
 Opening Ceremony  
 Welcome message by Prof. Raffaele Montella, general chair.   
 Speakers:    
 Prof. Antonio Garofalo, Rector of the University of Naples "Parthenope"   
 Prof. Andrea Soricelli, Head of the School of Science, Engineering and Health, University of Naples "Parthenope"   
 Karl-Erwin Grosspietsch, Euromicro Chair   

 10:30AM-11:15AM  TEATRO    
     
 Brendan Bouffler  
 Head of Developer Relations - HPC Engineering at Amazon Web Services  

 Keynote – Distributed computing disrupts. Discuss.  
 Distributed computing is becoming more integrated into the lives of humans than most would recognize, leading to some great outcomes (and some less-than-great ones, we should also admit)... [Read more]    
 Chair:  Raffaele Montella, University of Naples “Parthenope”   

 11:15AM - 11:30AM  SALA WAGNER    
 Coffee Break  
 Italian coffee, juices and pastries.   

 11:30AM-1:00PM  TEATRO    
 Karl-Erwin Grosspietsch  
 Euromicro  

 Main Track  
 Karthick Panner Selvam and Mats Brorsson:  Performance Analysis and Benchmarking of a Temperature Downscaling Deep Learning Model    
 Shoichi Hirasawa and Michihiro Koibuchi:  An Auto-Tuning Method for High-Bandwidth Low-Latency Approximate Interconnection Networks    
 Diana Di Luccio, Ciro Giuseppe De Vita, Gennaro Mellone, Raffaele Montella, Marco Lapegna, Gloria Ortega, Livia Marcellino, Enrico Zambianchi, and Giulio Giunta:  A highly scalable high-performance Lagrangian transport and diffusion model for marine pollutants assessment    
 Marcelo Koji Moori, Hiago Mayk G. de A. Rocha, Matheus Almeida Silva, Janaína Schwarzrock, Arthur Lorenzon, and Antonio Carlos Schneider Beck Filho:  Automatic CPU-GPU Allocation for Graph Execution    

 11:30AM-1:00PM  SALA PROCIDA    
 Jesus Carretero  
 University Carlos III of Madrid  

 BDCSA2023: Big Data Convergence: from Sensors to Applications  
 Jesus Carretero and Cristhian Martinez:  Blockchain-based schemes for continuous verifiability and traceability of IoT data    
 Javier Garcia Blas, Cosmin Octavian Petre, Genaro Juan Sanchez Gallegos, and Jesus Carretero:  Network accelerated in-memory ad-hoc file system for data-centric and high-performance applications    
 David E. Singh, Alvaro Arbe Milara, and Jesus Carretero:  Energy-aware malleable scheduling techniques    
 Paula Ferrero-Roza, José A. Moríñigo, and Filippo Terragni:  Scaling of the SVD Algorithm for HPC Science: A PETSc-based Approach    

 11:30AM-1:00PM  AWS ACADEMY    
 Salvatore Cuomo  
 University of Naples “Federico II”  

 SALTCSMLNHPC2023: Scalable Algorithms, Libraries and Tools for Computational Science and Machine Learning on New Heterogeneous HPC Systems  
 Raúl Marichal, Guillermo Toyos, Ernesto Dufrechou, and Pablo Ezzatti:  Evaluation of architecture-aware optimization techniques for Convolutional Neural Networks   
 Bruno Galluzzi, Stefano Izzo, Fabio Giampaolo, Salvatore Cuomo, Marco Vanoni, Lilia Alberghina, Chiara Damiani, and Francesco Piccialli:  Coupling constrained-based flux sampling and clustering to tackle cancer metabolic heterogeneity   
 Kashif Qureshi, Noman Arshad, and Thomas Newe:  Intrusion Detection Systems for Cyber Attacks Detection in Power Line Communications Networks   
 Jia-Hao Syu, Jerry Chun-Wei Lin, Marcin Fojcik, and Rafal Cupek:  HTPS: Heterogeneous Transferring Prediction System for Healthcare Datasets   

 1:00PM - 2:30PM  SALA WAGNER    
 Lunch  
 Buffet lunch with Italian specialties.   

 2:30PM-3:15PM  TEATRO    
     
 Angelo Ciaramella  
 Full Professor at DiST University of Naples “Parthenope”  

 Keynote – Soft Computing in data integration and decision-making  
 This talk explores the progress made in decision-making, data integration, and record linkage in addressing novel challenges by using Soft Computing methodologies and identifies a range of open challenges for the community.... [Read more]  Chair:  Jesús Carretero, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid   

 3:15PM - 3:30PM  SALA WAGNER    
 Coffee Break  
 Italian coffee, juices and pastries.   

 3:30PM-5:30PM  TEATRO    
 Valeria Mele  
 University of Naples “Federico II”  

 Main Track  
 Lucas Leandro Nesi, Vinícius Garcia Pinto, Lucas Mello Schnorr, and Arnaud Legrand:  Summarizing task-based applications behavior over many nodes through progression clustering    
 Adriano Vogel, Marco Danelutto, Dalvan Griebler, and Luiz Fernandes:  Revisiting self-adaptation for efficient decision-making at run-time in parallel executions    
 Franz Biersack, Kilian Holzinger, Henning Stubbe, Thomas Wild, Georg Carle, and Andreas Herkersdorf:  Priority-aware Inter-Server Receive Side Scaling    
 Pasqua D'Ambra, Fabio Durastante, S M Ferdous, Salvatore Filippone, Mahantesh Halappanavar, and Alex Pothen:  AMG Preconditioners based on parallel hybrid coarsening and multi-objective graph matching    

 3:30PM-5:30PM  SALA PROCIDA    
 Katzalin Olcoz  
 Universidad Complutense de Madrid  

 BDCSA2023: Big Data Convergence: from Sensors to Applications  
 Javier Campoy, Ignacio-Iker Prado-Rujas, José L. Risco-Martín, Katzalin Olcoz, and María S. Pérez:  Distributed training and inference of deep learning solar energy forecasting models    
 Alvaro Cuartero-Montilla and Rafael Mayo-García:  Application of advanced Artificial Intelligence methodologies for the development of a gene therapy for the primary Hyperoxaluria    
 Tommaso Marinelli, José Ignacio Gómez Pérez, Christian Tenllado, and Francky Catthoor:  Efficiency-Aimed Pattern Analysis and Data Mapping in Hybrid Cache-SPM Architectures    
 Elías Del-Pozo-Puñal, Felix Garcia-Carballeria, and Diego Camarmas-Alonso:  ENIGMA: A Scalable Simulator for IoT and Edge Computing    

 3:30PM-5:30PM  AWS ACADEMY    
 Francesco Piccialli  
 University of Naples “Federico II”  

 SALTCSMLNHPC2023: Scalable Algorithms, Libraries and Tools for Computational Science and Machine Learning on New Heterogeneous HPC Systems  
 Nicolo Romandini, Carlo Mazzocca, and Rebecca Montanari:  Federated Learning Meets Blockchain: a Power Consumption Case Study    
 Maria Pia De Rosa, Fabio Giampaolo, Francesco Piccialli, and Salvatore Cuomo:  Modelling the COVID-19 infection rate through a Physics-Informed learning approach    
 Kevin Crampon, Alexis Giorkallos, Stéphanie Baud, and Luiz Angelo Steffenel:  Convolutional graph neural network training scalability for molecular docking    
 Jie Lei, José Flich, and Enrique S. Quintana-Ortí:  Toward Matrix Multiplication for Deep Learning Inference on the Xilinx Versal    
 Tao Tao:  Synchronization Efficient Scheduling of Fine-grained Irregular Programs    

 5:45PM - 8:30PM  MAIN HALL    
 Guided Tour (reservation needed)  
  Burbon Tunnel - Adventure Tour  
 Location:  Burbon Tunnel  , via Domenico Morelli 61, Naples   
 Details:  departure from the conference venue Villa Doria d’Angri with a private shuttle. The tour starts at 7:00PM (1.30h)   
 Recommendations:  comfortable, non-slippery shoes and a jacket or sweatshirt are recommended.   
 We regret that this tour is not suitable for people with claustrophobia and walking difficulties.   
 Please, fill in the form  before February 17 to reserve your spot.    

 9:00AM - 10:00AM  Frontdesk    
 Reception & Coffee  

 10:00AM - 10:45AM  TEATRO    
     
 Jorge Ejarque Artigas  
 Senior Research Engineer at Barcelona Supercomputing Center  

 Keynote – Introducing the FaaS model in Complex HPC Workflows: The eFlows4HPC approach  
 The speaker will present the problems and challenges to facilitate the development, deployment, and execution of complex workflows in the HPC sites and their analogies with the Function-as-a-Service model used in the Cloud Computing environment... [Read more]  Chair:  Angelo Ciaramella, University of Naples “Parthenope”   

 10:45AM - 11:00AM  SALA WAGNER    
 Coffee Break  
 Italian coffee, juices and pastries.   

 11:00AM-12:30PM  TEATRO    
 Antonella Galizia  
 IMATI-CNR  

 Main Track  
 Keisuke Sugiura and Hiroki Matsutani:  An Efficient Accelerator for Deep Learning-based Point Cloud Registration on FPGAs    
 Midia Reshadi and David Gregg:  Dynamic Resource Partitioning for Multi-Tenant Systolic Array Based DNN Accelerator    
 Jorge Villarrubia, Luis Costero, Francisco D. Igual, and Katzalin Olcoz:  Improving inference time in multi-TPU systems with profiled model segmentation    
 Alberto Ottimo, Gabriele Mencagli, and Marco Danelutto:  FSP: a Framework for Data Stream Processing Applications targeting FPGAs    

 11:00AM-12:30PM  SALA PROCIDA    
 William Spataro  
 University of Calabria  

 HPCMS2023: High Performance Computing in Modelling and Simulation  
 Marjan Firouznia, Pietro Ruiu, and Giuseppe A. Trunfio:  Robust feature selection for high-dimensional datasets using a GPU-accelerated ensemble of cooperative coevolutionary optimizers    
 Luca Barillaro, Giuseppe Agapito, and Mario Cannataro:  Using Edge-based Deep Learning Model for Early Detection of Cancer    
 Lorella Bottino, Marzia Settino, and Mario Cannataro:  Distributed ICT solutions for scoliosis management    
 Alessio De Rango, Luca Furnari, Alfonso Senatore, Giuseppe Mendicino, Andrea Giordano, Davide Macrì, Gladys Utrera, and Donato D'Ambrosio:  Performance Analysis and Optimization of the CUDA Implementation of the Three-Dimensional Subsurface XCA-Flow Cellular Automaton    

 11:00AM-12:30PM  AWS ACADEMY    
 E4 & ADMIRE  

 TUTORIAL  
 FlexMPI: Malleability Techniques and Applications in High-Performance Computing   

 12:30PM - 2:00PM  SALA WAGNER    
 Lunch  
 Buffet lunch with Italian specialties.   

 2:00PM-2:45PM  TEATRO    
     
 Pasqua D’Ambra  
 Senior Research Scientist at Institute for Applied Computing of the National Research Council and CINI National Lab. on HPC-KTT  

 Keynote – Node-level efficiency and scalability issues in iterative sparse linear solvers at scale  
 In this talk, I will present activities aimed at designing and developing algorithms and mathematical software that enable scientific and engineering applications to face the exascale challenge... [Read more]  Chair:  Jorge Ejarque Artigas, Barcelona Supercomputing Center   

 2:45PM - 3:00PM  SALA WAGNER    
 Coffee Break  
 Italian coffee, juices and pastries.   

 3:00PM-4:30PM  TEATRO    
 Giuliano Laccetti  
 University of Naples Federico II  

 Main Track  
 Federica Uccello, Salvatore D'Antonio, Roberto Nardone, and Nicola Russo:  A Tamper-Resistant Storage Framework for Smart Grid security   
 Marco Danelutto, Paolo Palazzari, Alberto Ottimo, Gabriele Mencagli, and Francesco Iannone:  FastFlow targeting FPGAs   
 Ciro Giuseppe De Vita, Gennaro Mellone, Aniello Florio, Catherine Alessandra Torres Charles, Diana Di Luccio, Guido Benassai, Marco Lapegna, Giorgio Budillon, and Raffaele Montella:  Parallel and hierarchically-distributed Shoreline Alert Model (SAM)   
 Giuseppe Coviello, Kunal Rao, Gennaro Mellone, Ciro Giuseppe De Vita, Priscilla Benedetti, and Srimat Chakradhar:  Content-aware auto-scaling of stream processing applications on container orchestration platforms   

 3:00PM-4:30PM  SALA PROCIDA    
 Giuseppe Trunfio  
 University of Sassari  

 HPCMS2023: High Performance Computing in Modelling and Simulation  
 Luca Barillaro, Giuseppe Agapito, and Mario Cannataro:  High performance deep learning libraries for biomedical applications    
 Natiele Lucca, Claudio Schepke, and Gabriel Dineck Tremarin:  Parallel Directives Evaluation in Porous Media Application: A Case Study    
 Arianna Anniciello and Elio Masciari:  A Judgment Aggregation Method For Fuzzy Multi Criteria Decision Making    
 Andrea Giordano, Donato D'Ambrosio, Davide Macrì, Rocco Rongo, William Spataro, Gladys Utrera, and Marisa Gil:  OpenCAL++: An object-oriented architecture for transparent Parallel Execution of Cellular Automata models    

 3:00PM-4:30PM  AWS ACADEMY    
 E4 & ADMIRE  

 TUTORIAL  
 FlexMPI: Malleability Techniques and Applications in High-Performance Computing   

 4:30PM - 6:00PM  TEATRO    
 E4 Computer Engineering  

 Industrial Session  
 Chairs:  Giuseppe Coviello, NEC Labs America; Brendan Bouffler, Amazon Web Services   

 7:00PM - 11:00PM  SALA WAGNER    
 Aperitivo & Social Dinner (reservation needed)  
 Location:  the conference venue, Villa Doria d’Angri.   
 Please, fill in the form  before February 17 to confirm your attendance and notify us the number of accompanying persons and your dietary restrictions.    

 9:00AM - 10:00AM  Frontdesk    
 Reception & Coffee  

 10:00AM - 10:45AM  TEATRO    
     
 Giuseppe Coviello  
 Researcher in Integrated Systems at NEC Labs America  

 Keynote – A solution for real-time streaming applications  
 Throughout history, humanity has collected data by observing natural phenomena. Collecting data from observations, analyzing it, and deriving higher-level insights are natural inclinations of human beings and essential processes for developing past, present, and future civilizations... [Read more]  Chair:  Marco Lapegna, University of Naples “Federico II”   

 10:45AM - 11:00AM  SALA WAGNER    
 Coffee Break  
 Italian coffee, juices and pastries.   

 11:00AM-12:30PM  TEATRO    
 Marco Lapegna  
 University of Naples “Federico II”  

 Main Track  
 Aymar Cublier Martínez, Alejandro Álvarez Isabel, Jesús Carretero, and David E. Singh:  Fine-grained parallel social modelling for analyzing the COVID-19 propagation    
 Iker Martín Álvarez, José Ignacio Aliaga, Maribel Castillo, and Sergio Iserte:  Configurable synthetic application for studying malleability in HPC    
 Paulo Souza, Carlos Kayser, Lucas Roges, and Tiago Ferreto:  Thea – a QoS, Privacy, and Power-aware Algorithm for Placing Applications on Federated Edges    
 Gennaro Mellone, Ciro Giuseppe De Vita, Dante Domizzi Sánchez-Gallegos, Diana Di Luccio, Gaia Mattei, Francesco Peluso, Pietro Patrizio Ciro Aucelli, Angelo Ciaramella, and Raffaele Montella:  A containerized distributed processing platform for autonomous surface vehicles: preliminary results for marine litter detection    

 11:00AM-12:30PM  SALA PROCIDA    
 Emanuel Di Nardo  
 University of Naples “Parthenope”  

 CCIaaSA2023: Cloud Computing on Infrastructure as a service and its Applications  
 Lucía Pons, Salvador Petit, Julio Pons, Maria E. Gomez, Chaoyi Huang, and Julio Sahuquillo:  Stratus: A Hardware/Software Infrastructure for Controlled Cloud Research    
 Sezar Jarrous-Holtrup, Sergei Gorlatch, Michael Dey, and Folker Schamel:  Multi-Cloud Container Orchestration for High-Performance Real-Time Online Applications    

 11:00AM-12:30PM  AWS ACADEMY    
 Maria Fazio  
 University of Messina  

 CC2023: Compute Continuum  
 Francesco Martella, Valeria Lukaj, Maria Fazio, Antonio Celesti, and Massimo Villari:  On-Demand and Automatic Deployment of Microservice at the Edge Based on NGSI-LD    
 Gabriele Russo Russo, Valeria Cardellini, and Francesco Lo Presti:  Serverless Functions in the Cloud-Edge Continuum: Challenges and Opportunities    
 Yasir Arfat, Gianluca Mittone, Iacopo Colonnelli, Fabrizio D'Ascenzo, Roberto Esposito, and Marco Aldinucci:  Pooling critical datasets with Federated Learning    
 Loris Belcastro, Fabrizio Marozzo, Alessio Orsino, Domenico Talia, and Paolo Trunfio:  Using the Compute Continuum for Data Analysis: Edge-cloud Integration for Urban Mobility    

 12:30PM - 2:00PM  SALA WAGNER    
 Lunch  
 Buffet lunch with Italian specialties.   

 2:00PM-2:45PM  TEATRO    
     
 Alessandro Mei  
 Full Professor at Department of Computer Science at Sapienza University of Rome  

 Keynote – Frauds in the Cryptocurrency Ecosystem  
 While regulating the standard cryptocurrencies market is not easy, ruling the on-chain trading platform is harder. In this talk, we will see what are the major security challenges for investors in the cryptocurrency environment, what are the main frauds, and what we can do to build a safer eco-system... [Read more]  Chair:  Marco Danelutto, University of Pisa   

 2:45PM - 3:00PM  SALA WAGNER    
 Coffee Break  
 Italian coffee, juices and pastries.   

 3:00PM-4:30PM  TEATRO    
 Javier Garcia Blas  
 Universidad Carlos III de Madrid  

 Main Track  
 Julen Galarza, Javier Navaridas, Jose A. Pascual, Juan L Muñoz, Ibon Bustinduy, and Txomin Romero:  Parallelizing Multipacting Simulation for the Design of Particle Accelerator Components    
 Ryota Yasudo:  Bandit-based Variable Fixing for Binary Optimization on GPU Parallel Computing    
 Thomas Jakobs, Sebastian Kratzsch, and Gudula Ruenger:  Analyzing Data Reordering of a combined MPI and AVX execution of a Jacobi Method    
 Adriano Marques Garcia, Dalvan Griebler, Claudio Schepke, André Sacilotto Santos, Jose Daniel Garcia, Javier Fernandez Muñoz, and Luiz Gustavo Fernandes:  A Latency, Throughput, and Programmability Perspective of GrPPI for Streaming on Multi-cores    

 4:30PM-5:30PM  TEATRO    
 Raffaele Montella  
 University of Naples “Parthenope”  

 Awards and conclusions  

 Keynote Speakers  
 Well known industry leaders and emerging talents  

 Brendan  
   Bouffler   
 Head of Developer Relations at HPC Engineering (Amazon Web Services) 
  Angelo  
 Ciaramella   
 Full Professor - DiST (University of Naples ``Parthenope``) 
  Giuseppe  
 Coviello   
 Researcher in Integrated Systems (NEC Labs America) 
  Pasqua  
 D'Ambra   
 Research Director (National Research Council) 
  Jorge  
 Ejarque Artigas   
 Senior Research Engineer (Barcelona Supercomputing Center) 
  Alessandro  
 Mei   
 Full Professor - Department of Computer Science (Sapienza University of Rome) 

 Special Sessions  
 The following Special Sessions will be part of PDP 2023  
   
 HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING IN MODELLING AND SIMULATION     
   
 HPCMS intent is to offer an opportunity to express and confront views on trends, challenges, and state-of-the art in diverse application fields, such as engineering, physics, chemistry, biology, geology, medicine, ecology, sociology, traffic control, economy, etc.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 High-performance computing in computational science: intra-disciplinary and multi-disciplinary research applications; 
  Complex systems modeling and simulation; 
  Cellular Automata, Genetic Algorithms, Neural networks, Swarm Intelligence implementations; 
  Integrated approach to optimization and simulation; 
  MPI, OpenMP, GPGPU applications in Computational Science; 
  Optimization algorithms, modelling techniques related to optimization in Computational Science; 
  High-performance Software developed to solve science (e.g., biological, physical, and social), engineering, medicine, and humanities problems; 
  Hardware approaches of high performance computing in modeling and simulation. 
    
 As for previous editions, organizers of the HPCMS session are planning a Special Issue of an important international ISI Journal, based on distinguished papers that will be accepted for the session. For instance, a selected number of papers of the past workshop editions have been published on the ISI Journals “Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing”, “International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications” and “Concurrency and Computation: Practice and Experience”  
 Chairs:   
 William Spataro (University of Calabria), spataro@unical.it 
  Giuseppe A. Trunfio (University of Sassari), | trunfio@uniss.it 
  Donato D’Ambrosio (University of Calabria), d.dambrosio@unical.it 
  Rocco Rongo (University of Calabria), rongo@unical.it 
  Andrea Giordano, ICAR-CNR, Italy, | giordano@icar.cnr.it. 
   
 Program Committee   
 Angelos Amanatiadis (Democritus University of Thrace) aamanat@pme.duth.gr 
  Gladys Utrera (Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya), | gutrera@ac.upc.edu 
  Pawel Topa (AGH University of Science and Technology), | topa@agh.edu.pl 
  Gianluigi Folino (ICAR-CNR), | gianluigi.folino@icar.cnr.it 
  Louis D’Alotto (York College/CUNY), ldalotto@york.cuny.edu 
  Antonios Gasteratos (Democritus University of Thrace), agaster@pme.duth.gr 
  Ioakeim Georgoudas (Democritus University of Thrace), igeorg@ee.duth.gr 
  Marco Beccutti (University of Torino),  beccuti@di.unito.it 
  Rolf Hoffmann (Darmstadt University), | hoffmann@ra.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de 
  Ioannis Karafyllidis (Democritus University of Thrace), ykar@ee.duth.gr 
  Yaroslav Sergeyev (University of Calabria), yaro@dimes.unical.it 
  Maria Vittoria Avolio | (University of Calabria), | avoliomv@unical.it 
  Antisthenis Tsompanas (University of the West of England), | antisthenis.tsompanas@uwe.ac.uk 
  Georgios Sirakoulis (Democritus University of Thrace), | gsirak@ee.duth.gr 
  Marco Villani (University of Modena and Reggio Emilia), | marco.villani@unimore.it 
  Jaroslaw Was (AGH University of Science and Technology), | jarek@agh.edu.pl 
  Davide Spataro (Degiro, The Netherlands), davide90.spataro@gmail.com 
  Massimo Cafaro (University of Salento), | massimo.cafaro@unisalento.it 
  Giuseppe Agapito (University Magna Graecia of Catanzaro), | agapito@unicz.it 
  Mario Cannataro (University Magna Graecia of Catanzaro), | cannataro@unicz.it 
  Gihan R. Mudalige (University of Warwick), | g.mudalige@warwick.ac.uk 
  Alessio De Rango (University of Calabria), | alessio.derango@unical.it 

 SCALABLE ALGORITHMS, LIBRARIES AND TOOLS FOR COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING ON NEW HETEROGENEOUS HPC SYSTEMS     
   
 Heterogeneity is emerging as one of the main characteristics of today’s and future HPC environments where different node organizations, memory hierarchies, and kinds of exotic accelerators are increasingly present. It pervades the entire spectrum of Computing Continuum, ranging from large Cloud infrastructures and Datacenter up to the Internet of Things and Edge Computing environments, aimed at making available in a transparent and friendly way the multitude of low-power and heterogeneous HPC resources available everywhere around us. In this context, for Computational Science and Machine Learning, it is essential to leverage efficient and highly scalable libraries and tools capable of exploiting such modern heterogeneous computers. These systems are typically characterized by very different software environments, which require a new level of flexibility in the algorithms and methods used to achieve an adequate level of performance, with growing attention to energy consumption. This conference Special Session aims to provide a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss recent advances in parallel methods and algorithms and their implementations on current and future heterogeneous HPC architectures. We solicit research works that address algorithmic design, implementation techniques, performance analysis, integration of parallel numerical methods in science and engineering applications, energy-aware techniques, and theoretical models that efficiently solve problems on heterogeneous platforms.  
 We focus on papers covering various topics of interest that include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Tools and programming environments support different forms of parallelism. 
  Heterogeneous algorithms for dense and sparse numerical linear algebra 
  Heterogeneous algorithms for optimization and non-linear problems 
  Applications of heterogeneous numerical algorithms in science and engineering 
  Analysis methods for large data sets 
  Multi/Many-cores and GPU tools for the parallel solution of large-scale problems 
  Performance and scalability models 
  Energy-aware algorithms 
  Auto-tuning techniques for heterogeneous and parallel environments 
  Multi-level cache management 
  Task scheduling and load balancing among heterogeneous computing elements 
  HPC on low-power devices 
  Integration of Cloud/Fog/Edge computing techniques and tools 
  Chairs:  
   
 Marco Lapegna (University of Naples “Federico II”), marco.lapegna@unina.it 
  Salvatore Cuomo (University of Naples “Federico II”), salvatore.cuomo@unina.it 
  Francesco Piccialli (University of Naples “Federico II”), francesco.piccialli@unina.it 
  Programme Committee:  
 Roman Wyrzykowski (Czestochowa University of Technology), | roman@icis.pcz.pl 
  Lukas Szustak (Czestochowa University of Technology), | lszustak@icis.pcz.pl 
  Diego Romano (National Research Council), | diego.romano@cnr.it 
  Raffaele Montella (University of Napoli “Parthenope”), raffaele.montella@uniparthenope.it 
  Valeria Mele (University of Naples Federico II), | valeria.mele@unina.it 
  Abdolsadeh Neisy (Allameh Tabatabai University Tehran), | a_neisy@atu.ac.ir 
  Fabio Giampaolo (University of Naples Federico II), | fabio.giampaolo@unina.it 
  Edoardo Prezioso (University of Naples Federico II), edoardo.prezioso@unina.it 
  Giuliano Laccetti (University of Naples Federico II), giuliano.laccetti@unina.it 
  Fabio Giampaolo (University of Naples Federico II), fabio.giampaolo@unina.it 
  Abdolsadeh Neisy (Allameh Tabataba’i University), a_neisy@atu.ac.ir 

 CLOUD COMPUTING ON INFRASTRUCTURE AS A SERVICE AND ITS APPLICATIONS     
   
 Cloud Computing covers a broad range of distributed computing principles from infrastructure (e.g distributed storage, reconfigurable networks) to new programming platforms (e.g MS Azure, Google Appe Engine), and internet-based applications. Particularly, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Cloud systems allow the dynamic creation, destruction and management of virtual machines (VMs) as part of virtual computing infrastructures. IaaS Clouds provide a high-level of abstraction to the end user, one that allows the creation of on-demand services through a pay as you go infrastructure combined with elasticity. The increasingly large range of choices and availability of IaaS toolkits has also allowed creation of cloud solutions and frameworks even suitable for private deployment and practical IaaS use on smaller scales.  
 This special session on Cloud Computing is intended to be a forum for the exchange of ideas and experiences on the use of Cloud Computing technologies and applications with compute and data intensive workloads. The special session also aims at presenting the challenges and opportunities offered by the development of open-source Cloud Computing solutions, as well as case studies in applications of Cloud Computing.  
 Authors are invited to submit original and unpublished research in the areas of Cloud Computing, Fog/Edge, Serverless and Distributed Computing. With the rapid evolution of newly emerging technologies, this session also aims to provide a forum for novel methods and case studies on the integrated use of clouds, fogs, Internet of Things (IoT) and Blockchain systems. The general venue will be a good occasion to share, learn, and discuss the latest results in these research fields. The special session program will include presentations of peer-reviewed papers.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Cloud Computing for scientific, compute and/or data intensive applications; 
  Virtual Machine scheduling and management algorithms; 
  Operational challenges, federative and interoperability aspects of IaaS systems; 
  Virtual machine/container image and virtual appliance storage management (e.g., caching, repositories, marketplaces); 
  Virtualization and container technologies and their effects on IaaS solutions; 
  Programming models, tools, orchestration techniques, applications, and workflows involving Cloud and IoT systems; 
  Cloud, Edge and Fog services for the Internet of Things; 
  Cloud, Edge, and Fog services for enhanced Blockchain infrastructures; 
  Performance evaluation, modelling, simulation, and prediction of integrated cloud, fog, blockchain and IoT systems; 
  Scalability issues of IoT-Fog-Cloud systems; 
  Security and Privacy aspects of data management in clouds, fogs, blockchain and IoT systems. 
    
 Chairs:  
 Gabor Kecskemeti (University of Miskolc), | g.kecskemeti@ljmu.ac.uk 
  Attila Kertesz (University of Szeged), | keratt@inf.u-szeged.hu 
  Programme Committee:  
 Sasko Ristov ( | University of Innsbruck), sashko.ristov@uibk.ac.at 
  Radu Prodan ( | University of Klagenfurt), | radu.prodan@aau.at 
  Tamas Pflanzner (University of Szeged), | tamas.pflanzner@inf.u-szeged.hu 
  Paolo Bientinesi (University Umea), | pauldj@cs.umu.se 
  Vincent Chimaobi Emeakaroha (Cork Institute of Technology), | vincent.emeakaroha@cit.ie 
  József Kovács (MTA SZTAKI), j | ozsef.kovacs@sztaki.hu 
  Posco Fung Po Tso (Loughborough University), posco.tso@gmail.com 
  Valeria Cardellini (University of Roma “Tor Vergata”), cardellini@ing.uniroma2.it 
  Ivan Rodero (University of Utah), ivan.rodero@utah.edu 

 COMPUTE CONTINUUM     
   
 Recently, we are witnessing the growth of Internet-connected devices processing at an incredible pace. Devices that need to be “always-on” for accessing data and services through the network. This massive set of devices generates a lot of pressure on the computing infrastructure that is called to serve their requests. This is particularly critical when focusing on the so-called next-generation applications (NextGen), i.e., those applications characterized by stringent requirements in terms of latency, data, privacy, and network bandwidth. Such a “pressure” stimulates the evolution of classical Cloud computing platforms towards a large-scale distributed computing infrastructure of heterogeneous devices, forming a continuum from the Cloud to the Edge of the network.  
 This complex environment is determining a paradigm switch in the organization of computing infrastructures, moving from “mostly-centralized” to “mostly-decentralized” installments. Rather than relying on a traditional data center compute model, the notion of a compute continuum is gaining momentum, exploiting the right computational resources at optimal processing points in the system.  
 In the traditional cloud model, enterprise data is directed straight to the cloud for processing, where most of the heavy compute intelligence is located. But, in the transformative data-driven era we live in, this is increasingly not a viable long-term economic model due to the volume of data and a new emphasis on security, safety, privacy, latency, and reliability.  
 Today, data insights drive near real-time decisions directly affecting the operation of factories, cities, transportation, buildings, and homes. To cope, computing must be fast, efficient, and secure, which generally means putting more compute firepower closer to the data source. It builds the case for more on-device endpoint computing, more localized computing with a new breed of network and private edge servers, and sensible choices over which workloads need to remain in cloud data centers.  
 The cradle of this special session has been the focus group on the compute continuum that is part of the Italian National Laboratory on “High-Performance Computing: Key Technologies and Tools”, from which this initiative stems. Starting there, the special session aims to bring together experts from academia and industry to identify new challenges for the management of resources in cloud-edge infrastructures and promote this vision to academia and industry stakeholders.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 (near-) real-time service management across the compute continuum application models for next-generation continuum-based applications 
  continuum services allocation and orchestration 
  trusted and federated Cloud-Fog-Edge-IoT infrastructures 
  efficient data management and interoperable systems in the compute continuum 
  Mobile Edge Computing 
  Machine Learning for energy saving, scalability and performance improvements targeting the compute continuum 
  efficient simulation of large-scale compute continuum systems 
  domain-specific semantics and languages for the Compute Continuum 
  Chairs:  
 Raffaele Montella (University of Napoli “Parthenope”), raffaele.montella@uniparthenope.it 
  Maria Fazio (University of Messina), maria.fazio@unime.it 
  Patrizio Dazzi (University of Pisa), | patrizio.dazzi@unipi.it 
  Marco Danelutto ( | University of Pisa), | marco.danelutto@unipi.it 
  Programme Committee:  
 Marco Aldinucci (University of Turin), | marco.aldinucci@unito.it 
  Jörn Altmann (Seoul National University), jorn.altmann@acm.org 
  Valeria Cardellini (University of Rome Tor Vergata), | cardellini@ing.uniroma2.it 
  Emanuele Carlini (ISTI-CNR), | emanuele.carlini@isti.cnr.it 
  Diana Di Luccio (University of Napoli “Parthenope”), | diana.diluccio@uniparthenope.it 
  Beniamino Di Martino (University of Campania), beniamino.dimartino@unicampania.it 
  Karim Djemame (University of Leeds), | k .djemame@leeds.ac.uk 
  Valeria Lukaj (University of Messina), | valeria.lukaj@unime.it 
  Francesco Martella (University of Messina), | fmartella@unime.it 
  Matteo Mordacchini (IIT-CNR), matteo.mordacchini@iit.cnr.it 
  Marcelo Pasin (University of Neuchâtel), marcelo.pasin@unine.it 
  Luiz Angelo Steffenel (Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne), | luiz-angelo.steffenel@univ-reims.fr 
  Domenico Talia (University of Calabria), | talia@dimes.unical.it 
  Massimo Torquati (University of Pisa), | torquati@di.unipi.it 
  Konstantinos Tserpes (Harokopio University of Athens), | tserpes@hua.gr 
  José Luis Vázquez-Poletti (Universidad Complutense de Madrid), | jlvazquez@fdi.ucm.es 
  John Violos (National Technical University of Athens), | violos@mail.ntua.gr 
  Antonio Virdis (University of Pisa), | antonio.virdis@unipi.it 

 WORKSHOP - BIG DATA CONVERGENCE: FROM SENSORS TO APPLICATIONS     
   
 Abstract  
   The global information technology ecosystem is currently in transition to a new generation of applications, which require intensive systems of acquisition, processing, and data storage, both at the sensor and the computer level. The new scientific applications, more complex, and the increasing availability of data generated by high resolution scientific instruments in domains as diverse as climate, energy, biomedicine, etc., require the synergies between high performance computing (HPC) and large-scale data analysis (Big Data). Today, the HPC world demands Big Data world techniques, while intensive data analysis requires HPC solutions. However, the tools and cultures of HPC and Big Data have diverged because HPC has traditionally focused on strongly coupled intensive computing problems, while Big Data has been geared towards data analysis in highly scalable applications.   
  
 The  overall goal of this workshop  is to create a scientific discussion forum to exchange techniques and experiences to improve the integration of the HPC and Big Data paradigms, providing a convenient way to create software and adapt existing hardware and software intensive in computing and data on an HPC platform. Thus,  this workshop aims at bringing together developers of IoT/edge/Fog/HPC applications with researchers in the field of distributed IT systems  . It addresses researchers who are already employing distributed infrastructure techniques in IoT applications, as well as computer scientists working on the field of distributed systems interested in bringing new developments into the Big Data convergence area.   
 The workshop will provide the opportunity to assess technology roadmaps to support IoT data collection, Data Analytics, and HPC at scale, and to share users’ experiences.   
 A sample of the interest of our proposal is the existence in Europe of a working group for the convergence between HPC and Big Data supported by ETP4HPC and BDVA, led by Prof. María S. Pérez and with the cooperation of several research groups in this proposal. In addition, Prof. Jesús Carretero collaborates in the preparation of the strategic research agenda of the European platform ETP4HPC in the line of data-intensive applications and Dr. Rafael Mayo-García coordinates the European Energy Research Alliance (EERA) transversal Joint Programme ‘Digitalisation for energy’ where convergence research on HPC and Data Science is developed.   
  
 Target audience – why and to whom the workshop is of interest   
 The workshop addresses an audience with two profiles.   
 On the one hand, it attracts researchers who are already employing distributed infrastructure techniques to implement IoT/edge/Fog/Cloud/HPC solutions, in particular scientists who are developing data- and compute-intensive Big Data applications that include IoT data, large-scale IoT networks, and deployments, or complex analysis and machine learning pipelines to exploit the data. On the other hand, it attracts computer scientists working in the field of distributed systems interested in bringing new developments into the convergence of Big Data and HPC solutions.   
  
 Topics of interests   
 Contributions are expected but not restricted to the following topics:   
 Design of architectural frameworks for the integration of HPC and Big Data environments. 
  High Performance Computing Platform for Big Data 
  Architecture modeling and simulation methodologies. 
  Processor, memory, and storage systems architecture. 
  Architecture for emerging technologies including machine learning. 
  IoT/mobile/embedded architecture 
  Exploitation of parallelism at the node level and accelerators. 
  Management and capture of massive data integrating large scale heterogeneous systems and computation in the sensors. 
  Development of global energy efficiency mechanisms at the local and global levels. 
  Energy efficient computing for Big Data 
  Use cases for capturing and modeling sensor data and for processing massive IoT data. 
  Applications in the IoT/Edge/fog ecosystem. 
  Data-driven workflows 
   
 Organization   
 Workshop Chairs   
 Katzalin Olcoz (Universidad Complutense de Madrid), katzalin@ucm.es    
 Katzalin Olcoz is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Architecture and System Engineering of the Complutense University of Madrid (Spain) since 2000. Within the computer architecture group of the Complutense University, she has been involved in several projects in the field of computer architecture and design automation from high-level specifications, since 1992. Her current research interests focus on high performance computing, heterogeneous computing, energy efficiency and virtualization. She is Associate Editor of IEEE Trans. on CAD and IEEE Trans. on Emerging Topics in Computing. She has been in the Program Committee of several international conferences such as ICS, PDP, ICCAD, VLSID and ISLPED.   
  
 Jesus Carretero (University Carlos III of Madrid),  jesus.carretero@uc3m.es   
 Jesus Carretero is a Full Professor of Computer Architecture and Technology at Universidad Carlos III de Madrid (Spain), since 2002. His research activity is centered on high-performance computing systems, large-scale distributed systems and real-time systems applied to data management with application to biomedicine, image processing and COVID-19 pandemic simulation. He is currently involved in coordinating the EuroHPOC project ADMIRE. He was Action Chair of the IC1305 COST Action “Network for Sustainable Ultrascale Computing Systems (NESUS)”. He organized CCGRID 2017 in Madrid and has been General chair of HPCC 2011, MUE 2012, ISPA 2016. Currently he is applications track vice-chair in Supercomputing conference. Prof. Carretero is a senior member of the IEEE Computer Society.   
 Program Committee   
 María de los Santos Pérez (Universidad Politécnica de Madrid), maria.s.perez@upm.es 
  Rafael Mayo-García (CIEMAT), rafael.mayo@ciemat.es 
  Javier Garcia Blas (University Carlos III of Madrid), fjblas@inf.uc3m.es 
  Felix García Carballeira (University Carlos III of Madrid), felix.garcia@ uc3m.es 
  Manuel Prieto-Matias (Universidad Complutense de Madrid), mpmatias@ucm.es 

 Workshop format   
 We aim at a half-day workshop.   
 We plan a combination of oral presentations, short talks about related topics from the main PDP conference, and a closing panel discussion.   
 We plan to host about 6 talks oral presentations, 20 minutes per talk, and 10 minutes for questions and discussion. Talks selection will be based on the interest of the talk and the relation with the workshop.   
 In addition to the selected talks, the workshop will also feature a keynote and invited short talks from the main PDP track with the goal of extending the scope of our workshop.   
 A final panel discussion will summarize the workshop and propose joint next steps to progress in Big Data–HPC convergence research in Supercomputers and large-scale distributed IT systems.   
 Attendance estimated is between 10 and 20 participants.   
 Publicity Plan   
 The website will be hosted by the CABAHLA-CM project website (cabahla.org).   
 The workshop will be advertised in an open call within the diverse networks of the workshop chairs and program committee, including local and international community networks. Advertisement includes announcements on the community’s, institution’s, personal websites, and email lists.   
 Background   
 This workshop proposal is a result of the work made at the CABAHLA-CM project (cabahla.org), a successful project that brings together four research groups, with vast experience in HPC and data-intensive systems, which has a strong national and international presence.   
 This Project has been funded by the Comunidad de Madrid (Madrid Regional government) under the grant (S2018/TCS4423).   

 TUTORIAL - FlexMPI: Malleability Techniques and Applications in High-Performance Computing (E4 & ADMIRE)     

 The current static usage model of HPC systems is becoming increasingly inefficient. This is driven by the continuously growing complexity and heterogeneity of system architectures, in combination with the increased usage of coupled applications, the need for strong scaling with extreme scale parallelism, and the increasing reliance on complex and dynamic workflows. As a consequence, we see a rise in research on malleable systems, middleware software and applications, which can adjust resource usage dynamically in order to extract a maximum of efficiency.   
 Malleability allows systems to dynamically adjust the computation and storage needs of applications, on the one side, and the global system on the other. Such malleable systems, however, face a series of fundamental research challenges, including: who initiates changes in resource availability or usage? How is it communicated? How to compute the optimal usage? How can applications cope with dynamically changing resources? What should malleable programming models and abstractions look like? How to design resource management frameworks for malleable systems? What should be the API for applications?   
 This tutorial will provide an in-depth presentation of emerging software designs to achieve malleability in high-performance computing, high-level parallel programming models, and programmability techniques to improve applications’ malleability. The main part of the tutorial will be devoted to showing and demonstrating FlexMPI, a framework for HPC malleability, and Limitless, an HPC monitoring system to get information from applications and systems and the usage of AI and ML techniques to steer malleability in systems and applications. Finally, we will show how to apply the solutions presented to two use cases: Wacom++ and Nek5000.   
 Outline   
 1. System and system architecture considerations in designing malleable architectures.  
 2. Emerging software designs to achieve malleability in high-performance computing.  
 3. High-level parallel programming models and programmability techniques to improve applications’ malleability.  
 4.- FlexMPI framework for HPC malleability.  
 5. Limitless: Getting information from applications and systems.  
 6. Use of AI and ML techniques to steer malleability in systems and applications.  
 7. Experiences and use cases applying malleability to HPC applications: Wacom++ and Nek5000  
   Materials    
 FlexMPI platform. https://gitlab.arcos.inf.uc3m.es/desingh/FlexMPI 
  LIMITLESS monitoring tool. https://www.arcos.inf.uc3m.es/limitless/ 
  Length    
 3 hours   
 Target audience    
 Programmers of HPC applications 
  HPC system administrators 
  Researchers on HPC optimization 
  Students interested in parallel and distributed programming 
  Presenters:  
 Jesús Carretero (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid), | jesus.carretero@uc3m.es 
  Alberto Cascajo (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid), | alberto.cascajo@uc3m.es 
  David Expósito-Singh (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid), | david.exposito@uc3m.es 
  Raffaele Montella (University of Napoli “Parthenope”), raffaele.montella@uniparthenope.it 
  Jesus Carretero  is a Full Professor of Computer Architecture and Technology at Universidad Carlos III de Madrid (Spain), where he is responsible for that knowledge area since 2000 and leader of the Computer Architecture Research Group (ARCOS). He got a PhD in Informatics by Universidad Politécnica de Madrid in 1995. He also serves as Coordinator of the Informatics area for Agencia Española de Investigación since 2020. His research activity is centered on high-performance computing systems, large-scale distributed systems, data-intensive computing, IoT and real-time systems. He is currently coordinating the EuroHPC project ADMIRE, “Adaptive multi-tier intelligent data manager for Exascale”, aiming towards ad-hoc malleable storage systems. He was also Action Chair of the IC1305 COST Action “Network for Sustainable Ultrascale Computing Systems (NESUS)”. He has also participated in the H2020 ASPIDE project and in the FP7 program REPARA. He has participated and leaded several national and international research projects in these areas, founded by Madrid Regional Government, Spanish Education Ministry, and the European Union. He is associated editor of TPDS, ACM CS, and FGCS journals. He has been General chair of CCGRID 2017,   
 IC3PP2016, or HPCC 2011, and Program Chair of ISPA 2012, EuroMPI 2013, C4Bio 2014, and ESAA 2014, and Applications track vice-chair of SC22.   

 Committee  
 Many people worldwide are working together to PDP 2023.  
   
 ORGANIZERS     
   
 General Chairs:   
 Raffaele Montella, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | raffaele.montella@uniparthenope.it 
  Angelo Ciaramella, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | angelo.ciaramella@uniparthenope.it 
  Marco Lapegna, University of Naples “Federico II”, Italy, | marco.lapegna@unina.it 
  Dora Blanco Heras, Universidad de Santiago de Compostela, Spain, | dora.blanco@usc.es 
   
 Financial Chair:   
 Amund Skavhaug, MTP NTNU, Norway, | amund.skavhaug@ntnu.no 
   
 Industrial Chairs:   
 Giuseppe Coviello, NEC Laboratories of America, USA, | giuseppe.coviello@nec-labs.com 
  Brendan Boufler, AWS HPC Europe, UK, | bouffler@amazon.com 
   
 Program Co-chairs:   
 Raffaele Montella, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | raffaele.montella@uniparthenope.it 
  Massimo Torquati, University of Pisa, Italy, | torquati@di.unipi.it 
  Diego Romano, ICAR-CNR, Italy, | diego.romano@icar.cnr.it 
  Sokol Kosta, Aalborg University, Denmark, | sok@es.aau.dk 
  Jorge Ejarque, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain | jorge.ejarque@bsc.es 
  Alessandro Mei, Sapienza University of Rome, Italy | alessandro.mei@uniroma1.it 
  Massimo Villari, University of Messina, Italy, | massimo.villari@unime.it 
   
 Proceedings Co-chairs:   
 Raffaele Montella, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | raffaele.montella@uniparthenope.it 
  Javier Garcia Blas, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain | fjblas@inf.uc3m.es 
  D | aniele D’Agostino, University of Genova, Italy, | daniele.dagostino@unige.it 
   
 Publicity Chairs:   
 Gloria Ortega Lopez, University of Almeria, Spain, | gloriaortega@ual.es 
  Mariacarla Staffa, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | mariacarla.staffa@uniparthenope.it 
  Federica Izzo, University of Naples “Suor Orsola Benincasa”, Italy, | federica.izzo@studenti.unisob.na.it 
   
 Local arrangements Co-chairs:   
 Diana Di Luccio, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | diana.diluccio@uniparthenope.it 
  Ciro Giuseppe De Vita, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | cirogiuseppe.devita001@studenti.uniparthenope.it 
  Gennaro Mellone, University of Naples “Parthenope”, Italy, | gennaro.mellone1@studenti.uniparthenope.it 

 PROGRAMME COMMITTEE     
   
 Iacopo Colonnelli (University of Torino), | iacopo.colonnelli@unito.it 
  Antonella Galizia (IMATI-CNR), | antonella.galizia@ge.imati.cnr.it 
  Christian Engelmann (Oak Ridge National Laboratory), | engelmannc@ornl.gov 
  Christoph Kessler (Linköping University), | christoph.kessler@liu.se 
  Dalvan Griebler (PUCRS/SETREM), | dalvangriebler@gmail.com 
  Damian Dechev (University of Central Florida), | dechev@cs.ucf.edu 
  Daniele D’Agostino (CNR-IMATI), | daniele.dagostino@cnr.it 
  Daniele De Sensi (ETH Zürich), | desensi@di.uniroma1.it 
  Daniele Tessera (Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore), | daniele.tessera@unicatt.it 
  Dante Domizzi Sanchez Gallegos (CINVESTAV– Tamaulipas), | ddomizzisag@gmail.com 
  David E. Singh (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid), | dexposit@inf.uc3m.es 
  Fabrizio Marozzo (DIMES, University of Calabria), | fmarozzo@dimes.unical.it 
  Felix Garcia-Carballeira (University Carlos III of Madrid), | felix.garcia@uc3m.es 
  Fernando Castro (Universidad Complutense de Madrid), | fcastror@fis.ucm.es 
  Francesco Leporati (University of Pavia), | francesco.leporati@unipv.it 
  Gabriele Jost (NASA Ames Research Center/CSRA), | gabriele.jost@nasa.gov 
  Gabriele Mencagli (University of Pisa), | gabriele.mencagli@unipi.it 
  Giulio Giunta (University of Naples “Parthenope”), | giulio.giunta@uniparthenope.it 
  Håkan Grahn (Blekinge Institute of Technology), | hakan.grahn@bth.se 
  Hideharu Amano (Keio University), | hunga@am.ics.keio.ac.jp 
  Horacio Gonzalez-Velez (National College of Ireland), | horacio.gonzalez-velez@ncirl.ie 
  Javier Cuenca (University of Murcia), | jcuenca@um.es 
  Jing Gong (Uppsala University), | jing.gong@it.uu.se 
  Jin Park (California State University, Fresno), | jpark@csufresno.edu 
  José M. Cecilia (Universitat Politècnica de València), | jmcecilia@disca.upv.es 
  Juan Carlos Saez Alcaide (Universidad Complutense de Madrid), | jcsaezal@fdi.ucm.es 
  Katzalin Olcoz (Universidad Complutense de Madrid), | katzalin@dacya.ucm.es 
  Kostis Sagonas (Uppsala University), | konstantinos.sagonas@it.uu.se 
  Iacopo Colonnelli (Università di Torino), | iacopo.colonnelli@unito.it 
  Leonel Sousa (Universidade de Lisboa), | las@inesc-id.pt 
  Luisa Massari (University of Pavia), | luisa.massari@unipv.it 
  Manuel F. Dolz (Univeristat Jaume I), | dolzm@uji.es 
  M | arco Aldinucci (University of Torino), | marco.aldinucci@unito.it 
  Maria Fazio | (University of Messina), | mfazio@unime.it 
  M | assimo Canonico (University of Piemonte Orientale), | massimo.canonico@uniupo.it 
  Mats Brorsson (University of Luxembourg), | mats.brorsson@uni.lu 
  Miaoqing Huang (University of Arkansas), | mqhuang@uark.edu 
  Mihail Popov (INRIA), | mihail.popov@inria.fr 
  Pasqua D’Ambra (IAC-CNR), | pasqua.dambra@na.icar.cnr.it 
  Radu Prodan (University of Klagenfurt), | radu.prodan@itec.aau.at 
  Stefano Markidis (KTH Royal Institute of Technology), | markidis@kth.se 
  Tomas Nordström (Umeå University), | tomas.nordstrom@umu.se 
  Volodymyr Turchenko (Nuralogix Corporation), | vladturchenko@nuralogix.ai 
  William Spataro (University of Calabria), | spataro@unical.it 

 Pre-register now from €430. Join us in Naples on 1-3 March  and be part of change  
 Schedule  Registration    

 Conference Venue  
 Location that you'll be looking for  

 The conference is hosted at Villa Doria d'Angri, a monumental manor part of the Università degli Studi di Napoli "Parthenope".  

 Get Directions:  
 Enter Destination From input field below to get directions to our event location  
 Destination From  
  Destination To  

 Venue  
 Villa Doria d’Angri   
 Via Francesco Petrarca 80, Naples, 80123, Italy  
   
 Transport  
 The most convenient way to reach our venue is by taxi or car. Bus line C21 connects Mergellina railway station to Villa Doria d’Angri.  
   
 Parking  
 Parking for conference attendees is availabele in Villa Doria d’Angri.  
   
 Accommodation  
 If you want to stay near the conference venue, here is a list of suggested accommodations. Please, check room availability on the hotels’ website:  
 Casa Vittoria | (Please, book using the email/contact page notifying you are a PDP2023 participant) 
  Oasi Relax Manzoni by HHN 
  Mergellina Resort 
  Caracciolo Napoli BeB 
  Hotel Ausonia 
  Hotel Mergellina 
  Hotel Royal Continental 
  Vista Mare B&B 
  Bed&Breakfast Rivalta – Posillipo 
  Napoli d’Amare B&B 
  50 SUITE B&B 
  Suite 52 
  B&B Lungomare 
  LUX B&B – Posillipo 
  Hotel Exe Majestic 
  Grand Hotel Vesuvio 
  Eurostars Hotel Excelsior 
    
 Contact us  
 Local Chair:  Raffaele Montella   
 Email:  raffaele.montella@uniparthenope.it    
 Ph:  +390815476672    

 Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue 
  Venue  
 25 April, 2016 
  Venue 

 Sponsors & Supporters  
 A huge thanks to all our amazing partners. We couldn’t have a conference without you!  

 Interested in becoming a sponsor?  

 Request Now     

 Join Our Community  
 Feel free to reach out to us via our social profiles