Home 
  Call For Papers 
  Organization | Organizing Committee  PC members 
  Keynote 
  Program 
  Camera-ready Submission 
  Registration 
  Past PKAW | PKAW 2022  PKAW 2021  PKAW 2019  PKAW 2018  PKAW 2016  PKAW 2014  PKAW 2012 
  PRICAI 2023 

 Loading...    
 Loading...    
 Loading...    
 Loading...    
 Loading...    

    2023 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop  
 Jakarta, Indonesia  
 15-16 November 2023  

  Previous    Next     
   The proceedings of PKAW 2023 have been released on Springer. Free access has been granted until 15 December 2023 if you click the below link.  
  https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-981-99-7855-7   

 News  
 (16 October)  The program for PKAW 2023  has been released.  
  (07 September) The instruction for submitting Camera-ready paper  has been released.  
  (24 August) Registration  information has been released!  
  (07 August) For authors whose papers are rejected by PRICAI 2023, please re-submit to PKAW 2023 through the submission link  ASAP. The submission link is open until 20 August  .  
  (31 July) Following extensive discussion with the organizing committee of PRICAI 2023, we are thrilled to announce the registration fee is reduced. Hence, the submission date has been extended to 3 August 2023  .  
  (17 July) The submission date has been extended to 31 July 2023  !  
  (11 May) Program Committee Members  has been released.  
  (05 May) We have confirmed that the proceedings of PKAW 2023 will be published by Springer as a volume of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series.  
  (01 April) " Call for Papers  has been released.  

 Welcome to PKAW 2023  
 Welcome to the 2023 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop (PKAW). In the past, the workshops have been held in Guilin (2006), Hanoi (2008), Daegu (2010), Kuching (2012), Gold Coast (2014), Phuket (2016), Nanjing (2018), Fiji (2019), Yokohama (2020, online), and Shanghai (2022, hybrid). PKAW 2023 will be collocated with the 20th Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (PRICAI 2023) and held virtually in Jakarta, Indonesia in November 2023.  
 PKAW has provided a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss the state-of-the-art in the areas of knowledge acquisition and machine intelligence (MI, also Artificial Intelligence, AI). PKAW2023 will continue the above focus and welcome the contributions to the multi-disciplinary approach of human and big data-driven knowledge acquisition and AI techniques and applications.  
 AI is changing the way in which organizations innovate and communicate their processes, products and services. Also, in our daily life, AI-embedded devices such as smart speakers are about to become widely used, which extends the possibility of acquiring knowledge from users’ behavior observed through the interaction between those devices and their users. Knowledge acquisition and learning from big data are becoming more challenging than ever. Various knowledge can be acquired not only from human experts but also from heterogeneous data. Multidisciplinary research, including knowledge engineering, artificial intelligence and machine learning, human-computer interaction, etc., is required to meet the challenge. We invite authors to submit papers on all aspects of these areas.  
 Furthermore, not only in the engineering field but also in the social science field (e.g., economics social networks, and sociology), recent progress in knowledge acquisition and data engineering techniques is realizing interesting applications. We also invite submissions that present applications tested and deployed in real-life settings and lessons learned during this process.  
 Proceedings of PKAW 2023 will be published by Springer as a volume of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series.  For more details, please visit here  .  

 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission   
  03 August 2023  
    
 Acceptance Notification   
  08 September 2023   
 Camera-Ready Submission   
  15 September 2023   
 Workshop Date   
  15-16 November 2023   
 All deadlines are at the end of the day specified, anywhere on Earth (UTC-12).   

 Flyer  
  Please download the Flyer of PKAW 2023. [ Download  ]   

 Supporting Organizations  

 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 PKAW (Principle and Practice of Data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop) was established in 1980s as an integral part of PRICAI (Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence). PKAW 2023 will be held virtually  at the 20th Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (PRICAI 2023)  in Jakarta, Indonesia. A wide range of topics related to knowledge acquisition and representation are greatly welcome.  
 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission: | 3 August 2023 
  Notification: | 31 August 2023 
  Camera-Ready Submission: | 7 September 2023 
  Workshop Date: | 15 November 2023 
  All deadlines are at the end of the day specified, anywhere on Earth (UTC-12). Areas of Interest  
 All aspects of AI, machine learning, knowledge acquisition, data engineering and management for intelligent systems including (but not restricted to): Knowledge Acquisition 
  Fundamental views on knowledge that affect the knowledge acquisition process and the use of knowledge in knowledge engineering 
  Algorithmic approaches to knowledge acquisition 
  Tools and techniques for knowledge acquisition, knowledge maintenance and knowledge validation 
  Evaluation of knowledge acquisition techniques, tools and methods. 
  Ontology and its role in knowledge acquisition 
  Knowledge acquisition applications tested and deployed in real-life settings 
  Knowledge Representation and Discovering 
  Knowledge representation learning 
  Temporal knowledge graph 
  Data linkage 
  Data analytics and mining 
  Big data acquisition and analysis 
  Machine learning/deep learning 
  Semantic Web, the Linked Data and the Web of Data 
    
 Responsible Data/Knowledge Management and System 
  Transparency, explainability, trust, and accountability 
  Privacy and security 
  Other ethical concerns 
  Knowledge-aware Application 
  Question answering 
  Recommendation system 
  Domain-related application 
  Human-centric Knowledge Engineering 
  Human-machine collaboration, integration, interaction, delegation, dialog 
  Hybrid approaches combining knowledge engineering and machine learning 
  Other Topics 
  Experience and Lesson learned 
  Reproducibility and negative results of knowledge engineering 
  Innovative user interfaces 
  Crowd-sourcing for data generation and problem solving 

 Paper Submission  
 PKAW will not accept any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review for, has already been published in, or has already been accepted for publication in, a journal or another venue with formally published proceedings. If part of the work has been previously published, authors are strongly encouraged to cite and compare/contrast the new contributions with the parts that were already published before. The paper must substantially extend the previously published work.  
 PKAW 2023 will adopt single-blind  rule for the reviewing process, i.e., the authors do not know the names of the reviewers, but the reviewers can infer the names of the authors from the submission.  
 Proceedings of PKAW 2023 will be published by Springer as a volume of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series.  All papers for the review should be submitted electronically using the conference management tool in PDF format and formatted using the Springer LNAI template. The main content of the paper should not exceed 12 pages long (excluding references). For accepted papers, the latex source files and a camera-ready version are required to be submitted using the Springer LNAI template. For Springer LNAI format templates, please visit the Springer’s website below.  
 Page limit:   
  Full paper: 12 pages  
  Short paper: 8 pages  
 Springer’s Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) Template  PKAW 2023 Paper Submission Site    
 Contact  
 For any question, please send your email to Dr. Shiqing Wu ( shiqing.wu@uts.edu.au  ) Dr. Wenli Yang ( yang.wenli@utas.edu.au  ) and Dr. Muhammad Bilal Amin ( bilal.amin@utas.edu.au  ).   

 ORGANIZING COMMITTEE  
 Workshop Chairs  

  Shiqing Wu   
  University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
   
  Wenli Yang   
  University of Tasmania, Australia   
   
  Muhammad Bilal Amin   
  University of Tasmania, Australia   
   
 Program Chairs  

  Byeong Kang   
  University of Tasmania, Australia   
   
  Guandong Xu   
  University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
   
 Publicity Chair  

  Yan Kong   
  Nanjing University of Information Science & Technology, China   
   
 Webmaster and Workshop Coordinators  

  Hai Huang   
  University of Tasmania, Australia   
   
  Yuhui Jin   
  University of Tasmania, Australia   
   
 Honorary Chairs  

  Paul Compton   
  University of New South Wales, Australia   
   
  Hiroshi Motoda   
  Osaka University, Japan   
   
 Advisory Committee  

  Quan Bai   
  University of Tasmania, Australia   
   
  Qing Liu   
  Data61, CSIRO, Australia   
   
  Maria R Lee   
  Shih Chien University, Taiwan   
   
  Kenichi Yoshida   
  University of Tsukuba, Japan   
   
  Deborah Richards   
  Macquarie University, Australia   

 PC MEMBERS  
 Xiongcai Cai   
  The University of New South Wales, Australia   
 Wen Gu   
  Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Japan   
 Jianhua Jiang   
  Jilin University of Finance and Economics, China   
 Toshihiro Kamishima   
  National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Japan   
 Huan Huo   
  University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
 Matthew Kuo   
  Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand   
 Weihua Li   
  Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand   
 Lei Niu   
  Central China Normal University, China   
 Kouzou Ohara   
  Aoyama Gakuin University, Japan   
 Tomonobu Ozaki   
  Nihon University, Japan   
 Fenghui Ren   
  University of Wollongong, Australia   
 Kaize Shi   
  University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
 Shuxiang Xu   
  University of Tasmania, Australia   
 Takahira Yamaguchi   
  Keio University, Japan   
 Yi Yang   
  Hefei University of Technology, China   
 Dayong Ye   
  University of Wollongong, Australia   
 Tetsuya Yoshida   
  Nara Women's University, Japan   
 Zi-Ke Zhang   
  Zhejiang University, China   

 PROGRAM  
  
 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop (PKAW 2023)  
 15 November 2023  
  Zoom link: TBA 
 Time  
  (Jakarta time, GMT+7) | Session 
 9:00-9:10 | Opening address 
 Session 1 | 9:10-10:00 | Keynote 1:  Game Theory and Machine Learning for Addressing Societal Challenges: From Theory to Real-World Impact  
  Speaker:  Prof. Fei Fang  
   
  Session Chair:  Quan Bai 
 10:00-10:40  
  (Each paper has 15 minutes for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Automated Cattle Behavior Classification using Wearable Sensors and Machine Learning Approach   
  Niken Prasasti Martono, Rie Sawado, Itoko Nonaka, Fuminori Terada and Hayato Ohwada   
   
  An Assessment of the Influence of Interaction and Recommendation Approaches on the Formation of Information Filter Bubbles   
  Zihan Yuan, Weihua Li and Quan Bai 
 10:40-11:00 | Break (Morning Tea) 
 Session 2 | 11:00-12:30  
  (Each paper has 15 minutes for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Session Chair:  Wenli Yang  
   
  Predicting Peak Demand Days for Asthma-Related Emergency Hospitalisations: A Machine Learning Approach   
  Rashi Bhalla, Farhaan Mirza, M. Asif Naeem and Amy Chan   
   
  Exploring the Potential of Image Overlay in Self-Supervised Learning: A Study on SimSiam Networks and Strategies for Preventing Model Collapse   
  Li Xiao, Weihua Li, Quan Bai and Minh Nguyen   
   
  LexiFusedNet: A Unified Approach for Imbalanced Short-text Classification using Lexicon-based Feature Extraction, Transfer Learning and One Class Classifiers   
  Saugata Bose and Guoxin Su   
   
  Balanced Graph Structure Information for Brain Disease Detection   
  Falih Febrinanto, Mujie Liu and Feng Xia 
 12:30-14:00 | Break (Lunch) 
 Session 3 | 14:00-14:50 | Keynote 2:  Knowledge Structurization over Texts: Neural Information Extraction based Approaches and Recent Advances  
  Speaker:  Prof. Xiang Zhao  
   
  Session Chair:  Qing Liu 
 14:50-15:30  
  (Each paper has 15 minutes for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Information Gerrymandering in Elections   
  Xiaoxue Liu, Shohei Kato, Fenghui Ren, Guoxin Su, Minjie Zhang and Wen Gu   
   
  BoCB: Performance Benchmarking by Analysing Impacts of Cloud Platforms on Consortium Blockchain   
  Zhiqiang Huang, Saurabh Grag, Wenli Yang, Ankur Lohachab, Muhammad Bilal Amin and Byeong Kang 
 15:30-16:00 | Break (Afternoon Tea) 
 Session 4 | 16:00-17:30  
  (Each paper has 15 mins for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Session Chair:  Shiqing Wu  
   
  Blockchain as a Collaborative Technology - Case Studies in the Real Estate Sector in Vietnam   
  Kha Nguyen Hoang, Trong Nguyen Duong Phu, Triet Nguyen Minh, Huong Hoang Luong, Khoa Tran Dang, Khiem Huynh, Phuc Nguyen Trong, Hieu Doan Minh, Quy Lu, Nguyen The Anh, Ngan Nguyen Thi Kim, Hien Nguyen Quang, Bang Le Khanh, Bao Tran Quoc, and Khanh Vo Hong   
   
  Discovering maximal high utility co-location patterns from spatial data   
  Vanha Tran   
   
  Indonesian Forest Fire Data Clustering using Spatiotemporal Data Using Grid Density-Based Clustering Algorithm   
  Devi Fitrianah, Hisyam Fahmi, Ade Putera Kemala and Muhammad Edo Syahputra 
 17:30-17:40 | Closing remark 

 REGISTRATION  
 Registration is now available for both the author(s) and general participants. You may pay the registration fee using GriffithPay  . Please select Pre-conference option only and do not select registration option  .  
    
 Also, please kindly complete the registration form here  . If you are an author of an accepted paper, please fill in your Paper ID in the registration form. For example, if your paper ID is 1234, then fill in "PKAW_1234". Incorrect paper ID (such as, 1234, or pkaw1234) will lead to the failure of registration.  
 The details of registration fee is listed below. Authors and general participants must register using the registration link above and pay the registration fee using GriffithPay before the deadline.  
 Note  : Student registrants must send a letter from their University/Institution confirming their studentship to shiqing.wu@uts.edu.au  .  
 Non-Student | Student | Due date 
 PreConference(1-day) | $170 USD | $130 USD | 22 September 2023 

 Camera-ready Submission  
 The link for camera-ready submission has been sent to author via emails.  
  Please follow the instruction attached in the email to complete the submission by 16 Oct 2023  .   

 Camera-ready Submission  
 Submission Instruction  
 To smoothly publish your work in the Springer proceedings, you must submit the camera-ready paper, source files, and the signed and completed copyright transfer form  by 15 September 2023  . You need to submit the files using your EasyChair author account, as follows:  
 Log into Easychair, select the author role, and go to your accepted paper(s). 
  Go to "Add or update files". 
  Upload required files correspondingly. You don't need to update the original submission, but just upload the required camera-ready paper, source files, and the signed and completed copyright transfer form. 
   
  Camera-ready Copy and Source files Submission  
 Please follow the Submission Instruction to upload two files:  
 Either a zipped file containing all your LaTeX sources (LaTeX files with all the associated style files, special fonts, eps files and the underlying bib file for the references); | OR a Word file in RTF format, and 
  PDF version of your camera-ready paper. 
  Please follow strictly the "Springer Author Instructions"  when preparing the final version. Download  and use the correct template (either in Latex or MS Word) to prepare your final camera-copy paper. Papers must be in trouble-free, high-resolution PDF format. Use only the arabic numbers system (i.e. [1], [3-5], [4-6,9]) for your references. Please also pay attention to Springer's Editorial Policies  when preparing your final copy.  
 The page limit given in the proceedings is strict as follows. Note that NO appendix is allowed  .  
 Long papers: 12 pages (excluding references) 
  Short papers: 8 pages (excluding references) 
  When submitting your paper, a corresponding author must be available to carry out a proof check of the paper. The corresponding author should be clearly marked as such in the header of the paper. He or she is also the one who signs the consent-to-publish form on behalf of all of the authors. Our publisher has recently introduced an extra control loop: once data processing is finished, they will contact all corresponding authors and ask them to check their papers. We expect this to happen shortly before the printing of the proceedings. At that time your quick interaction with Springer will be greatly appreciated.  
  
  Copyright Form Submission  
 Please upload a signed and completed copyright form in EasyChair as soon as possible using the pre-filled Springer copyright form  . Please do not change the main content and pre-filled content.  
 It is sufficient for one corresponding author to sign the copyright form. Springer requests that the corresponding author, who should match the corresponding author marked on the paper, must have the full right power, and authority to sign the agreement on behalf of all of the authors of a particular paper, and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on their behalf. Spring does not accept digital signatures on the consent-to-publish forms at present.  

 KEYNOTE SPEAKERS  
 Prof. Fei Fang   
 Carnegie Mellon University, USA    
    
 Game Theory and Machine Learning for Addressing Societal Challenges: From Theory to Real-World Impact  
 Abstract  : Societal challenges spanning security, environmental sustainability, food security, and transportation often involve complex decision-making by multiple self-interested agents. In our research, we delve into the development of game theory and machine learning-based methodologies and tools to tackle these challenges, with a strong focus on contributing to the social good. In this talk I will introduce our work that has led to successful applications in ferry protection, environmental conservation, and food rescue. Moreover, I will cover our foundational research in inverse game theory scalable game solving, and interpretable multi-agent reinforcement learning. These advancements are motivated by the real-world problems we have been working on and enable us to tackle more complex decision-making scenarios in the future.  
 Bio  : Dr. Fei Fang is an Associate Professor at the Software and Societal Systems Department in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. Before joining CMU, she was a Postdoctoral Fellow at the Center for Research on Computation and Society (CRCS) at Harvard University, hosted by David Parkes and Barbara Grosz. She received her Ph.D. from the Department of Computer Science at the University of Southern California advised by Milind Tambe (now at Harvard). Her research lies in the field of artificial intelligence and multi-agent systems, focusing on integrating machine learning with game theory. Her work has been motivated by and applied to security sustainability, and mobility domains, contributing to the theme of AI for Social Good. She is the recipient of the 2022 Sloan Research Fellowship and IJCAI-21 Computers and Thought Award. She was named to IEEE Intelligent Systems’ “AI’s 10 to Watch” list for 2020. Her work has won the Deployed Application Award at IAAI’23, Best Paper Honorable Mention at HCOMP’22, Best Paper Runner-Up at AAAI’21, Distinguished Paper at IJCAI-ECAI’18, Innovative Application Award at IAAI’16, the Outstanding Paper Award in Computational Sustainability Track at IJCAI’15. She received an NSF CAREER Award in 2021. Her dissertation is selected as the runner-up for IFAAMAS-16 Victor Lesser Distinguished Dissertation Award, and is selected to be the winner of the William F. Ballhaus, Jr. Prize for Excellence in Graduate Engineering Research as well as the Best Dissertation Award in Computer Science at the University of Southern California.  

  Prof. Xiang Zhao   
 National University of Defense Technology, China    
    
 Knowledge Structurization over Texts: Neural Information Extraction based Approaches and Recent Advances  
 Abstract  : Although recent large language models (LLMs) offer a friendly way to communicate and acquire knowledge from machines, they still suffer from inaccuracy and hallucination issues. In contrast, structured knowledge bases (KBs) can provide reliable, machine-readable facts while preserving human interpretability. In other words, knowledge bases containing these structured entities, relations, events and their semantic connections are currently crucial for powering intelligent applications. However, constructing such knowledge bases relies heavily on extracting structured information from unstructured textual data, with which one can populate knowledge bases with facts harvested from textual corpora in a scalable manner. The process is coined as knowledge structurization. In this talk, I will present the notion of knowledge structurization over texts using neural information extraction techniques, and then I will share our recent work on developing neural models for relation extraction and triplet extraction. Finally, I will discuss open challenges and future directions in improving knowledge structurization quality. I hope this talk will provide valuable insights into bridging the gap between unstructured texts and structured knowledge using neural information extraction. The techniques presented will push the boundaries of automated knowledge base construction.  
 Bio  : Dr. Xiang Zhao is currently a full professor at Laboratory of Big Data and Decision, National University of Defense Technology, China, where he serves as the head of the direction of knowledge systems engineering. In 2013, he got PhD of Computer Science and Engineering, the University of New South Wales, Australia. He is a distinguished member of China Computer Federation (CCF), the deputy secretary general of CCF Technical Committee on Information Systems, a member of CCF Expert Committee on Big Data, an executive member of CCF Technical Committee on Databases. He was selected for the project for high-level young talents of Ministry of Education of China and Young Talents Lift-up Program of China Association for Science and Technology, also a recipient of National Key R&D Program for Young Scientists and ACM SIGMOD China Rising Star Award. His research interests include Knowledge Graphs, Advanced Data Management, and Information Retrieval.  

 © PKAW 2023