Public-Key Cryptography – PKC 2023 | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
   
 DE     
 EN      
   
 Bücher       
   
 Zeitschriften       
   
 Themenseiten Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Organisationspsychologie    Projektmanagement    Marketing    Smart Manufacturing      

 Weitere Formate Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Podcasts    Webinare Technik    Webinare Wirtschaft    Kongresse    Veranstaltungskalender    Awards    MyNewsletter      

 Jetzt Einzelzugang starten       
   
 Zugang für Unternehmen       
   
 Referenzkunden       
   
 Sustainability in Automotive       

 Gesamtlebenszyklus wird immer wichtiger  
 In der Digitalkonferenz am 5. Dezember 2024 geht es um die wachsende Bedeutung der Kreislaufwirtschaft in der Automobilindustrie und wie nachhaltige Werkstoffe sowie wiederverwendbare Komponenten dazu beitragen können.  

 Springer Professional     
   
   Suche   Suchbegriffe eingeben       Suchen     
  
 Erweiterte Suche      

  Anmelden      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT BENÖTIGT    
 Bitte aktivieren Sie Java-Script in Ihrem Browser, damit Sie alle Vorteile und Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER WIRD NICHT MEHR UNTERSTÜZT    
 Der Internet Explorer wird als Browser seitens Microsoft nicht mehr unterstützt. Für Ihr optimales Nutzungserlebnis wählen Sie bitte Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome oder Firefox als Browser.   

 nach oben    

 2023 | Buch  

 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
   
 Public-Key Cryptography – PKC 2023  
 26th IACR International Conference on Practice and Theory of Public-Key Cryptography, Atlanta, GA, USA, May 7–10, 2023, Proceedings, Part I  
 herausgegeben von: Alexandra Boldyreva, Vladimir Kolesnikov   
   
 Verlag: Springer Nature Switzerland    
 Buchreihe : Lecture Notes in Computer Science    
 Enthalten in: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Inhaltsverzeichnis    

      Suchen      
 insite    
 SUCHEN    

 Über dieses Buch  
 The two-volume proceedings set LNCS 13940 and 13941 constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 26th IACR International Conference on Practice and Theory of Public Key Cryptography, PKC 2023, which took place in March 2023 in Atlanta, GA, USA.  
 The 49 papers included in these proceedings were carefully reviewed and selected from 183 submissions. They focus on all aspects of public-key cryptography, covering Post-Quantum Cryptography, Key Exchange and Messaging, Encryption, Homomorphic Cryptography and other topics.  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Loggen Sie sich ein, um Ihre Alerts zu aktualisieren und Neue anzulegen.  

 Anzeige   

 Inhaltsverzeichnis  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Post-quantum Cryptography  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Post-quantum Anonymity of Kyber  
  Abstract   
 Kyber is a key-encapsulation mechanism (KEM) that was recently selected by NIST in its PQC standardization process; it is also the only  scheme to be selected in the context of public-key encryption (PKE) and key establishment. The main security target for KEMs, and their associated PKE schemes, in the NIST PQC context has been IND-CCA security. However, some important modern applications also require their underlying KEMs/PKE schemes to provide anonymity  (Bellare et al.  , ASIACRYPT 2001). Examples of such applications include anonymous credential systems, cryptocurrencies, broadcast encryption schemes, authenticated key exchange, and auction protocols. It is hence important to analyze the compatibility of NIST’s new PQC standard in such “beyond IND-CCA” applications.   
 Some starting steps were taken by Grubbs et al.  (EUROCRYPT 2022) and Xagawa (EUROCRYPT 2022) wherein they studied the anonymity properties of most NIST PQC third round candidate KEMs. Unfortunately, they were unable to show the anonymity of Kyber because of certain technical barriers.   
 In this paper, we overcome said barriers and resolve the open problems posed by Grubbs et al.  (EUROCRYPT 2022) and Xagawa (EUROCRYPT 2022) by establishing the anonymity of Kyber, and the (hybrid) PKE schemes derived from it, in a post-quantum setting. Along the way, we also provide an approach to obtain tight IND-CCA security proofs for Kyber with concrete  bounds; this resolves another issue identified by the aforementioned works related to the post-quantum IND-CCA security claims of Kyber from a provable security point-of-view. Our results also extend to Saber, a NIST PQC third round finalist, in a similar fashion.   
   
 Varun Maram, Keita Xagawa   

 QCCA-Secure Generic Transformations in the Quantum Random Oracle Model  
  Abstract   
 The post-quantum security of cryptographic schemes assumes that the quantum adversary only receives the classical result of computations with the secret key. Further, it is unknown whether the post-quantum secure schemes still remain secure if the adversary can obtain a superposition state of the results.   
 In this paper, we formalize one class of public-key encryption schemes named oracle-masked schemes. Then we define the plaintext extraction procedure for those schemes and this procedure simulates the quantum-accessible decryption oracle with a certain loss.   
 The construction of the plaintext extraction procedure does not need to take the secret key as input. Based on this property, we prove the IND-qCCA security of the Fujisaki-Okamoto (FO) transformation in the quantum random oracle model (QROM) and our security proof is tighter than the proof given by Zhandry (Crypto 2019). We also give the first IND-qCCA security proof of the REACT transformation in the QROM. Furthermore, our formalization can be applied to prove the IND-qCCA security of key encapsulation mechanisms with explicit rejection. As an example, we present the IND-qCCA security proof of \(\textsf {T}_{\textsf {CH}}\)  transformation, proposed by Huguenin-Dumittan and Vaudenay (Eurocrypt 2022), in the QROM.   
   
 Tianshu Shan, Jiangxia Ge, Rui Xue   

 A Thorough Treatment of Highly-Efficient NTRU Instantiations  
  Abstract   
 Cryptography based on the hardness of lattice problems over polynomial rings currently provides the most practical solution for public key encryption in the quantum era. Indeed, three of the four schemes chosen by NIST in the recently-concluded post-quantum standardization effort for encryption and signature schemes are based on the hardness of these problems. While the first encryption scheme utilizing properties of polynomial rings was NTRU (ANTS ’98), the scheme that NIST chose for public key encryption (CRYSTALS-Kyber) is based on the hardness of the somewhat-related Module-LWE problem. One of the reasons for Kyber’s selection was the fact that it is noticeably faster than NTRU and a little more compact. And indeed, the practical NTRU encryption schemes in the literature generally lag their Ring/Module-LWE counterparts in either compactness or speed, or both.   
 In this paper, we put the efficiency of NTRU-based schemes on equal (even slightly better, actually) footing with their Ring/Module-LWE counterparts. We provide several instantiations and transformations, with security given in the ROM and the QROM, that are on par, compactness-wise, with their counterparts based on Ring/Module-LWE. Performance-wise, the NTRU schemes instantiated in this paper over NTT-friendly rings of the form \(\mathbb {Z}_q[X]/(X^d-X^{d/2}+1)\)  are the fastest of all public key encryption schemes, whether quantum-safe or not. When compared to the NIST finalist NTRU-HRSS-701, our scheme is \(15\%\)  more compact and has a 15X improvement in the round-trip time of ephemeral key exchange, with key generation being 35X faster, encapsulation being 6X faster, and decapsulation enjoying a 9X speedup.   
   
 Julien Duman, Kathrin Hövelmanns, Eike Kiltz, Vadim Lyubashevsky, Gregor Seiler, Dominique Unruh   

 A Lightweight Identification Protocol Based on Lattices  
  Abstract   
 In this work we present a lightweight lattice-based identification protocol based on the CPA-secured public key encryption scheme Kyber  . It is designed as a replacement for existing classical ECC- or RSA-based identification protocols in IoT, smart card applications, or for device authentication. The proposed protocol is simple, efficient, and implementations are supposed to be easy to harden against side-channel attacks. Compared to standard constructions for identification protocols based on lattice-based KEMs, our construction achieves this by avoiding the Fujisaki-Okamoto transform and its impact on implementation security.   
 Moreover, contrary to prior lattice-based identification protocols or standard constructions using signatures, our work does not require rejection sampling and can use more efficient parameters than signature schemes.   
 We provide a generic construction from CPA-secured public key encryption schemes to identification protocols and give a security proof of the protocol in the ROM. Moreover, we instantiate the generic construction with Kyber  , for which we use the proposed parameter sets for NIST security levels I, III, and V. To show that the protocol is suitable for constrained devices, we implemented one selected parameter set on an ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller. As the protocol is based on existing algorithms for Kyber  , we make use of existing SW components (e.g., fast NTT implementations) for our implementation.   
   
 Samed Düzlü, Juliane Krämer, Thomas Pöppelmann, Patrick Struck   

 POLKA: Towards Leakage-Resistant Post-quantum CCA-Secure Public Key Encryption  
  Abstract   
 As for any cryptographic algorithm, the deployment of post-quantum CCA-secure public key encryption schemes may come with the need to be protected against side-channel attacks. For existing post-quantum schemes that have not been developed with leakage in mind, recent results showed that the cost of these protections can make their implementations more expensive by orders of magnitude. In this paper, we describe a new design, coined POLKA  , that is specifically tailored to reduce this cost. It leverages various ingredients in order to enable efficient side-channel protected implementations such as: (i) the rigidity property (which intuitively means that the de-randomized encryption and decryption are injective functions) to avoid the very leaky re-encryption step of the Fujisaki-Okamoto transform, (ii) the randomization of the decryption thanks to the incorporation of a dummy ciphertext, removing the adversary’s control of its intermediate computations and making these computations ephemeral, (iii) key-homomorphic computations that can be masked against side-channel attacks with overheads that scale linearly in the number of shares, (iv) hard physical learning problems to argue about the security of some critical unmasked operations. Furthermore, we use an explicit rejection mechanism (returning an error symbol for invalid ciphertexts) to avoid the additional leakage caused by implicit rejection. As a result, the operations of POLKA  can be protected against leakage in a cheaper way than state-of-the-art designs, opening the way towards schemes that are both quantum-safe and leakage-resistant.   
   
 Clément Hoffmann, Benoît Libert, Charles Momin, Thomas Peters, François-Xavier Standaert   

 Attacks  
 Frontmatter  
  
 The Hidden Number Problem with Small Unknown Multipliers: Cryptanalyzing MEGA in Six Queries and Other Applications  
  Abstract   
 In recent work, Backendal, Haller, and Paterson identified several exploitable vulnerabilities in the cloud storage provider MEGA. They demonstrated an RSA key recovery attack in which a malicious server could recover a client’s private RSA key after 512 client login attempts. We show how to exploit additional information revealed by MEGA’s protocol vulnerabilities to give an attack that requires only six client logins to recover the secret key.   
 Our optimized attack combines several cryptanalytic techniques. In particular, we formulate and give a solution to a variant of the hidden number problem with small unknown multipliers, which may be of independent interest. We show that our lattice construction for this problem can be used to give improved results for the implicit factorization problem of May and Ritzenhofen.   
   
 Nadia Heninger, Keegan Ryan   

 Hull Attacks on the Lattice Isomorphism Problem  
  Abstract   
 The lattice isomorphism problem (LIP) asks one to find an isometry between two lattices. It has recently been proposed as a foundation for cryptography in two independent works [Ducas & van Woerden, EUROCRYPT 2022, Bennett et al.  preprint 2021]. This problem is the lattice variant of the code equivalence problem, on which the notion of the hull  of a code can lead to devastating attacks.   
 In this work we study the cryptanalytic role of an adaptation of the hull to the lattice setting, namely, the s  -hull. We first show that the s  -hull is not helpful for creating an arithmetic distinguisher. More specifically, the genus of the s  -hull can be efficiently predicted from s  and the original genus and therefore carries no extra information.   
 However, we also show that the hull can be helpful for geometric attacks: for certain lattices the minimal distance of the hull is relatively smaller than that of the original lattice, and this can be exploited. The attack cost remains exponential, but the constant in the exponent is halved. This second result gives a counterexample to the general hardness conjecture of LIP proposed by Ducas & van Woerden.   
 Our results suggest that one should be very considerate about the geometry of hulls when instantiating LIP for cryptography. They also point to unimodular lattices as attractive options, as they are equal to their dual and their hulls, leaving only the original lattice to an attacker. Remarkably, this is already the case in proposed instantiations, namely the trivial lattice \(\mathbb Z^n\)  and the Barnes-Wall lattices.   
   
 Léo Ducas, Shane Gibbons   

 A Key-Recovery Attack Against Mitaka in the t-Probing Model  
  Abstract   
 Mitaka  is a lattice-based signature proposed at Eurocrypt 2022. A key advertised feature of Mitaka  is that it can be masked at high orders efficiently, making it attractive in scenarios where side-channel attacks are a concern. Mitaka  comes with a claimed security proof in the t  -probing model.   
 We uncover a flaw in the security proof of Mitaka  , and subsequently show that it is not secure in the t  -probing model. For any number of shares \(d \ge 4\)  , probing \(t < d\)  variables per execution allows an attacker to recover the private key efficiently with approximately \(2^{21}\)  executions. Our analysis shows that even a constant number of probes suffices ( \(t = 3\)  ), as long as the attacker has access to a number of executions that is linear in d  / t  .   
   
 Thomas Prest   

 Signatures  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Hardening Signature Schemes via Derive-then-Derandomize: Stronger Security Proofs for EdDSA  
  Abstract   
 We consider a transform, called Derive-then-Derandomize, that hardens a given signature scheme against randomness failure and implementation error. We prove that it works. We then give a general lemma showing indifferentiability of a class of constructions that apply a shrinking output transform to an MD-style hash function. Armed with these tools, we give new proofs for the widely standardized and used \(\textsf{EdDSA}\)  signature scheme, improving prior work in two ways: (1) we give proofs for the case that the hash function is an MD-style one, reflecting the use of SHA512 in the NIST standard, and (2) we improve the tightness of the reduction so that one has guarantees for group sizes in actual use.   
   
 Mihir Bellare, Hannah Davis, Zijing Di   

 Security Analysis of RSA-BSSA  
  Abstract   
 In a blind signature scheme, a user can obtain a digital signature on a message of her choice without revealing anything about the message or the resulting signature to the signer. Blind signature schemes have recently found applications for privacy-preserving web browsing and ad ecosystems, and as such, are ripe for standardization. In this paper, we show that the recent proposed standard of Denis, Jacobs and Wood [ 16  , 17  ] constitutes a strongly one-more-unforgeable blind signature scheme in the random-oracle model under the one-more-RSA assumption. Further, we show that the blind version of RSA-FDH proposed and analyzed by Bellare, Namprempre, Pointcheval and Semanko [ 6  ] does not satisfy blindness when the public key is chosen maliciously, but satisfies a weaker notion of a blind token.   
   
 Anna Lysyanskaya   

 Extendable Threshold Ring Signatures with Enhanced Anonymity  
  Abstract   
 Threshold ring signatures are digital signatures that allow t  parties to sign a message while hiding their identity in a larger set of n  users called “ring”. Recently, Aranha et al. [PKC 2022] introduced the notion of extendable  threshold ring signatures ( \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  ). \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  allow one to update, in a non-interactive manner, a threshold ring signature on a certain message so that the updated signature has a greater threshold, and/or an augmented set of potential signers. An application of this primitive is anonymous count me in. A first signer creates a ring signature with a sufficiently large ring announcing a proposition in the signed message. After such cause becomes public  , other parties can anonymously decide to support that proposal by producing an updated signature. Crucially, such applications rely on partial signatures being posted on a publicly accessible  bulletin board since users may not know/trust each other.   
 In this paper, we first point out that even if anonymous count me in was suggested as an application of \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  , the anonymity notion proposed in the previous work is insufficient in many application scenarios. Indeed, the existing notion guarantees anonymity only against adversaries who just see the last signature, and are not allowed to access the “full evolution” of an \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  . This is in stark contrast with applications where partial signatures are posted in a public bulletin board. We therefore propose stronger anonymity definitions and construct a new \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  that satisfies such definitions. Interestingly, while satisfying stronger anonymity properties, our \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  asymptotically improves on the two \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  presented in prior work [PKC 2022] in terms of both time complexity and signature size. Our \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  relies on extendable non-interactive witness-indistinguishable proof of knowledge ( \(\textsf{ENIWI}\)  PoK), a novel technical tool that we formalize and construct, and that may be of independent interest. We build our constructions from pairing groups under the SXDH assumption.   
   
 Gennaro Avitabile, Vincenzo Botta, Dario Fiore   

 Tracing a Linear Subspace: Application to Linearly-Homomorphic Group Signatures  
  Abstract   
 When multiple users have power or rights, there is always the risk of corruption or abuse. Whereas there is no solution to avoid those malicious behaviors, from the users themselves or from external adversaries, one can strongly deter them with tracing capabilities that will later help to revoke the rights or negatively impact the reputation. On the other hand, privacy is an important issue in many applications, which seems in contradiction with traceability.   
 In this paper, we first extend usual tracing techniques based on codes so that not just one contributor can be traced but the full collusion. In a second step, we embed suitable codes into a set \(\mathcal V\)  of vectors in such a way that, given a vector \(\textbf{U}\in \textsf{span}(\mathcal V)\)  , the underlying code can be used to efficiently find a minimal subset \(\mathcal X \subseteq \mathcal V\)  such that \(\textbf{U}\in \textsf{span}(\mathcal X)\)  .   
 To meet privacy requirements, we then make the vectors of \(\textsf{span}(\mathcal V)\)  anonymous while keeping the efficient tracing mechanism. As an interesting application, we formally define the notion of linearly-homomorphic group signatures and propose a construction from our codes: multiple signatures can be combined to sign any linear subspace in an anonymous way, but a tracing authority is able to trace back all the contributors involved in the signatures of that subspace.   
   
 Chloé Hébant, David Pointcheval, Robert Schädlich   

 Isogenies  
 Frontmatter  
  
 SCALLOP: Scaling the CSI-FiSh  
  Abstract   
 We present SCALLOP: SCALable isogeny action based on Oriented supersingular curves with Prime conductor, a new group action based on isogenies of supersingular curves. Similarly to CSIDH and OSIDH, we use the group action of an imaginary quadratic order’s class group on the set of oriented supersingular curves. Compared to CSIDH, the main benefit of our construction is that it is easy to compute the class-group structure; this data is required to uniquely represent — and efficiently act by — arbitrary group elements, which is a requirement in, e.g., the CSI-FiSh signature scheme by Beullens, Kleinjung and Vercauteren. The index-calculus algorithm used in CSI-FiSh to compute the class-group structure has complexity L  (1/2), ruling out class groups much larger than CSIDH-512, a limitation that is particularly problematic in light of the ongoing debate regarding the quantum security of cryptographic group actions.   
 Hoping to solve this issue, we consider the class group of a quadratic order of large prime conductor inside an imaginary quadratic field of small discriminant. This family of quadratic orders lets us easily determine the size of the class group, and, by carefully choosing the conductor, even exercise significant control on it — in particular supporting highly smooth choices. Although evaluating the resulting group action still has subexponential asymptotic complexity, a careful choice of parameters leads to a practical speedup that we demonstrate in practice for a security level equivalent to CSIDH-1024, a parameter currently firmly out of reach of index-calculus-based methods. However, our implementation takes 35 s (resp. 12.5 min) for a single group-action evaluation at a CSIDH-512-equivalent (resp. CSIDH-1024-equivalent) security level, showing that, while feasible, the SCALLOP group action does not achieve realistically usable performance yet.   
   
 Luca De Feo, Tako Boris Fouotsa, Péter Kutas, Antonin Leroux, Simon-Philipp Merz, Lorenz Panny, Benjamin Wesolowski   

 Round-Optimal Oblivious Transfer and MPC from Computational CSIDH  
  Abstract   
 We present the first round-optimal and plausibly quantum-safe oblivious transfer (OT) and multi-party computation (MPC) protocols from the computational CSIDH assumption – the weakest and most widely studied assumption in the CSIDH family of isogeny-based assumptions. We obtain the following results: The first  round-optimal maliciously secure OT and MPC protocols in the plain model  that achieve (black-box) simulation-based security while relying on the computational CSIDH assumption. 
  The first  round-optimal maliciously secure OT and MPC protocols that achieves Universal Composability (UC) security in the presence of a trusted setup (common reference string plus random oracle) while relying on the computational CSIDH assumption. 

 Prior plausibly quantum-safe isogeny-based OT protocols (with/without setup assumptions) are either not round-optimal, or rely on potentially stronger assumptions.   
 We also build a 3-round maliciously-secure OT extension protocol where each base OT protocol requires only 4 isogeny computations. In comparison, the most efficient isogeny-based OT extension protocol till date due to Lai et al. [Eurocrypt 2021] requires 12 isogeny computations and 4 rounds of communication, while relying on the same assumption as our construction, namely the reciprocal CSIDH assumption.   
   
 Saikrishna Badrinarayanan, Daniel Masny, Pratyay Mukherjee, Sikhar Patranabis, Srinivasan Raghuraman, Pratik Sarkar   

 Generic Models for Group Actions  
  Abstract   
 We define the Generic Group Action Model (GGAM), an adaptation of the Generic Group Model to the setting of group actions (such as CSIDH). Compared to a previously proposed definition by Montgomery and Zhandry (ASIACRYPT ’22), our GGAM more accurately abstracts the security properties of group actions.   
 We are able to prove information-theoretic lower bounds in the GGAM for the discrete logarithm assumption, as well as for non-standard assumptions recently introduced in the setting of threshold and identification schemes on group actions. Unfortunately, in a natural quantum version of the GGAM, the discrete logarithm assumption does not hold.   
 To this end we also introduce the weaker Quantum Algebraic Group Action Model (QAGAM), where every set element (in superposition) output by an adversary is required to have an explicit representation relative to known elements. In contrast to the Quantum Generic Group Action Model, in the QAGAM we are able to analyze the hardness of group action assumptions: We prove (among other things) the equivalence between the discrete logarithm assumption and non-standard assumptions recently introduced in the setting of QROM security for Password-Authenticated Key Exchange, Non-Interactive Key Exchange, and Public-Key Encryption.   
   
 Julien Duman, Dominik Hartmann, Eike Kiltz, Sabrina Kunzweiler, Jonas Lehmann, Doreen Riepel   

 Crypto for Crypto  
 Frontmatter  
  
 CRAFT: Composable Randomness Beacons and Output-Independent Abort MPC From Time  
  Abstract   
 Recently, time-based primitives such as time-lock puzzles (TLPs) and verifiable delay functions (VDFs) have received a lot of attention due to their power as building blocks for cryptographic protocols. However, even though exciting improvements on their efficiency and security ( e.g.  achieving non-malleability) have been made, most of the existing constructions do not offer general composability guarantees and thus have limited applicability. Baum et al.  (EUROCRYPT 2021) presented in TARDIS the first (im)possibility results on constructing TLPs with Universally Composable (UC) security and an application to secure two-party computation with output-independent abort (OIA-2PC), where an adversary has to decide to abort before  learning the output. While these results establish the feasibility of UC-secure TLPs and applications, they are limited to the two-party scenario and suffer from complexity overheads. In this paper, we introduce the first UC constructions of VDFs and of the related notion of publicly verifiable TLPs (PV-TLPs). We use our new UC VDF to prove a folklore result on VDF-based randomness beacons used in industry and build an improved randomness beacon from our new UC PV-TLPs. We moreover construct the first multiparty computation protocol with punishable output-independent aborts (POIA-MPC), i.e.  MPC with OIA and financial punishment for cheating. Our novel POIA-MPC both establishes the feasibility of (non-punishable) OIA-MPC and significantly improves on the efficiency of state-of-the-art OIA-2PC and (non-OIA) MPC with punishable aborts.   
   
 Carsten Baum, Bernardo David, Rafael Dowsley, Ravi Kishore, Jesper Buus Nielsen, Sabine Oechsner   

 Efficient and Universally Composable Single Secret Leader Election from Pairings  
  Abstract   
 Single Secret Leader Election (SSLE) protocols allow a set of users to elect a leader among them so that the identity of the winner remains secret until she decides to reveal herself. This notion was formalized and implemented in a recent result by Boneh, et al.  (ACM Advances on Financial Technology 2020) and finds important applications in the area of Proof of Stake blockchains.   
 In this paper we put forward new SSLE solutions that advance the state of the art both from a theoretical and a practical front. On the theoretical side we propose a new definition of SSLE in the universal composability framework. We believe this to be the right way to model security in highly concurrent contexts such as those of many blockchain related applications. Next, we propose a UC-realization of SSLE from public key encryption with keyword search (PEKS) and based on the ability of distributing the PEKS key generation and encryption algorithms. Finally, we give a concrete PEKS scheme with efficient distributed algorithms for key generation and encryption and that allows us to efficiently instantiate our abstract SSLE construction.   
 Our resulting SSLE protocol is very efficient, does not require participants to store any state information besides their secret keys and guarantees so called on-chain efficiency  : the information to verify an election in the new block should be of size at most logarithmic in the number of participants. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first efficient SSLE scheme achieving this property.   
   
 Dario Catalano, Dario Fiore, Emanuele Giunta   

 Simple, Fast, Efficient, and Tightly-Secure Non-malleable Non-interactive Timed Commitments  
  Abstract   
 Timed commitment schemes, introduced by Boneh and Naor (CRYPTO 2000), can be used to achieve fairness in secure computation protocols in a simple and elegant way. The only known non-malleable construction in the standard model is due to Katz, Loss, and Xu (TCC 2020). This construction requires general-purpose zero knowledge proofs with specific properties, and it suffers from an inefficient commitment protocol, which requires the committing party to solve a computationally expensive puzzle.   
 We propose new constructions of non-malleable non-interactive timed commitments, which combine (an extension of) the Naor-Yung paradigm used to construct IND-CCA secure encryption with a non-interactive ZK proof for a simple algebraic language. This yields much simpler and more efficient non-malleable timed commitments in the standard model.   
 Furthermore, our constructions also compare favourably to known constructions of timed commitments in the random oracle model, as they achieve several further interesting properties that make the schemes very practical. This includes the possibility of using a homomorphism for the forced opening of multiple commitments in the sense of Malavolta and Thyagarajan (CRYPTO 2019), and they are the first constructions to achieve public verifiability  , which seems particularly useful to apply the homomorphism in practical applications.   
   
 Peter Chvojka, Tibor Jager   

 Certifying Giant Nonprimes  
  Abstract   
 GIMPS and PrimeGrid are large-scale distributed projects dedicated to searching giant prime numbers, usually of special forms like Mersenne and Proth primes. The numbers in the current search-space are millions of digits large and the participating volunteers need to run resource-consuming primality tests. Once a candidate prime N  has been found, the only way for another party to independently verify the primality of N  used to be by repeating the expensive primality test. To avoid the need for second recomputation of each primality test, these projects have recently adopted certifying mechanisms that enable efficient verification of performed tests. However, the mechanisms presently in place only detect benign errors and there is no guarantee against adversarial behavior: a malicious volunteer can mislead the project to reject a giant prime as being non-prime.   
 In this paper, we propose a practical, cryptographically-sound mechanism for certifying the non-primality of Proth numbers. That is, a volunteer can – parallel to running the primality test for N  – generate an efficiently verifiable proof at a little extra cost certifying that N  is not prime. The interactive protocol has statistical soundness and can be made non-interactive using the Fiat-Shamir heuristic.   
 Our approach is based on a cryptographic primitive called Proof of Exponentiation (PoE) which, for a group \({\mathbb {G}}\)  , certifies that a tuple \((x,y,T)\in {\mathbb {G}}^2\times \mathbb {N}\)  satisfies \(x^{2^T}=y\)  (Pietrzak, ITCS 2019 and Wesolowski, J. Cryptol. 2020). In particular, we show how to adapt Pietrzak’s PoE at a moderate additional cost to make it a cryptographically-sound certificate of non-primality.   
   
 Charlotte Hoffmann, Pavel Hubáček, Chethan Kamath, Krzysztof Pietrzak   

 Transparent Batchable Time-lock Puzzles and Applications to Byzantine Consensus  
  Abstract   
 Time-lock puzzles (TLP) are a fascinating type of cryptographic problem that is easy to generate, but takes a certain time to solve, even when arbitrary parallel speedup is allowed. TLPs have wide-ranging applications including fairness, round efficient computation, and more. To reduce the effort needed to solve large numbers of TLPs, prior work has proposed batching techniques to reduce the cost of solving. However, these proposals either require: (1) a trusted setup or (2) the puzzle size be linear in the maximum batch size, which implies setting an a priori bound on the maximum size of the batch. Any of these limitations restrict the utility of TLPs in decentralized and dynamic settings like permissionless blockchains. In this work, we demonstrate the feasibility and usefulness of a TLP that overcomes all the above limitations using indistinguishability obfuscation  to show that there are no fundamental barriers to achieving such a TLP construction.   
 As a main application of our TLP, we show how to improve the resilience of consensus protocols toward network-level adversaries in the following settings: (1) We show a generic compiler that boosts the resilience of a Byzantine broadcast protocol \(\varPi \)  as follows: if \(\varPi \)  is secure against \(t<n\)  weakly adaptive corruptions, then the compiled protocol is secure against \(t<n\)  strongly adaptive corruptions. Here, ‘strong’ refers to adaptively corrupting a party and deleting messages that it sent while still honest. Our compiler is round and communication preserving, and gives the first  expected constant-round Byzantine broadcast protocol against a strongly adaptive  adversary for the dishonest majority  setting. (2) We adapt the Nakamoto consensus protocol to a weak model  of synchrony where the adversary can adaptively create minority partitions in the network. Unlike prior works, we do not assume that all  honest messages are delivered within a known upper bound on the message delay. This is the first  work to show that it is possible to achieve consensus in the permissionless setting even after relaxing the standard synchrony assumption.   
   
 Shravan Srinivasan, Julian Loss, Giulio Malavolta, Kartik Nayak, Charalampos Papamanthou, Sri AravindaKrishnan Thyagarajan   

 Pairings  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Decentralized Multi-Authority Attribute-Based Inner-Product FE: Large Universe and Unbounded  
  Abstract   
 This paper presents the first  decentralized multi-authority attribute-based inner product functional encryption \((\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABIPFE})\)  schemes supporting vectors of a priori unbounded lengths. The notion of \(\textsf{AB}\text {-}\textsf{IPFE}\)  , introduced by Abdalla et al. [ASIACRYPT 2020], combines the access control functionality of attribute-based encryption \((\textsf{ABE})\)  with the possibility of evaluating linear functions on encrypted data. A decentralized \(\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABIPFE}\)  defined by Agrawal et al. [TCC 2021] essentially enhances the \(\textsf{ABE}\)  component of \(\textsf{AB}\text {-}\textsf{IPFE}\)  to the decentralized multi-authority setting where several authorities can independently issue user keys involving attributes under their control. In \(\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABIPFE}\)  for unbounded vectors \((\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABUIPFE})\)  , encryptors can encrypt vectors of arbitrary length under access policies of their choice whereas authorities can issue secret keys to users involving attributes under their control and vectors of arbitrary lengths. Decryption works in the same way as for \(\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABIPFE}\)  provided the lengths of the vectors within the ciphertext and secret keys match.   
 We present two \(\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABUIPFE}\)  schemes supporting access policies realizable by linear secret sharing schemes \((\textsf{LSSS})\)  , in the significantly faster prime-order bilinear groups under decisional assumptions based on the target groups which are known to be weaker compared to their counterparts based in the source groups. The proposed schemes demonstrate different trade-offs between versatility and underlying assumptions. The first scheme allows each authority to control a bounded number of attributes and is proven secure under the well-studied decisional bilinear Diffie-Hellman \((\textsf{DBDH})\)  assumption. On the other hand, the second scheme allows authorities to control exponentially many attributes and attributes are not required to be enumerated at the setup, that is, supports large attribute universe, and is proven secure under a non-interactive q  -type variant of the \(\textsf{DBDH}\)  assumption called L  - \(\textsf{DBDH}\)  , similar to what was used in prior large-universe multi-authority \(\textsf{ABE}\)  \((\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABE})\)  construction.   
 When compared with the only known \(\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABIPFE}\)  scheme due to Agrawal et al. [TCC 2021], our schemes offer significantly higher efficiency while offering greater flexibility and security under weaker assumptions at the same time. Moreover, unlike Agrawal et al., our schemes can support the appearance of the same attributes within an access policy arbitrarily many times. Since efficiency and practicality are the prime focus of this work, we prove the security of our constructions in the random oracle model against static adversaries similar to prior works on \(\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABE}\)  with similar motivations and assumptions. On the technical side, we extend the unbounded \(\textsf{IPFE}\)  techniques of Dufour-Sans and Pointcheval [ACNS 2019] to the context of \(\textsf{MA}\text {-}\textsf{ABUIPFE}\)  by introducing a novel hash-decomposition  technique.   
   
 Pratish Datta, Tapas Pal   

 Multi-Client Inner Product Encryption: Function-Hiding Instantiations Without Random Oracles  
  Abstract   
 In a Multi-Client Functional Encryption (MCFE) scheme, n  clients each obtain a secret encryption key from a trusted authority. During each time step t  , each client i  can encrypt its data using its secret key. The authority can use its master secret key to compute a functional key given a function f  , and the functional key can be applied to a collection of n  clients’ ciphertexts encrypted to the same time step, resulting in the outcome of f  on the clients’ data. In this paper, we focus on MCFE for inner-product  computations.   
 If an MCFE scheme hides not only the clients’ data, but also the function f  , we say it is function hiding  . Although MCFE for inner-product computation has been extensively studied, how to achieve function privacy is still poorly understood. The very recent work of Agrawal et al. showed how to construct a function-hiding  MCFE scheme for inner-product assuming standard bilinear group assumptions; however, they assume the existence of a random oracle and prove only a relaxed, selective security notion. An intriguing open question is whether we can achieve function-hiding MCFE for inner-product without  random oracles.   
 In this work, we are the first to show a function-hiding MCFE scheme for inner products, relying on standard bilinear group assumptions. Further, we prove adaptive  security without the use of a random oracle. Our scheme also achieves succinct ciphertexts, that is, each coordinate in the plaintext vector encrypts to only O  (1) group elements.   
 Our main technical contribution is a new upgrade from single-input functional encryption for inner-products to a multi-client one. Our upgrade preserves function privacy, that is, if the original single-input scheme is function-hiding, so is the resulting multi-client construction. Further, this new upgrade allows us to obtain a conceptually simple construction.   
   
 Elaine Shi, Nikhil Vanjani   

 GLUE: Generalizing Unbounded Attribute-Based Encryption for Flexible Efficiency Trade-Offs  
  Abstract   
 Ciphertext-policy attribute-based encryption is a versatile primitive that has been considered extensively to securely manage data in practice. Especially completely unbounded schemes are attractive, because they do not restrict the sets of attributes and policies. So far, any such schemes that support negations in the access policy or that have online/offline extensions have an inefficient decryption algorithm.   
 In this work, we propose GLUE (Generalized, Large-universe, Unbounded and Expressive), which is a novel scheme that allows for the efficient implementation of the decryption while allowing the support of both negations and online/offline extensions. We achieve these properties simultaneously by uncovering an underlying dependency between encryption and decryption, which allows for a flexible trade-off in their efficiency. For the security proof, we devise a new technique that enables us to generalize multiple existing schemes. As a result, we obtain a completely unbounded scheme supporting negations that, to the best of our knowledge, outperforms all existing such schemes in the decryption algorithm.   
   
 Marloes Venema, Greg Alpár   

 Key Exchange and Messaging  
 Frontmatter  
  
 EKE Meets Tight Security in the Universally Composable Framework  
  Abstract   
 (Asymmetric) Password-based Authenticated Key Exchange ((a)PAKE) protocols allow two parties establish a session key with a pre-shared low-entropy password. In this paper, we show how Encrypted Key Exchange (EKE) compiler [Bellovin and Merritt, S &P 1992] meets tight security in the Universally Composable (UC) framework. We propose a strong 2DH variant of EKE, denoted by 2DH-EKE, and prove its tight security in the UC framework based on the CDH assumption. The efficiency of 2DH-EKE is comparable to the original EKE, with only \(O(\lambda )\)  bits growth in communication ( \(\lambda \)  the security parameter), and two (resp., one) extra exponentiation in computation for client (resp., server).   
 We also develop an asymmetric PAKE scheme 2DH-aEKE from 2DH-EKE. The security reduction loss of 2DH-aEKE is N  , the total number of client-server pairs. With a meta-reduction, we formally prove that such a factor N  is inevitable in aPAKE. Namely, our 2DH-aEKE meets the optimal security loss. As a byproduct, we further apply our technique to PAKE protocols like SPAKE2 and PPK in the relaxed UC framework, resulting in their 2DH variants with tight security from the CDH assumption.   
   
 Xiangyu Liu, Shengli Liu, Shuai Han, Dawu Gu   

 A Universally Composable PAKE with Zero Communication Cost  
  (And Why It Shouldn’t Be Considered UC-Secure)   
 Abstract   
 A Password-Authenticated Key Exchange (PAKE) protocol allows two parties to agree upon a cryptographic key, when the only information shared in advance is a low-entropy password. The standard security notion for PAKE (Canetti et al., Eurocrypt 2005) is in the Universally Composable (UC) framework. We show that unlike most UC security notions, UC PAKE does not imply correctness. While Canetti et al. has briefly noticed this issue, we present the first comprehensive study of correctness in UC PAKE: 1.  We show that TrivialPAKE, a no-message protocol that does not satisfy correctness, is a UC PAKE;   

 2.  We propose nine approaches to guaranteeing correctness in the UC security notion of PAKE, and show that seven of them are equivalent, whereas the other two are unachievable;   

 3.  We prove that a direct solution, namely changing the UC PAKE functionality to incorporate correctness, is impossible;   

 4.  Finally, we show how to naturally incorporate correctness by changing the model—we view PAKE as a three-party protocol, with the man-in-the-middle adversary as the third party.   

 In this way, we hope to shed some light on the very nature of UC-security in the man-in-the-middle setting.   
   
 Lawrence Roy, Jiayu Xu   

 Sender-binding Key Encapsulation  
  Abstract   
 Secure communication is gained by combining encryption with authentication. In real-world applications encryption commonly takes the form of KEM-DEM hybrid encryption, which is combined with ideal authentication. The pivotal question is how weak the employed key encapsulation mechanism (KEM) is allowed to be to still yield universally composable (UC) secure communication when paired with symmetric encryption and ideal authentication. This question has so far been addressed for public-key encryption (PKE) only, showing that encryption does not need to be stronger than sender-binding CPA, which binds the CPA secure ciphertext non-malleably to the sender ID. For hybrid encryption, prior research unanimously reaches for CCA2 secure encryption which is unnecessarily strong. Answering this research question is vital to develop more efficient and feasible protocols for real-world secure communication and thus enable more communication to be conducted securely.   
 In this paper we use ideas from the PKE setting to develop new answers for hybrid encryption. We develop a new and significantly weaker security notion—sender-binding CPA for KEMs—which is still strong enough for secure communication. By using game-based notions as building blocks, we attain secure communication in the form of ideal functionalities with proofs in the UC-framework. Secure communication is reached in both the classic as well as session context by adding authentication and one-time/replayable CCA secure symmetric encryption respectively. We furthermore provide an efficient post-quantum secure LWE-based construction in the standard model giving an indication of the real-world benefit resulting from our new security notion. Overall we manage to make significant progress on discovering the minimal security requirements for hybrid encryption components to facilitate secure communication.   
   
 Laurin Benz, Wasilij Beskorovajnov, Sarai Eilebrecht, Jörn Müller-Quade, Astrid Ottenhues, Rebecca Schwerdt   

 Pattern Matching in Encrypted Stream from Inner Product Encryption  
  Abstract   
 Functional encryption features secret keys, each associated with a key function f  , which allow to directly recover f  ( x  ) from an encryption of x  , without learning anything more about x  . This property is particularly useful when delegating data processing to a third party as it allows the latter to perform its task while ensuring minimum data leakage. However, this generic term conceals a great diversity in the cryptographic constructions that strongly differ according to the functions f  they support.   
 A recent series of works has focused on the ability to search a pattern within a data stream, which can be expressed as a function f  . One of the conclusions of these works was that this function f  was not supported by the current state-of-the-art, which incited their authors to propose a new primitive called Stream Encryption supporting Pattern Matching (SEPM). Some concrete constructions were proposed but with some limitations such as selective security or reliance on non-standard assumptions.   
 In this paper, we revisit the relations between this primitive and two major subclasses of functional encryption, namely Hidden Vector Encryption (HVE) and Inner Product Encryption (IPE). We indeed first exhibit a generic transformation from HVE to SEPM, which immediately yields new efficient SEPM constructions with better features than existing ones. We then revisit the relations between HVE and IPE and show that we can actually do better than the transformation proposed by Katz, Sahai and Waters in their seminal paper on predicate encryption. This allows to fully leverage the vast state-of-the-art on IPE which contains adaptively secure constructions proven under standard assumptions. This results in countless new SEPM constructions, with all the features one can wish for. Beyond that, we believe that our work sheds a new light on the relations between IPE schemes and HVE schemes and in particular shows that some of the former are more suitable to construct the latter.   
   
 Élie Bouscatié, Guilhem Castagnos, Olivier Sanders   

 Backmatter  

 Metadaten   

 Titel  Public-Key Cryptography – PKC 2023    
 herausgegeben von  Alexandra Boldyreva  
  Vladimir Kolesnikov  
     
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-3-031-31368-4    
 Print ISBN  978-3-031-31367-7    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-31368-4     

 Premium Partner  

 » zur Fachgebietsseite Business IT + Informatik 

 Bildnachweise  Rittal/© Rittal, NTT Data/© NTT Data, Wildix/© Wildix, Ceyoniq Technology GmbH/© Ceyoniq Technology GmbH, arvato Systems GmbH/© arvato Systems GmbH, Ninox Software GmbH/© Ninox Software GmbH, Everyday Software S.L./© Everyday Software S.L., Redgate/© Redgate, CELONIS Labs GmbH, DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH/© DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH, all for one/© all for one, G Data CyberDefense/© G Data CyberDefense   

 Weitere Formate | Podcasts 
  Webinare Technik 
  Webinare Wirtschaft 
  Kongresse 
  Veranstaltungskalender 
  Awards 
  MyNewsletter 
  Fachgebiete | Automobil + Motoren 
  Bauwesen + Immobilien 
  Business IT + Informatik 
  Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 
  Energie + Nachhaltigkeit 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Führung 
  Marketing + Vertrieb 
  Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe 
  Versicherung + Risiko 
  Bücher 
  Zeitschriften 
  Themenseiten | Organisationspsychologie 
  Projektmanagement 
  Marketing 
  Smart Manufacturing 
  Jetzt Einzelzugang starten 
  Zugang für Unternehmen 
  Referenzkunden 
  Sustainability in Automotive 
   MyNewsletter 

  Über uns:     
  
 In eigener Sache    Das Team    Redaktionelles Leitbild    Hilfe    Referenzen      
 Unsere Produkte:     
  
 Einzelzugang    Zugang für Unternehmen    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Verlag - Bücher    KI-gestützte Suche      
 Rechtliche Informationen:     
  
 Impressum    AGB    Datenschutzerklärung    Cookies    Cookies verwalten    Verträge hier kündigen    Zahlungsarten      
 Weiterführende Links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Mediadaten    Corporate Solutions    Whitepaper    Gabler Wirtschaftslexikon    Gabler Banklexikon    Versicherungsmagazin      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3926.0