PLDI 2023   Sat 17 - Wed 21 June 2023 Orlando, Florida, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott 
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide 
  Registration 
  Code of Conduct 
  Sponsorship 
  Visa 
  Volunteers 
  Childcare 
  Program | PLDI Program 
  Your Program 
   Sat 17 Jun 
  Sun 18 Jun 
  Mon 19 Jun 
  Tue 20 Jun 
  Wed 21 Jun 
  Tracks | PLDI 2023 
  FCRC 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Social 
  Research Artifacts 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  SRC 
  Volunteering 
  W@PLDI 
  LGBTQ+ Lunch 
  SIGPLAN 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ISMM 
  LCTES 
  Workshops 
  ARRAY 
  ASA 
  CSC 
  CTSTA 
  DRAGSTERS 
  EGRAPHS 
  Infer 
  PLARCH 
  PLMW@PLDI 
  SOAP 
  Organization | PLDI 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Research Artifacts 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  SRC 
  Volunteering 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ISMM | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  LCTES | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Workshops 
  ARRAY | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ASA | Organizing Committee 
  CSC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CTSTA | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  DRAGSTERS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EGRAPHS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Infer | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLARCH | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLMW@PLDI | Organizing Committee 
  SOAP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   PLDI 2025 
  PLDI 2024 
  PLDI 2023 
  PLDI 2022 
  PLDI 2021 
  PLDI 2020 
  PLDI 2019 
  PLDI 2018 
  PLDI 2017 
  PLDI 2016 
  PLDI 2015 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  PLDI 2023  ( series  ) /  LCTES 2023 ( series  ) /  Languages, Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems LCTES 2023   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Speaker's Guide 
  Attendee's Guide 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  LCTES 2023   
  Welcome to the 24th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on L  anguages, C  ompilers, and T  ools for E  mbedded S  ystems ( LCTES  2023)!  
 LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developers from either area to relevant work and interesting problems in the other area and provide a forum where they can interact.  
 LCTES’23 is co-located with PLDI  and FCRC 2023  , sharing the venue and activities with ten top computer science conferences.  
 Proceedings   
 The proceedings for LCTES 2023 are now available in the ACM Digital Library  .  
 Attendance policy   
 Accepted papers must be presented at LCTES 2023 to appear in the proceedings. Since FCRC is an in-person conference, presentations must be in person and the presenter must register for LCTES. Under special circumstances, pre-recorded presentations are allowed but require three virtual PLDI registrations to help us cover the cost of the proceedings. If you are unable to present your paper in person, contact the general chair  as soon as possible.  
 Registration is open   
 Registrations are now open  . Access to LCTES is possible with a 2-day or single-day (Sunday) pass as part of PLDI. Make sure to tick the “LCTES” box when signing up!  
 Accommodation   
 Visit the FCRC 2023 hotel information  page to book your rooms at a discounted rate.  
 Conference attendance grants for student authors   
 If you are a student and a presenter or co-author of a paper but need money to attend the conference, you can apply for a SIGPLAN grant. Visit https://pac.sigplan.org/  to learn more.  
   
 Plenary    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-06:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-04:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+09:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+10:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+10:30) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+12:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+12:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Sun 18 Jun   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 07:30 - 09:00 | Breakfast Catering   at Royal 
 07:30   
 90m    
 Other | Breakfast   Catering 

 09:00 - 10:00 | LCTES: Keynote LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Bernhard Egger  Seoul National University   #lctes-0900-keynote-magnolia78 
 09:00   
 60m    
 Keynote | Decreasing the Miss Rate and Eliminating the Performance Penalty of a Data Filter Cache   LCTES   
 David B. Whalley  Florida State University    
  DOI 

 10:00 - 11:00 | LCTES: Code Gen LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Bernhard Egger  Seoul National University   #lctes-1000-codegen-magnolia78 
 10:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Facilitating the Bootstrapping of a New ISA   LCTES   
 Abigail Mortensen  Florida State University  , Scott Pomerville  Michigan Technological University  , David B. Whalley  Florida State University  , Soner Onder  Michigan Technological University  , Gang-Ryung Uh  Florida State University    
  DOI 
 10:20   
 20m    
 Talk | Synchronization-aware NAS for an Efficient Collaborative Inference on Mobile Platforms   LCTES   
 Beom Woo Kang  Hanyang University  , Junho Wohn  Hanyang University  , Seongju Lee  Hanyang University  , Sunghyun Park  University of Michigan  , Yung-Kyun Noh  Hanyang University  , Yongjun Park  Yonsei University    
  DOI 
 10:40   
 20m    
 Talk | MinUn: Accurate ML Inference on Microcontrollers Virtual      LCTES   
 Shikhar Jaiswal  Microsoft Research  , Rahul Kranti Kiran Goli  Microsoft Research  , Aayan Kumar  Microsoft Research  , Vivek Seshadri  Microsoft Research  , Rahul Sharma  Microsoft Research    
  DOI   Pre-print   Media Attached 

 11:00 - 11:20 | Break Catering 
 11:00   
 20m    
 Coffee break | Break   Catering 

 11:20 - 12:30 | LCTES: Code/Image Size LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Jongouk Choi  University of Central Florida   #lctes-1120-codeimgsize-magnolia78 
 11:30   
 20m    
 Talk | reUpNix: Reconfigurable and Updateable Embedded Systems   LCTES   
 Niklas Golenstede  Hamburg University of Technology  , Ulf Kulau  Hamburg University of Technology  , Christian Dietrich  Hamburg University of Technology    
  DOI 
 11:50   
 20m    
 Talk | Optimizing Function Layout for Mobile Applications   LCTES   
 Ellis Hoag  Meta  , Kyungwoo Lee  Meta  , Julián Mestre  University of Sydney  , Sergey Pupyrev  Meta Platforms Inc., Facebook    
  DOI 
 12:10   
 20m    
 Talk | Thread-Level Attack-Surface Reduction   LCTES   
 Florian Rommel  Leibniz Universität Hannover  , Christian Dietrich  Hamburg University of Technology  , Andreas Ziegler  Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU)  , Illia Ostapyshyn  Leibniz Universität Hannover  , Daniel Lohmann  Leibniz Universität Hannover    
  DOI 

 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Catering   at Royal 
 12:30   
 90m    
 Lunch | Lunch   Catering 

 14:00 - 15:30 | LCTES: Scheduling & WIP LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Dongyoon Lee  Stony Brook University   #lctes-1400-scheduling-magnolia78 
 14:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Sequential Scheduling of Dataflow Graphs for Memory Peak Minimization   LCTES   
 Pascal Fradet  Inria Grenoble, France  , Alain Girault  INRIA  , Alexandre Honorat  Inria    
  DOI 
 14:20   
 20m    
 Talk | PinIt: Influencing OS Scheduling via Compiler-Induced Affinities in Embedded Media Servers Virtual      LCTES   
 Girish Mururu  Georgia Institute of Technology  , vincentni   , Ada Gavrilovska   , Santosh Pande  Georgia Institute of Technology    
  DOI 
 14:40   
 10m    
 Talk | (WIP) Towards Secure MicroPython on Morello   LCTES   
 Jeremy Singer  University of Glasgow    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 14:50   
 10m    
 Talk | (WIP) Towards Automated Identification of Layering Violations in Embedded Applications   LCTES   
 Mingjie Shen  Purdue University  , James C. Davis  Purdue University  , Aravind Machiry  Purdue University    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 15:00   
 10m    
 Talk | (WIP) Tiling for DMA-Based Hardware Accelerators Virtual      LCTES   
 Alexandre Singer  Huawei Canada Research Centre  , Kai-Ting Amy Wang  Huawei Canada Research Centre    
  DOI 

 15:30 - 16:00 | Break Catering 
 15:30   
 30m    
 Coffee break | Break   Catering 

 16:00 - 17:00 | LCTES: Storage LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Dongyoon Lee  Stony Brook University   #lctes-1600-storage-magnolia78 
 16:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Rep-RAID: An Integrated Approach to Optimizing Data Replication and Garbage Collection in RAID-enabled SSDs   LCTES   
 Jun Li  Southwest University  , Balazs Gerofi  Intel Corporation  , Francois Trahay  Telecom SudParis  , Zhigang Cai  Southwest University  , Jianwei Liao  Southwest University    
  DOI 
 16:20   
 20m    
 Talk | ISVABI: In-Storage Video Analytics Engine with Block Interface   LCTES   
 Yi Zheng  The Pennsylvania State University  , Joshua Fixelle  University of Virginia  , Pingyi Huo  The Pennsylvania State University  , Mircea R. Stan  University of Virginia  , Mike Mesnier  Intel Labs  , Vijaykrishnan Narayanan  The Pennsylvania State University    
  DOI 
 16:40   
 20m    
 Talk | LUNAR: A Native Table Engine for Embedded Devices Virtual      LCTES   
 Xiaopeng Fan  East China Normal University  , Song Yan  East China Normal University  , Yuchen Huang  East China Normal University  , Chuliang Weng  East China Normal University    
  DOI 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 Decreasing the Miss Rate and Eliminating the Performance Penalty of a Data Filter Cache  LCTES   
 David B. Whalley    
  DOI 
 Facilitating the Bootstrapping of a New ISA  LCTES   
 Abigail Mortensen  , Scott Pomerville  , David B. Whalley  , Soner Onder  , Gang-Ryung Uh    
  DOI 
 ISVABI: In-Storage Video Analytics Engine with Block Interface  LCTES   
 Yi Zheng  , Joshua Fixelle  , Pingyi Huo  , Mircea R. Stan  , Mike Mesnier  , Vijaykrishnan Narayanan    
  DOI 
 LUNAR: A Native Table Engine for Embedded Devices Virtual     LCTES   
 Xiaopeng Fan  , Song Yan  , Yuchen Huang  , Chuliang Weng    
  DOI 
 MinUn: Accurate ML Inference on Microcontrollers Virtual     LCTES   
 Shikhar Jaiswal  , Rahul Kranti Kiran Goli  , Aayan Kumar  , Vivek Seshadri  , Rahul Sharma    
  DOI   Pre-print   Media Attached 
 Optimizing Function Layout for Mobile Applications  LCTES   
 Ellis Hoag  , Kyungwoo Lee  , Julián Mestre  , Sergey Pupyrev    
  DOI 
 PinIt: Influencing OS Scheduling via Compiler-Induced Affinities in Embedded Media Servers Virtual     LCTES   
 Girish Mururu  , vincentni  , Ada Gavrilovska  , Santosh Pande    
  DOI 
 Rep-RAID: An Integrated Approach to Optimizing Data Replication and Garbage Collection in RAID-enabled SSDs  LCTES   
 Jun Li  , Balazs Gerofi  , Francois Trahay  , Zhigang Cai  , Jianwei Liao    
  DOI 
 reUpNix: Reconfigurable and Updateable Embedded Systems  LCTES   
 Niklas Golenstede  , Ulf Kulau  , Christian Dietrich    
  DOI 
 Sequential Scheduling of Dataflow Graphs for Memory Peak Minimization  LCTES   
 Pascal Fradet  , Alain Girault  , Alexandre Honorat    
  DOI 
 Synchronization-aware NAS for an Efficient Collaborative Inference on Mobile Platforms  LCTES   
 Beom Woo Kang  , Junho Wohn  , Seongju Lee  , Sunghyun Park  , Yung-Kyun Noh  , Yongjun Park    
  DOI 
 Thread-Level Attack-Surface Reduction  LCTES   
 Florian Rommel  , Christian Dietrich  , Andreas Ziegler  , Illia Ostapyshyn  , Daniel Lohmann    
  DOI 
 (WIP) Tiling for DMA-Based Hardware Accelerators Virtual     LCTES   
 Alexandre Singer  , Kai-Ting Amy Wang    
  DOI 
 (WIP) Towards Automated Identification of Layering Violations in Embedded Applications  LCTES   
 Mingjie Shen  , James C. Davis  , Aravind Machiry    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 (WIP) Towards Secure MicroPython on Morello  LCTES   
 Jeremy Singer    
  DOI   Pre-print 

 Call for Papers  
  
  Programming languages, compilers, and tools are important interfaces between embedded systems and emerging applications in the real world. Embedded systems are aggressively adapted for deep neural network applications, autonomous vehicles, robots, healthcare applications, etc. However, these emerging applications impose challenges that conflict with conventional design requirements and increase the complexity of embedded system designs. Furthermore, they exploit new hardware paradigms to scale up multicores (including GPUs and FPGAs) and distributed systems built from many cores. Therefore, programming languages, compilers, and tools are becoming more important to address these issues, such as productivity, validation, verification, maintainability, safety, and reliability for meeting both performance goals and resource constraints.  
 The 24th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems (LCTES 2023) solicits papers presenting original work on programming languages, compilers, tools, theory, and architectures that help in overcoming these challenges. Research papers on innovative techniques are welcome, as well as experience papers on insights obtained by experimenting with real-world systems and applications. Papers can be submitted to https://lctes23.hotcrp.com/  .  

 Important Dates   
 Paper submission deadline: March 24, 2023 (extended firm deadline) 
  Paper notification: April 24, 2023 
  AE submission deadline: May 1, 2023 
  AE notification: May 12, 2023 
  Camera-ready deadline: May 15, 2023 
  Conference: June 18, 2023 

 Paper Categories   
 Full paper: 10 pages presenting original work. 
  Work-in-progress paper: 4 pages papers presenting original ideas that are likely to trigger interesting discussions. 
  Accepted papers in both categories will appear in the proceedings published by ACM. In addition, this year’s LCTES introduces two journal modes.  
 All accepted full papers will be invited to be published in a special issue of the ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS). A TECS publication will require substantial additional material over the conference publication and will undergo a separate review process. 
  Rejected full papers may have the option to submit their work to the IEEE Embedded Systems Letters (ESL; 4 pages). IEEE ESL submissions will undergo a separate review process. 

 Original contributions are solicited on the topics of interest including, but not limited to:   
 Programming language challenges   
 Domain-specific languages 
  Features to exploit multicore, reconfigurable, and other emerging architectures 
  Features for distributed, adaptive, and real-time control embedded systems 
  Capabilities for specification, composition, and construction of embedded systems 
  Language features and techniques to enhance reliability, verifiability, and security 
  Virtual machines, concurrency, inter-processor synchronization, and memory management 
  Compiler challenges   
 Interaction between embedded architectures, operating systems, and compilers 
  Interpreters, binary translation, just-in-time compilation, and split compilation 
  Support for enhanced programmer productivity 
  Support for enhanced debugging, profiling, and exception/interrupt handling 
  Optimization for low power/energy, code/data size, and real-time performance 
  Parameterized and structural compiler design space exploration and auto-tuning 
  Tools for analysis, specification, design, and implementation, including: 
  Hardware, system software, application software, and their interfaces 
  Distributed real-time control, media players, and reconfigurable architectures 
  System integration and testing 
  Performance estimation, monitoring, and tuning 
  Run-time system support for embedded systems 
  Design space exploration tools 
  Support for system security and system-level reliability 
  Approaches for cross-layer system optimization 
  Theory and foundations of embedded systems   
 Predictability of resource behavior: energy, space, time 
  Validation and verification, in particular of concurrent and distributed systems 
  Formal foundations of model-based design as the basis for code generation, analysis, and verification 
  Mathematical foundations for embedded systems 
  Models of computations for embedded applications 
  Novel embedded architectures   
 Design and implementation of novel architectures 
  Workload analysis and performance evaluation 
  Architecture support for new language features, virtualization, compiler techniques, debugging tools 
  Architectural features to improve power/energy, code/data size, and predictability 
  Mobile systems and IoT   
 Operating systems for mobile and IoT devices 
  Compiler and software tools for mobile and IoT systems 
  Energy management for mobile and IoT devices 
  Memory and IO techniques for mobile and IoT devices 

 ACM Publications Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
  Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start, and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  

 Authors take note   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  

 Submission  
  
  Submissions must be in ACM SIGPLAN subformat of the acmart format (available at and explained in more detail at https://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Author/  ). Each paper should be in 10pt font and have no more than 10 pages for full papers  or 4 pages for work-in-progress papers  , excluding the bibliography. There is no limit on the page count for references. Each reference must list all authors of the paper (do not use et al.  ). The citations should be in numeric style, e.g., [52]. Submissions must be in PDF format and printable on US Letter and A4-sized paper. For papers in the work-in-progress category, add the suffix “(WIP)” to your title, such as “Title (WIP)”  .  
 To enable double-blind reviewing, submissions must adhere to two rules:  
 author names and their affiliations must be omitted; and, 
  references to related work by the authors should be in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). 
  However, nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult (e.g., important background references should not be omitted or anonymized). Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as discussed here  . Authors of accepted papers will be required to sign an ACM copyright release.  

 ACM Publications Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start, and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  

 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  

 Submission site   
 https://lctes23.hotcrp.com   

 Call for Artifacts  
  
 Submission Site   
 Submit your artifacts through https://lctes23ae.hotcrp.com  .  
 Artifact Submission Deadline  : 11:59 pm May 1, 2023 (AoE)  
  Artifact Decision Notification  : May 12, 2023  
 General Info   
 The authors of all accepted LCTES papers (including WIP papers) are invited to submit supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. Artifact Evaluation is run by a separate Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC) whose task is to assess how well the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This submission is voluntary but strongly encouraged and will not influence the final decision regarding the papers.  
 At LCTES, we follow ACM’s artifact review and badging policy, version 1.1  . ACM describes a research artifact as follows:  
 By “artifact” we mean a digital object created by the authors to be used as part of the study or generated by the experiment itself. For example, artifacts can be software systems, scripts used to run experiments, input datasets, raw data collected in the experiment, or scripts used to analyze results.  
  
 Submission of an artifact does not imply automatic permission to make its content public. AEC members will be instructed that they may not publicize any part of the submitted artifacts during or after completing the evaluation, and they will not retain any part of any artifact after evaluation. Thus, you can include models, data files, proprietary binaries, and similar items in your artifact.  
 We expect each artifact to receive three reviews. Papers that pass the Artifact Evaluation process will receive up to three ACM artifact evaluation badge(s) directly printed on the paper and available as meta information in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Artifact evaluation is single-blind. Please take precautions (e.g., turning off analytics and logging) to help prevent accidentally learning the reviewers’ identities.  
 Badging   
 The papers with accepted artifacts will be assigned official ACM artifact evaluation badges based on the criteria defined by ACM  . The AEC awards up to three types of badges that reflect the evaluation (red), availability (green), and validation (blue) of the artifact and the results of the paper. Refer to the ACM website  for detailed badge information. Note that artifacts will be evaluated with respect to the claims and presentation in the submitted version of the paper, not the camera-ready version   .  
 The awarded badges will appear on the first page of the camera-ready version of the paper. Artifact authors will be allowed to revise their camera-ready paper after being notified of their artifact’s publication to include a link to the artifact’s DOI.  
 Note that we only award the “Reproducibility” (dark blue) badge but not the “Replication” (light blue) one.  
 Guidelines   
 Carefully think which badge(s) you seek to receive | . | If your only goal is to publish your code, seek the “Availability” (green) badge. The reviewers will not exercise the artifact for its functionality or validate the paper’s claims. 
  If you wish you have your results reproduced without making your artifact documented, consistent, complete, and exercisable, seek the “Reproducibility” (blue) badge rather than the “Functionality/Reusability” (red) badge. 
  If you do not want to make the artifact available publicly, do not seek the “Availability” (green) badge. 
  Minimize the artifact setup overhead | . | A well-packaged artifact is easily usable by the reviewers and conveys the value of your work. A great way to package an artifact is as a VM image or Docker container that runs “out of the box.” We encourage authors to include pre-built binaries along with the source and build scripts that allow the AEC to regenerate the binaries to guarantee maximum transparency. Pre-built VM or docker images are preferred over scripts that build the image since this alleviates reliance on external dependencies. Make sure to test your artifact on at least one machine different than the one you used to prepare the artifact to identify missing dependencies. 
  Giving AE reviewers remote access to your machines with preinstalled (proprietary) software is possible. 
  Preparing the Artifact   
 You should make your artifact available as a single archive file and use the naming convention <paper #>.<suffix>  , where the appropriate suffix is used for the given archive format. Use a commonly-available compressed archive format such as .tgz, .tbz2, or .zip and open document formats. The link to download your artifact must protect the anonymity of the reviewers (e.g., a Google Drive URL).  
 The compressed archive should consist of three pieces:  
 The submission version of your accepted paper. 
  A | README | file (PDF or plaintext format) that explains your artifact (details below). 
  A folder containing the artifact. 
  The README.txt  should consist of two parts:  
 a | Getting Started Guide | and 
  Step-by-Step Instructions | that detail how your artifact can be evaluated. Include appropriate references to the relevant sections of your paper. 
  The Getting Started Guide  should contain instructions on how to set up (including, for example, a pointer to the VM player software, its version, and passwords if needed) and test your artifact. Anyone following this guide should be able to handle the rest of your artifact easily.  
 The Step by Step Instructions  explain how to reproduce experiments or other activities supporting your paper’s conclusions. Write this for readers who are deeply interested in your work and are studying to improve or compare against it. If your artifact runs for more than a few minutes, point this out and explain how to run it on smaller inputs.  
 Where appropriate, include descriptions of and links to files (included in the archive) that represent the expected outputs   such as log files generated by your tool for a given set of inputs. If there are warnings that can be ignored, explain what they are.  
 Further, include the following:  
 A list of claims from the paper supported by the artifact. Explain how and why the artifact supports those claims. 
  A list of claims from the paper | not | supported by the artifact. Explain why the artifact does not support those claims. Examples: performance claims cannot be reproduced in a VM, authors cannot redistribute specific benchmarks, etc. 
  When preparing your artifact, please keep in mind:  
 How accessible you are making your artifact to other researchers. 
  The AEC members will have a limited time to assess your artifact. 
  Artifact Evaluation Committee   
 Other than the chair, the AEC members are senior graduate students, postdocs, or recent Ph.D. graduates, identified with the help of the LCTES PC and recent artifact evaluation committees. Please check SIGPLAN’s Empirical Evaluation Guidelines  for some methodologies to consider during evaluation.  
 Throughout the review period, reviews will be submitted to HotCRP and continuously visible to authors. AEC reviewers will be able to continuously interact (anonymously) with authors for clarifications, system-specific patches, and other logistics to help ensure that the artifact can be evaluated. Continuous interaction prevents rejecting artifacts for “wrong library version” types of problems.  
 Our goal is that all submitted artifacts successfully pass the artifact evaluation.   

 Speaker's Guide  
   
 LCTES’23 Speaker’s Guide   
 This document is for those presenting a paper at LCTES’23. If you’re presenting at ISMM, PLDI, or a PLDI tutorial or workshop, please see the Speaker’s Guide on the page for the corresponding conference/track.  
 Congratulations on having your paper accepted at LCTES’23! This document will help ensure your presentation runs smoothly and has the best possible audience impact. Please read it in its entirety.  
 Checklist   
 Before LCTES:  
 Prepare and | practice | . 
  Ensure your talk runs for | no more than 15 minutes | . 
  Sign up for Discord | ( | details here | ). 
  Upload a backup copy of your talk slides | (details below). 
  Check the program | to establish when and where your talk will be. 
  Ensure you have a | HDMI adaptor | for your device. 
  Before your talk:  
 Familiarize yourself with the room | you will be speaking in. 
  Find and | introduce yourself to your session chair | . 
  Find the Discord channel | for your session, so you can monitor questions. 
  Attend the mandatory video check | before your session (details below). 
  Ensure that you are in the room no later than 5 minutes before your session. 
  After your talk:  
 Expect | questions from the floor | and session chair. 
  Once you’ve completed your talk and Q&A, | monitor Discord for follow-up questions | . 
  Preparing Your Talk   
 Your work will have a greater impact if you’re well prepared.  
 It is very important that you run to schedule. The LCTES’23 schedule is extremely tight, with hard stops imposed by FCRC scheduling. Session chairs have been asked to stick rigidly to the schedule.  
 Guidelines   
 Your talk should run for no more than 16 minutes | , uninterrupted. This gives you about three minutes for questions and one minute for speaker change-over. 
  Your talk should be prepared for the standard | 16:9 widescreen ratio | . If your talk is in a different ratio, at best it will be | pillarboxed | , wasting screen real estate and diminishing impact, and at worst, it won’t display correctly. 
  You will present your talk from a lectern, using a fixed lectern mic. 
  You will need to provide your talk ahead of time in either pdf or powerpoint. 
  If you have an embedded video in your presentation, please inform the video team via Discord and be sure to test it with them before your session. 
  Uploading Your Presentation   
 As an insurance against technical failures, we ask all speakers to make a backup copy of their presentation available to the video team by uploading it the day before the session. You’re welcome to upload fresh copies at any time.  
 Format: your presentation must be saved as a powerpoint or pdf file (sorry!) 
  Naming: you must use your paper ID as your file name (<LCTES paper ID>.[ppt,pptx,pdf], e.g., LCTES-paper43.pptx) 
  Location: please use this link: | https://bit.ly/pldi23upload 
  This requirement gives you assurance that if some major technical problem were to arise (such as a failure of your laptop), you will still be able to give your talk. If you do not make your presentation available in advance, and significant technical problems arise, we may have to shorten your presentation to keep to our tight schedule.  
 The requirement for you to use pdf or powerpoint for your backup copy is a pragmatic tradeoff. These slides will only be used in case of a technical emergency. We want to have the highest possible assurance that they will work without fuss on a third party device should such an emergency occur. If you use Google slides, Keynote, or some other software, please use the export feature to create either powerpoint or pdf backups.  
 If you elect not to upload a backup copy, please understand that this limits our volunteers’ capacity to assist you if a technical problem arises when you give your presentation.  
 Advice   
 There are many excellent sources of advice on giving good talks, including from Simon Peyton Jones  , Michael Hicks  , Michael Ernst  , and Derek Dreyer  . Make good use of these!  
 Mandatory Video Check   
 All speakers are required to be in the room and check in with their session chair and the video team no later than 5 minutes before their session starts. Please note that due to our very tight schedule, speakers who fail to upload their talk in advance and/or fail to attend the video check 5 minutes before their session may have their talk cut short if technical issues arise  .  
 Q&A   
 If you stick to the above schedule you will have about 3 minutes for questions. The in-room audience will be able to ask questions via a queue at a single microphone on a mic stand in the center of the room. In-room attendees and remote attendees will also be able to ask questions via Discord. Your session chair will monitor questions on Discord and might ask questions as they see them appearing there.  
 It is good practice, as the speaker, to repeat your understanding of the question before providing your answer. This is particularly important when time is tight because it reduces opportunities for time being wasted on account of a misunderstanding.  
 Once your talk is finished, please go on to Discord and respond to any questions or follow-up questions that appear there.  
 Remote Audience   
 Your talk will be streamed to Discord and YouTube with live captioning. Your remote audience will be able to write questions in the Discord channel created for your session (they won’t be able to ask questions via audio or video). They should see your slides, a video feed of you speaking, and live captions. As mentioned above, your session chair may relay questions from Discord.  
 Remote Presenters   
 LCTES’23 authors are expected to be present at the conference. If it is impossible for any of the authors to attend LCTES in person, please let the chairs know immediately.  
 Discord   
 We will use Discord as the virtual platform for this conference. You should familiarize yourself with Discord as an audience member well before your talk. We will use it for: a) the remote audience, b) delivery of remote talks, and c) communicating logistics.  
 Remote speakers will receive instructions on how to present your talk over Discord.  
 Connectivity   
 Please do the best you can to ensure that you have good connectivity at the time of your presentation. To protect against the possibility of a major technical failure, we encourage you to record a 15 minute video version of your talk, and share it with the video team well before your talk (see notes above for sharing slides). The video team can then use your video as a back-up in case of a major problem.  
 Limitations   
 Remote speakers should take care before including embedded audio in their talk. While this is possible, it can be difficult. If you need to do this, please consult directly with the video team and have it tested well in advance.  
 Q&A   
 Your session chair will introduce you and field questions just as for in-person sessions. You do not need to monitor Discord during your talk. Your Q&A will involve answering questions verbally, just as for in-person talks, only you’ll do so via video. As with in-person sessions, timing is very tight, so please be sure to stick to your 15 minute speaking time, or risk losing your Q&A time. You can respond to follow-up questions online after your talk has finished.  
   
 Attendee's Guide  
   
 Accessing Papers   
 PLDI papers are all open-access and available from the ACM Digital Library. Just follow the small “DOI” link in the PLDI schedule below the paper.  
 In-Person Attendees   
 The venue for PLDI’23 is Orlando World Center Marriott  .  
 The map here  indicates where you’ll find key events.  
 Registration   
 Please make your way to the FCRC registration desk, which will be in “Palms Registration” until Saturday noon, at which point it will move to " Cypress 2 Alcove" for the remainder of FCRC. Both are marked on the map above.  
 Welcome Reception   
 We are holding a joint welcome reception with ISCA in Royal from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm on Sunday. Everyone registered for PLDI (or ISCA) is invited.  
 Catering   
 Lunch and breakfast will be in Cypress 3, with the exception of Monday’s PLDI Awards Lunch, which will be held in Cypress 1.  
 Wi-Fi   
 FCRC provides wifi for the whole event. You should receive information on how to access it at the registration desk.  
 Discord   
 In-person attendees are warmly encouraged to use Discord (details below). You can use it to coordinate with colleagues, get updates on activities, and engage with authors via Q&A. You are very welcome to ask questions via each session’s text channel on Discord, before, during, and after the talk. If the session chair has time, they will ask the question on your behalf. Authors have been asked to check their channel for questions, so you can engage with the authors that way if not in person.  
 Virtual Attendees   
 Watching Talks (YouTube)   
 LCTES will be streamed to YouTube, and accessible to everyone (Tutorials are not streamed by our video team, but organizers may have made their own arrangements).  
 Each session will be streamed separately. The link to LCTES live stream will be visible at the top of the LCTES Discord channel and in the schedule.  
 We have paid for live subtitling of the main PLDI tracks.  
 Engaging in Q&A (Discord)   
 We encourage remote attendees to engage with talks via Discord (details below in the “Using Discord”  section).  
 Using Discord   
 As an affiliated conference, LCTES will use PLDI’s Discord server for virtual engagement. Discord is a social media platform that supports text, voice, and video chats. This section of the guide gives a brief overview of how we’ll use it and pointers to more general tips on how to use Discord.  
 Key information:  
 Our conference is completely | open and free for virtual attendees | , so our Discord server is open to everyone. 
  Please use this link  to join the PLDI’23 Discord server. 
  You can use Discord entirely | from the browser, or via an app | you install. 
  We have | one channel for each technical session | . Use that channel to engage virtually with the authors and other attendees. 
  We ask everyone to | edit their profile | to set their “server nickname” to their preferred name, and their pronouns (if they wish). Updating your avatar with a profile photo can also help improve the virtual experience. 
  Editing Your Profile   
 You first need to open user settings. At the lower left corner, you should see a small icon with your avatar and your Discord username, with a gear symbol to the right of it. If you click on the gear icon, it will open user settings.  
 On the left-hand side, you’ll see menu options. Select “Profiles”.  
 First, update your nickname. Under “Profiles”, select the “Server Profiles” tab, and ensure that the server is “PLDI 2023” under “Choose a server” like this  , and then edit your “Server Nickname” to be your preferred name, including your pronouns if you wish.  
 Next, update your avatar if you wish. Under “Profiles”, select “User Profile” and under “Avatar” select “Change Avatar”.  
 Click on the “X” at the top right to exit the user settings dialogue.  
 PLDI’s Discord Setup   
 The most important thing to know is that we’ll have a text channel for each session, and that’s the place to go to engage with the speakers at that session. You’ll find them listed under “PLDI MAIN TRACK”, “ISMM & LCTES”, and “WORKSHOPS AND TUTORIALS” respectively, as shown here  . You’ll see one channel per session for PLDI, ISMM, and LCTES and one per event for the workshops and tutorials.  
 You’ll also find links to these channels on the program, such as the link to #pldi-mon-0900-opening-royal in this example screenshot  .  
 We also have a number of other channels, including ones for general questions (#general) and for social events.  
 Discord Etiquette   
 To help make the platform friendly and engaging, we encourage you to clearly identify yourself (see notes above on editing your profile).  
 PLDI is committed to creating a safe and respectful environment for everyone. This includes conversations on Discord. Please be respectful and kind in your interactions on Discord.  
 Discord for talk Q&A   
 You can use Discord to ask questions of the authors, before the talk, during the talk, and after the talk, whether you are on-site or remote. When time permits, during each live post-talk Q&A, session chairs will be able to consult Discord and read questions on behalf of the person who posted it. Authors are encouraged to go to Discord after their talk and respond to follow-up questions.  
 How to Use Discord   
 The basic use of the text channels is quite straightforward.  
 Rather than attempting to provide a first-principles guide on how to use Discord in this document, we encourage you to check out the following references:  
 “How to Use Discord: A Beginner’s Guide” | by Boone Ashworth of Wired. 
  “Beginner’s Guide to Discord” | from Discord. 
  “How to Use Discord: A Beginner’s Guide” | by Marshall Gunnell of PCWorld. 

 Questions? Use the LCTES contact form  .    
    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 15 May 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline 
 Fri 12 May 2023  
  Artifact decision 
 Mon 1 May 2023  
  Artifact submission deadline 
 Mon 24 Apr 2023  
  Paper notification 
 Fri 24 Mar 2023  
  Paper submission deadline 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://lctes23.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Organizing Committee    
   
 Bernhard Egger General Chair    
 Seoul National University   
 South Korea 
  Dongyoon Lee Program Chair    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
  Younghyun Cho Publicity Chair, Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 University of California, Berkeley 
  Xinwei Fu Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 Amazon Web Services   
 United States 
  Daon Park Web Chair    
 Seoul National University   
 South Korea 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Dongyoon Lee PC Chair    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
  Guillaume Baudart Programme Committee    
 Inria   
 France 
  Younghyun Cho Programme Committee    
 University of California, Berkeley 
  Jongouk Choi Programme Committee    
 University of Central Florida   
 United States 
  James C. Davis Programme Committee    
 Purdue University   
 United States 
  Xinwei Fu Programme Committee    
 Amazon Web Services   
 United States 
  Adrien Guatto Programme Committee    
 IRIF, Université Paris Diderot   
 France 
  Dongjie He Programme Committee    
 UNSW   
 Australia 
  Seonyeong Heo Programme Committee    
 ETH Zurich   
 Switzerland 
  Hyeran Jeon Programme Committee    
 University of California, Merced   
 United States 
  Teresa Johnson Programme Committee    
 Google 
  Hanjun Kim Programme Committee    
 Yonsei University 
  Hyoseung Kim Programme Committee    
 University of California, Riverside   
 United States 
  Fengyun Liu Programme Committee    
 Oracle Labs   
 Switzerland 
  Tongping Liu Programme Committee    
 University of Massachusetts at Amherst 
  David Monniaux Programme Committee    
 CNRS/VERIMAG   
 France 
  Yongjun Park Programme Committee    
 Yonsei University 
  Rodrigo C. O. Rocha Programme Committee    
 Huawei   
 United Kingdom 
  Klaus Schneider Programme Committee    
 University of Kaiserslautern 
  Zili Shao Programme Committee    
 The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
  Zhaoyan Shen Programme Committee    
 Shandong University 
  Hyojin Sung Programme Committee    
 POSTECH 
  Munehiro Takimoto Programme Committee    
 Tokyo University of Science 
  Zheng Wang Programme Committee    
 University of Leeds, UK 
  Elliott Wen Programme Committee    
 The University of Auckland 
  Peter Wägemann Programme Committee    
 Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU) 
  Lei Zhang Programme Committee    
 ICT CAS 
  Tong Zhang Programme Committee    
 Samsung   
 United States 
    
 Steering Committee    
   
 No members yet 

 x  Mon 25 Nov 08:25    

  PLDI 2023   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 FCRC   
  PLDI Research Papers   
  Social   
  Research Artifacts   
  Tutorials   
  Workshops and Tutorials   
  SRC   
  Volunteering   
  W@PLDI   
  LGBTQ+ Lunch   
  SIGPLAN    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ISMM 2023   
  LCTES 2023   
  Workshops  
 ARRAY 2023   
  ASA 2023   
  CSC 2023   
  CTSTA 2023   
  DRAGSTERS 2023   
  EGRAPHS 2023   
  Infer 2023   
  PLARCH 2023   
  PLMW@PLDI 2023   
  SOAP 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott   
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide   
  Registration   
  Code of Conduct   
  Sponsorship   
  Visa   
  Volunteers   
  Childcare    
 Sign Up