Submit Search       

 New Frontiers in Pattern Languages of Practices (Takashi Iba, PLoP2023)  
   •    
 0 likes  •  93 views    

 Takashi Iba  Follow    
 Lightning Talk by Takashi Iba, Ph.D. in media and governance, Professor at Faculty of Policy Management, Keio University. at the30th Conference on Pattern Language of Programs (PLoP2023), IL, USA, Oct. 25, 2023 In this talk, I will present the new frontiers in pattern languages of practices. Historically, the concept of pattern languages originated in the 1970s as a design language for "Places" and was later applied to the domain of "Programs." Subsequently, it found applications in areas like education and organizational change, which can be considered as "Practices." In other words, the pattern language has evolved from Places, to Programs, and then to Practices. In the course of the development, we, Iba Lab and CreativeShift, Inc., have developed patterns across various fields within pattern languages of practices, writing over 3,000 patterns in more than 90 areas of practices over the past 20 years. Reflecting on our journey, we have identified five types within what is broadly labeled as "Practices": (1) Profession and Work, (2) Meta-Pattern Language, (3) Everyday Life, (4) Journey of Life, and (5) Forming Society. This talk will particularly focus on the last three types of pattern languages of practices — Everyday Life, Journey of Life, and Forming Society. We will share our own cases and experiences, including a pattern language for a good digital society, which was recently published by the Digital Agency of the Japanese Government. Read less    
   
 Read more     

 1 of 49    

 More Related Content  

    New Frontiers in Pattern Languages of Practices (Takashi Iba, PLoP2023)  
 1. | New Frontiers in Pattern | Languages of Practices PatternLanguage of Places, Programs, & Practices 
    
 2. | Lightning Talk @ | PLoP2023 (30th Anniversary) Ph.D in Media and Governance Professor at Faculty of Policy Management, Keio University President of CreativeShift, Inc. New Frontiers in Pattern Languages of Practices Takashi Iba 井庭 崇 
    
 3. | • has been | participating in PLoP conferences since 2007. • wrote 129 papers and participated in a total of 35 xPLoP conferences, including • has created 90+ pattern languages in various domain including 3,000+ patterns for past 20 years. Takashi Iba 15 appearances at PLoP 11 at EuroPLoP 7 at AsianPLoP 1 at VikingPLoP, and 1 at SugarloafPLoP! 

 5. | Evolution of Pattern | Language 
    
 6. | Pattern Language of 
    
 7. | Pattern Language of P. | P. P. 
    
 8. | Pattern Language of Places, | Programs, & Practices 
    
 9. | Christopher Alexander’s A Pattern | Language Gang of Four’s Design Patterns Kent Beck and Ward Cunningham’s OOPSLA paper ….. Pattern Language of 
    
 10. | Pedagogical Patterns Mary Lynn | Manns and Linda Rising’s Fearless Change Pattern Writing Shepherding Writers’ Workshop, …. 

 12. | Online Education Patterns 37 | Patterns for Designing Learning Styles in the Online Age Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Kiyoka Hayashi, Sawami Shibata, Erika Inoue, Sae Adachi, "Online Education Patterns, Part 1: Patterns for Linking Separate Worlds." EuroPLoP'21: 26th European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs, 2021 ◦ Sae Adachi, Sawami Shibata, Erika Inoue, Kiyoka Hayashi, Takashi Iba, "Online Education Patterns, Part 2: Patterns for Creating a New Form of Learning," 28th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP’21), 2021. ◦ Erika Inoue, Sae Adachi, Kiyoka Hayashi, Sawami Shibata, Takashi Iba, ”Online Education Patterns, Part 3: Patterns for Building a Sense of Belonging", In Proceedings of the 28th European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (EuroPLoP2023), 2023. 
    
 13. | Active Learning Patterns | for Teachers 45 patterns for teachers to support their students to be a active learners Used in more than 400 schools in collaboration with Benesse Corporation Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Takashi Iba and Yoshihiro Utsunomiya, "Active Learning Patterns for Teachers", in Sickinger, R., Baumgartner, P., Gruber-Mücke, T. (eds.), Pursuit of Pattern Languages for Societal Change: A Comprehensive Perspective of Current Pattern Research and Practice, Edition Donau- Universität Krems, 2018. 
    
 14. | Project Design Patterns 32 | patterns for generating ideas and cultivating them in collaboration with UDS Ltd. Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Takashi Iba, Fumio Kajiwara, Project Design Patterns: 32 Patterns of Practical Knowledge for Producers, Project Managers, and Those Involved in Launching New Businesses, translated by Ayaka Yoshikawa, CreativeShift, 2019 ◦ Tetsuro Kubota, Yuji Harashima, Haruka Mori, Toru Ishida, Kaori Harasawa, and Takashi Iba, “Project Design Patterns: Patterns for Designing Architectural Projects,” 5th Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (AsianPLoP2016), 2016 ◦ Takashi Iba, Haruka Mori, and Ayaka Yoshikawa, “A Pattern Language for Designing Innovative Projects: Project Design Patterns,” International Journal of Entrepreneurship and Small Business, Vol. 36, 2019, pp.491-518 
    
 15. | Value-Creation Marketing Patterns Consignment | of creation by Oraculum Co.,Ltd. under the support of the grant by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, Japan. 感性科学マーケテ ィ ング ・ パターン 実践 ・ 習得のコツのこ とば オラクルひと ・ しく み研究所 カード 40 patterns for motivating customers and building customer relationships Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Iba, T., Masai, M., Abe, Y., and Kosaka, Y., "Patterns for Motivating Customers in a Pattern Language for Value-Creation Marketing”, 9th Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (AsianPLoP2020), 2020 ◦ Iba, T., Masai, M., Abe, Y., and Kosaka, Y., “Patterns for Building Customer Relationships in a Pattern Language for Value-Creation Marketing”, European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (EuroPLoP2020), 2020 ◦ Iba, T., Masai, M., Abe, Y., and Kosaka, Y., “Patterns for learning through practicing in a pattern language for value-creation marketing”, 27th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP2020), 2020 ◦ Iba, T., Masai, M., Abe, Y., and Kosaka, Y., “Patterns for Deepening Understanding with Peers in a Pattern Language for Value-Creation Marketing”, 30th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP2020), 2023 
    
 16. | Startup Patterns 27 patterns | for developing enterprise to create the future in collaboration with Chiba Dojo Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Yuki Kawabe, Takashi Iba, Yuya Oka, Kotaro Chiba,"Start-up Patterns: A Pattern Language for Developing Enterprise to Create the Future," in 28th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP’21), 2021. 
    
 17. | Middle Leader Patterns | for Child Care 27 patterns for middle leader at preschools and kindergarten in collaboration with The Center for Early Childhood Development, Education, and Policy Research (cedep) at Graduate School of Education at The University of Tokyo. Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Takashi Iba, Kiyomi Akita, Sachiko Nozawa, Miwako Amano, and Mariko Miyata, En Dukuri no Kotoba [Words for Nurturing a Community: A Support for Middle Leaders in Preschool], in Japanese, Maruzen Publishing, 2019. 
    
 18. | Words for Caring 30 | patterns for living together at a nursing home for the elderly Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Tomoki Kaneko and Takashi Iba, Tomoni Ikiru Kotoba: Koreishamuke Home no Care to Badukuri no Hint [Words for Caring: A Pattern Language for Living Together at a Nursing Home for the Elderly], Maruzen Publishing, in Japanese, 2022. ◦ Tomoki Kaneko, Takashi Iba, Konomi Munakata, ”The 30 Extracted Patterns of the Innovative Practices of Dementia Care Service in Japan," 2022 ADI Asia Pacific Regional Conference (2022 ADI-APRC), 2022 
    
 19. | Collaboration Patterns 34 patterns | for creative collaborations Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Takashi Iba and Taichi Isaku, "Collaboration Patterns: A Pattern Language for Creative Collaborations," in Proceedings of the 18th European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (EuroPLoP2013), 2013. ◦ Takashi Iba with Iba Laboratory, Collaboration Patterns: A Pattern Language for Creative Collaborations, CreativeShift, 2014. 
    
 20. | 30 patterns for | dissolving problems based on the open dialogue approach Words for a Dialogue Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Takashi Iba and Masafumi Nagai, Taiwa no Kotoba [Words for a Dialogue], in Japanese, Maruzen Publishing, 2018. ◦ Takashi Iba, Masafumi Nagai, Reiko Asano, Tsuyoshi Ishida, Misa Eguchi, Airi Matsumiya, “Open dialogue patterns: a pattern language for collaborative problem dissolving”, Proceedings of the VikingPLoP 2017 Conference on Pattern Languages of Program, 2017 ◦ Masafumi Nagai, Takashi Iba, "Using Open Dialogue Patterns to Improve Conversation in Daily Life”, in F. Grippa, et al. (eds), Collaborative Innovation Networks: Building Adaptive and Resilient Organizations, Springer International Publishing, 2018, pp.211-222 
    
 21. | Presentation Patterns 34 patterns | for creative presentations Using this pattern language, I served as a regular commentator on Japan's public television explaining how to attractively present ideas Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Takashi Iba, Aya Matsumoto, and Kaori Harasawa, “Presentation Patterns: A Pattern Language for Creative Presentations,” in Proceedings of the 17th European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (EuroPLoP2012), 2012. ◦ Takashi Iba with Iba Laboratory, Presentation Patterns: A Pattern Language for Creative Presentations, CreativeShift, 2014. 
    
 22. | 27 Patterns for | writing research papers Academic Writing Patterns Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Sae Adachi, Kiyoka Hayashi, Elly Shimamura, Takashi Iba, "Academic Writing Patterns: A Pattern Language for Writing Creative Research Papers", in Proceedings of the 28th European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (EuroPLoP2023), 2023. 
    
 23. | Music Composition Patterns 27 | patterns for creating touching music in collaboration with Takashi Watanabe Pattern Language of Practices: Profession and Work ◦ Ryohei Suzuki, Takashi Watanabe, Takashi Iba, "Music Composition Patterns: A Pattern Language for Touching Music", in Proceedings of the 27th European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (EuroPLoP2022), 2022. 

 25. | Pattern Mining Pattern Symbolizing Pattern | Writing Pattern Language Creation Drawing a Map Grasping the Mined Elements Group Thinking Finding Overlaps Environment for Focusing Element Comprehension Element Pairing Talking while Moving Expanding Hunches Iterative Questioning Active Inquiry Discovering the Islands Mapping Islands Experience Mining Strategy for Discoveries Searching through Conversing Collecting Clues Grasping the Process Own Gut Feeling Mining Atmosphere One Section at a Time Chain Conversations Inducing Talks Quantity over Quality Qualitative Memory Idea Deposit Digging for the Seeds of Patterns Label Making Structure Building The C-P-S Island Decoding Recallable Labels Finishing the Labels The Whole and the Parts Pincer Structuring Position Confirmation Writer Assignment CPS Writing Finishing the CPS Inquiry by Writing Materials for Inquiring Meticulous Deepening Persistence to Improve Grasp the Source Personal Parallels Leaving Footprints Searching Around Deep Diving Take a Step Back Going Beyond the Individual Spiral Growth Enduring Curiosity Expressions that Move People Insightful Persuasive Empathetic Push on the Back Grasping the Problem New Perspective Finding the Essence Sentence Tweaking Finishing it as Literature Reader's Context Evolving Feelings Words to be Shared Building a View of the World Weaving the Whole A Different World Media to Create the Future Creating Coherence Top-Down Gazing Making Connections Drawingan Ideal Trustable Vision Author's Sense Making Change Common Language Proposing new Aesthetics Creating Words Expressing the Essence Words for Daily Use Symbol of the Future Essence Behind the Sentence New Words Inquiry for the Perfect Expression Imaginable Words Memorable Words Adaptable Words Atmosphere of the Word Easy First Step Capture the World Image Drawing A Symbolic Piece Paint a World Breathe Life From the Whole to the Parts Line of Expression Intuitive Comprehension Image Depth Stand in the Scene Natural Expressions Natural Cuteness Be in their Shoes Creating Excitement Editing Literature Grabbing Hook Qualitative Depth User-Friendly Layout Meaning Refinement Emotional Pull-in Poetic Softness Wide Range Order of Development Borrowing Quality Layout with Contrast Cushion Space Natural Flow A Pattern Language for Creating Pattern Languages 364 patterns for Pattern Mining, Writing, and Symbolizing Pattern Language of Practices: Meta-Pattern Language ◦ Takashi Iba and Taichi Isaku, “A Pattern Language for Creating Pattern Languages: 364 Patterns for Pattern Mining, Writing, and Symbolizing.” In Proceedings of the 23rd Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP’16), 2016. 

 27. | Learning Patterns 40 patterns | for creative learning Pattern Language of Practices: Learning ◦ Takashi Iba with Iba Laboratory, Learning Patterns: A Pattern Language for Creative Learning, CreativeShift, 2014. ◦ Takashi Iba, Toko Miyake, Miyuko Naruse, Natsumi Yotsumoto, “Learning Patterns: A Pattern Language for Active Learners”, in Proceedings of the 16th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP2009), 2009. 
    
 28. | Dialog Workshop with the | Learning Patterns 1,000 freshmen participated in dialogue workshops with using the Learning Patterns every year, for past 9 years (Keio University SFC) 
    
 29. | 27 Patterns for | Creative Reading Life with Reading in collaboration with Yurindo 10 patterns on reading for kids Pattern Language of Practices: Learning ◦ Takashi Iba, Aimi Burgoyne, Ayaka Yoshikawa, Fumie Niwai, Norihiko Kimura, Yasushi Watanabe, “Reading in the Creative Society: Approaches using the Life with Reading Pattern Language to Inspire Creative Reading”, in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP2018), 2018. ◦ Rio Nitta, Wataru Murakami, Yasushi Watanabe, Takashi Iba, "Supporting Life with Reading: 9 Patterns from A Pattern Language for Creative Reading”, in Prceedings of the 25th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP2018), 2018. 
    
 30. | Inquiry-based Learning Patterns Used | in about more than 300 high schools (more than 300,000 students) 36 Pattern for Inquiry-based learning in collaboration with Benesse Corporation Pattern Language of Practices: Learning ◦ Takashi Iba, Tankyu Pattern Cards [Pattern Cards on Inquiry-based Learning: A Pattern Language for Creative Inquiry], in Japanese. CreativeShift, 2019. 
    
 31. | Using the Collaboration | Patterns In Junior High School, Japan 

 33. | Ways of Everyday | World-Making 34 patterns for living well with working and parenting in collaboration with Kao Corporation Pattern Language of Practices: Everyday Life ◦ Iroha Ogo, Takashi Iba, Kimie Ito, Seiko Miyakawa, “Ways of Everyday World-Making: Living well with Working and Parenting”, in in R. Sickinger, P. Baumgartner, T. Gruber-Muecke (Eds.), Pursuit of Pattern Languages for Societal Change. A comprehensive perspective of current pattern research and practice, 2018. 
    
 34. | Words for a | Journey 000 36 patterns for living well with dementia WORDS FOR CARING FAMILIES WORDS FOR EVERYONE WORDS FOR THOSE LIVING WITH DEMENTIA in collaboration with Dementia Friendly Japan Initiative (DFJI) Pattern Language of Practices: Everyday Life ◦ Takashi Iba, and Makoto Okada (eds), Iba Laboratory and Dementia Friendly Japan Initiative, Words for a Journey: The Art of Being with Dementia, CreativeShift, 2015. ◦ Takashi Iba, Tomoki Kaneko, Arisa Kamada, Nao Tamaki, Makoto Okada, “Words for a Journey: A Pattern Language for Living Well with Dementia” in World Conference on Pursuit of Pattern Languages for Societal Change, published in a book: Peter Baumgartner, Tina Gruber- Muecke, Richard Sickinger (Eds.), Pursuit of Pattern Languages for Societal Change. Designing Lively Scenarios in Various Fields. Berlin: epubli, 2016, pp.152-176, 2015. ◦ Takashi Iba, Aya Matsumoto, Arisa Kamada, Nao Tamaki, and Tomoki Kaneko, "A Pattern Language for Living Well with Dementia: Words for a Journey," International Journal of Organisational Design and Engineering, Vol. 4, No.1/2, pp.85-112, 2016. 
    
 35. | Practicing based on | the pattern at a day care center Can-Do List 90000 
    
 36. | Utilizing in a | meeting for supporters in a local community 
    
 37. | Cooking Patterns 47 Patterns | for Cooking in Everyday Life Shiori Shibata Takashi Iba Yuma Akado Ayaka Yoshikawa Cooking Patterns A Pattern Language for Cooking in Everyday Life in collaboration with Cookpad, Inc. Pattern Language of Practices: Everyday Life ◦ Yuma Akado, Shiori Shibata, Ayaka Yoshikawa, Aki Sano, and Takashi Iba “Cooking Patterns: A Pattern Language for Everyday Cooking,” 5th Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (AsianPLoP 2016), 2016 ◦ Ayaka Yoshikawa, Yuma Akado, Shiori Shibata, and Takashi Iba, “Cooking Life Patterns: A Pattern Language for Enjoying: Cooking in Everyday Life,” in Proceedings of the 21st European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (EuroPLoP2016), 2016. 

 39. | Exciting Life Patterns 27 | Patterns for nurturing a life with creativity and excitement Pattern Language of Practices: Journey of Life ◦ Rio Nitta, "A Pattern Language for Nurturing an Exciting Life", Masterʼs Thesis, Graduate School of Media and Governance, Keio University 2022 ◦ Rio Nitta, Takako Kanai, Mizuki Ota, Sae Adachi, and Takashi Iba, "Future-Self Immersion Workshop with using A Pattern Language for Nurturing an Exciting Life", Focus Group, 30th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP2020), 2023. 
    
 40. | Self-Reliant Life Patterns 27 | Patterns for Filipino Youth to Live a Self-Reliant Life Pattern Language of Practices: Journey of Life ◦ Takako Kanai, Mizuki Ota, and Takashi Iba, "A Pattern Language for Filipino Youth to Live a Self-Reliant Life", 30th Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP2020), 2023. 

 42. | Digital Agency of | Japan issued a pattern language for realizing good digital society The world's fi rst instance of a Pattern Language issued by Central Government Ministries and Agencies 
    
 43. | Digital Agency was | created in September 2021 to oversee Japan’s catchup on digitalization and to boldly promote Digital Transformation across society. Digital Agency, Japan My company, CreativeShift Inc., was commissioned to create the Pattern Language. 
    
 44. | https://www.digital.go.jp/news/e840c89b-67f8-4199-8250-06c55d344101/ Leveraging Digital Technology | to Build a Better Future Digital Agency, Japan Government Pattern Language of Practices: Forming Society 
    
 45. | Core Pattern: utilizing digital for | improvement 9 Patterns for enhancing individual lives 9 Patterns for building the future society 9 Patterns for nurturing communities and activities Leveraging Digital Technology to Build a Better Future Digital Agency, Japan Government Pattern Language of Practices: Forming Society 
    
 46. | Leveraging Digital Technology | to Build a Better Future Digital Agency, Japan Government Pattern Language of Practices: Forming Society 

 48. | Digital Agency of | Japan issued a pattern language for realizing good digital society The world's fi rst instance of a Pattern Language issued by Central Government Ministries and Agencies 
    
 49. | New Frontiers in Pattern | Languages of Practices PatternLanguage of Places, Programs, & Practices 

 About  Support  Terms  Privacy  Copyright  Cookie Preferences  Do not sell or share my personal information  Everand    
   
  © 2024 SlideShare from Scribd