Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  SIGMOD ARC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Special and Co-located Events  
 Student Research Competition 
  Affiliated Workshops 
  Programming Contest 
  New Researchers Symposium 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Fees 
  Conference Format 
  Authors Instructions 
  Session Chair & Presenter Instructions 
  Student Travel Award 
  Accommodations 
  Conference Venue 
  Banquet 
  Restaurants 
  Visa Information 
  Airport & Transportation 

 SIGMOD Program  
 Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Research Papers 
  Demo Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Industrial Papers 
  Keynote Talks 
  Awards 
  Panel Discussions 
  PODS Program  
 Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Research Papers 
  Keynote Talk 
  Invited Tutorials 
  Gems of PODS 
  Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Call for Awards Nomination 
   
  Follow me on Twitter  
 Tweets by SIGMOD/PODS 2023   

 Conference Format  
 To have the best experience for all the attendees and facilitate the active discussions and collaborations between presenters and attendees, the 2023 ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference and all co-located events (such as Workshops, Panels, Tutorials, Demos, Competitions, etc.) will be in-person. Please submit the following information in a single PDF file with your application:  
 There will be NO live streaming or remote participation. The event will be geared towards 100% in-person attendance at the conference venue. 
  Each paper should have at least one author registered for in-person attendance and presentation. At least one author must register for the conference before the camera ready submission deadline, otherwise, the paper will not appear in the proceedings. Please include your CMT paper ID, assigned during the review process, when you register for the conference. 
  If a paper cannot have an in-person presenter, the authors need to provide a valid justification, e.g., travel restrictions from their government or visa application not granted for even one author etc. 
  For a paper that cannot have an in-person presenter (due to a valid justification), the authors are expected to communicate with the respective chairs to submit a pre-recorded video or make alternative presentation arrangements. 
  We plan to record some in-person plenary sessions (e.g., Keynote and Award talks) and make them available at a future date AFTER the conference as part of the ACM digital library. 
  We plan to collect pre-recorded videos for the SIGMOD research papers, industrial papers, and demos which will be made available AFTER the conference as part of the ACM digital library. 

 Credits   
  Follow our progress: