Skip to main content    
  
 eBay Home | Shop by category   Shop by category | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Enter your search keyword | All Categories | Advanced |  
 Enter your search keyword | All Categories 
  
 Hi ( Sign in  to bid or buy) | Hi! Sign in  or register 
  Daily Deals 
  Help & Contact 
  Ship to     Loading...    Error: Try Again  Ok 
  Sell 
  Watchlist   Expand Watch List      Loading...   Sign in  to see your user information 
  My eBay   Expand My eBay  Summary 
  Recently Viewed 
  Bids/Offers 
  Watchlist 
  Purchase History 
  Buy Again 
  Selling 
  Saved Searches 
  Saved Sellers 
  Messages 
   Expand Cart      Loading...   Something went wrong. View cart for details. 
    
 {"delay":300}   

  Back to home page     
 |  Listed in category:    
 breadcrumb  
 Books, Movies & Music 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Books & Magazines 
  Textbooks, Education & Reference 
  Textbooks 
  See more Theoretical Computer Science and General Issue... 

 Share     

 Picture 1 of 1  

  Gallery   
         
 Picture 1 of 1  

 Parallel Problem Solving from Nature – Ppsn XIV : 14th International Conferen...   

  Great Book Prices Store   (317582) 
    
 96.4% positive 
  Seller's other items   Seller's other items 
  Contact seller 

 US $127.07    
 Approximately   3,230,373.54 VND     

 Condition:    
 Like New   Like New       More information - About this item condition      

  Like New   
      
 A book that looks new but has been read. Cover has no visible wear, and the dust jacket (if applicable) is included for hard covers. No missing or damaged pages, no creases or tears, and no underlining/highlighting of text or writing in the margins. May be very minimal identifying marks on the inside cover. Very minimal wear and tear. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.    

 Quantity:     2 available    

 Buy It Now           Parallel Problem Solving from Nature – Ppsn XIV : 14th International Conferen...    Sign in to check out     Check out as guest 
  Add to cart 
  Add to watchlist 

 Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.  
 Refresh your browser window to try again.  
   
 Refresh Browser    

  Shipping:    

 US $24.99  (approx 635,295.78 VND)   Standard International Shipping  .  See details for shipping      

 International shipment of items may be subject to customs processing and additional charges.      International shipping  - items may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's customs value.    
    
 Sellers declare the item's customs value and must comply with customs declaration laws.    
    
 Information      
 As the buyer, you should be aware of possible:    
 • Delays  from customs inspection.    
 • Import duties  and taxes which buyers must pay.    
 • Brokerage  fees payable at the point of delivery.    
    
 Your country's customs office can offer more details, or visit eBay's page on  international trade.     
               
 Located in: Jessup, Maryland, United States    

 Delivery:    

  Estimated between  Tue, Jan 7  and  Tue, Feb 4  to  0      Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab    include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of  cleared payment cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab    . Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.    
               
 This item has an extended handling time and a delivery estimate  greater than 30 business days.    
 Please allow additional time if international delivery is subject to customs processing.    

 Returns:    

 14 days returns  .  Buyer pays for return shipping  .  See details - for more information about returns      

 Payments:    

               Diners Club       

 Shop with confidence   

 eBay Money Back Guarantee    
 Get the item you ordered or your money back.   Learn more eBay Money Back Guarantee - opens new window or tab      

 Report this item   Report this item - opens in new window or tab     

 About this item      
   
 Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.    

 eBay item number:  387095023029    

 Last updated on  Nov 23, 2024 15:56:22 PST  View all revisions View all revisions      

 Item specifics    

 Condition    
   
  Like New: A book that looks new but has been read. Cover has no visible wear, and the dust jacket ...   Read more about the condition      Like New: A book that looks new but has been read. Cover has no visible wear, and the dust jacket (if applicable) is included for hard covers. No missing or damaged pages, no creases or tears, and no underlining/highlighting of text or writing in the margins. May be very minimal identifying marks on the inside cover. Very minimal wear and tear. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.  See all condition definitions opens in a new window or tab        

 Book Title    
   
  Parallel Problem Solving from Nature – Ppsn XIV : 14th Internatio    

 ISBN    
   
  9783319458229    

 Subject Area    
   
  Computers    

 Publication Name    
   
  Parallel Problem Solving from Nature Ppsn XIV : 14th International Conference, Edinburgh, UK, September 17-21, 2016, Proceedings    

 Publisher    
   
  Springer International Publishing A&G    

 Item Length    
   
  9.2 in    

 Subject    
   
  Machine Theory, Intelligence (Ai) & Semantics, Computer Science    

 Publication Year    
   
  2016    

 Series    
   
  Theoretical Computer Science and General Issues Ser.    

 Type    
   
  Textbook    

 Format    
   
  Trade Paperback    

 Language    
   
  English    

 Item Height    
   
  2.1 in    

 Author    
   
  Emma Hart    

 Item Weight    
   
  546.4 Oz    

 Item Width    
   
  6.1 in    

 Number of Pages    
   
  Xxi, 1026 Pages    

 About this product    

 Product Information    

 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Parallel Problem Solving from Nature, PPSN 2016, held in Edinburgh, UK, in September 2016. The total of 93 revised full papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 224 submissions. The meeting began with four workshops which offered an ideal opportunity to explore specific topics in intelligent transportation Workshop, landscape-aware heuristic search, natural computing in scheduling and timetabling, and advances in multi-modal optimization. PPSN XIV also included sixteen free tutorials to give us all the opportunity to learn about new aspects: gray box optimization in theory; theory of evolutionary computation; graph-based and cartesian genetic programming; theory of parallel evolutionary algorithms; promoting diversity in evolutionary optimization: why and how; evolutionary multi-objective optimization; intelligent systems for smart cities; advances on multi-modal optimization; evolutionary computation in cryptography; evolutionary robotics - a practical guide to experiment with real hardware; evolutionary algorithms and hyper-heuristics; a bridge between optimization over manifolds and evolutionary computation; implementing evolutionary algorithms in the cloud; the attainment function approach to performance evaluation in EMO; runtime analysis of evolutionary algorithms: basic introduction; meta-model assisted (evolutionary) optimization. The papers are organized in topical sections on adaption, self-adaption and parameter tuning; differential evolution and swarm intelligence; dynamic, uncertain and constrained environments; genetic programming; multi-objective, many-objective and multi-level optimization; parallel algorithms and hardware issues; real-word applications and modeling; theory; diversity and landscape analysis.    

 Product Identifiers    

 Publisher    

 Springer International Publishing A&G    

 ISBN-10    

 3319458221    

 ISBN-13    

 9783319458229    

 eBay Product ID (ePID)    

 239528220    

 Product Key Features    

 Number of Pages    

 Xxi, 1026 Pages    

 Publication Name    

 Parallel Problem Solving from Nature Ppsn XIV : 14th International Conference, Edinburgh, UK, September 17-21, 2016, Proceedings    

 Language    

 English    

 Subject    

 Machine Theory, Intelligence (Ai) & Semantics, Computer Science    

 Publication Year    

 2016    

 Type    

 Textbook    

 Author    

 Emma Hart    

 Subject Area    

 Computers    

 Series    

 Theoretical Computer Science and General Issues Ser.    

 Format    

 Trade Paperback    

 Dimensions    

 Item Height    

 2.1 in    

 Item Weight    

 546.4 Oz    

 Item Length    

 9.2 in    

 Item Width    

 6.1 in    

 Additional Product Features    

 Series Volume Number    

 9921    

 Number of Volumes    

 1 Vol.    

 Target Audience    

 Trade    

 Illustrated    

 Yes    

 Lc Classification Number    

 Q334-342    

 Table of Content    

 Adaption, self-adaption and parameter tuning.- Differential evolution and swarm intelligence.- Dynamic, uncertain and constrained environments.- Genetic programming.- Multi-objective, many-objective and multi-level optimization.- Parallel algorithms and hardware issues.- Real-word applications and modeling.- Theory.- Diversity and landscape analysis.- Workshops and Tutorials.    

 Item description from the seller   

 About this seller     

  Great Book Prices Store    
 96.4% positive feedback  •  1.3M  items sold   

 Joined Feb 2017     

 Usually responds within 24 hours     

 Visit store    Contact              Save seller     

 Popular categories from this store   
 See all categories      
   
 Collectibles    Books & Magazines    Health & Beauty    Baby    Toys & Hobbies    Movies & TV    Video Games & Consoles    Music    Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop      

 Detailed seller ratings   
 Average for the last 12 months    
 Accurate description    
  4.9    
 Reasonable shipping cost    
  5.0    
 Shipping speed    
  4.9    
 Communication    
  4.8    

 Seller feedback  (358,981)   
 a***h (209)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Excellent eBay experience. The product was packaged safely and arrived quickly. Item was as described, good price, and received solid communication. Good seller.    Pilgrim's Regress, Paperback by Lewis, C. S., Brand New, Free shipping in the US (#385881393727) 
  8***5 (19)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     I didn't see a verbal description of this book as "hardcover" or paperback. Cover design and price were similar to both cover styles. I thought I'd left a question for the seller, but I may have done something wrong. The package was too small to match the hardcovers previously received so I returned it unopened. Seller was very efficient, and packaging offered excellent protection. Haven't checked to see if refund was processed.    Pogo 3 : Evidence to the Contrary: The Complete Syndicated Comic Strips, Hard... (#354953679255) 
  l***1 (1402)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Great seller; seller offered for sale at a reasonable price a history book of great significance; book exactly as described; seller shipped book FAST, FREE and with tracking information, a must nowadays; great communication too; rate seller 10+++++    Diary of a Soldier: Cuba: 1895-1897, Brand New, Free shipping in the US (#355418712308) 
  r***2 (266)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     Tarot pictured not the one received (I was sent a cheaper brand of the wrong design). Automated unrelated reply about delivery dates (?!) when I asked what happened. No response to further contact. To add further insult to injury the cards were sent from USA to UK in a paper envelope with no protection so were mangled on arrival. You can't get this deck in the UK, hence my order, so postage was expensive. So wrong deck, overpriced, late, destroyed, & terrible-to-no customer service! Yay! Avoid!!    Tarot of Marseilles, Cards, Brand New, Free shipping in the US (#364999279959) 
  t***p (1108)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past 6 months     Verified purchase     First and foremost I did read the negative ratings and weighed that against positives and # of sales and rolled the dice on buying from Great Book Prices Store. The book Want went missing with USPS as "Undeliverable to address" so I suspected G.B.P.S. had gone dark somehow. The book arrived several days later than "scheduled" as advertised to my relief and top rating is due. With my long history with ebay I suspect (grain of salt here!) management is in asia and translation is slow. 2 cents.    Want : Sexual Fantasies by Anonymous, Hardcover by Anderson, Gillian, Like Ne... (#356036681755) 
  t***z (63)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Fast Shipping, goog packaging, great communication, Great Seller, The Emerald Tablets of Thoth is a book of ancient esoteric knowledge, a priceless book on knowledge, a must have book to raise your conciousness!      Emerald Tablet of Hermes : The Smaragdine Table, or Tabula Smaragdina, Paperb... (#354954981214) 
  a***r (59)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past month     Verified purchase     Book was securely packed and arrived in outstanding condition--just as pictured and described. Fair price and quick shipping. Very happy---A++++ seller! Thank you!    American Cosmic : UFOs, Religion, Technology, Hardcover by Pasulka, D. W., Br... (#382767107787) 
  w***t (709)  - Feedback left by buyer.   Past year     Verified purchase     PERFECT TRANSACTION! Shipped right after payment, well packaged, arrived during the estimated time. The item is in great condition EXACTLY as described. Very Happy, very nice purchase. Excellent communication. Thank you    Windfall Battleships : Agincourt, Canada, Erin, Eagle and the Balkan and Lati... (#386149502698) 
  See all feedback    

 Back to home page   |  See More Details about  "Theoretical Computer Science and General Issues Ser.: ..."   Return to top     
 More to explore :   

 Environment, Nature & Earth Nonfiction Books Fiction & International Edition  , 
  Environment, Nature & Earth Nonfiction Books Fiction & International Cuisine  , 
  Animals & Nature Magazines  , 
  Naturalism Fiction Fiction & Nonfiction Books  , 
  Outdoor & Nature Antiquarian & Collectible Books  , 
  Nature Nonfiction Fiction & Nonfiction Books  , 
  International Edition Textbooks  , 
  Textbook International Edition Textbooks  , 
  Outdoor & Nature Wildlife Antiquarian & Collectible Books  , 
  Vintage Paperback Outdoor & Nature Antiquarian & Collectible Books 

 Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Textbooks  
 Best Sellers  
 Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders DSM-5-TR by American Psychiatric Association (2022, Trade Paperback) 
  NFPA 70, National Electrical Code Handbook : 2023 Edition by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) (2022, Hardcover) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2021 International Building Code by International Code Council (2020, Trade Paperback) 
    
 Top Rated  
 Real Anthony Fauci : Bill Gates, Big Pharma, and the Global War on Democracy and Public Health by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (2021, Hardcover) 
  Creature from Jekyll Island : A Second Look at the Federal Reserve by G. Edward Griffin (1994, Trade Paperback) 
  From Babylon to Timbuktu : A History of Ancient Black Races Including the Black Hebrews by Rudolph R. Windsor (1988, Trade Paperback) 
  International Code Council Ser.: 2018 International Residential Code for One- and Two-Family Dwellings by International Code Council (2017, Trade Paperback) 
  Self Heal by Design : The Role of Micro-Organisms for Health by Barbara O'Neill (2018, Trade Paperback) 

 Related Searches  
 Programming Massively Parallel Processors 
  Spss Statistics 
  Parallels Desktop 
  Ibm Spss Statistics Software 
  Icsp Programmer 
  Discovering Statistics Using Ibm Spss 
  Groups Practice And Process 
  Ibm Spss Statistics 
  Groups: Process And Practice 
  Introduction To Probability 
  Political Science Textbook 
  Pnp Proximity Sensors 
  Practical Programming 
  Spss Software 
  Psychology Themes And Variations 11th Edition 

 Additional site navigation  
  
 About eBay 
  Announcements 
  Community 
  Security Center 
  Seller Information Center 
  Policies 
  Affiliates 
  Help & Contact 
  Site Map 
 Copyright © 1995-2024 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility  , User Agreement  , Privacy  , Consumer Health Data  , Payments Terms of Use  , Cookies  , CA Privacy Notice  , Your Privacy Choices  and AdChoice |