Skip to content  Twitter 

 For any inquiry about the Congress please send us an e-mail to pro-ve2023@upv.es 
  Valencia, Spain 

   Home 
  Committees 
  Call for Paper 
  Special Issues and Awards 
  Conference 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Past Years 
  Paper Submissions 

 PRO-VE 2023  
 24th IFIP / Socolnet Working Conference on Virtual Enterprises  
 Valencia, Spain   

 27-29 Sep 2023  

 Resilient and Responsible Collaborative Networks  

 ¡Get the latest information on the congress!  

   Download the Booklet      

 Trends in Industry 5.0 and Society 5.0 place the emphasis on human-centric systems and the need to address societal challenges in a responsible way. Instead of purely technocentric or even business-centric approaches that have characterized most past developments, we need a balanced approach between “automation” and human/society involvement contributing to well-being.  

 On the other hand, we live in an era with more and more disruptive events, including natural and human-caused ones, which demands systems with a high degree of resilience. As frequent disruptive events become the “new normal”, we need advanced forms of transformative resilience and even antifragility. In other words, how to design and manage collaborative ecosystems that can strive and become better throughout a sequence of attacks/disruptions.  

 PRO-VE 2023 aims to analyze and discuss the contribution of Collaborative Networks to these challenges and to identify how these challenges can influence our research agenda.  

 AI and digital transformation for collaborative systems 
  Distributed cognition for resilient collaborative systems 
  Collaboration in untrustworthy environments 
  Collaborative cyber-physical systems 
  Human-machine collaboration 
  Collaborative risk management 

 Ethics, security and trust 
  Hybridization of collaboration 
  Collaboration-Competition environments 
  Collaborative innovation hubs 
  Antifragility in business ecosystems 
  Digital twinsand collaboration 

 Important Dates  

 Countdown to Pro-ve 2023  

 00  Days 
  00  Hours 
  00  Minutes 
  00  Seconds 

 Special session proposal: 13 Mar 2023 
  Abstract submission: 27 Mar 2023   -- NOW 
  Full paper submission: 24 Apr 2023   -- 12 MAY 2023 
  Results notification: 5 Jun 2023   -- 17 Jun 2023 
  Camera ready: 19 Jun 2023   -- 30 Jun 2023 

 Proceedings to be published by Springer, IFIP AICT series, submitted to be indexed by Scopus, Web of Science, and DBLP.  

 Evaluation of papers is double-blind and based on full text, considering original scientific and technological contribution. However, prospective authors should also submit a short abstract to the conference in advance, in order to check if the proposed topic fits within the conference scope.  

 Organizer  

 Universitat Politècnica de Valencia   

 Universitat Politècnica de Valencia  or UPV is a Spanish public university based in Valencia. The UPV is organized into nine higher technical schools, two faculties and two higher polytechnic schools, which are responsible for organizing the teaching of 39 degrees, and has 42 departments and 41 research centers and institutes.  

 It is the main campus of the UPV, and where the congress will be held, is located north of the city of Valencia, in Camí de Vera, between the exit of the A-7 highway towards Catalonia (Actual V-21) and the sea, which is very close. It occupies a plot of 558,306 m² on which are distributed several buildings that house 462,848 m² of built surface in various heights.  

 More info      

 PRO-VE 2023 aims to analyze and discuss the contribution of Collaborative Networks to these challenges and to identify how these challenges can influence our research agenda.  

 General chair  

 Angel Ortiz  

 Professor at the Universitat Politècnica de València  

 Twitter     Linkedin       

 Program chair  

 Luis Camarinha-Matos  

 Professor at NOVA University of Lisbon  

 Twitter     Linkedin       

 Program co-chair  

 Xavier Boucher  

 Professor at École des Mines de Saint-Étienne   

 Linkedin       

 sponsors  

 Contact 
  Past Years 
  Terms & conditions 
  Cookie Policy (EU) 
  Copyright ©2024 Pro-ve2023 . All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress  &  Designed by Bizberg Themes    

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Statistics   Statistics         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent