Skip to main content    SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY  |  Department of Computer Science     

 A–Z 
  Calendar 
  Login 
  Search SF State    Search SF State Button      SF State   This Site 

 Toggle navigation   Menu    
 Main navigation  About Expand | Employment 
  Constitution 
  Tour Campus 
  Directions to Campus 
  External Advisory Board 
  People Expand | Leadership & Staff 
  Faculty 
  Faculty on Leave 
  Adjunct Faculty 
  Lecturers 
  Emeritus Faculty 
  Graduate Teaching Assistants 
  Instructional Student Assistants (ISAs) 
  Undergrads Expand | Prospective Undergrads 
  Degree Programs & Options 
  Academic Advising 
  Prerequisite Chart 
  Funding & Scholarships 
  Student Policies 
  Forms 
  Grads Expand | Prospective Grads 
  Degree Programs & Options 
  Academic Advising 
  Master's Theses and Projects 
  Sequence of Study 
  Student Policies 
  Forms 
  Research Expand | Overview 
  Computer Science Education Research 
  Advanced Computational Technology Research 
  Cybersecurity Research 
  Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning 
  Data Perceptualization and User Experience 
  News & Events Expand | News & Press Releases 
  Events Calendar 
  CS Graduate Seminars 
  Community & Diversity Expand | Justice, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion (JEDI) 
  Initiatives 
  AI-STAARS 
  Google exploreCSR 
  Promoting Inclusivity in Computing (PINC) 
  Industry Partnerships 
  Internships and Job Opportunities 
  Support CS 

 Pacific Symposium on Biocomputing (PSB) 2023  
 Tuesday, January 03, 2023   
  Event Time  09:00 a.m. - 05:00 p.m. PT   
  Cost    
  Location  Fairmont Orchid: The Big Island of Hawaii   
  Contact Email  psb.hawaii@gmail.com   
 Registration opens August 1, 2022.    

 Overview  
 The Pacific Symposium on Biocomputing (PSB) 2023 is an international, multidisciplinary conference for the presentation and discussion of current research in the theory and application of computational methods in problems of biological significance. Papers and presentations are rigorously peer reviewed and are published in an archival proceedings volume. 2023 marks the 28th year of PSB. PSB 2023 will be held on January 3-7, 2023 at the Fairmont Orchid on the Big Island of Hawaii.   
 Workshops will be offered prior to the start of the conference.  
 PSB brings together top researchers from the US, the Asian Pacific nations, and around the world to exchange research results and address open issues in all aspects of computational biology. PSB is a forum for the presentation of work in databases, algorithms, interfaces, visualization, modeling, and other computational methods, as applied to biological problems, with emphasis on applications in data-rich areas of molecular biology.  
 The PSB has been designed to be responsive to the need for critical mass in sub-disciplines within biocomputing. For that reason, it is the only meeting whose sessions are defined dynamically each year in response to specific proposals. PSB sessions are organized by leaders in the emerging areas and targeted to provide a forum for publication and discussion of research in biocomputing's "hot topics." In this way, PSB provides an early forum for serious examination of emerging methods and approaches in this rapidly changing field.  
 For more information, please contact:  
 Tiffany Murray, PSB Conference Coordinator   
 Shriram Center for BioE & ChemE 
  443 Via Ortega, Room 213 
  BioE Altman Lab MC:4245 
  Stanford, CA 94305 USA 
  Email: psb.hawaii at gmail dot com 
  Phone: (650)725-0659 

 Upcoming Events  
   
 Beyond the Lens: Detecting Bias through Eye-Tracking Measurements and Computer Vision Techniques    
 Thursday, November 21, 2024   

 Contact  
 Email: cs-dept@sfsu.edu 
  Telephone: (415) 338-1244 
  Facebook 
  Twitter 

 Location  
 Thornton Hall 906   
  1600 Holloway Avenue  
  San Francisco, CA 94132  

 Office Hours  
 Monday - Friday 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.  

 Quick Links  
 Future Students 
  News @ SF State 

 Accessibility 
  Equity & Community Inclusion 
  Environment & Sustainability 
  Privacy Policy 
  Title IX 
    
 San Francisco State University 
  A California State University Campus 
    
 SF State Facebook 
  SF State Twitter 
  SF State Instagram 
  SF State LinkedIn