Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 QSHINE authors have enjoyed over   
  415 000 downloads    

 Register now   
 CAMERA-READY SUBMISSION   

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in QSHINE 2023!   
   
 We look forward to meeting you next year in Hangzhou, China at the 20th EAI International Conference on Heterogeneous Networking for Quality, Reliability, Security and Robustness.   

 NEXT EDITION   

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speakers   

 Prof. Song Guo    

 Prof. Panos Nasiopoulos    

 Prof. F. Richard Yu    

 Prof. Jiangchuan Liu    

 View the Full Program   

 Call for papers light w/ Springer   
 Call for papers    
   
 Indexing - Submitted for inclusion in:   
   
 Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, and more   
   
 Publication   
   
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access)    
   
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series    
   
 Learn more   

 Publishing partner   

 EAI Index   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Thank you to all the participants and volunteers for a great conference!    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  About QSHINE 2023   
 Heterogeneous networking has long been the focus of computer network and communications researchers worldwide. Since 2004, QSHINE has been established as the primary venue for researchers and practitioners to present novel ideas on heterogeneous networking related subjects, particularly for quality, experience, reliability, security and robustness of heterogeneous networking. QSHINE 2023 sets the goal to be a high-quality conference and an international forum for presentation and discussion of cutting-edge research in the field. The scope of QSHINE 2023 covers both newest theoretical and practical research topics to address the challenges from both the trending application requirements and the communication technologies.  

  Topics   
 Quality of Service (QoS) and Quality of Experience (QoE): Architectures, Protocols and Mechanisms 
  Reliability and Scalability: Modeling, Cognition, Extensibility, Big Data 
  Network Security and Privacy: Intrusion Detection, Encryption, and Blockchain 
  Robustness: Fault/ Disruption/ Disaster-tolerance, Resilience, Survivability 
  Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Online Computational Intelligence, Distributed Learning, Federated Learning, Edge Intelligence, Game-Theoretic Approaches 
  Transportation Networks: Traffic Control, Traffic Signal Processing, Intelligent Transportation 
  E-Health Networks: Biomedical Signal processing, Data Mining and PatternRecognition 
  Networks and Applications: Internet of Things, Space-Air-Ground Networks, Cloud/Edge/Fog Computing, SDN/NFV, Smart Grid, Quantum Communications & Computing, AR/VR 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library: QSHINE Conference Proceedings  .  
 QSHINE proceedings are indexed  in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 2.701 (2020)] 
  IEEE Internet of Things Journal [IF: 10.238] 
  IEEE Journal of Biomedical and Health Informatics [IF: 7.021] 
  Digital Communications and Networks [IF: 6.348] 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) | – indexed in | ESCI, | Ei Compendex & Scopus 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

  Proceedings   
  
 Part I 
  Part 2 

 Important dates  
 Late Track  
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  17 August 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  31 August 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  5 October 2023  
 Main Track  
 Loading important dates.   
   
 Previous QSHINE editions  
 2022  – Chongqing, China, People’s Republic of China  
  2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Shenzhen, People’s Republic of China  
  2018  – Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam  
  2017  – Dalian, People’s Republic of China  
  2016  – Seoul, South Korea  
  2015  – Taipei, Taiwan  
  2014  – Rhodes, Greece  
  2013  – Greater Noida, India  
  2010  – Houston, Texas, United States  
  2009  – Las Palmas, Spain  
  2008  – Hong Kong, Hong Kong  
  2007  – Vancouver, Canada  
  2006  – Waterloo, Canada  
  2005  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
  2004  – Dallas, Texas, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2023 QSHINE| EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent