dblp | Blog 
  Statistics 
   Update feed 
  XML dump 
  RDF dump 
  browse | Persons 
   Conferences 
  Journals 
  Series 
  Repositories 
  search | Search dblp 
  SPARQL queries 
   Lookup by ID 
  about | F.A.Q. 
  Team 
  Advisory Board 
   License 
  Privacy 
  Imprint 
  nfdi | NFDI - National Research Data Infrastructure Germany 
  consortia 
   NFDIxCS 
  events | | | twitter 
   NFDI4DataScience 
  ORKG 
  CEUR 
  MyBinder 
  events | | | twitter | | | publications 
   
 stop the war! | Зупиніть війну! 
  Остановите войну! 
  solidarity | - | (ua) | - | (ru) 
  news | - | (ua) | - | (ru) 
  donate | - | donate | - | donate 
   for scientists 
  ERA4Ukraine 
  Assistance in Germany 
  Ukrainian Global University 
  #ScienceForUkraine 

 We've just launched a new service: our brand new dblp SPARQL query service   . Read more about it in our latest blog post  or try out some of the SPARQL queries linked on the dblp web pages below.   

 default search action   
 combined dblp search 
  author search 
  venue search 
  publication search 

  Authors:  no matches 
     
 Venues:  no matches 
     
 Publications:  no matches 

 ask others   
 Google 
  Google Scholar 
  Semantic Scholar 
  Internet Archive Scholar 
  CiteSeerX 
  ORCID 

 "Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science - 20th International ..."  
 help us   
 How can I correct errors in dblp? 
  contact dblp 
   
 Roland Glück, Luigi Santocanale, Michael Winter (2023)   

  Trier   
 Dagstuhl 

 > Home 

 SPARQL queries   
  
 run query for this record   
 referenced publications 
  cited by publications 
  co-cited publications 
  citing venues 
  co-cited venues 
  or build your own?    

 Details and statistics  
 show external API response   
 JSON @ openalex.org 
  see also:   
 API doc @ openalex.org 

 DOI:  10.1007/978-3-031-28083-2   
 access:  closed  
 type:  Editorship  
 metadata version:  2023-03-10  
   
 Open Alex   

 view   
 table of contents in dblp 
  electronic edition via DOI 
  unpaywalled version 
  authority control: 
  export record   
 BibTeX 
  RIS 
  RDF N-Triples 
  RDF Turtle 
  RDF/XML 
  XML 
  dblp key:   
 conf/RelMiCS/2023 
  ask others   
 Google 
  Google Scholar 
  Semantic Scholar 
  Internet Archive Scholar 
  CiteSeerX 
  PubPeer 
  share record   
 Twitter 
  Reddit 
  BibSonomy 
  LinkedIn 
  Facebook 
  persistent URL:   
 https://dblp.org/rec/conf/RelMiCS/2023 | Roland Glück     , Luigi Santocanale     , Michael Winter    :  
  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science - 20th International Conference, RAMiCS 2023, Augsburg, Germany, April 3-6, 2023, Proceedings.  Lecture Notes in Computer Science    13896, Springer  2023  , ISBN 978-3-031-28082-5  [contents] 
    
 Please note:  Providing information about references and citations is only possible thanks to to the open metadata APIs provided by crossref.org  and opencitations.net  . If citation data of your publications is not openly available yet, then please consider asking your publisher to release your citation data to the public.  For more information please see the Initiative for Open Citations (I4OC)  . Please also note that there is no way of submitting missing references or citation data directly to dblp.  
   
 Please also note that this feature is work in progress  and that it is still far from being perfect. That is, in particular,  
 the lists below may be incomplete due to unavailable citation data, 
  reference strings may not have been successfully mapped to the items listed in dblp, and 
  we do not have complete and curated metadata for all items given in these lists. 
    
 JavaScript is requires in order to retrieve and display any references and citations for this record.  
   
 References  
 show external API response   
 JSON @ crossref.org 
  JSON @ opencitations.net 
  CSV @ opencitations.net 
  JSON @ semanticscholar.org 
  see also:   
 API doc @ crossref.org 
  API doc @ opencitations.net 
  API doc @ semanticscholar.org 

 Cited by  
 show external API response   
 JSON @ opencitations.net 
  CSV @ opencitations.net 
  JSON @ semanticscholar.org 
  see also:   
 API doc @ opencitations.net 
  API doc @ semanticscholar.org 

 manage site settings   
 To protect your privacy, all features that rely on external API calls from your browser are turned off by default  . You need to opt-in for them to become active. All settings here will be stored as cookies with your web browser. For more information see our F.A.Q.   
   
 Unpaywalled article links   
 Add open access links from   to the list of external document links (if available).  
  load links from unpaywall.org    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of unpaywall.org  to load hyperlinks to open access articles. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Unpaywall privacy policy  .   

 Archived links via Wayback Machine   
 For web page which are no longer available, try to retrieve content from the   of the Internet Archive (if available).  
  load content from archive.org    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of archive.org  to check for archived content of web pages that are no longer available. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Internet Archive privacy policy  .   

 Reference lists   
 Add a list of references from   ,   , and   to record detail pages.  
  load references from crossref.org and opencitations.net    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the APIs of crossref.org  , opencitations.net  , and semanticscholar.org  to load article reference information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Crossref privacy policy  and the OpenCitations privacy policy  , as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy  covering Semantic Scholar.   

 Citation data   
 Add a list of citing articles from   and   to record detail pages.  
  load citations from opencitations.net    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of opencitations.net  and semanticscholar.org  to load citation information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the OpenCitations privacy policy  as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy  covering Semantic Scholar.   

 OpenAlex data   
 Load additional information about publications from   .  
  load data from openalex.org    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of openalex.org  to load additional information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the information given by OpenAlex  .   

   last updated on 2023-03-10 15:47 CET by the dblp team   
   all metadata released as open data  under CC0 1.0 license   
 see also: Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy  | Imprint   
   
 dblp was originally created in 1993 at:  
     
 since 2018, dblp has been operated and maintained by:  
     
 the dblp computer science bibliography is funded and supported by: