Skip to main content  Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

 Main navigation  
 Publications | IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 
  IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Information Theory 
  IEEE BITS the Information Theory Magazine 
  IEEE Information Theory Society Newsletter 
  Conferences | IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory 
  IEEE Information Theory Workshop 
  Schools of Information Theory 
  Calendar of Upcoming Events 
  Information for Organizers 
  Videos 
  Membership | About Us 
  Become a Member 
  Chapters 
  Distinguished Lecturer Program 
  Awards | Awards 
  Make a Nomination 
  IEEE Fellows 
  Golden Jubilee Awards 
  Chapter of the Year Award 
  Community | Board of Governors 
  Committees 
  BoG Meetings 
  BoG Meeting Minutes 
  Governing Documents 
  Society Administrator 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Outreach 
  Thomas: Teaching Resources 
  Volunteer 
  News | News 
  Job Board 
  Submit an Announcement 
  Subscribe to the Mailing List 
  Help 
   
 Search  
 Search     
 Search    

 Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

  Home 
  Call for Papers (DEADLINE EXTENDED): XVIII International Symposium "Problems of Redundancy in Information and Control Systems" (REDUNDANCY 2023) 

 Call for Papers (DEADLINE EXTENDED): XVIII International Symposium "Problems of Redundancy in Information and Control Systems" (REDUNDANCY 2023)    
  
 Call for Papers (DEADLINE EXTENDED): XVIII International Symposium "Problems of Redundancy in Information and Control Systems" (REDUNDANCY 2023)    
   
 The 18th International Symposium on "Problems of Redundancy in Information and Control Systems" will take place on 24-27th October 2023. Extended paper submission deadline is the 1st of September, 2023.   

 Dear esteemed researchers and colleagues,  
 We are thrilled to announce that the Moscow Institute of Electronics and Mathematics (MIEM) at the National Research University Higher School of Economics (HSE) is hosting the 18th International Symposium on "Problems of Redundancy in Information and Control Systems" ( REDUNDANCY 2023  ). The conference will be held on 24-27th October 2023 at the MIEM HSE premises (Moscow, Tallinskaya 34).  
 This year's conference will be held in a hybrid format that allows online participation with a reduced organizational fee. In addition, the best student papers will be exempt from paying the registration fee and will receive partial compensation for travel expenses.  
 The conference is included in the CORE database, and the papers of previous years were published on the IEEEXplore platform and were indexed by Web of Science, Scopus.  
 We welcome papers on a range of topics, including, but not limited to:  
 information and coding theory 
  telecommunication technologies and networks 
  internet of things systems 
  data security 
  blockchain 
  control systems 
  The conference is organized by HSE, and is Technically Co-Sponsored by the Russian section of IEEE Information Theory Society and IEEE Siberia.  
 More information about the conference, deadlines, and requirements for papers can be found on the website https://redundancy.pro/  .  
 To participate you should register on the site. See guidelines  .  
 Looking forward to your paper submission!  
 Sincerely,  
  The Redundancy 2023 Team  

 More Information  
 Event Date   
 Oct 24, 2023  to Oct 27, 2023  Add to Calendar  2023-10-24 00:00:00  2023-10-27 00:00:00  Call for Papers (DEADLINE EXTENDED): XVIII International Symposium "Problems of Redundancy in Information and Control Systems" (REDUNDANCY 2023)  The 18th International Symposium on "Problems of Redundancy in Information and Control Systems" will take place on 24-27th October 2023. Extended paper submission deadline is the 1st of September, 2023.  Moscow  The Redundancy 2023 Team  [email protected]   America/New_York  public      
 Event location   
 Moscow   
   
 Event type   
 Hybrid   
   
 Call For Papers Deadline   
 Sep 1, 2023   
    
 Contact name   
 The Redundancy 2023 Team   

 Event URL   
 https://redundancy.pro/    

 Subscribe to Our Mailing List  
 Receive announcements about conferences, news, job openings and more by subscribing to our mailing list.  

 SUBSCRIBE    

 Footer menu  
 Home 
  Contact 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Help 

 © Copyright 2021 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.   
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.