search    expand     Skip to content    RTNS 2023   
 The 31st International Conference on Real-Time Networks and Systems, June 7-8, 2023  

 Menu  Call for papers | Submission Guidelines 
  Evaluation Criteria 
  Transparency 
  JRWRTC 
  Organizers 
  Program | Registration 
  Logistics 
  Privacy Policy 
  Gallery 
  Search for:      Search 

 Awarded Recipients   
 Posted on June 12, 2023  June 22, 2023    by Kuan-Hsun Chen      
  
 We are excited to announce again the awarded papers this year:  
 Best Paper Award   
  Minimizing Cache Usage for Real-time Systems  
  by Binqi Sun, Tomasz Kloda, Sergio Arribas Garcia, Giovani Gracioli and Marco Caccamo   
 Best Student Paper Award   
  Dimensions of fixed-priority aperiodic servers  
  by Abhishek Singh and Sanjoy Baruah   
 Best JRWRTC Paper Award   
  A first Network Calculus model for Cyclic Queing and Forwarding  
  by Damien Guidolin-Pina and Marc Boyer   
 Best Presentation Award   
 On the Reliability of Credit-Based Shaper Delay Guarantees in Decentralized Reservation Protocols  
  by Lisa Maile   
 Congratulations to all award recipients!  
   
 Posted in RTNS'23    

 Final List of Accepted Papers   
 Posted on April 3, 2023  May 18, 2023    by Kuan-Hsun Chen      
  
 Here is the list of accepted paper this year in an alphabetic order:  
  
 Title | Authors 
 Adding Empirical Real-Time Guarantees to LoRaWAN | Jose Mariano Finochietto, Ousmane Dieng, Daniel Mosse and Rodrigo Santos 
 An Evaluation of Time-triggered Scheduling in the Linux Kernel | Paraskevas Karachatzis, Jan Ruh and Silviu S. Craciunas 
 Analysis of Shared Cache Interference in Multi-Core Systems using Event-Arrival Curves | Thilo L. Fischer and Heiko Falk 
 B-TSP: An Advanced Power Safe Management Strategy for modern Multi-core Platforms under Thermal-Aware Design | Javier Pérez Rodríguez, Patrick Meumeu Yomsi, Yilian Ribot González and Luis Javier Puente Lam 
 Cache-Aware Allocation of Parallel Jobs on Multi-cores based on Learned Recency | Shuai Zhao, Xiaotian Dai, Benjamin Lesage and Iain Bate 
 Characterizing G-EDF scheduling tardiness with uniform instances on multiprocessors | Giovanni Buzzega, Gianluca Nocetti and Manuela Montangero 
 Dimensions of fixed-priority aperiodic servers | Abhishek Singh and Sanjoy Baruah 
 Enabling timing predictability in the presence of store buffers | Alban Gruin, Thomas Carle, Christine Rochange and Pascal Sainrat 
 Improved Uniprocessor Scheduling of Systems of Sporadic Constrained-Deadline Elastic Tasks | Sanjoy Baruah 
 IPDeN 2.0: Real-time NoC with selective flit deflection and buffering | Yilian Ribot González, Geoffrey Nelissen and Eduardo Tovar 
 Enabling multi-link data transmission for collaborative sensing in open road scenarios | Jonas Peeck and Rolf Ernst 
 Minimizing Cache Usage for Real-time Systems | Binqi Sun, Tomasz Kloda, Sergio Arribas Garcia, Giovani Gracioli and Marco Caccamo 
 Multi-Model Specifications and their application to Classification Systems | Alan Burns and Sanjoy Baruah 
 On the Reliability of Credit-Based Shaper Delay Guarantees in Decentralized Reservation Protocols | Lisa Maile, Dominik Voitlein, Alexej Grigorjew, Kai-Steffen Hielscher and Reinhard German 
 Procrastinating Control-Flow Integrity Framework for Periodic Real-Time Systems | Tanmaya Mishra, Jinwen Wang, Thidapat Chantem, Ryan Gerdes and Ning Zhang 
 Reducing Loss of Service for Mixed-Criticality Systems through Cache- and Stress-Aware Scheduling | Risheng Xu, Marvin Kühl, Hermann von Hasseln and Dirk Nowotka 
 Reducing Overall Path Latency in Automotive LET Scheduling via Reinforcement Learning | Benjamin Lesage, Xiaotian Dai, Shuai Zhao and Iain Bate 
 Scheduling Classifiers for Real-Time Hazard Perception Considering Functional Uncertainty | Tarek Abdelzaher, Sanjoy Baruah, Iain Bate, Alan Burns, Robert Davis and Yigong Hu 
 Task and Memory Mapping of Large Size Embedded Applications over NUMA architecture | Alessandro Druetto, Enrico Bini, Andrea Grosso, Stefano Puri, Silvio Bacci, Marco Di Natale and Francesco Paladino 
 Timing Analysis of Cause-Effect Chains with Heterogeneous Communication Mechanisms | Mario Günzel, Niklas Ueter, Kuan-Hsun Chen and Jian-Jia Chen 
 WCET analysis with procedure arguments as parameters | Sandro Grebant, Clement Ballabriga, Julien Forget and Giuseppe Lipari 

 Congratulations to all the authors!  
   
 Posted in RTNS'23    

 JRWRTC Call for Paper is online!   
 Posted on April 3, 2023  June 12, 2023    by Mario Günzel      
  
 JRWRTC 2023   
    
  The junior researchers of accepted papers in JRWRTC will be eligible to the early student registration fee (if they don’t have a paper in the main conference).  
 If you are are a young researcher looking for opportunities to present your work at the conference, please consider submitting your work to the Junior Researcher Workshop on Real-Time Computing. The submission guidelines can be found here  !  
   
 Posted in RTNS'23  , Workshop    

 Information of Venue and Logistics are ready!   
 Posted on March 22, 2023  March 28, 2023    by Kuan-Hsun Chen      
  
 Logistics   
    
 Please check the page above! We try to list down all the possible ways to reach the conference venue when you arrive Dortmund. In case you have questions, please feel free to contact the Local Organization chair  .   For your convenience, we have blocked 15-20 rooms at each hotel. Please be aware of the booking deadline of each hotel. Booking after that, we cannot guarantee the rooms are still available.  
   
 Posted in RTNS'23    

 Second Round is coming!   
 Posted on November 29, 2022  January 27, 2023    by Kuan-Hsun Chen      
  
 Please submit your papers by Jan 25th (Jan. 25th is included, AoE)!  
 New contributions will be reviewed by at lest 3 reviewers. Papers marked at “major revisions” in the first round will be reviewed by the same reviewers as in the first round. Looking forward to your submissions!  
     
 Posted in RTNS'23    

 Posts pagination  
 1  2  Next    

 Important Dates  
  
 JRWRTC | Date 
 Abstract Deadline | May 4th, 2023 
 Submission Deadline  (Firmed) | May 9th, 2023 
 Notification | May 22nd, 2023 
 Cameraready Deadline | May 29th, 2023 

 RTNS 1st Round | Date 
 Abstract  Deadline | Sept. 25th, 2022 
 Submission Deadline | Sept. 29th, 2022 
 Notification | Nov. 10th, 2022 
 Cameraready Deadline | May 3rd, 2023 

 RTNS 2nd Round | Date 
 Abstract Deadline | Jan. 23rd, 2023 
 Submission Deadline | Jan. 25th, 2023 (AoE, firm deadline) 
 Notification | Mar. 17th, 2023 
 Cameraready Deadline | May 3rd, 2023 

 Conference Date | June 7-8, 2023 

 News  
 Awarded Recipients 
  Final List of Accepted Papers 
  JRWRTC Call for Paper is online! 
  Information of Venue and Logistics are ready! 
  Second Round is coming! 

 Copyright © RTNS'2023  

 Background © Sonja Ludwig / TU Dortmund  

 Skyline © ITMC / TU Dortmund  

 Powered by Miniva WordPress Theme