Skip to content   
 RTSS 2023   
 December 5 – 8, 2023, Taipei  

  Home 
  Call for Papers | Camera-Ready Preparation 
  Conference Program | Keynote Speeches 
  Accepted Papers 
  Organizers 
  Awards 
  Hot Topics Day | 10th Workshop on Mixed Criticality (WMC) 
  Workshop on Optimization for Embedded and Real-Time Systems (OPERA) 
  2nd International Workshop on Explainability of Real-time Systems and their Analysis (ERSA) 
  Transparency | Double-Blind Submission Requirements 
  Double-Blind Policy FAQ 
  Brief Presentation 
  RTSS@Work 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Industry Session 
  Visa 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Accepted Artifact Evaluations 
  Student Travel Grants 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope of the Conference   
 The IEEE Real-Time Systems Symposium (RTSS) is the premier conference in the field of real-time systems, where researchers and practitioners showcase innovations covering all aspects of real-time systems including theory, design, analysis, implementation, evaluation and experience. RTSS’23, the 44th edition of the event, continues the trend of making RTSS an expansive and inclusive event, striving to embrace new and emerging areas of real-time systems research.  
 RTSS’23 welcomes submissions of high-quality, original research papers related to both real-time systems theory and practice. Manuscripts may be submitted to either the real-time systems track ( Track 1  ) or the design and applications track ( Track 2  ), which covers Cyber-Physical Systems, HW-SW integration and system-level design, and Internet of Things (IoT). To be in scope, ALL submissions must address some form of real-time requirements such as deadlines, response times or delay/latency.  RTSS especially welcomes new and emerging topics provided that they address some aspects of real-time requirements as stated above. Such topics may include machine learning techniques for the design and analysis of real-time systems, system design approaches for achieving real-time machine learning, resource management in autonomous systems, system-level solutions for real-time applications exploiting domain-specific accelerators, etc.  
 Track 1: Real-Time Systems Track   
 The objective of this track is to promote cutting-edge research in real-time systems, especially new and emerging topics. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to, the following: operating systems, networks, middleware, compilers, tools, scheduling, QoS support, resource management, testing and debugging, design and verification, modeling, WCET analysis, performance analysis, fault tolerance, security, and system experimentation and deployment experiences.  
  Track 2: Design and Applications Track   
 This track aims to highlight novel research pertaining to designs, implementations and applications that attend to some aspect of real-time requirements. Continuing with the success in previous years, the track will particularly focus on four specialized areas:  
 Cyber-Physical Systems  
 CPS applications (such as transportation, healthcare, industrial control, etc.) interact with the physical world. Hence, they do possess real-time requirements. Papers that identify scientific foundations and technologies that advance the state-of-the-art for CPS are welcome. Topics of interest include (but are not limited to) foundations of CPS, design methods, simulation/emulation for CPS, tool chains, CPS architectures, security and privacy, hardware/software compositions that include physical components, performance analysis, robustness and safety, and analysis techniques and tools especially those with multiple temporal and spatial scales.  
 HW-SW Integration and System–Level Design  
 This area focuses on design methodologies and tools for hardware/software integration and co-design of modern embedded systems for real-time applications. Topics include (but are not limited to) architecture description languages and tools, hardware architectures, design space exploration, synthesis and optimization. Of special interest are SoC design for real-time applications, special-purpose functional units, specialized memory structures, multi-core chips and communication aspects, FPGA simulation and prototyping, software simulation and compilation for novel architectures and applications, as well as power, thermal, timing and predictability analyses.  
 Internet of Things (IoT)  
 Grand challenges in IoT include extremely constrained resources (energy supply, storage and computational power) in IoT devices, unprecedented scalability requirements as well as uncertain dynamics in their operating environments. Submissions that build on solid theoretical foundations, present empirical development, and experimental evaluations for empowering IoT applications with real-time requirements are welcome.  
  Paper Submissions   
 Submitted papers must describe original work not previously published or concurrently submitted elsewhere. Papers based on previous work presented at workshops are eligible for submission – if the workshop paper has a digital object identifier (DOI) then the submission must contain at least 30% new material. All submitted papers must comply with the double-blind submission requirements. The main body of each submitted paper is limited to 11 pages of technical content with additional pages permitted for bibliography only. Submissions must be formatted according to IEEE conference paper guidelines.  
 Submission Link: https://softconf.com/n/rtss2023 

 Important Dates   
 Main Conference  
 (All times are UTC-12, or "anywhere on earth," unless otherwise stated.)  
 Submission Deadline:  
  Thu May 25, 2023  
 Rebuttal Period:  
  Fri July 14, 2023 to Thu July 20, 2023  
 Paper Notification:  
  Fri August 4, 2023  
 Camera-Ready Deadline:  
  Fri October 6, 2023  
 Author Registration Deadline:  
  Mon October 26, 2023  
 Early Registration Deadline:  
  Mon November 6, 2023  
 Student Travel Grant Application Deadline:  
  Mon October 26, 2023  

 Events  

 Copyright © 2024 RTSS 2023   . Theme by Colorlib   Powered by WordPress