Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 Declarative AI 2023   Home 
  Events | RuleML+RR 
  DecisionCAMP 
  Reasoning Web 
  Keynotes 
  Schedule 
  Registration 
  Organization 
  Practical Information | Location and Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Sponsorship 
   
 Declarative AI 2023     
 Home 
  Events | RuleML+RR 
  DecisionCAMP 
  Reasoning Web 
  Keynotes 
  Schedule 
  Registration 
  Organization 
  Practical Information | Location and Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Sponsorship 
  More | Home 
  Events | RuleML+RR 
  DecisionCAMP 
  Reasoning Web 
  Keynotes 
  Schedule 
  Registration 
  Organization 
  Practical Information | Location and Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Sponsorship 

 RuleML+RR 2023   
 the 7th International Joint Conference on Rules and Reasoning   
 Oslo, Norway   
 18 - 20 September 2023   

 Call for papers    

 Home  

 Call for Papers  

 Organization  

 Rule Challenge  

 Doctoral Consortium  

 Accepted Papers  

 Program  

 Call Summary    
  
 The 7th International Joint Conference on Rules and Reasoning (  RuleML+RR 2023) aims to bring together rigorous researchers and inventive practitioners, interested in the foundations and applications of rules and reasoning in academia, industry, engineering, business, finance, healthcare and other application areas. It provides a forum for stimulating cooperation and cross-fertilization between the many different communities focused on the research, development and applications of rule-based systems. High-quality papers related to theoretical advances, novel technologies, and artificial intelligence applications that involve rule-based representation and reasoning are  solicited  .   

 Topics    
  
 RuleML+RR welcomes research from all areas of Rules and Reasoning.   
 The topics of the conference include, but are not limited to:   

 Ontology/Semantic Web    
  
 Vocabularies, ontologies, and business rules 
  Ontology-based mediated query answering 
  Rules for knowledge graphs creation and interoperation 
  Rules for knowledge graph embeddings and ontology learning 
  Rule-based data integration 
  Data management and data interoperability for web data 
  Distributed agent-based systems for the web 

 Rules for AI and AI for Rules    
  
 Rule-based approaches to natural language processing 
  Applications of rule technologies with explainable AI (xAI) elements 
  Machine learning approaches involving rules 
  Explainable AI approaches based on rules 
  FAIRness approaches based on rules 
  Rule-based approaches for intelligent systems and intelligent information access 

 Rules and Reasoning / Logics    
  
 Non-classical logics and the web 
  Description Logics, existential rules 
  Higher-order and modal rules 
  Constraint programming 
  Logic programming, ASP, and datalog 
  Rule based argumentation 
  Rule-based approaches to agents and multi-agent systems 
  Reasoning with incomplete, inconsistent and uncertain data 
  Non-monotonic, common-sense, and closed-world reasoning 
  Inconsistency-tolerant rule reasoning 

 Technical Aspects of Rule Systems / Rule Technology    
  
 Streaming data and complex event processing 
  Web reasoning and distributed rule inference and execution 
  Scalability and expressive power of logics for the Semantic Web 
  Scalability and expressive power of logics for rules 
  Data quality and benchmarks 

 Rules and Interoperability    
  
 Rule markup languages, rule interchange formats, and rule standards 
  Rule-based policies, reputation, and trust 
  Rules and human language technology 

 System Descriptions, Applications and Experiences of Ontologies and Rules    
  
 Climate change monitoring, mitigation & adaptation 
  Environmental protection 
  Agriculture and agri-food 
  Healthcare and life sciences 
  Equity and social welfare 
  Law, regulation, and finance 
  Digital Twins 
  Industrial contexts 
  Production & business rule systems 

 Submission and Publication    
  
 High-quality papers related to theoretical advances, novel technologies, and artificial intelligence applications concerning explainable algorithmic decision-making that involve rule-based representation and reasoning are solicited.   
 We accept the following submission formats for papers:   
 Long papers (up to 15 pages in   LNCS style   including references) 
  Short papers (up to 8 pages in   LNCS style   including references) 
  Long papers should present original and significant research and/or development results. Short papers should concisely describe general results or specific applications, systems, or position statements. All submissions must be prepared in Springer's LNCS style (  http://www.springer.com/comp/lncs/authors.html   ).   
 Submitted papers must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference/workshop with formal proceedings. Double submission to a workshop with informal proceedings is allowed. Papers put on arXiv are also allowed as long as they are not refereed (i.e., formally reviewed by peers). Submissions to the RuleML+RR conference   
 have the page limit of 15 (/8) pages including references 
  are  not  anonymous 
  additional material can be included as an external report. Appendices to the submission are  not  permitted. 
  The paper should be self-contained. Papers can be submitted using EasyChair   https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=declarativeai2023    
 In addition to regular submissions, RuleML+RR 2023 will include the   
 17th International Rule Challenge   and   
 the  7th Doctoral Consortium    
 which will have their own proceedings published in   CEUR   . RuleML+RR 2023 is co-located with   DecisionCAMP 2023   and the   19th Reasoning Web Summer School (RW 2023)   .   
 The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series (LNCS) after the conference. A selection of the best accepted papers of RuleML+RR 202  3  (2-6 papers) will be invited for submission to the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP).   
 The best paper will be awarded the RuleML+RR Harold Boley Distinguished Paper award  and best student paper will be awarded  RuleML+RR Best Student  Paper award.   

 Important Dates    
  
 May 20th  ,  June 17th,  2023: Title and abstract submission (  EXTENDED  ) 
  May 27th  , June 17th, 2023: Paper submission deadline (  EXTENDED  ) 
  July 1st  , July 20th, 2023: Notification of acceptance (  EXTENDED  ) 
  September 18th-20th, 2023: Conference 
   
  For each of these deadlines, a cut-off point of 23:59 AOE applies.   

 Thanks to our sponsors   

  Proceedings   
 Springer proceedings are available  online   .   
 CEUR proceedings are available  online   .   

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Page details   

 Page updated     
   
 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse