CFP  KEYNOTES  COMMITTEES  PROCEEDINGS  PROGRAM  AWARDS  VENUE  ACCOMMODATION  REGISTRATION    

 23rd International Conference on Runtime Verification  
 3 - 6 October 2023, Thessaloniki, Greece  
 CALL FOR PAPERS    

 Thessaloniki  

 The 23rd International Conference on Runtime Verification (RV'23) will take place in Thessaloniki, Greece, on October 3 - 6, 2023.  
 News  
 📣 RV’23 program is now online  .  
  Social dinner (October 5th) options - Participants fill in the form  .   
 📣 RV’23 Special Issue: A Special Issue on RV’23 has been planned in the International Journal on Software Tools for Technology Transfer (STTT)  with extended versions of the best regular papers.   
 📣 RV’23 Keynote talk  : Monitoring of Learning-Enabled Components  , Saddek Bensalem, Universirsité Grenoble Alpes.   
 📣 RV’23 Keynote talk  : Compositional Verification and Run-time Monitoring for Learning-Enabled Autonomous Systems  , Corina Pasareanu, NASA Ames.   
 Objectives and Scope  
 Runtime verification is concerned with the monitoring and analysis of the runtime behaviour of software and hardware systems. Runtime verification techniques are crucial for system correctness, reliability, and robustness; they provide an additional level of rigor and effectiveness compared to conventional testing and are generally more practical than exhaustive formal verification. Runtime verification can be used prior to deployment, for testing verification, and debugging purposes, and after deployment for ensuring reliability, safety, and security and for providing fault containment and recovery as well as online system repair. The topics of the conference include, but are not limited to: specification languages for monitoring 
  monitor construction techniques 
  program instrumentation 
  logging, recording, and replay 
  combination of static and dynamic analysis 
  specification mining and machine learning over runtime traces 
  monitoring techniques for concurrent and distributed systems 
  runtime checking of privacy and security policies 
  metrics and statistical information gathering 
  program/system execution visualization 
  fault localization, containment, resilience, recovery and repair 
  systems with learning-enabled components 
  dynamic type checking and assurance cases 
  runtime verification for autonomy and runtime assurance 
  Application areas of runtime verification include cyber-physical systems, autonomous systems safety/mission critical systems, enterprise and systems software, cloud systems, reactive control systems, health management and diagnosis systems, and system security and privacy.  
 Please see the Call for Papers  for more details.  
 The RV 2023 conference is sponsored by:  

 IMPORTANT DATES  
  
 Paper submission: | May 15, 2023 | 4 June 2023 AoE 
  Author notification: | June 30, 2023 | 7 July 2023 AoE 
  Camera-ready version: Jul 30, 2023 AoE 
  Early/Author Registration: Aug 15, 2023 AoE 
  Conference date: Oct 3-6, 2023 

 SUBMISSIONS  
 There are four categories of papers which can be submitted (page limits excluding references):  
 Regular Papers: | up to 16 pages | extended to 18 pages 
  Short Papers: | up to 8 pages | extended to 10 pages 
  Tool Demonstration | Papers: up to 8 pages | extended to 10 pages 
  Benchmark Papers: | up to 8 pages | extended to 10 pages 
  Tutorial Papers: up to 20 pages 
  Papers may be submitted using the EasyChair submission page here  .  Submissions are closed.   
   
 PROGRAM CHAIRS  
 Laura Nenzi  , University of Trieste, Italy  
 Panagiotis Katsaros  , Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece  
   
 LOCAL CHAIR  
 Panagiotis Katsaros  , Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece  

 Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece 2023