Selected Areas in Cryptography    SAC 2024 
  SAC 2025 
  History | All SACs 
  Locations 
  Historical acceptance ratio 
  Special topics 
  Invited speakers 
  Proceedings 
  Contact 

 International Conference on   
  Selected Areas in Cryptography  
   
 Canada's research conference on cryptography since 1994   

 About SAC  
 The Selected Areas in Cryptography (SAC) series was initiated in 1994, when the first workshop was held at Queen's University in Kingston. The organizing committee for that first workshop consisted of Carlisle Adams, Henk Meijer, Stafford Tavares and Paul van Oorschot. From its original emphasis on block ciphers, SAC has evolved into a leading international conference in cryptography covering a range of topics in the field.  
 SAC has been held annually since 1994 in several Canadian provinces and is the only cryptography conference series that is held annually in Canada.  

 SAC 2024 – Montréal, Quebec – August 26–30, 2024  
 SAC 2024 recently took place in Montréal. Pre-proceedings are now available on the conference website.  
 SAC 2024 website    

 SAC 2025 – Toronto, Ontario – August 12–15, 2025  
 SAC 2025 will have two submission deadlines: January 27 and May 7.  
 The special selected topic will be machine learning and cryptography: applications of machine learning to cryptography and cryptanalysis, and application of cryptanalytic techniques against machine learning algorithms.  
 SAC 2025 website    

 SAC 2026 – Victoria, BC  
 SAC 2026 will take place at the University of Victoria in British Columbia.  

 SAC 2027 – Ottawa, Ontario  
 SAC 2027 will take place at the University of Ottawa in Canada's capital city.  

  Subscribe to SAC events calendar   
 SAC Events Calendar  
 You can add the SAC events calendar to your calendar program to have the dates of the SAC conference and submission deadlines automatically appear in your calendar.  
 Apple Calendar   
 Click the following link: | webcal://sacworkshop.org/calendar.ics 
  You may be asked to allow the web browser to open the Calendar application. 

 Google Calendar   
 Follow | this link | to access the calendar import page 
  Or, from within Google Calendar click the | + | symbol next to "Other calendars" then select "From URL". 
  Enter the address | https://sacworkshop.org/calendar.ics 

 Microsoft Outlook   
 Follow | this link | to access the add calendar page on Outlook Office 365. 
  Or from within Outlook Calendar click "Add calendar". 
  Click "Subscribe from web". 
  Enter the address | webcal://sacworkshop.org/calendar.ics 

 SAC Topics  
    
 Design and analysis  
 Design and analysis of symmetric key primitives and cryptosystems including block and stream ciphers, hash functions, MAC algorithms, and authenticated encryption.  

 Implementation and efficiency  
 Efficient implementations of algorithms for symmetric, public key, and post-quantum cryptography.  

 Mathematics and algorithms  
 Mathematical and algorithmic aspects of applied cryptology, including post-quantum cryptology.  

 Selected topics  
 A special topic selected each year by the current co-chairs.  
 The special topic for SAC 2025 will be machine learning and cryptography.  
 See past selected topics  .  

 Proceedings  
 Since 1998, the proceedings of SAC  have been published in Springer's Lecture Notes in Computer Science.  

  Photo credits: Toronto, ON: Destination Toronto. 
  Victoria, BC: | Laszlo Ilyes | . 
  Ottawa, ON: | Wladyslaw | .