SACI 2023 IEEE 17 th  International Symposium on Applied Computational Intelligence and Informatics    

 Home 
  Committees 
  General Info 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Final Program 
    Accommodation 
  Contact 

  Welcome to SACI 2023!   
 Authors are welcome to submit original and unpublished papers and attend the IEEE 17 th  International Symposium on Applied Computational Intelligence and Informatics (SACI 2023)  to be held on May 23-26, 2023  in Timisoara, Romania  .  
   
  SACI conference appears on the Australian Research Council list, in class C.  
   
  Since we are still living in pandemic era, the conference is going to be organized in hybrid, ie. everyone is welcome to Timisoara to attend personally, but it is possible to present the paper online via Zoom for those who can not arrange the travel. Anyway, all papers must be presented either onsite or online. Participants have the possibility to decide the presentation method during online registration.   
 Call for Papers    

 IEEE Publication   
    
 The conference appears on the IEEE Conference Search  .  
  Conference proceedings that meet IEEE quality review standards may be eligible for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library. IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore), if the paper is not presented at the conference. 'Pay to publish' is not allowed by IEEE. So at least one author of a paper must show up and present the paper at the conference.  
  The conference proceedings is now available via IEEE Xplore  .   

 Topics include but not limited to   
 Computational Intelligence (track chair: Amir Mosavi) 
  Intelligent Mechatronics (track chair: Radu-Emil Precup) 
  Systems Engineering (track chair: Gábor Kertész) 
  Intelligent Manufacturing Systems (track chair: László Horváth) 
  Intelligent Robotics (track chair: Tamás Haidegger) 
  Informatics (track chairs: Levente Kovács and Dániel András Drexler) 
  Special Session on PhD Student Research in Applied Informatics and Numerical Mathematics (organized by László Horváth) 
  Special Session on Digitalisation, Generation Research, Consumer Trends (organized by Mónika Garai-Fodor, Ágnes Csiszárik-Kocsir and János Varga) 
  Special Session on Shared Control and Cooperative Systems (organized by Simon Rothfuß and Bálint Varga) 
  Special Session on Applied Mathematics: Nonlinear Phenomena (organized by Alexandru Kristály) 

 Plenary Speakers   
  
 Prof. Nikola K. Kasabov  : Neuroinformatics, Neural networks and Neurocomputers for Brain-inspired Computational Intelligence [abstract]  [presentation] 
 Prof. Dana Petcu  : Cognitive Cloud Continuum [abstract]  [presentation] 

 May 23-26, 2023   
 Timisoara, Romania   

 Authors' Schedule   
 Full paper submission:   
 February 24, 2023   
 Notification:   
 March 28, 2023   
 Final paper submission:   
 April 25, 2023   
   
 Venue   
 Faculty of Automation and Computers, Politehnica University of Timisoara, Timisoara, Romania   
 Address  : 2, Vasile Parvan Blvd., 300223 Timisoara   
   
 Organizers   
 Óbuda University, Budapest, Hungary 
  Politehnica University of Timisoara, Romania 
  IEEE Chapter of SMC, Romania 
    
 Sponsors   
 IEEE Hungary Section 
  IEEE Chapter of SMC, Hungary 
  IEEE Joint Chapter of IES and RAS, Hungary 
  IEEE Control Systems Chapter, Hungary 
    
 Technical Co-sponsor   
 IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society 
    
 Industrial Partners   
 Accenture 
  ATOSS 
  Continental 
  Hella 
  Krohne 
  Lives 
  Nokia 
    
 In Technical Cooperation with   
 IEEE Romania Section 
  Romanian Academy - Section of Information Science and Technology 
  ASTR - Academy of Technical Sciences, Romania 
  Romanian Academy - Timisoara Branch 
  Hungarian Fuzzy Association 
    
 Next Events   
 INES 2023 
  SISY 2023 
  CANDO-EPE 2023 
  CINTI 2023 
  SAMI 2024 
  ICCC 2024 
  SACI 2024 

 Last updated on June 26, 2023 by Annie