SACI 2023 IEEE 17 th  International Symposium on Applied Computational Intelligence and Informatics    

 Home 
  Committees 
  General Info 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Final Program 
    Accommodation 
  Contact 

  Date and Place   
 The conference will take place on May 23-26, 2023, in Timisoara, Romania.   
   
 Venue   
   
 Faculty of Automation and Computers, Politehnica University of Timisoara   

 Official Language   
 The official language of the conference is English. All the camera-ready manuscripts should be submitted in English, and presentations should be made in English.   

 Proceedings   
 Each accepted paper reaching us in time will be published in the volume of proceedings that will be distributed at the registration desk.   

 Opening Hours of the Registration Desk   
 The registration desk will be open during the conference.   

 Cancellation and Refund   
 Cancellation regarding registration fee is possible in written form received no later than April 28, 2023. In this case 80% of the received sum will be transferred back. No reimbursement is possible after this deadline.   

 Paper Presentation   
 All paper must be presented either in oral session or in poster session. If a paper, included into the proceedings, fails to be presented any way at the conference, all authors of the paper will be bar out from paper submission to conferences of the organizers in the future.  
   
  Oral Presentation  
  Presentations can be made by using computer and data projector. All authors are kindly asked to take their presentation on USB drive. To present the paper it is not allowed to use own computer. Conference room is supplied with data projector with laptop.  
   
  Poster Presentation  
  We provide e-poster facility.   

 Internet   
 There is wireless internet access in the faculty building.   

 Smoking   
 Please, be so kind to your lungs and your colleagues by not smoking in the building and social events of the conference.   

 Local Currency   
 Currency is Romanian Lei (RON) in Romania.   

 Visa Letter Request   

 May 23-26, 2023   
 Timisoara, Romania   

 Authors' Schedule   
 Full paper submission:   
 February 24, 2023   
 Notification:   
 March 28, 2023   
 Final paper submission:   
 April 25, 2023   
   
 Venue   
 Faculty of Automation and Computers, Politehnica University of Timisoara, Timisoara, Romania   
 Address  : 2, Vasile Parvan Blvd., 300223 Timisoara   
   
 Organizers   
 Óbuda University, Budapest, Hungary 
  Politehnica University of Timisoara, Romania 
  IEEE Chapter of SMC, Romania 
    
 Sponsors   
 IEEE Hungary Section 
  IEEE Chapter of SMC, Hungary 
  IEEE Joint Chapter of IES and RAS, Hungary 
  IEEE Control Systems Chapter, Hungary 
    
 Technical Co-sponsor   
 IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society 
    
 Industrial Partners   
 Accenture 
  ATOSS 
  Continental 
  Hella 
  Krohne 
  Lives 
  Nokia 
    
 In Technical Cooperation with   
 IEEE Romania Section 
  Romanian Academy - Section of Information Science and Technology 
  ASTR - Academy of Technical Sciences, Romania 
  Romanian Academy - Timisoara Branch 
  Hungarian Fuzzy Association 
    
 Next Events   
 INES 2023 
  SISY 2023 
  CANDO-EPE 2023 
  CINTI 2023 
  SAMI 2024 
  ICCC 2024 
  SACI 2024 

 SACI 2023 General Information