切换导航      English 
  简体中文 

 Home 
  News 
  Committee 
  Special Session Proposals | CFSSP 
  SSL 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Call for Papers | Call for Paper 
  Special Issue 
  Registration 
  Venue | Venue & Accommodation 
  Tour 
  Programme 
  Download 
  Contact 

 The 13th CAA Symposium on Fault Detection, Supervision, and Safety for Technical Processes (CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023) will be held during Friday through Saturday, September 22-24, 2023   , in  Yibin International Conference Center   .    
  
 CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 is sponsored by the Professional Committee on Fault Diagnosis and Safety for Technical Processes, Chinese Association of Automation (CAA). It is organized by   Sichuan University,  Sichuan University of Science & Engineering and Artificial Intelligence Key Laboratory of Sichuan Province. It aims to bring together the international researchers of this field to discuss the latest findings and advances. It will feature plenary lectures, contributed and invited sessions, and poster sessions,The English paper of the symposium might be included in the IEEE Xplore Library.    
  
 Yibin, a prefecture-level city under the jurisdiction of Sichuan Province, is known as "the first city of the Yangtze River, the wine capital of China and the bamboo capital of China". It is a famous national historical and cultural city, with 2,200 years of urban construction history, 4,000 years of Baijiu-making history and 3,000 years of tea planting history. Located in the junction of Yunnan, Guizhou and Sichuan provinces, has the junction of Jinsha River, Minjiang River and Yangtze River. The city has colorful Yangtze River culture, Baijiu culture, Bo Miao culture, Nezha culture, Anti-Japanese War culture and folk customs culture. Yibin is not only the regional central city of the urban belt along the Yangtze River determined by the state, but also the regional central city of the upper reaches of the Yangtze River, a national comprehensive transportation hub, and the open hub gateway to the south of Sichuan Province. It has national AAAA tourist attractions such as the Bamboo Sea in southern Sichuan province and Lizhuang Ancient Town, including the hanging coffins of the Bo people, Xingwen Shihai, Laojun Mountain and other cultural landscapes.    
  
  We sincerely welcome our colleagues worldwide to join us for this symposium. We look forward to seeing you in Yibin for this exciting event!    
  Scope     
  
 CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 accepts manuscripts on both theory and application. Its scope includes but not limited to the following theoretical topics or special session proposals:    
  
 Theoretical topics:    
 T01 Model based diagnosis    
 T02 Data-driven diagnosis methods    
 T03 Process supervision    
 T04 Active fault diagnosis methods    
 T05 Condition monitoring and fault prediction    
 T06 Safety and security of cyber-physical systems    
 T07 Fault-tolerant control methods    
 T08 Diagnosis and FTC of discrete-event systems    
 T09 Structural methods of fault diagnosis and FTC    
 T10 Statistical methods for fault diagnosis    
 T11 Soft computing methods for fault diagnosis    
 T12 Safety-critical systems    
 T13 Structural health monitoring    
 T14 Systems identification and states estimation    
 T15 Safety of instruments and control systems    
 T16 Risk estimation of control systems    
 T17 Self-healing control    
 T18 Nondestructive testing technology and equipment    
 T19 Real time security evaluation of control system    
  
 Special Session:    
 S01 Intelligent Maintenance and Reliability of Aviation Equipment   
 S02 Data-driven Fault Diagnosis and Fault-Tolerant Control for Complex Industrial Systems   
 S03 System Safety Cognition, Diagnosis and Decision Based on Data Intelligence   
 S04 Intelligent Brewing Equipment and Quality Control of Baijiu   
 S05 Intelligent Fault Diagnosis and Health Management of Mine Electromechanical Equipment   
 S06 Intelligent maintenance and fault diagnosis in the railway transportation system   
 S07 Real-Time Safety Assessment for Dynamic Systems   
 S08 Intelligent nondestructive testing and signal processing   
 S09 Research on operating condition recognition, optimal control and intelligent operation and maintenance of complex systems   
 S10 Research on abnormal monitoring, fault diagnosis and health management of complex equipment   
 S11 Intelligent Fault Diagnosis and Safety Control of Complex Systems   
 S12   Fault Diagnosis and Fault-Tolerant Control of Aircraft   
 S13   Underwater robot condition monitoring and fault prediction   
  
 and the following application topics     
  
 A01 Aeronautics and aerospace systems    
 A02 Automotive applications    
 A03 Electrical, mechanical and mechatronic systems    
 A04 Chemical systems    
 A05 Networked systems    
 A06 Process engineering applications    
 A07 Biosystems    
 A08 Production systems    
 A09 Marine systems    
 A10 Power systems and networks    
 A11 Robotics    
  
 Submission of a regular paper:   
  1. CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 only accepts English manuscripts.  
  2. The submitted manuscripts should contain sufficient details including key concepts and novel features of the work.  
  3. The manuscripts must be formatted according to IEEE’s Two-Column Format for Conference Proceedings and not exceed 6 pages including all text, reference, appendices, and figures. The submissions should be in PDF format which is IEEE PDF eXpress compliant.    
  
 Submission of a long abstract:   
  1. The submitted long abstract should include the research background and significance, main research work, experiments or simulations, conclusions and all other related contents;  
  2. The long abstract paper should be formatted according to IEEE’s Two-Column Format for Conference Proceedings and submitted in PDF format;  
  3. The long abstract paper will be included in the conference proceedings, but will not be indexed in the IEEE Xplore Library (No assignment of copyright);  
  4. The registration fee for long abstracts is the same as that for regular papers    
  
 Reminder:   
  The CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 will publish a Conference Proceedings. The conference papers accepted after review will be submitted to IEEE for further review and will be included in IEEE Xplore Library. After all conference papers and long abstracts are employed, the authors need to register and make oral presentation or post presentation. Regular conference papers without presentations will not be submitted for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore Library.    
  
 The links of templates and instructions for preparing the manuscript are provided below:  
  MS Word: [ Word_instructions_*.rar  ]  
  LaTex: [ LaTex_instructions_*.rar  ]    
 Download：    CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023_Poster_template     

 Log in  
   
  Account:     
   
 Password:     
   
 Log in    
 Sign up  Get password    

 Important Dates  
   
 Deadline for Submission: April 15th   30th, 2023    
  Acceptance Notification: May 31st, 2023    
  Date of Conference: September 22-24, 2023    

 News  
   
 2023-09-14 | 会议通知 
  2023-02-22 | 特邀专题会议申请表 
  2023-02-20 | 会议状态通知 

 Quick Links  
   
 Register 
  Submit Paper 
  Hotel Reservation 
    
 Attendee Group QR Code  

 Host  ：  CAA Technical Committee on Safety (CAA TCS） 
 Organizer  s：  Sichuan University  Sichuan University of Science & Engineering Artificial Intelligence Key Laboratory of Sichuan Province    
   Sichuan University of Science & Engineering science park   
  
 Co-organizer:  Yibin Research Institute, Sichuan University   
  
 Support Medias：  Advanced Engineering Sciences Journal of Chongqing University   
  
 Sponsors:  Guizhou Ciliwang Biotechnology Co., Ltd Beijing Links Tech Co., Ltd 

 Manage the conference   
   
 Copyright © The 13th CAA Symposium on Fault Detection, Supervision, and Safety for Technical Processes  
  Powered by Aconf.org  （ 艾会网  ）, One-stop Solutions for Academic Events