SAMI  2023   
 January 19-21, 2023 Herl'any, Slovakia   
   
 Home 
  Committees 
  General Information 
  Paper Submission 
  Hotel 
  Registration 
  Final Program 

  IEEE 21 st  World Symposium on Applied Machine Intelligence and Informatics  
 Welcome to SAMI 2023!  
 Authors are welcome to submit original and unpublished paper and attend the IEEE 21 st  World Symposium on Applied Machine Intelligence and Informatics (SAMI 2023)  to be held on January 19-21, 2023  in Herl'any, Slovakia  .  
  Call for Papers   
 IEEE Publication  
  The conference appears on the IEEE Conference Search  .  
  Conference proceedings that meet IEEE quality review standards may be eligible for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library. IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore), if the paper is not presented at the conference. 'Pay to publish' is not allowed by IEEE. So at least one author of a paper must show up and present the paper at the conference.  
  The conference proceedings is now available via IEEE Xplore  .  
 Scope  
 Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Technologies are very important tools in building intelligent systems with various degree of autonomous behaviour. These groups of tools support such features as ability to learn and adaptability of the intelligent systems in various types of environments and situations. The current and future Information Society is expecting to be implemented with the framework of the Ambient Intelligence (AmI) approach into technologies and everyday life.  
 Meet the SAMI family!  
 Topics  
 Intelligent Robotics 
  Intelligent Mechatronics 
  Computational Intelligence 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  CAD/CAM/CAE Systems 
  Intelligent Manufacturing Systems 
  Man-Machine Systems 
  Systems Engineering 
  Engineering Education (e-learning) 
  Informatics 
  Biomedical Engineering 
  Special Session on Recent PhD Research Achievements in Applied Informatics (organized by László Horváth) 
  Plenary Speakers  
  Prof. Pasquale Palumbo  : A Mathematical Model of the G1/S Transition for the Budding Yeast [abstract]   

    Prof. Anthony John Gall and Prof. István Kistelegdi  : Sensitivity Analysis of Building Comfort and Energy Design Variables [abstract]   

   Dr. Okyay Kaynak  : Engineering Education at the Age of Industry 5.0 [abstract]   

   Dr. Matús Pleva  : What Behavioral Signals could be Used to Identify Users? [abstract]   

  Authors' Schedule  
 Full paper submission | : | October 19, 2022 
  Notification | : November 18, 2022 
  Final paper submission | : December 20, 2022 
   Venue  
 Guest House of Technical University of Kosice in Herl'any   
  Address: 044 45 Herl'any, Slovakia  
  Coordinates: 48°48' N / 21°29' E  
 Organizers  
 Technical University of Kosice, Slovakia  
   
  Óbuda University, Budapest, Hungary  
   
  University Research and Innovation Center (EKIK)  
   
  Antal Bejczy Center for Intelligent Robotics  
   
  Elfa  
   
  Slovak Academy of Sciences  
   
  SMC TC on Computational Cybernetics  
   
  IEEE Computational Intelligence Chapter of Czechoslovak Section  
 Sponsors  
 IEEE Hungary Section  
   
  IEEE SMC Chapter, Hungary  
   
  IEEE Joint Chapter of IES and RAS, Hungary  
   
  IEEE Control Systems Chapter, Hungary  
 Technical Co-Sponsor  
 IEEE SMC Society  
 Contact  
 Anikó Szakál  , Óbuda University, Budapest, Hungary  
  e-mail: szakal@uni-obuda.hu   
   
  Iveta Zamecnikova  , Technical University of Kosice, Slovakia  
  e-mail: zamecnikova@elfa.sk   

 Next Events  
  
 ICCC 2023 
  SACI 2023 
  INES 2023 
  SISY 2023 
  CINTI 2023 
  CANDO-EPE 2023 
  SAMI 2024 

 Welcome to SAMI 2023!   
 http://conf.uni-obuda.hu/sami2023    

 Last updated on February 21, 2023 by Annie