Description 
  Topics 
  Artifacts 
  Radhia Cousot Award 
  Next edition 
  Previous editions 
  Steering Committee 
  Policies 

 The SAS pages are managed by the SAS Steering Committee  and hosted by the IMDEA Software Institute    
 SAS  
 The Static Analysis Symposia  
  
   Description  
 Static Analysis is increasingly recognized as a fundamental tool for program verification, bug detection, compiler optimization, program understanding, and software maintenance. The series of International Static Analysis Symposia (SAS) serves as the primary venue for presentation of theoretical, practical, and application advances in the area.  
  Topics  
 Contributions to the technical program for Static Analysis Symposia typically consist of invited lectures and presentations of refereed papers. While each edition is independent, traditionally contributions are welcome on all aspects of static analysis, including, but not limited to:  
  
 abstract domains | abstract interpretation 
 abstract testing | bug detection 
 data flow analysis | model checking 
 new applications | program transformation 
 program verification | security analysis 
 theoretical frameworks | type checking 
  
 Submissions can address any programming paradigm, including concurrent, constraint, functional, imperative, logic object-oriented, aspect, multi-core, distributed, GPU programming, etc. Survey papers, that present some aspect of the above topics with a new coherence, and application papers that describe experience with industrial applications, are also welcome.  
 Papers must describe original work, be written and presented in English, and must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference with refereed proceedings. Submitted papers will be judged on the basis of significance, relevance correctness, originality, and clarity. They should clearly identify what has been accomplished and why it is significant.  
  Artifacts  
 Since 2013 SAS is encouraging authors to submit a virtual machine image containing any artifacts and evaluations presented in papers. The goal of the artifact submissions is to strengthen adherence to the scientific approach in the evaluations and reproducibility of results in our field.  
 Artifact submission is optional  at the SAS conferences. The submitted artifacts are used by the program committee as a secondary evaluation criteria that will provide additional positive arguments for the paper's acceptance. Submissions without artifacts are still welcome and are not penalized. Some SAS editions publish artifacts of accepted papers.  
  Radhia Cousot Award  
 Starting in 2014, the program committee of each SAS conference selects a paper for the Radhia Cousot Young Researcher Best Paper Award  , in memory of Radhia Cousot  , and her fundamental contributions to static analysis, as well as being one of the main promoters and organizers of the SAS series of conferences.  
 Recipients of the award:  
 Denis Mazzucato (École Normale Supérieure, France), | Quantitative Static Timing Analysis | (with Marco Campion and Caterina Urban). 
   
  Josselin Giet (École Normale Supérieure, France) and Felix Ridoux (IMDEA Software Institute, Spain and University of Rennes, France), | A Product of Shape and Sequence Abstractions | (with Xavier Rival). 
   
  Daneshvar Amrollahi, Marcel Moosbrugger and Miroslav Stankovic (TU Wien, Austria), | Solving Invariant Generation for Unsolvable Loops | (with Ezio Bartocci, George Kenison, and Laura Kovács). 
   
  Tianhan Lu (University of Colorado, USA), | Selectively-Amortized Resource Bounding | (with Bor-Yuh Evan Chang and Ashutosh Trivedi) 
   
  Sung Kook Kim (University of California, USA), | Memory-Efficient Fixpoint Computation | (with Arnaud Venet and Aditya Thakur) 
   
  Anna Becchi (University of Udine, Italy), | Revisiting Polyhedral Analysis for Hybrid Systems | (with Enea Zaffanella) | Yuxiang Lei (University of Technology Sydney, Australia), | Fast and Precise Handling of Positive Weight Cycles for Field-sensitive Pointer Analysis | (with Yulei Sui) 
   
  Zvonimir Pavlinovic (New York University, USA) | The Impact of Program Transformations on Static Program Analysis | (with Kedar S. Namjoshi) | Nimit Singhania (University of Pennsylvania, USA) | Block-Size Independence for GPU Programs | (with Rajeev Alur and Joseph Devietti) 
   
  Suvam Mukherjee (Indian Institute of Science, India) and Oded Padon (Tel Aviv University, Israel), | Thread-Local Semantics and its Efficient Sequential Abstractions for Race-Free Programs | (with Sharon Shoham, Deepak D'Souza, and Noam Rinetzky) 
   
  Stefan Schulze Frielinghaus (TU Müuchen, Germany), | Enforcing Termination of Interprocedural Analysis | (with Helmut Seidl and Ralf Vogler) 
   
  Marianna Rapoport (University of Waterloo, Canada), | Precise Data Flow Analysis in the Presence of Correlated Method Calls | (with Ondrej Lhoták and Frank Tip) 
   
  Aleksandar Chakarov (University of Colorado, USA), | Expectation Invariants for Probabilistic Program Loops as Fixed Points | (with Sriram Sankaranarayanan) 
   
  Next Edition  
 The 32nd Static Analysis Symposium, SAS 2025  , will be held in Singapore, co-located with SPLASH 2025  .  
  Previous Editions  
 The series of Static Analysis Symposia  has been held in Pasadena, USA (2024)  Cascais, Portugal (2023)  , Auckland, New Zealand (2022)  , Chicago (2021)  , the whole Internet (initially planned in Chicago, Illinois, United States) (2020)  , Porto, Portugal (2019)  , Freiburg, Germany (2018)  , New York (2017)  , Edinburgh (2016)  , Saint-Malo (2015)  , Munich (2014)  , Seattle (2013)  , Deauville (2012)  , Venice (2011)  , Perpignan (2010)  , Los Angeles (2009)  , Valencia (2008)  , Kongens Lyngby (2007)  , Seoul (2006)  , London (2005)  , Verona (2004)  , San Diego (2003)  , Madrid (2002)  , Paris (2001)  , Santa Barbara (2000)  , Venice (1999)  , Pisa (1998)  , Paris (1997)  , Aachen (1996)  , Glasgow (1995)  , and Namur (1994)  . SAS predecessors were the series of Workshops on Static Analysis held in Padova (1993)  and Bordeaux ( 1992  and 1991  ).  
  Steering Committee  
 The SAS Steering Committee (2024) is:  
  
 Roberto Giacobazzi | University of Arizona, USA | SAS 2024 PC co-chair 
 Alessandra Gorla | IMDEA Software Institute, Spain | SAS 2024 PC co-chair 
 Manuel Hermenegildo | UPM and IMDEA Software Institute, Spain | SAS 2023 PC co-chair 
 José F. Morales | UPM and IMDEA Software Institute, Spain | SAS 2023 PC co-chair 
 Caterina Urban | Inria and Ecole Normale Supérieure, France | SAS 2022 PC co-chair 
 Gagandeep Singh | University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and VMware Research, USA | SAS 2022 PC co-chair 
 Cezara Dragoi | Amazon Web Services, France | SAS 2021 PC co-chair 
 Kedar Namjoshi | Nokia Bell Labs, USA | SAS 2021 PC co-chair 
 Mihaela Sighireanu (SC Co-Chair) | LSV, ENS Paris-Saclay, France | SAS 2020 PC co-chair 
 David Pichardie (SC Co-Chair) | Meta and University of Rennes, ENS Rennes, IRISA, France | SAS 2020 PC co-chair 
 Patrick Cousot | New York University, USA | Honorary senior member 

 Composition and duties:  Since 2017 the SAS SC is formed on a dynamic, rotating basis by including the Program Committee (PC) chairs of the last 5 editions of SAS, i.e., the SC for year X consists of the PC chairs of SAS X, X-1, X-2, X-3, X-4, and the SC chair(s) are the PC chair(s) of SAS X-4. Moreover, to preserve the historical memory of the SC, the founding chair of the SC, Patrick Cousot, is included as an honorary senior member. The SAS SC for year X is in charge of:  
 Selecting the location and the Program Committee Chair and Organizing Chair of the next SAS (i.e., for year X+1). 
  Giving feedback to the PC chairs on the composition of the PC for year X+1. 
  Managing the financial resources of the SAS conferences. 
  Managing the connections with publishers and related conferences and events. 
  Managing the communication via social media and the web. 
  Proposing to the community any actions that may improve the scientific strength and status of SAS. 
  The founding members of the SAS SC (serving up to 2017) were Patrick Cousot  (École Normale Supérieure, France & New York University, USA), Radhia Cousot  (CNR & École Normale Supérieure, France), Roberto Giacobazzi  (University of Verona, Italy), Gilberto Filé  (University of Padova, Italy), Manuel Hermenegildo  (UPM and IMDEA Software Institute, Spain), and David Schmidt  (Kansas State University, USA).  
  Policies  
 SAS abides by the ACM SIGPLAN conference code of conduct policy  .