skip to main content    
 PAR Home  Contact  FAQ    
   
 NSF PAGES Navigation   Toggle Navigation   PAR Home 
  Contact 
  FAQ 

 Attention:     
 The NSF Public Access Repository (NSF-PAR) system and access will be unavailable from 10:00 PM ET on Friday, November 22 until 8:00 AM ET on Saturday, November 23 due to maintenance. We apologize for the inconvenience.   

 Explore Research Products in the PAR   
  It may take a few hours for recently added research products to appear in PAR search results.   

            ×    
   Search     
 + Advanced Search    
 ×  Advanced Search Options   
   
 Search Across All Fields  Subject(s) / Keyword(s):   ×    
    
 Identifier Number:   What does this include?   ×    
    
  Resource Type:   
  Audiovisual  Conference Paper  Conference Proceeding  Data Paper  Dataset  Educational aid or Curriculum  Journal Article  Posted Content  Software  Sound  Workshop Report     

  Search a Specific Field  Journal Name:   ×    
    
 Description / Abstract:   ×    
    
 Title:   ×    
    
 Date Published:   
   ×    
  to   ×    

 Publisher or Repository Name:   ×    
    
 Award ID:   ×    
    
 Author / Creator:   ×    
    
 Date Updated:   
   ×    
  to   ×    

    Search  Cancel    

  NSF Public Access 
  Search Results 
  Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023) 
   Citation Details 
    
 Title:  Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023)    

 Extended resolution shows that auxiliary variables are very powerful in theory. However, attempts to exploit this potential in practice have had limited success. One reasonably effective method in this regard is bounded variable addition (BVA), which automatically reencodes formulas by introducing new variables and eliminating clauses, often significantly reducing formula size. We find motivating examples suggesting that the performance improvement caused by BVA stems not only from this size reduction but also from the introduction of effective auxiliary variables. Analyzing specific packing-coloring instances, we discover that BVA is fragile with respect to formula randomization, relying on variable order to break ties. With this understanding, we augment BVA with a heuristic for breaking ties in a structured way. We evaluate our new preprocessing technique, Structured BVA (SBVA), on more than 29 000 formulas from previous SAT competitions and show that it is robust to randomization. In a simulated competition setting, our implementation outperforms BVA on both randomized and original formulas, and appears to be well-suited for certain families of formulas.  more »  « less    
 Award ID(s):  2015445     PAR ID:  10489211   Author(s) / Creator(s):  Haberlandt, Andrew   ;  Green, Harrison   ;  Heule, Marijn J.     Editor(s):  Mahajan, Meena   ;  Slivovsky, Friedrich     Publisher / Repository:  Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik   Date Published:  2023-01-01    Subject(s) / Keyword(s):  Reencoding  Auxiliary Variables  Extended Resolution  Theory of computation → Logic and verification    Format(s):  Medium: X   Sponsoring Org:  National Science Foundation      

 More Like this  
 Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):14th Innovations in Theoretical Computer Science Conference (ITCS 2023)    https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.ITCS.2023.101     Yolcu, Emre  ;  Heule, Marijn J.   ( January 2023  , Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik)   Tauman Kalai, Yael  (Ed.)  We study the complexity of proof systems augmenting resolution with inference rules that allow, given a formula Γ in conjunctive normal form, deriving clauses that are not necessarily logically implied by Γ but whose addition to Γ preserves satisfiability. When the derived clauses are allowed to introduce variables not occurring in Γ, the systems we consider become equivalent to extended resolution. We are concerned with the versions of these systems without new variables. They are called BC⁻, RAT⁻, SBC⁻, and GER⁻, denoting respectively blocked clauses, resolution asymmetric tautologies, set-blocked clauses, and generalized extended resolution. Each of these systems formalizes some restricted version of the ability to make assumptions that hold --- without loss of generality --- which is commonly used informally to simplify or shorten proofs. Except for SBC⁻, these systems are known to be exponentially weaker than extended resolution. They are, however, all equivalent to it under a relaxed notion of simulation that allows the translation of the formula along with the proof when moving between proof systems. By taking advantage of this fact, we construct formulas that separate RAT⁻ from GER⁻ and vice versa. With the same strategy, we also separate SBC⁻ from RAT⁻. Additionally, we give polynomial-size SBC⁻ proofs of the pigeonhole principle, which separates SBC⁻ from GER⁻ by a previously known lower bound. These results also separate the three systems from BC⁻ since they all simulate it. We thus give an almost complete picture of their relative strengths.  more »  « less 
  Regular resolution effectively simulates resolution    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ipl.2024.106489     Buss, Sam  ;  Yolcu, Emre   ( August 2024  , Information Processing Letters)   Regular resolution is a refinement of the resolution proof system requiring that no variable be resolved on more than once along any path in the proof. It is known that there exist sequences of formulas that require exponential-size proofs in regular resolution while admitting polynomial-size proofs in resolution. Thus, with respect to the usual notion of simulation, regular resolution is separated from resolution. An alternative, and weaker, notion for comparing proof systems is that of an “effective simulation,” which allows the translation of the formula along with the proof when moving between proof systems. We prove that regular resolution is equivalent to resolution under effective simulations. As a corollary, we recover in a black-box fashion a recent result on the hardness of automating regular resolution.  more »  « less 
  RevUp: Revise and Update Information Bottleneck for Event Representation    https://doi.org/10.18653/v1/2023.eacl-main.56     Rezaee, Mehdi  ;  Ferraro, Francis   ( May 2023  , 17th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL))   The existence of external (“side”) semantic knowledge has been shown to result in more expressive computational event models. To enable the use of side information that may be noisy or missing, we propose a semi-supervised information bottleneck-based discrete latent variable model. We reparameterize the model’s discrete variables with auxiliary continuous latent variables and a light-weight hierarchical structure. Our model is learned to minimize the mutual information between the observed data and optional side knowledge that is not already captured by the new, auxiliary variables. We theoretically show that our approach generalizes past approaches, and perform an empirical case study of our approach on event modeling. We corroborate our theoretical results with strong empirical experiments, showing that the proposed method outperforms previous proposed approaches on multiple datasets.  more »  « less 
  Design Considerations in Multisite Randomized Trials Probing Moderated Treatment Effects    https://doi.org/10.3102/1076998620961492     Dong, Nianbo  ;  Kelcey, Benjamin  ;  Spybrook, Jessaca   ( October 2020  , Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics)   Past research has demonstrated that treatment effects frequently vary across sites (e.g., schools) and that such variation can be explained by site-level or individual-level variables (e.g., school size or gender). The purpose of this study is to develop a statistical framework and tools for the effective and efficient design of multisite randomized trials (MRTs) probing moderated treatment effects. The framework considers three core facets of such designs: (a) Level 1 and Level 2 moderators, (b) random and nonrandomly varying slopes (coefficients) of the treatment variable and its interaction terms with the moderators, and (c) binary and continuous moderators. We validate the formulas for calculating statistical power and the minimum detectable effect size difference with simulations, probe its sensitivity to model assumptions, execute the formulas in accessible software, demonstrate an application, and provide suggestions in designing MRTs probing moderated treatment effects.  
  more »  « less 
  Optimal parameterizing manifolds for anticipating tipping points and higher-order critical transitions    https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0167419     Chekroun, Mickaël D  ;  Liu, Honghu  ;  McWilliams, James C   ( September 2023  , Chaos: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Nonlinear Science)   A general, variational approach to derive low-order reduced models from possibly non-autonomous systems is presented. The approach is based on the concept of optimal parameterizing manifold (OPM) that substitutes more classical notions of invariant or slow manifolds when the breakdown of “slaving” occurs, i.e., when the unresolved variables cannot be expressed as an exact functional of the resolved ones anymore. The OPM provides, within a given class of parameterizations of the unresolved variables, the manifold that averages out optimally these variables as conditioned on the resolved ones. The class of parameterizations retained here is that of continuous deformations of parameterizations rigorously valid near the onset of instability. These deformations are produced through the integration of auxiliary backward–forward systems built from the model’s equations and lead to analytic formulas for parameterizations. In this modus operandi, the backward integration time is the key parameter to select per scale/variable to parameterize in order to derive the relevant parameterizations which are doomed to be no longer exact away from instability onset due to the breakdown of slaving typically encountered, e.g., for chaotic regimes. The selection criterion is then made through data-informed minimization of a least-square parameterization defect. It is thus shown through optimization of the backward integration time per scale/variable to parameterize, that skilled OPM reduced systems can be derived for predicting with accuracy higher-order critical transitions or catastrophic tipping phenomena, while training our parameterization formulas for regimes prior to these transitions takes place.  
  more »  « less 

 Free Publicly Accessible Full Text 
  Accepted Manuscript1.0 
   Conference Paper: 
  https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SAT.2023.11 
  Have feedback or suggestions for a way to improve these results?  
   Let us know    ! 
  Citation Formats 
  MLA | ×  Cite: MLA Format   Haberlandt, Andrew, Green, Harrison, and Heule, Marijn J. Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023)  . Retrieved from https://par.nsf.gov/biblio/10489211. Web. doi:10.4230/LIPIcs.SAT.2023.11.  Close 
  APA | ×  Cite: APA Format   Haberlandt, Andrew, Green, Harrison, & Heule, Marijn J. Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023)  . Retrieved from https://par.nsf.gov/biblio/10489211. https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SAT.2023.11   Close 
  Chicago | ×  Cite: Chicago Format   Haberlandt, Andrew, Green, Harrison, and Heule, Marijn J. "Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023)". Country unknown/Code not available: Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik. https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SAT.2023.11.  https://par.nsf.gov/biblio/10489211  .  Close 
  BibTeX | ×  Cite: BibTeX Format   @article{osti_10489211,  
  place = {Country unknown/Code not available}, title = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023)}, url = {https://par.nsf.gov/biblio/10489211}, DOI = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SAT.2023.11}, abstractNote = {Extended resolution shows that auxiliary variables are very powerful in theory. However, attempts to exploit this potential in practice have had limited success. One reasonably effective method in this regard is bounded variable addition (BVA), which automatically reencodes formulas by introducing new variables and eliminating clauses, often significantly reducing formula size. We find motivating examples suggesting that the performance improvement caused by BVA stems not only from this size reduction but also from the introduction of effective auxiliary variables. Analyzing specific packing-coloring instances, we discover that BVA is fragile with respect to formula randomization, relying on variable order to break ties. With this understanding, we augment BVA with a heuristic for breaking ties in a structured way. We evaluate our new preprocessing technique, Structured BVA (SBVA), on more than 29 000 formulas from previous SAT competitions and show that it is robust to randomization. In a simulated competition setting, our implementation outperforms BVA on both randomized and original formulas, and appears to be well-suited for certain families of formulas.}, journal = {}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik}, author = {Haberlandt, Andrew and Green, Harrison and Heule, Marijn J.}, editor = {Mahajan, Meena and Slivovsky, Friedrich} }  Close 
   Export Metadata 
  EndNote 
  Excel 
  CSV 
  XML 
   Save / Share this Record 
  Send to Email | ×  Send to Email   Email address:   
      Content:       Close   Send 

 Website Policies | | | Budget and Performance | | | Inspector General | | | Privacy | | | FOIA | | | No FEAR Act | | | USA.gov | | | Accessibility | | | Plain Language | | | Contact | | | Help 
  The National Science Foundation, 2415 Eisenhower Avenue, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 USA Tel: (703) 292-5111, FIRS: (800) 877-8339 | TDD: (800) 281-8749   

 ×  Author Select   
   
  Last Name:   

 First Name:   

   Search     

 Search Results 
  Selected Authors 
  Type in a name, or the first few letters of a name, in one or both of appropriate search boxes above and select the search button. An attempt will be made to match authors that most closely relate to the text you typed.   
   
 No authors are currently selected. Choosing "Select These Authors" will enter a blank value for author search in the parent form.   

 Close  Review Selections  Add Selections    

 ×  Editor Select   
   
  Last Name:   

 First Name:   

   Search     

 Search Results 
  Selected Editors 
  Type in a name, or the first few letters of a name, in one or both of appropriate search boxes above and select the search button. An attempt will be made to match editors that most closely relate to the text you typed.   
   
 No editors are currently selected. Choosing "Select These Editors" will enter a blank value for editor search in the parent form.   

 Close  Review Selections  Add Selections    

 ×   Warning: Leaving National Science Foundation Website   

  You are now leaving the National Science Foundation website to go to a non-government website.   
   
  Website:   
   
  NSF takes no responsibility for and exercises no control over the views expressed or the accuracy of the information contained on this site. Also be aware that NSF's privacy policy does not apply to this site.   

 Continue to Site   Cancel     

    You must have javascript enabled