REGISTRATION 
  SUBMISSION | Call For Papers 
  Call For Workshop Proposals 
  COMMITTEES | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CONFERENCE | Keynotes 
  Program 
  Venue 
  Panel 
  Industrial Talks 
  Social Events 
  Photos 
  CO-LOCATED EVENTS | WSCAD 2023 
  HPCDL 2023 
  WCC 2023 
  WAMCA 2023 
  PAST EDITIONS 

 Promoted by:   
      
 Photographer Zé Carlos de Andrade    
 SBAC-PAD 2023  
 35th IEEE International Symposium on Computer Architecture and High Performance Computing  
  
  October 17-20, 2023 — Porto Alegre, Brazil   

 About SBAC-PAD  
 The IEEE International Symposium on Computer Architecture and High-Performance Computing (SBAC-PAD)  is an annual conference series held since 1987. The conference presents the latest developments in High-Performance Computing and Computer Architecture and exciting trends in Parallel and Distributed Systems.  
 SBAC-PAD has a solid international reputation, with regular submissions from dozens of countries yearly. The conference is also known for its highly competitive and rigorous review process, highlighting its commitment to ensuring that showcased research is highly innovative and impactful  . Conference proceedings are published by IEEE and available at IEEE Xplore.  

 Porto Alegre welcomes SBAC-PAD 2023  
 In 2023, SBAC-PAD will be held at the Technical School of the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio Grande do Sul (PUCRS) in Porto Alegre, Brazil.  
 Porto Alegre is the capital of the state of Rio Grande do Sul and is known for its rich culture and history, beautiful parks, and vibrant nightlife  . Visitors can enjoy exploring the historic city center, the impressive Guaíba Lake, and the city's renowned barbecue.  
 Regarding the host university, PUCRS, attendees of SBAC-PAD can expect a world-class infrastructure complete with modern classrooms, research laboratories, and plenty of outdoor spaces. Moreover, the university offers extensive on-campus services, including multiple restaurants, cafes, lounges, and convenient amenities, such as bank agencies  .  
   
 Photographer Zé Carlos de Andrade     

 Keynote Speakers  
 Alba Cristina Magalhaes Alves de Melo  
 Department of Computer Science  
 University of Brasilia (UnB)  

 Bronson Messer  
 Science Director, Leadership Computing Facility  
 Oak Ridge National Laboratory  

 Ivona Brandić  
 Institute of Information Systems Engineering  
 Vienna University of Technology (TU Wien)  

 Important Dates  
 Deadline for workshop proposal submission: | April 30th, 2023 | May 7th, 2023 (POSTPONED) 
  Deadline for abstract submission: | June 2nd, 2023 | June 25th, 2023 AoE (FIRM) 
  Deadline for paper submission: | June 9th, 2023 | June 25th, 2023 AoE (FIRM) 
  Rebuttal period: | July 31th – August 2nd, 2023 
  Workshop proposal acceptance notification: | May 14th, 2023 
  Author notification: | August 11th, 2023 
  Camera-ready submission: | September 4th, 2023 
  Author registration: | TBD 
  Non-author registration (Early Fee): | TBD 
  Non-author registration (Late Fee): | TBD 
  Note:  All dates refer to AOE time, i.e. "Anywhere on Earth"    

 Arriving at PUCRS  
 There are several entrances to the PUCRS campus, but we recommend SBAC-PAD attendees to use entrances 1 and 2, located at Ipiranga Avenue (Avenida Ipiranga). To access the campus through these entrances, we suggest the following drop-off points:  
 The | drop-off 1 | is inside the campus and accessed through entrance 1. Choosing the Events Center ( | Centro de Eventos da PUCRS | ) or Building 40 ( | Prédio 40 da PUCRS | ) as your destination on ride-hailing apps, or for your taxi driver, will lead you to this drop-off point. 
  The | drop-off 2 | is in front of the museum and it gives access to the campus through entrance 1. Choosing the Science and Technology Museum of PUCRS ( | Museu de Ciência e Tecnologia da PUCRS | ) as your destination on ride-hailing apps, or for your taxi driver, will lead you to this drop-off point. 
  The | drop-off 3 | is in the main pedestrian entrance of the campus and it gives access to the campus through entrance 2. Choosing PUCRS ( | Pontifícia Católica Universidade do Rio Grande do Sul | ) as your destination on ride-hailing apps, or for your taxi driver, will lead you to this drop-off point. 

 Sponsors  
 Diamond  

  Gold  

  Bronze  

 Organized by  

  Promoted by  

  Funded by  

  Partners  

  SBAC-PAD 2023  
 All Rights Reserved