SCA 2022        
 About  Program  Registration  Author Instructions  Awards  People    

  THE 21ST ACM SIGGRAPH / Eurographics SYMPOSIUM ON COMPUTER ANIMATION (SCA 2022)  
   
  Durham University, UK & Online  
  13th - 15th September, 2022  

 SCA 2022   
 This year, the 21st annual ACM SIGGRAPH / Eurographics Symposium on Computer Animation (SCA), the premier forum for innovations in computer animation and physics-based simulation, will be a hybrid face-to-face and online event. The conference is hosted at Durham University  UK on 13th-15th, September. We encourage attendants to join us physically at Durham for a complete conference experience, while we also allow synchronised online attendance for those who may have travel difficulties.  
 This year, accepted full papers will be published in the journal Computer Graphics Forum  , and accepted short papers will be published in the conference proceedings indexed by ACM and Eurographics. Please refer to our call-for-paper  page for paper submission information.  
 Recent SCAs can be found here: SCA 2021  , SCA 2020  , SCA 2019  , SCA 2018  .  

 Welcome Message from the Chairs   
 It is our great pleasure to welcome you to Durham, UK for the ACM SIGGRAPH/Eurographics Symposium on Computer Animation (SCA 2022). This is the 21st SCA since its beginning in 2002 in San Antonio, Texas. Since then, SCA has been hosted around the world, attracting academics and industry practitioners in the fields. This year, SCA facilitates hybrid onsite/online attendance. It is hosted at Durham University, which is a member of the elite UK Russell Group, focusing on research excellence delivered by world-class academics. It is the third oldest university in England, following Oxford and Cambridge, with the campus' Cathedral and Castle being a UNESCO world heritage.  
 SCA 2022 has attracted great attention from researchers in the world. We have a high number of 78 paper submissions, marking a milestone in recent years. 30 of them are accepted, which translates to an acceptance rate of 38.5%. This year, all accepted papers are published and indexed by ACM and Eurographics, and the accepted full papers are published in the journal Computer Graphics Forum. An International Program Committee with 55 members is formed and papers are double-blind reviewed by at least three reviewers. The accepted papers cover a wide domain related to computer animation, including body and facial motion, simulation techniques, capturing and tracking, as well as machine learning for animation.  
 We have prepared an engaging program this year. Apart from the accepted paper presentation, we have included keynotes from speakers around the world, including Professor Steven LaValle from the University of Oulu, Associate Professor Rachel McDonnell from Trinity College Dublin, Professor Niloy J. Mitra from University College London, and Dr Daniel Holden from Epic Games. Regarding local activities, we have included an opening reception, a conference banquet, a closing reception, as well as a social event, giving opportunities for attendants to mingle with each other. Furthermore, apart from the usual breakfasts and tea breaks, we have decided to include onsite lunches for all attendants and offer onsite accommodations, giving them more time to socialize.  
 Since SCA 2021, two prestigious SCA awards are introduced, including the SCA Early Career Research Award and the SCA Doctoral Dissertation Award. SCA 2022 has followed this tradition. With Dr Barbara Solenthaler and Dr Hayley Iben leading as Award Chairs, an Award Committee has been set up, with members including Dr Adam Bargteil, Professor Doug L. James, Professor Miguel Otaduy, Dr Mubbasir Kapadia, Dr Theodore Kim, Professor Victor Zordan, and Dr Yuting Ye. We are to announce that in SCA 2022, Dr Daniel Holden is awarded the SCA Early Career Research Award, and Dr Andrés Casado Elvira is awarded the SCA Doctoral Dissertation Award.  
 SCA 2022 has received generous support from the industry and academics. Platinum sponsors include Adobe, Disney Research Studios, and the KAUST Visual Computing Center. Gold sponsors include Google. These extra sponsorships have allowed us to significantly lower the registration fees, facilitating the attendance of research students and early-career researchers. Also, they allow us to introduce multiple travel grants, helping attendants with less travel budget to join SCA physically.  
 Finally, we wish to thank all members of the Organising Committee, the Award Committee and the International Program Committee. Their effort has made SCA 2022 possible - getting the best program with high-quality papers and overcoming the logistic challenges introduced by the pandemic. We hope you find SCA 2022 in Durham/online enjoyable, and we hope you continue to take part in future SCAs!  
 Conference Chairs and Program Chairs  
  Hubert P. H. Shum  , Julien Pettre,  Dominik L. Michels  , Soeren Pirk   

 Keynote Speakers   
  Steven LaValle  
  Professor  
  University of Oulu   
 Steven M. LaValle is Professor of Computer Science and Engineering, in Particular Robotics and Virtual Reality, at the University of Oulu. Since 2001, he has also been a professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois. He has also held positions at Stanford University and Iowa State University. His research interests include robotics, virtual and augmented reality, sensing, planning algorithms, computational geometry, and control theory. In research, he is mostly known for his introduction of the Rapidly exploring Random Tree (RRT) algorithm, which is widely used in robotics and other engineering fields. In industry, he was an early founder and chief scientist of Oculus VR, acquired by Facebook in 2014, where he developed patented tracking technology for consumer virtual reality and led a team of perceptual psychologists to provide principled approaches to virtual reality system calibration, health and safety, and the design of comfortable user experiences. From 2016 to 2017 he was Vice President and Chief Scientist of VR/AR/MR at Huawei Technologies, Ltd. He has authored the books Planning Algorithms, Sensing and Filtering, and Virtual Reality. He currently leads an Advanced Grant from the European Research Council on the Foundations of Perception Engineering. More information: http://lavalle.pl   
 Keynote: The Path to Perception Engineering  This talk starts with some motivational background from my own research on robot planning algorithms to the development of the Oculus Rift. This path has led us to propose that virtual reality (VR), and parts of other fields involving sensing and perception, can be reframed as perception engineering, in which the object being engineered is the perceptual illusion itself, and the physical devices that achieve it are auxiliary. This talk will report on our progress toward developing mathematical foundations that attempt to bring the human-centered sciences of perceptual psychology, neuroscience, and physiology closer to core engineering principles by viewing the design and delivery of illusions as a coupled dynamical system. The system is composed of two interacting entities: The organism and its environment, in which the former may be biological or even an engineered robot. Our vision is that the research community will one day have principled engineering approaches to design, simulation, prediction, and analysis of sustained, targeted perceptual experiences. It is hoped that this direction of research will offer valuable guidance and deeper insights into VR, robotics, graphics, and possibly the biological sciences that study perception.  
  Rachel McDonnell  
  Associate Professor  
  Trinity College Dublin   
 Rachel McDonnell is an Associate Professor of Creative Technologies at Trinity College Dublin, Ireland. Her research focusses on animation of virtual characters, using perception to both deepen our understanding of how virtual characters are perceived, and directly provide new algorithms and guidelines for industry developers on where to focus their efforts. She has published over 100 papers in conferences and journals in her field, including many top-tier publications at venues such as SIGGRAPH, Eurographics, and IEEE TVCG, etc. She serves as Associate Editor on journals such as ACM Transactions on Applied Perception and Computer Graphics Forum, and is a regular member of many international program committees (including ACM SIGGRAPH and Eurographics). More information: https://www.scss.tcd.ie/Rachel.McDonnell   
 Keynote: Oversharing in Virtual Reality: What does our motion reveal about us  In the early 1970s, Psychologists investigated biological motion perception by attaching point-lights to the joints of the human body, known as ‘point light walkers’. These early experiments showed biological motion perception to be an extreme example of sophisticated pattern analysis in the brain, capable of easily differentiating human motions with reduced motion cues. Further experiments showed that biological motion is rich in psychological information such as social categories, emotional state, intentions, and underlying dispositions. Nowadays, motion data from reduced cues is routinely tracked using motion capture systems or even VR headsets and controllers and applied to virtual avatars in immersive virtual environments. This data contains psychological information that could be extracted, stored or even shared. In this talk, I will discuss research that I have conducted over the years on the perception of full-body motion capture and the effect of applying it to different avatar morphologies – ranging from photorealistic virtual humans to flesh-eating zombies! I will also discuss the implications for avatar-based interactions in immersive virtual worlds, as technology develops, and motion capture data becomes more accessible to all.  
  Niloy J. Mitra  
  Professor  
  University College London (UCL)   
 Niloy J. Mitra leads the Smart Geometry Processing group in the Department of Computer Science at University College London and the Adobe Research London Lab. He received his PhD from Stanford University under the guidance of Leonidas Guibas. His current research focuses on developing machine learning frameworks for generative models for high-quality geometric and appearance content for CG applications. Niloy received the 2019 Eurographics Outstanding Technical Contributions Award, the 2015 British Computer Society Roger Needham Award, and the 2013 ACM SIGGRAPH Significant New Researcher Award. He was elected as a fellow of Eurographics in 2021 and the SIGGRAPH Technical Papers Chair 2022. Besides research, Niloy is an active DIYer and loves reading, cricket, and cooking. More information: http://geometry.cs.ucl.ac.uk   
 Keynote: Learning Motion-guided Dynamic Garment Detail  Realistic dynamic garments on animated characters have many AR/VR applications. While authoring such dynamic garment geometry is still a challenging task, data-driven simulation provides an attractive alternative, especially if it can be controlled simply using the motion of the underlying character. Over the last few years, we have developed deep learning methods to generate wrinkles, neural garments, and motion-guided dynamic 3D garments, especially loose garments. We focus on taking inspiration from classical garment simulation literature and learning data priors that generalize to new body shapes, motion types, and garment dimensions. In this talk, I will describe our findings and discuss open challenges in this area.  
  Daniel Holden  
  Principal Animation Programmer  
  Epic Games   
 Daniel Holden is a Principal Animation Programmer at Epic Games doing research and development on animation in the Unreal Engine. Before this he worked at Ubisoft's industrial research lab "La Forge", developing techniques using Machine Learning in various areas of video game development such as animation and physics. He completed his PhD at The University of Edinburgh in 2017 with work focused on the use of neural networks and machine learning for character animation. His research has been presented at a number of conferences including SIGGRAPH, SIGGRAPH Asia, and GDC. More information: https://theorangeduck.com   
 Keynote: Future Animation Systems  Ten years ago, the ideas behind Physically Based Rendering began to revolutionize rendering - not through specific methods or implementations - but via the philosophy they implied. I believe that if we want to build animation systems of the future we need to go through a similar philosophical shift. In this talk I will discuss some of the lessons we can learn from this history of rendering, what challenges (and advantages) we have that are unique to animation, and how some of my previous research has tried to both tackle these challenges and exploit the advantages to get us closer to that future.  

 Venues   
 Durham University is the third oldest university in England ( Google Map  ), following Oxford and Cambridge, with the campus's Cathedral and Castle  being a UNESCO  world heritage. It is located at Durham  in North East England, which is one of the safest cities in the UK. It is ranked top 100 in the world and the 6th in the UK. As a member of the elite Russell Group, Durham University focuses on research excellence delivered by world-class academics.  

 Getting here by air   
 Durham is 30 minutes' drive from Newcastle International Airport and about 40 minutes from Teesside International Airport. Both have regular domestic and international flights. Durham is linked to Newcastle Airport by rail and metro.  
 Getting here by train   
 A number of train operators offer direct and regular routes to Durham Railway Station, including London and Edinburgh. Durham is around 3 hours from London, just over 3 hours from Birmingham, 2½ hours from Manchester, 1½ hours from Edinburgh and 45 minutes from York.  
 A taxi will take you from the station to any College in about 5 minutes and you can walk to the city centre in 10 minutes.  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Supported By  

  © SCA 2022 ACM SIGGRAPH / Eurographics Symposium on Computer Animation.