19th International Conference on Spatial Data Handling and Geographic Intelligence (VIRTUAL)   
 Spatial Data Handling for Smart Cities and Earth System  

     Home Page 
  General Info | Congress Venue 
  Committees 
  About Turkey 
  About Sakarya 
  Scopes 
  Dates 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Abstract Submission 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship 
  Contact 

 REGISTER    

  19th International Conference on Spatial Data Handling and Geographic Intelligence  
 13&14 August 2021 - Sakarya - Türkiye (Virtual)  
   
 VIEW SCHEDULE  PROCEEDING BOOK    

 19th SDH 2021 SAKARYA   
 Dear Colleagues,  
 As you know, we postponed the 19th International Symposium on Spatial Data Handling conference, which we planned to organize last year, to 2021 due to Covid-19 pandemic.  
 Due to the persistence of pandemic conditions, our organization committee sadly decided to hold the conference in a virtual environment.   
 Our conference registration fees have also been reorganized according to the virtual format.  
 We look forward to reconnecting virtually with all of you in August.  
 Conference Organization Comittee   
 Welcome Letter  
 It is our great honour to welcome you to the 19th International Conference on Spatial Data Handling and Geographic Intelligence (SDH), hosted by the Sakarya University, Department of Geography.  
 Th eInternational Conference on Spatial Data Handling and Geographic Intelligence is the biennial international research forum for Geospatial Information Science, co-organized by the Commission on Geographic Information Science and the Commission on Modelling Geographical Systems of the International Geographical Union (IGU). It commenced in 1984 in Zurich, Switzerland and has ever since been held in Seattle, USA; Sydney, Australia; Zurich, Switzerland; Charleston, USA; Edinburgh, UK; Delft, The Netherlands; Vancouver, Canada; Beijing, China; Ottawa, Canada; Leicester, UK; Vienna, Austria; Montpellier, France; Hong Kong, China; Bonn, Germany and Toronto, Canada.  
 Our meeting in Sakarya, will bring together geographers, cartographers, computer scientists and others from the international community of geospatial information sciences and geomatics engineering to present the latest achievements and to share experiences in GIS reserach in advance of the 34rd International Congress in İstanbul. This year, the Annual Meeting will focus on the key topic: smart cities and earth system. Looking forward to the engaging discussions, exchanges of ideas, and to the major outcomes of the 19th International Symposium on Spatial Data Handling. We expect it to become a major event in the international GIScience community in 2021.  
 This year, the 34rd International Geographical Congress will also be held in İstanbul after this symposium, August 16-20, 2021. Two big events are waiting for you. Welcome to Turkey.  

 © Copyright 2024 19th International Conference on Spatial Data Handling and Geographic Intelligence (VIRTUAL)  . All Rights Reserved.  The Conference  by Rara Theme.  Powered by WordPress  .    

                                                                                                   ×  About 19th SDH 2021 SAKARYA  
 Dear Colleagues,  
 You can download the scientific program from the link; https://sdh2021.sakarya.edu.tr/?page_id=39  
 It is free to attend the conference as a listener. Participation links will be shared in the near future.  
 Best Regards  
 We look forward to reconnecting virtually with all of you in conference.  
 Conference Organization Committee