Skip to main content    
       
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 

 Journals 
  Books 
  SIAM Engage 
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 
   
 SIAM News 
  Activity Groups 
  Prizes & Awards 
  Log In 
   
 Publications | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Journals | SIAM Review 
  Multiscale Modeling and Simulation: A SIAM Interdisciplinary Journal 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Algebra and Geometry 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Dynamical Systems 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Computing 
  SIAM Journal on Control and Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Financial Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematics of Data Science 
  SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications 
  SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing 
  SIAM / ASA Journal on Uncertainty Quantification 
  Theory of Probability and Its Applications 
  SIAM Undergraduate Research Online 
  SIAM Books  Our textbooks and monographs are indispensable to researchers, faculty, and students around the world.  SIAM Books 
  SIAM News  The newsjournal of SIAM, covering cutting-edge research and the state of the art in applied mathematics and computational science.  SIAM News 
  Reports 
  Proceedings 
  Subscriptions & Ordering 
  Programs & Initiatives | Toggle sub-menu | Programs | Gene Golub SIAM Summer School 
  Visiting Lecturer Program 
  MathWorks Math Modeling (M3) Challenge 
  SIAM-Simons Undergraduate Summer Research Program 
  SIAM Science Policy Fellowship 
  MGB-SIAM Early Career Fellowship 
  SIAM Postdoctoral Support Program 
  Graduate Student Mathematical Modeling Camp and Mathematical Problems in Industry Workshop 
  See All Programs 
  Professional Development | Careers in Applied Mathematics 
  Career Resources 
  Job Board 
  Internships 
  Prizes and Awards | Deadline Calendar 
  SIAM Fellows Program 
  Policy & Procedures 
  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair!  Happening in person March 4, 2025 during CSE25.  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair! 
  Industry 
  Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion 
  Education Resources 
  Science Policy 
  Conferences & Events | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Conferences | More Events by Type 
  Section Meetings 
  Webinars & Seminars 
  Workshops 
  Career Fairs 
  Cooperating Conferences 
  Archive 
  See all Events 
  Conference Support | Travel & Registration Support 
  Child Care Grants 
  About SIAM Conferences & Events | For Sponsors & Exhibitors 
  Conference Guidelines 
  Featured Videos & Lectures 
  Submit Now for SIAM AN25!  The Third Joint SIAM/CAIMS Annual Meetings is happening July 28 - August 1, 2025 in Montréal, Québec, Canada.  Submit Now for SIAM AN25! 
  Membership | Toggle sub-menu | Individual Membership | Join 14,000 applied mathematicians and computational and data scientists from around the world. 
  Learn More 
  Institutional Membership | Create a custom subscription of four or more journals and your institution can become a free SIAM academic member, receiving up to a 27.5% discount on journal list prices. 
  Learn More 
  Member Support & FAQ | Questions about our membership types, benefits, how to automatically renew, or something else? 
  Get Your Questions Answered 
  Get Involved | Toggle sub-menu | Connect with a Community | Activity Groups 
  Sections 
  Student Chapters 
  SIAM Engage Online Community 
  Ways to Participate | Serve on Committees 
  Become an Author, Editor, or Referee 
  Nominate for Prizes 
  Network and Present at a Conference 
  Write for SIAM News 
  Ways to Support | Donate to SIAM 
  Spread the Word 
  Become a Sponsor 
  About Us | Toggle sub-menu | Overview 
  Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Bylaws & Reports 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Join SIAM 
  Contact Us 

 Back to top     
   
 Home 
  Conferences & Events 
  SIAM Conferences 
  SDM25 

 In Person   
 SIAM Conferences   
   
 SIAM International Conference on Data Mining (SDM25)  
   
 Event Details  
 May 1 –  3 , 2025 
  Alexandria Virginia, U.S. 
  The Westin Alexandria Old Town Hotel 
  Stay Connected  
 Facebook 
  #SIAMSDM25 

 In This Section 
  Registration 
  Lodging & Support 
  Program 
  Submissions 
  More 

 Deadlines   
 Deadline Passed: Abstract Submissions | September 27, 2024 
  Deadline Passed: Full Paper Submissions | October 4, 2024 
  Deadline Passed: Workshop and Tutorial Proposals | October 11, 2024 
  Deadline Passed: Blue Sky Idea Submissions Deadline | October 25, 2024 
  Apply Now: Travel Fund Application Deadline | January 30, 2025 
  Register Now: Early Registration Deadline | April 3, 2025 
  Reserve Now: Hotel Reservation Deadline | April 3, 2025 

 About the Conference  
 This meeting is sponsored by the SIAM Activity Group on Data Science  .  
 The SIAM International Conference on Data Mining (SDM25) invites submissions of high-quality research papers that present original results on data mining algorithms and their applications. Data mining is a core process within computing and statistics, aimed at discovering valuable knowledge from data. This field has significant applications across various domains including science, engineering, healthcare, business, and medicine. Datasets in these fields are typically large, complex, and noisy, necessitating sophisticated, high-performance analysis techniques grounded in sound theoretical and statistical principles. SDM25 provides a venue for researchers who are addressing these problems to present their work in a peer-reviewed forum. It also provides an ideal setting for graduate students to network and get feedback for their work (as part of the doctoral forum) and everyone new to the field to learn about cutting-edge research by hearing outstanding invited speakers and attending presentations, tutorials and a number of focused workshops. The proceedings of the conference are published in archival form and are also made available on the SIAM website.  
 Topics of Interest:  
 We welcome contributions addressing all aspects of data mining, including but not limited to:  

 Methods and Algorithms  
   
 Anomaly & outlier detection  
   
 Big data & large-scale systems  
   
 Causal inference  
   
 Classification & semi-supervised learning  
   
 Clustering & unsupervised learning  
   
 Data cleaning & integration  
   
 Deep learning & representation learning  
   
 Feature extraction, selection and dimensionality reduction  
   
 Mining data streams  
   
 Mining graphs & complex data  
   
 Mining on emerging architectures & data clouds  
   
 Mining semi structured data  
   
 Mining spatial & temporal data  
   
 Mining text, web & social media  
   
 Optimization methods  
   
 Parallel and distributed methods  
   
 Pattern mining  
   
 Probabilistic & statistical methods  
   
 Scalable & high-performance mining  

 Show more    

 Applications of Data Mining  
   
 Business and marketing  
   
 Healthcare  
   
 Scientific data  
   
 Scientific data  

 Human Factors and Social Issues  
   
 Ethics of data mining  
   
 Intellectual ownership  
   
 Intellectual ownership  
   
 Privacy and fairness models  
   
 Privacy preserving data mining  
   
 Risk analysis and risk management  
   
 Transparency and algorithmic bias  
   
 User interfaces and visual analytics  

 General Co-Chairs  
 Vagelis Papalexakis  
 University of California, Riverside U.S.  

 Matteo Riondato  
 Amherst College, U.S.  

 Program Co-Chairs  
 Tim Weninger  
 University of Notre Dame, U.S.  

 Elena Zheleva  
 University of Illinois at Chicago, U.S.  

 Local Chair  
 Carlotta Domeniconi  
 George Mason University, U.S.  

 Workshops Co-Chairs  
 Qi Li  
 Iowa State University, U.S.  

 Hua Wei  
 Arizona State University, U.S.  

 Tutorials Chair  
 Stefan Neumann  
 TU Wien, Austria  

 Doctoral Forum Co-Chairs  
 Tyler Derr  
 Vanderbilt University, U.S.  

 Li Zhang  
 University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, U.S.  

 Publicity Co-Chairs  
 Jumanah S. Alshehri  
 Imam Abdulrahman bin Faisal University, Saudi Arabia  

 Matthew Facciani  
 University of Notre Dame, U.S.  

 Willaim H. Hsu  
 Kansas State University, U.S.  

 Proceedings Co-Chairs  
 Michael Yankoski  
 University of William and Mary, U.S.  

 Sourav Medya  
 University of Illinois Chicago, U.S  

 Blue Sky Idea Track Chair  
 Wei Ding  
 University of Massachusetts, U.S.  

 Sponsorship Co-Chairs  
 Sanmitra Bhattacharya  
 Deloitte, U.S.  

 Neil Shah  
 Snap, U.S.  

 Steering Committee Chair  
 Zoran Obradovic  
 Temple University, U.S.  

 Get Involved  
 Sponsor, exhibit, or check out past content in our video and presentation archive.  

 Ways to Sponsor   
 SIAM invites you to show support of this conference through sponsorship opportunities ranging from support of receptions, audio-video needs, to awards for student travel, and more.   

 Ways to Exhibit   
 Learn about opportunities to become an exhibitor at a SIAM conference.   

 Featured Lectures & Videos   
 View slides, recordings, and video from past SIAM conferences.   

 Become a Member   
 SIAM members get 20-30% off registration for our conferences, plus deep discounts on SIAM books, journals, activity group membership, and more. Start reaping the benefits!   

 Make the Most of Your Experience   
 About SIAM Conferences  
   
 Find all of the information you'll need to prepare for and navigate SIAM conferences, including conference guidelines and how to propose a new conference.  
   
 Explore Conferences 

 Statement on Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion  
 As a professional society, SIAM is committed to empowering equitable, diverse, and inclusive participation in all aspects of our community. SIAM will provide a climate that encourages the open expression and exchange of ideas, that is free from all forms of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation, and that is welcoming and comfortable to all members and to those who participate in its activities.  
 In pursuit of this commitment, SIAM is dedicated to the philosophy of equality of opportunity and treatment for all participants regardless of gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion or religious belief, age, marital status, disabilities, veteran status, and field of expertise.  
 This philosophy extends from SIAM’s governing structures and bodies to its conferences, publications, awards, and to all its organized activities.  
 We expect all members of SIAM and participants in SIAM activities to work towards this commitment to equity, diversity, and inclusion.  
 If you have experienced or observed behavior that is not consistent with the principles expressed above, you are encouraged to report any violation using the SIAM hotline, hosted by the third-party hotline provider, EthicsPoint. The information you provide will be sent to us by EthicsPoint on a totally confidential and anonymous basis if you should choose. You have our guarantee that your comments will be heard. Please submit reports.   
 Read all of SIAM's conference guidelines and policies  , including the Statement on Potentially Offensive Material  

 Contact Us  
   
 Questions about SIAM conferences? Get in touch with our staff.  
 Contact SIAM Conference Staff    

   3600 Market Street  6th Floor  Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA   Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  LinkedIn 

 About SIAM | Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Code of Conduct 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Jobs at SIAM 
  Contact Us 
  Membership | Member Benefits 
  Become a Member 
  Renew Your Membership 
  Connect with a Community 
  Ways to Participate 
  Jobs in STEM 
  Share & Support | Newsroom 
  Advertise with Us 
  Become a Sponsor 
  Post a Job 
  Information for Librarians 
  Subscribe to Our Emails 
   
 © 2024 Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics   
 Terms & Conditions 
  Privacy