Skip to content      
 DSD/SEAA 2023  

 Menu   News | About 
  Program | Social Life Program 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Venue and Accomodation | Contact 
  DSD | DSD/SEAA 2023 Gallery 
  Social Life Program 
  DSD/SEAA 2023 Quick Links 
  SEAA | DSD/SEAA 2023 Gallery 
  Social Life Program 
  DSD/SEAA 2023 Quick Links 
  WiP | WiP Publication 
  Registration 
  Sponsors 

 SEAA  

 Call for Papers  
 49th Euromicro Conference Series on Software Engineering and Advanced Applications (SEAA)  will be held in Durres, Albania, Sept. 6th – Sept. 8th, 2023.  
 Download the 2023 SEAA CfP (PDF format) »    
 Scope  
 The Euromicro Conference Series on Software Engineering and Advanced Applications (SEAA) is a long-standing international forum for researchers, practitioners, and students to present and discuss the latest innovations, trends, experiences, and concerns in the field of Software Engineering and Advanced Applications in information technology for software-intensive systems.  
 Tracks and Organizers  
 ● CPS: Cyber-Physical Systems    
  K.-E. Großpietsch  (Euromicro), K. Kloeckner  (Euromicro), and V. Klös  (Technische Universität Dresden, Germany)  
 ● DAIDE: Data and AI Driven Engineering    
  J. Bosch  (Chalmers & Gothenburg University, Sweden) and H. Holmström Olsson  (Malmö University, Sweden)  
 ● ECT: Emerging Computing Technologies    
  A. Janes  (Vorarlberg University of Applied Sciences, Austria), R. Maranhão  (University of Porto, Portugal), A.   
  Shaukat  (Simula Research Laboratory, Norway), D. Taibi  (University of Oulu, Finland)  
 ● MDEML: Model-Driven Engineering and Modeling Languages    
  A. Bucaioni  (Mälardalen University, Sweden), F. Ciccozzi  (Mälardalen University, Sweden), and A. Wortmann   
  (Stuttgart University, Germany)  
 ● SEaDeM: Software Engineering and Debt Metaphors    
  D. Feitosa  (University of Groningen, The Netherlands) and A. Martini  (University of Oslo, Norway)  
 ● SM: Software management: Measurement, Peopleware, and Innovation    
  O. Demirors  (Izmir Institute of Technology, Turkey), C. Gravino  (University of Salerno, Italy), and F. Pecorelli  (JADS & Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  
 ● SMSE: Systematic Literature Reviews and Mapping Studies in Software Engineering    
  N. Ali  (Brunel University, United Kingdom), S. Counsell  (Brunel University, United Kingdom), and S. Swift  (Brunel  
  University, United Kingdom)  
 ● SPPI: Software Process and Product Improvement    
  S. Biffl  (Vienna University of Technology, Austria), R. Rabiser  (Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria), and D.   
  Winkler  (Vienna University of Technology, Austria)  
 ● STREAM: Software Analytics: Mining Software Open Datasets and Repositories    
  A. Ampatzoglou  (University of Macedonia, Greece) and E.M. Arvanitou  (University of Macedonia, Greece)  
 Special Sessions and Organizers  
 ● EUP: European Research Projects    
  G. Quattrocch  i (Politecnico di Milano, Italy) and D. A. Tamburri  (JADS & Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)  
 ● WIP: Work in Progress    
  R. Stojanovic  (University of Montenegro), B. Lutovac  (University of Montenegro) and E.Grosspietsch  (Euromicro)  
 Best Paper Award  
   
 Based on the reviews and PC discussion, each track will nominate up to two papers for the Best Paper Award. The Award Committee will select from them one paper for the Best Paper Award.  

 Submission Guidelines  
 The Euromicro Conference Series on Software Engineering and Advanced Applications (SEAA) is a long-standing international forum for researchers, practitioners, and students to present and discuss the latest innovations, trends, experiences, and concerns in the field of Software Engineering and Advanced Applications in information technology for software-intensive systems.  
 SEAA 2023 encourages the submission of full research papers, short papers, tool demo papers (maximum 4 pages), and posters (maximum 2 pages). A maximum of 8 pages is allowed for each full research paper. Papers follow a single-blinded reviewing process and must contain original unpublished work, describe significant novel contributions, and provide evidence about the validation of the results. Reports on industrial applications are also welcome.  
 Two maximum extra pages are allowed in the proceedings: the cost for such pages is 60 EUR per page.  
 Papers submitted to SEAA 2023 must not be under review or submitted for review elsewhere whilst under consideration for SEAA 2023. Contravention of this concurrent submission policy will be deemed a serious breach of scientific ethics, and appropriate action will be taken in all such cases.  
   
 Conference Publishing Services (CPS) will publish accepted papers in the conference proceedings, and the proceedings will be submitted to the IEEE Xplore digital library and indexing services. We reserve the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., by not placing it in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library) if it is not presented at the conference.   
 Best papers of SEAA 2023 will be invited to submit extended versions for a theme issue at Elsevier Information and Software Technology. Selected papers will be expected to comply with the standard guidelines of the journal when publishing an extended version of a paper, including adding about 30% new material.  
 Papers must strictly adhere to the two-column IEEE conference proceedings format.  
  Please use the available templates  . LaTeX users should use the following configuration: \documentclass[conference]{IEEEtran}. Microsoft Word users should use the US Letter format template. All submissions of all the tracks and special sessions at SEAA 2023 must be in PDF and must be submitted online by the deadline via the EasyChair  conference management system at following web page  .  
 For further information, please contact Dario Di Nucci or Valentina Lenarduzzi via seaa2023@easychair.org  .  
  
  Online Registration Form  
 https://www.euromicro.org/registration/registration.php?event=seaa2023 
  Early bird fee registration will be open until | July 15 th  . 
   
 EUROMICRO Member | Non-Member | Student 
 EUR  500  ( early bird fee  ) | EUR  590  ( early bird fee  ) | EUR  450  ( early bird fee  ) 
 EUR  550  ( regular fee  ) | EUR  650  ( regular fee  ) | EUR  500  ( regular fee  ) 
  
  * One speaker can only cover two papers maximum by one registration.  
 Student status must be proved by sending a scanned copy of the student ID by email to office@euromicro.org  at the same day. 
  Students who are authors of a paper to be presented at the conference are only eligible to the student rate if at least one of their originally submitting co-authors registers at a full rate. 
  Conference fees include Conference fees include admission to all technical sessions, welcome reception, social dinner, lunch and two coffee breaks per day; access to conference proceedings in internet. 
  For students Conference fees include Conference fees include admission to all technical sessions, welcome reception, lunch and two coffee breaks per day; access to conference proceedings in internet. 
  For authors of the main conference: for each paper at least one of the originally submitting authors has to register at (non-)member rate.    
  Deadline for registration and payment for authors to ensure publication of an accepted paper of the main conference will be July 10th, 2023.    
  Costs for extra pages in the proceedings: 60.00 EUR per page (2 maximum).   
  
 Main Conference Venue  
   
 Main events’ activities will take place at Grand Blue Fafa Resort   on the beautiful long beach of Golem, Durres, close to Tirana Airport.  
 Grand Blue Fafa Resort   main venue.  
 Special offers for conference participants are available.  
 Venue Name:  Grand Blue Fafa Resort & Spa  
  Adress: Long Beach, Golem, Kavaje,  
   Contact number: Albanian  Tel: +355697086352   
   Email contact: grandbluefafa@fafa.al    
   Contact reservations: info@fafa.al   
  You can check the Grand Blue Fafa Resort offers here.   
 MAIN VENUE IS SOLD OUT  , Please try booking one of the other recommended hotels, or accommodation nearby  
  
 SEAA STEERING COMMITTEE   
 Stefan Biffl  – Chairman   
 Vienna University of Technology, Austria  
 Michel Chaudron    
 Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands  
 Onur Demirors    
 Izmir Institute of Technology, Turkey  
 University of New South Wales, Australia  
 Carmine Gravino    
 University of Salerno, Italy  
 Helena Holmström Olsson    
 Malmö University, Sweden  
 Rick Rabiser    
 Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
 Andreas Wortmann    
 Stuttgart University, Germany  
 GENERAL CHAIR   
 Radovan Stojanovic    
 University of Montenegro, Montenegro  
 PROGRAM CHAIRS   
 Dario Di Nucci    
 University of Salerno, Italy  
 Valentina Lenarduzzi    
 University of Oulu, Finland  
 PROCEEDINGS CHAIR   
 Xiaozhou Li    
 Tampere University, Finland  
 PUBLICITY CHAIR   
 Giulia Sellitto    
 University of Salerno, Italy  
 LOCAL ORGANIZING CHAIRS   
 Betim Cico    
 Epoka University, Albania  
 Lindita Mukli    
 University of Durres, Albania  
 Eris Zego    
 University of Durres, Albania  
 IMPORTANT DATES   
 ● Deadline for paper submission: May 15th, 2023   
  ● Notification of acceptance: June 26th, 2023   
  ● Camera-ready papers: August 4th, 2023   
  ● Early bird registration: July 15th, 2023   
 The deadline for registration and payment for authors to ensure the publication of accepted papers is July 10th, 2023.  
 CONFERENCE VENUE   
 Grand Blue Fafa Resort, Golem   
  Durres, Albania.  
 More information about registration form and further steps will be announced soon.  

 Search for:       
 Recent Posts  
 DSD/SEAA 2023 Conference has been successfully completed! 
  DSD/SEAA 2023 Conference Program has been updated! 
  DSD/SEAA 2023 Conference Program has been announced! 
  DSD/SEAA 2023 Conference Quick Links 
  DSD/SEAA 2023 Conference Social Life Events 
   
 Recent Comments  

 Archives  
 September 2023 
  August 2023 
  July 2023 
  June 2023 
  April 2023 
  March 2023 
  November 2022 
   
 Categories  
 Conference news 

 Join our Newsletter  

 Keep Updated  

 Copyright © 2024 DSD/SEAA 2023 –  OnePress  theme by FameThemes