IEEE websites place cookies on your device to give you the best user experience. By using our websites, you agree to the placement of these cookies. To learn more, read our Privacy Policy.   Accept & Close    

  SEC 2023 – Trustworthy Edge Computing Workshop  
  Organized in conjunction with ACM SEC 2023, Wilmington, DE, USA, Dec. 9th 2023  
   
  Edge computing has become a topic of significant interest in academic and industrial research, driven by the fundamental improvements in latency, bandwidth savings and energy efficiency it offers with respect to offloading application workloads. While many envisioned applications in edge computing are relevant in the context of real-time analytics and feedback, most of the research today approaches edge computing from a “best effort” perspective, focusing on expected/average system behavior.  

  Nevertheless, in order to make edge computing appealing for consumer applications, trustworthiness must be considered as a key design objective. Thus, depending on the application, systems must go beyond the provisioning of average system behavior assurances. In this way, trustworthiness directly relates to predictability, latency as well as availability/reliability. However, beyond such standard metrics for networked systems, security and safety of edge-based applications will also play an important role, while relating properties of the edge infrastructure and of the associated applications running on top of the infrastructure.  
  
  We solicit contributions towards trustworthy edge computing systems and applications, such as (but not limited to):   
 Theoretical and/or practical results targeting at predictability of edge computing systems with respect to computational and communication aspects 
  Models and algorithms to determine trustworthiness of edge computing systems and corresponding applications 
  Orchestration mechanisms to integrate edge and cloud computing resources 
  Security, privacy and safety mechanisms for assurance of edge computing systems 
  General theoretical and/or practical results on integrated communication and computation aspects of edge computing systems and applications 
  Volunteer edge computing with distributed resource brokering 
  Federated learning via edge systems in relation to safety, security and privacy 
  Trustworthy edge -assisted artificial intelligence 
  Application-oriented resource allocation and cross-layer optimization 
  Software engineering aspects towards trustworthy edge systems and applications 
  Consumer applications for trustworthy edge computing in residential, industry, or government sectors 
  Service level agreements, contracts or similar approaches for handling multiple users/tenants settings in heterogeneous mixed criticality applications 
  Social, economic and behavioral considerations for building sustainable edge computing systems and applications 
  AI for trustworthy systems 
  Distributed ledger technology (DLT) & blockchain for trustworthy edge computing 
   
  KEY DATES & Submission Instructions    
  
  Submission Deadline: July 21, 2023  August 20, 2023  hard deadline   
  
  Notification: September 22, 2023   
  
  Camera-ready paper deadline: October 6, 2023   
  
  Workshop: December 9, 2023   
  
  Only electronic submissions in PDF will be accepted. Submitted papers must be written in English and must render without error using standard PDF viewing tools. Submitted papers must be no longer than 6 single-spaced 8.5" x 11" pages including figures and tables, but excluding references, and using 10-point type on 12-point (single-spaced) leading, two-column format, Times Roman, or a similar font, within a text block 7.14" wide x 9.22" deep. IEEE Standard template for Latex and Word meet these specifications and can be found at: https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  . Papers not meeting these criteria will be rejected without review, and no deadline extensions will be granted for reformatting. Pages should be numbered, and figures and tables should be legible in black and white, without requiring magnification.  
  
  At least one author for each accepted paper for the TEC Workshop 2023 must register for the workshop.  
  
  Submission website: https://tec23.hotcrp.com    
  
  Organization    
 TEC 2023 will be a half-day workshop with two paper presentation sessions, one keynote and potentially a poster / short-paper presentation session.  
  
  TPC co-chairs    
 Jaya Prakash Champati, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid  
 Prasad Calyam, University of Missouri-Columbia  
  
  Organizing Chair    
 James Gross, KTH Stockholm  
  
  Technical Program Committee   
 Baek-Young Choi, University of Missouri - Kansas City  
 Wei Bao, University of Sydney  
 Saptarshi Debroy, City University of New York  
 Aaron Ding, TU Delft  
 Paul Pop, DTU Kopenhagen  
 Klaus Wehrle, RWTH Aachen University  
 Liyao Xiang, Shanghai Jiao Tong University  
 Hongwei Zhang, Iowa State University  
 Michael Zink, University of Massachusetts  
 Jianli Pan, George Mason University  
 Roberto Morabito, University of Helsinki  
 Li Chen, University of Louisiana at Lafayette  
 Ing-Ray Chen, Virginia Tech  

 Navigation bar  
  
  Important Dates   
  
  Workshop Organizers   
  
  Instructions for authors   
  
  Workshop Program