Skip to main content    
     
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   2023 20th Annual IEEE International Conference on Sensing, Communication, and Networking   
 11–14 September 2023 // Madrid, Spain   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Authors | Call for Papers 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Workshop Papers 
  Program | Accepted Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Demos 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  Social Program 
  Panel 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Student Travel Grants 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  Call for Papers  

 The 20th annual IEEE International Conference on Sensing, Communication and Networking (SECON) will provide a unique forum to exchange innovative research ideas, recent results, and share experiences among researchers and practitioners in wireless and mobile communication networks. The conference aims to serve as the reference exhibit for state-of-the-art research supported by implementation and insights gained on all scales of experimental systems, network architectures, components, and protocols.  

 Looking beyond current sensing, communication, and networking paradigms, IEEE SECON continues to emphasize pioneering cross-disciplinary work as its signature footprint in the contemporary research landscape. Towards that end, SECON encourages work that falls at the intersection of traditional sensing/networking and new disciplinary areas including (but not limited to) machine intelligence, data analytics, edge computing, social networks, rural connectivity, electromagnetic fields, to name a few, encompassing topics ranging from biological communication and computing networks to uncharted wireless bands, edge intelligence, social media data exploitation, mobile data analysis and beyond 5G/6G networking/communications aspects. Papers describing original, previously unpublished research, experimental efforts, practical experiences, as well as visionary roadmaps, in all aspects of sensor networks, Internet of Things, mobile devices, and wireless communication are solicited. Particular topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 New communication paradigms, such as Terahertz communications, optical Wireless communications, visible light communication, acoustic communication, and uncharted wireless bands, reconfigurable intelligent surfaces 
  Cellular communications and data networks, including 5G, 6G and beyond 
  Molecular communication networks, networks of nano things and bio nano things 
  New platforms, techniques, and hardware designs for low-power, energy limited and batteryfree sensing and communications 
  Internet of Things; cyber-physical systems, software defined and programmable networks 
  Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-based sensing/communications/networking 
  Communication and networking for AI and machine learning 
  Data analytics, AI, and machine learning for sensing, communication, and networking 
  Cloud, edge, and fog computing for sensing and inference 
  Time and location in sensing, communication, and networking 
  Fairness and socio-technical issues in sensing, communication, and networking 
  Security, privacy, and trustworthiness of mobile, wireless and sensor systems 
  Novel experimental testbeds for sensing and networking systems, measurement of sensing and networking systems 
  Deployment experiences in sensing, communication, and networking 
  Sensing, communication, and networking in challenging scenarios (e.g., in-body networks, underground, underwater, rural and low-income areas, space) 
  Resilience, dependability and sustainability of sensing systems (e.g. agriculture, industry, energy, transportation, water, and other smart infrastructural systems, autonomous driving, industrial internet, and smart cities) 
  Novel applications such as wearable computing, virtual/augmented reality, smart and connected communities, sensing and networking of social systems 
  PAPER SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION   
 Papers should neither have been published elsewhere nor be currently under review at another venue. All papers for IEEE SECON 2023 must be submitted via the conference submission system. Each submission must be no longer than 9 pages  (including all the figures, references, and appendices) and in font size of 10 points. Submissions that violate the formatting guidelines will be rejected without review.  
 All submitted papers will be judged based on their quality and relevance through double-blind reviewing, where the identities of the authors are withheld from the reviewers. As an author, you are required to preserve the anonymity of your submission, while at the same time allowing the reader to fully grasp the context of related past work, including your own. Common sense and careful writing will go a long way towards preserving anonymity. Papers that do not conform to our double-blind submission policies will be rejected without review.  
 Use the standard IEEE Transactions templates for Microsoft Word or LaTeX formats at https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  . If the paper is typeset in LaTeX, please use an unmodified version of the LaTeX template IEEEtran.cls version 1.8, and use the preamble:  
 \documentclass[10pt, conference, letterpaper]{IEEEtran}  
 Do not use additional LaTeX commands or packages to override and change the default typesetting choices in the template, including line spacing, font sizes, margins, space between the columns, and font types. This implies that the manuscript must use 10-point Times font, two-column formatting, as well as all default margins and line spacing requirements as dictated by the original version of IEEEtran.cls version 1.8. A smaller font size, up to 8pt, is allowed for reference pages. You can ignore any warning of the submission system for the reference pages.  
 If you are using Microsoft Word to format your paper, you should use an unmodified version of the Microsoft Word IEEE Transactions template (US letter size). Regardless of the source of your paper formatting, you must submit your paper in the Adobe PDF format.  
 The paper must print clearly and legibly, including all the figures, on standard black-and-white printers. Reviewers are not required to read your paper in color.  
 The organizers of IEEE SECON 2023 as well as our attendees expect accepted papers to be presented at the conference. IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore) if the paper is not presented at the conference.  
 Submit your papers via EDAS at:  
 https://edas.info/newPaper.php?c=30522&track=115757   
 IMPORTANT DATES   
 Abstract Registration: 22 March, 2023   5 April, 2023    
 Paper Submission: 29 March, 2023  5 April, 2023    
 Paper Acceptance Notification: 1 June, 2023   
 Paper Camera Ready: 15 July, 2023   

 Call for Papers 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Workshop Papers 

 Patrons  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies