Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Program | Final Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops | ATCS 2017 
  SePrIoT 2017 
  Registration 
  For Authors | Author’s kit 
  Camera-ready submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Visas 
  Travel Information 
  Things to do 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Contact Us 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Program | Final Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops | ATCS 2017 
  SePrIoT 2017 
  Registration 
  For Authors | Author’s kit 
  Camera-ready submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Visas 
  Travel Information 
  Things to do 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Contact Us 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 SecureComm 2017 – 13th EAI International Conference on Security and Privacy in Communication Networks  
    
 October 22-25, 2017  
  Niagara Falls, Canada  
  SecureComm 2017 proceeding were published via Springer      !   
 SecureComm authors have enjoyed  
  100.000+  paper downloads   
  450+  citations    
    
 go to current edition   

   SecureComm 2017 Proceedings are published and available via Springer  and EUDL  !  

   Discover Program in Full   

 Differential Privacy: Potential and Limitations    
 Prof. Ninghui Li   
   Purdue University  
   
 Attacks, Defenses, and Impacts of Machine Learning in Adversarial Settings   
   
 Prof. Patrick McDaniel    
  Pennsylvania State University  
   
   Keynote speakers   

  Publishing partner   
   
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 3.259)     
   
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book series    
   
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Security and Safety    
 Learn more     
   
 Publications  

 EI, Scopus, Crossref, dblp, Google Scholar, and more   
 Indexed in   

 Final full program is now available!     
 Meet the keynote speakers  , Prof. Patrick McDaniel and Prof. Ninghui Li.    
 Registration is now open! More info here  .    

  Publication   
 SecureComm 2017 proceedings have been published via SpringerLink  and EUDL   
 All accepted and presented papers will be published by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 Authors of selected best accepted papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 EAI Transactions on Security and Safety 
  A selection of best accepted and presented papers from the SePrIoT 2017  workshop will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 3.259) 
  Indexed in EI, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, dblp, MAS, EBSCO, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).  

  Topics   
 Security & Privacy in Wired, Wireless, Mobile, Hybrid, Sensor, Ad Hoc networks 
  Network Intrusion Detection and Prevention, Firewalls, Packet Filters 
  Malware Analysis and Detection including Botnets, Trojans and APTs 
  Web and Systems Security 
  Distributed Denial of Service Attacks and Defenses 
  Communication Privacy and Anonymity 
  Circumvention and Anti-Censorship Technologies 
  Network and Internet Forensics Techniques 
  Authentication Systems: Public Key Infrastructures, Key Management, Credential Management 
  Secure Routing, Naming/Addressing, Network Management 
  Security & Privacy in Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing, e.g., RFIDs 
  Security & Privacy in Peer-to-Peer and Overlay Networks 
  Security & Privacy for Emerging Technologies: VoIP, Internet-of-Things, Social Networks 
  Security & Isolation in Cloud, Data Center and Software-Defined Networks 

  About SecureComm 2017   
 SecureComm seeks high-quality research contributions in the form of well-developed papers. Topics of interest encompass research advances in ALL areas of secure communications and networking. Topics in other areas (e.g., formal methods, database security, secure software, theoretical cryptography) will be considered only if a clear connection to private or secure communication/networking is demonstrated.  

 Tweets by EAI_Social 

 Important dates  
  Full Paper Submission deadline   
  21 June 2017  
 Notification and Registration opens   
  28 July 2017  
 Camera-ready deadline   
  24 August 2017  
 Start of Conference   
  22 October 2017  
 End of Conference   
  24 October 2017  
   
 Previous SecureComm editions  
  
  2016  – Guangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Dallas, United States  
  2014  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2013  – Sydney, Australia  
  2012  – Padua, Italy  
  2011  – London, Great Britain  
  2010  – Singapore, Singapore  
  2009  – Athens, Greece  
  2008  – Istanbul, Turkey  
  2007  – Nice, France  
  2006  – Baltimore, Maryland, United States  
  2005  – Athens, Greece  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
   
  EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2017 SecureComm | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent