Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  ATCS Workshop 
  For Authors | Initial Submission 
  Author’s Kit 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Papers 
  Practical Info | Accommodation 
  Venue 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Contact Us 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  ATCS Workshop 
  For Authors | Initial Submission 
  Author’s Kit 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Papers 
  Practical Info | Accommodation 
  Venue 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Contact Us 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

  SecureComm 2018 proceedings are now available at Springer    !   
 SecureComm authors have enjoyed  
  100.000+  paper downloads   
  450+  citations    
    
 go to current edition   

     Singapore Management University  
   
   Title: A User Centric Approach to Secure Mobile Systems and Applications   
     
 The Ohio State University  
   
   Title: Uncovering Server Side Vulnerabilities via Mobile App Analysis   
     
 Robert Deng   
   
 Zhiqiang Lin   
   
 Keynote Speakers   
 Discover Full Program  and Accepted Papers    

  Join  the 150.000 strong EAI community for free  
     
 Objective community recognition - today 
  Community mentorship and evaluation 
  Top indexed research activities and innovation opportunities 
    
 Discover what only EAI can do for your career:   

 We are happy to announce SecureComm 2018 Registration  is now open!    

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be published by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 SecureComm proceedings are indexed  in leading indexing services, including Ei Compendex, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).  
 Authors of selected best accepted papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 3.259) 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Security and Safety 
  Get published with EAI:  
 EAI Transactions (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series 

  Topics   
 Security & Privacy in Wired, Wireless, Mobile, Hybrid, Sensor, Ad Hoc networks 
  Network Intrusion Detection and Prevention, Firewalls, Packet Filters 
  Malware Analysis and Detection including Botnets, Trojans and APTs 
  Web and Systems Security 
  Distributed Denial of Service Attacks and Defenses 
  Communication Privacy and Anonymity 
  Circumvention and Anti-Censorship Technologies 
  Network and Internet Forensics Techniques 
  Authentication Systems: Public Key Infrastructures, Key Management, Credential Management 
  Secure Routing, Naming/Addressing, Network Management 
  Security & Privacy in Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing, e.g., RFIDs 
  Security & Privacy in Peer-to-Peer and Overlay Networks 
  Security & Privacy for Emerging Technologies: VoIP, Internet-of-Things, Social Networks 
  Security & Isolation in Cloud, Data Center and Software-Defined Networks 

  About SecureComm 2018   
 SecureComm seeks high-quality research contributions in the form of well-developed papers. Topics of interest encompass research advances in ALL areas of secure communications and networking. Topics in other areas (e.g., formal methods, database security, secure software, theoretical cryptography) will be considered only if a clear connection to private or secure communication/networking is demonstrated.  

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Flashback to remarkable moments from #SecureComm2017  ?  
  Beside the majestic Niagara Falls, we recognized high-quality researchers! pic.twitter.com/xHpgFCJniG   
 — EAI SmartTech (@EAI_SmartTech) October 26, 2017 | Tweets by EAI_Social 

 Important dates  
 Loading important dates.   
   
 Previous SecureComm editions  
 2017  – Niagara Falls, Canada  
  2016  – Guangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Dallas, United States  
  2014  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2013  – Sydney, Australia  
  2012  – Padua, Italy  
  2011  – London, Great Britain  
  2010  – Singapore, Singapore  
  2009  – Athens, Greece  
  2008  – Istanbul, Turkey  
  2007  – Nice, France  
  2006  – Baltimore, Maryland, United States  
  2005  – Athens, Greece  
   
 Partners  
    
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
   
  EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2018 SecureComm | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent