Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Program At a Glance 
  Full Program 
  Brochure 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  On-site participants | On-site Presentation Guide 
  Venue 
  Things to do 
  Online participants | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Submission | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop papers – S/P-IoT vol.2 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Program At a Glance 
  Full Program 
  Brochure 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  On-site participants | On-site Presentation Guide 
  Venue 
  Things to do 
  Online participants | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Submission | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop papers – S/P-IoT vol.2 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI SecureComm 2023 was held as an on-site conference in Hong Kong   
 THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION AND YOUR INVOLVEMENT!  

 Full Program   

 October 19-21, 2023  
  Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong SAR, Hong Kong  
    
 For online participants only  
  The Video Submission Deadline is  
  15 September 2023  :   
 Video Submission Instructions   

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in SecureComm 2023!   
   
 We look forward to meeting you next year  
  in Dubai, United Arab Emirates on October 24-26, 2024.   

 Get involved in the next edition:   
   
 Next edition   

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speaker    

 Prof. Robert Deng    
   
 AXA Chair Professor of Cybersecurity, Singapore Management University,  
  Fellow of IEEE, Fellow of Academy of Engineering Singapore   

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speaker    

 Prof. Wenyuan Xu    
   
 Professor in the College of Electrical Engineering at Zhejiang University, China   

 EAI Index   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Register Now   

 Camera-ready Instructions   

 Accepted papers   

 Paper Submission is now open for the 19th edition of EAI SecureComm ! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of EAI SecureComm here  .    
 EAI SecureComm 2023 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  Proceedings   
 EAI SecureComm 2023 proceedings are in the production process by Springer – LNICST series. Conference proceedings will be published in 2 parts. Please find more details in SpringerLink Digital Library links below:   
 Part I 
  Part II 

  About SecureComm 2023   
 SecureComm is a conference in EAI core conference portfolio focusing on cybersecurity. The aim of SecureComm is to bring together researchers and practitioners in academic, industry, and government in security, networking, communication and other related communities to explore important research directions in the field. The 19th SecureComm conference seeks submissions of high-quality research contributions. Topics of interest encompass ALL areas of secure communications and networking. Topics in less related areas will be considered if a clear connection to secure communication and networking is demonstrated. Topics addressing interdisciplinary challenges in different application domains are welcome.  

  Topics   
 We welcome contributions from the following fields:  
 Security and privacy in computer networks (e.g., wired, wireless, mobile, hybrid, sensor, vehicular, satellite, 5G, 6G, ad hoc, peer-to-peer, and software-defined networks) 
  Security and privacy in systems with strong secure communication and networking element (e.g., security in the cloud, IoT, cyber-physical systems, edge and fog computing, and teleconferencing) 
  Security and privacy in Web3.0 and metaverse 
  Distributed ledger technologies (e.g., blockchain, smart contracts, and cryptocurrencies) and decentralized applications (e.g., DeFi) 
  Security protocols at all network layers and for different applications (e.g., for secure routing, naming/addressing, network management, remote authentication and attestation) 
  Physical layer security (e.g., jamming, GPS spoofing) 
  Network attacks (e.g., DDoS, MitM, malware, botnets, side-channel attacks, phishing/pharming, cybersquatting), defenses (e.g., network intrusion detection and prevention, firewalls, packet filters, moving target defence) and forensics 
  Applications of cryptography (e.g., Analysis of deployed cryptography and cryptographic protocols, Cryptographic implementation analysis, New cryptographic protocols with real-world applications) 
  Security analysis (e.g., Malware analysis, Automated security analysis of source code and binaries, Program analysis) 
  Data-driven security and measurement studies (e.g., Measurements of fraud, malware or spam; Measurements of human behavior and security) 
  Cybercrime investigation and attribution 
  Cyber threat intelligence and cyber incident responses 
  Anonymous and privacy-aware communications (e.g., Tor, darknet) 
  Internet censorship and circumvention 
  Secure communication and networking applications (e.g., industry 4.0, energy, transportation, smart cities) 
  Quantum key distribution and other quantum-based secure communications 
  Visualization of secure communications and networking 
  Privacy-preserving computing in secure communication and networking (e.g., privacy-preserving machine learning) 
  The resilience of computer networks and critical infrastructures 
  Web and mobile security and privacy 
  Defending false information online (e.g., mis-, dis- and mal-information) 
  Socio-technical aspects of secure communications and networking (e.g., usability, human behaviors, legal issues, cybercrime, economics) 
  Security and privacy of contact tracing and other COVID-19 related digital interventions with a core element on telecommunications or networking 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, IO-Port, MatchSciNet, Inspec and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 3.0 (2022)] 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Security and Safety (Open Access) 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates   
 Main Track   
 Loading important dates.   
  
 Late Track   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  20 June 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  10 August 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  20 September 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  19 October 2023  
  End of Conference   
  21 October 2023  
 Workshop Track: S/P-IoT   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  20 June 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  10 August 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  20 September 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  19 October 2023  
  End of Conference   
  21 October 2023  
   
 Previous SecureComm editions  
 2022  – Virtual conference  
  2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Orlando, United States  
  2018  – Singapore, Singapore  
  2017  – Niagara Falls, Canada  
  2016  – Guangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Dallas, United States  
  2014  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2013  – Sydney, Australia  
  2012  – Padua, Italy  
  2011  – London, Great Britain  
  2010  – Singapore, Singapore  
  2009  – Athens, Greece  
  2008  – Istanbul, Turkey  
  2007  – Nice, France  
  2006  – Baltimore, Maryland, United States  
  2005  – Athens, Greece  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2023 SecureComm | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent