Skip to content    About Us 
  News 
  Events 
    
 Researchers 
  Innovation and Tech Transfer 
  Research Areas 
  Academic Formation 

 EN    
 /   
 ES    

 Events  

 SEMANTICS 2023: 19th International Conference on Semantic Systems  
  21/Sep   

 International representatives from business and research organisations will gather this September, in Leipzig (Germany) for the 19th edition of SEMANTiCS and Language Intelligence 2023 conference, to exchange ideas on data and information management, artificial intelligence, and  
  digital transformation. Don’t miss out on this exceptional opportunity to be part of SEMANTiCS / Language Intelligence 2023, where the worlds of Knowledge Graphs, Multilingual Artificial Intelligence, and semantic technologies converge.  
  At SEMANTiCS researchers, industry experts and business leaders can develop a thorough understanding of trends and application scenarios in the fields of Machine Learning, Data Science, Linked Data and Natural Language Processing. Indeed, this edition will focus on the use of  
  knowledge graphs and artificial intelligence in semantic technologies. SEMANTiCS is organised in conjunction with LANGUAGE INTELLIGENCE 2023, which will showcase the latest developments in Multilingual Artificial Intelligence: speech interaction, deep meaning processing and multilingual communication and cognition. Both conferences will take place from September 20-22, 2023, at the Hyperion Hotel in Leipzig (Germany).  
  SEMANTiCS has a longstanding reputation for bridging the gap between academic research and practical industry applications, creating an environment where ideas flourish, and knowledge is shared. By changing venues between Germany, Austria, and the Netherlands, SEMANTiCS ensures the Semantic Web community across Europe can unite, collaborate, and shape the future of semantic technologies. Besides, the organising committee comprises a diverse pool of members from different countries: Germany, the USA, Italy, Spain, the UK, Austria, and the Netherlands. In an exciting collaboration, SEMANTiCS has integrated the program of the Language Intelligence 2023 conference, enriching the event with the presence of leading experts in the field of language intelligence. This convergence is crucial to foster an interdisciplinary environment, facilitating the exchange of ideas and knowledge across diverse domains.  
  SEMANTiCS / Language Intelligence 2023 invites professionals, researchers, and enthusiasts from around the world to gather in Leipzig (Germany). This esteemed event offers a unique opportunity to engage with international experts in artificial intelligence, data and information management, and foundation models. We are happy to bring domain experts to Leipzig (Germany) from all over the world.  
 KEYNOTES   
 Xin Luna Dong,  Head Scientist at Meta Reality Lab, USA with a talk entitled: Generations of Knowledge Graphs: The Crazy Ideas and The  
  Business  
 Aidan Hogan,  Associate Professor at the Department of Computer Science, University of Chile with a talk entitled: Knowledge Graphs in the Age of Large Language Models  
 Marco Varone,  CTO & Co-Founder, expert.ai, Italy with a talk entitled: From Part-of-speech to AI: A 30 Years’ Journey in the World of  
  Language Understanding  
 Edward Curry,  Professor of Data Science and Director of the Insight SFI Research Centre for Data Analytics at the University of Galway  
 WHEN AND WHERE   
  Date: September 20-22, 2023  
  Website: https://2023-eu.semantics.cc/  
  Registration: https://2023-eu.semantics.cc/page/registration  
  Place: HYPERION Hotel Leipzig, Sachsenseite 7, 04103 Leipzig, Germany  
  Program: Sep 20: DBpedia Day, Workshops & Tutorial | Sep 21-22: Main Conference Days  
  Contact: Julia Holze (holze@infai.org) & Angelo Salatino (angelo.salatino@open.ac.uk)  

 Researchers | Directors 
  Associate Researchers 
  Ad Hoc Researchers 
  Young Researchers 
  Senior Researchers 
  Postdoctoral Researchers 
  Ph.D. Students 
  Master Students 
  Undergraduate Students 
  Innovation and Tech Transfer | Our Services 
  Our Team 
  Our work 
  Our Board 
  Projects and Research Areas | Emblematic Projects 
  Research Areas 
  Publications 
  Postgraduate Studies and Networking | PhD Programs 
  Research Career 
  Research/Work with us 

 About Us | What is Foundational Research on Data 
  Our Structure 
  Contact Information 
  Events and News | News 
  Events 

 Instituto Milenio Fundamentos de los Datos  
  Centro de Innovación UC, 4to piso, Campus San Joaquín, Pontificia Universidad Católica.  
  Vicuña Mackenna 4860, Macul, Santiago, Chile.  
  E-mail: fundamentos@imfd.cl