Skip to content      
   Digital Watch Observatory   
 Digital Governance in 50+ issues, 500+ actors, 5+ processes  
   
 Subscribe                       
 Search for:        

  Menu  Topics | Infrastructure | Telecommunications infrastructure 
  Critical internet resources 
  Digital standards 
  Net neutrality and zero-rating 
  Cybersecurity | Cybercrime 
  Critical infrastructure 
  Cyberconflict and warfare 
  Violent extremism 
  Child safety online 
  Encryption 
  Network security 
  Human rights | Privacy and data protection 
  Right to be forgotten 
  Freedom of expression 
  Rights of persons with disabilities 
  Gender rights online 
  Freedom of the press 
  Children rights 
  Human rights principles 
  Legal and regulatory | Jurisdiction 
  Alternative dispute resolution 
  Data governance 
  Intellectual property rights 
  Liability of intermediaries 
  Convergence and OTT 
  Digital legacies 
  Economic | E-commerce and Digital Trade 
  Digital business models 
  Taxation 
  Consumer protection 
  Future of work 
  Cryptocurrencies 
  Development | Sustainable development 
  Digital access 
  Inclusive finance 
  Capacity development 
  E-waste 
  Sociocultural | Content policy 
  Cultural diversity 
  Multilingualism 
  Digital identities 
  Online education 
  Interdisciplinary approaches 
  Technologies 
  Processes | UN Open-ended Working Group (OEWG) 
  Explore Global Digital Compact 
  WSIS+20 process 
  EU’s DSA & DMA 
  Geneva Dialogue on Responsible Behaviour in Cyberspace 
  Convention on AI and human rights (CoE) 
  GGE on LAWS 
  Internet Governance Forum 
  Ad Hoc Committee on Cybercrime 
  The WTO Joint Initiative on e-commerce 
  Trends 
  Events | Event calendar 
  Briefings 
  Reporting 
  Analysis 
  Policy players | Geneva Digital Atlas 
  Organisations 
  Countries 
  Resources 
  Newsletters | The Digital Watch Weekly 
  The Digital Watch Monthly 
  Lettre d’information mensuelle 
  The Digital Watch Shorts 
  Team 

 Home  |  Events  |  IEEE SERVICES 2023   

 IEEE SERVICES 2023  
   
 2 Jun 2023 - 8 Jun 2023  
 Chicago, USA and Online   

 IEEE WORLD CONGRESS ON SERVICES (SERVICES 2023) is scheduled to take place from 2 to 8 June in Chicago, the USA and online.  
 SERVICES 2023 is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, focused on services computing and applications. It covers various systems and networking research related to cloud, edge, IoT, intelligent computing, learning, Big Data, and blockchain applications, with an emphasis on critical issues such as security, privacy, trustworthiness, and cost-effectiveness. The event will include papers on the impact of COVID-19 on services and infrastructure, as well as symposia and workshops discussing emerging topics. Additionally, there will be industry presentations and panels.  
 For more information, refer to the dedicated web page  .  

 Related topics  
 Cybersecurity  Infrastructure  Telecommunications infrastructure    
   
 Related technologies  
 Blockchain  Emerging technologies    

 Find us here   

 Subscribe to the Digital Watch newsletters  Choose whether you would like to receive our weekly and/or monthly newsletters.  By clicking on the Subscribe button, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy  .     Digital Watch weekly   Digital Watch monthly   Lettre d'information mensuelle Digital Watch   GIP News - Latest updates and events from the Geneva Internet Platform     
    Subscribe       

 The Digital Watch  is an initiative of the Geneva Internet Platform, supported by the Swiss Confederation and the Republic and Canton of Geneva. The GIP is operated by DiploFoundation.  

 Contribute to the observatory  
 The GIP Digital Watch observatory reflects on a wide variety of themes and actors involved in global digital policy, curated by a dedicated team of experts from around the world. To submit updates about your organisation, or to join our team of curators, or to enquire about partnerships, write to us at [email protected]   . We look forward to hearing from you.  

 Except where otherwise noted, the content on this website is licensed by DiploFoundation  under CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 International  . External content is licensed by the respective authors. Please inform us  when making use of the content.   
 About 
  Privacy Policy 
  Terms 
  Log in 

  About WordPress | WordPress.org 
  Documentation 
  Learn WordPress 
  Support 
  Feedback 
  Search