SETA 2020  Welcome Letter 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
  Program 
  Speakers 
  For Authors | Registration  Paper submission 
  Transportation 
  Hotels 
  Contacts 

   SEquences and Their Applications 2020  
  
   22-25 September   Russia, Saint-Petersburg    

 Dear colleagues and friends!   
 Under the current circumstance of the COVID-19 pandemic, the health and safety of our participants are our priority. As such, we have decided to run SETA2020 as a virtual online conference on the same dates, September 22-25, 2020. We also decided to extend the deadline of submission and change other important dates accordingly as:  
 22 June 2020 – Extended Submission Deadline 
  10 Aug. 2020 – Acceptance Notification 
  03 Sept. 2020 – Final submission of accepted extended abstracts 
  Please make use of this extension to prepare your submission(s) and/or to improve your previously submitted ones at the following Easychair link:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=seta2020   
 Further information will be posted soon regarding the online platform that we will be using for SETA2020.  
 The participiants of SETA2020 to have no registration fee for the digital conference.  
 Yours sincerely,  
  Program Committee  
  Tor Helleseth, Chunlei Li, and Zhengchun Zhou.  
   
 SETA is a leading international conference in the areas of sequences and their applications to communication and cryptography. The conference provides a forum for the research communities of these domains, and covers all of the fundamental, computational and implementation aspects of these fields.  
 Language  
 The official language of the event is English  .  
   
 Important dates  
 18 May 2020 | – Submission Deadline 
  22 June 2020 | – Extended Submission Deadline 
  10 Aug 2020 | – Acceptance Notification 
  03 Sept 2020 | – Final submission of accepted extended abstracts 
  21 Dec 2020 | – Submission of full papers to a special issue in the Springer journal Cryptography and Communications – Discrete Structures, Boolean Functions and Sequences 

 Instructions for Authors  
 Extended abstracts of 6-12 pages can be submitted in PDF format via | submission link | . | The Latex template is available here ( | seta2020-template.tex | ) 
  Submissions will be peer-reviewed and accepted submissions will be presented at the conference. Accepted extended abstracts will be made available to the conference participants during the conference. 
  Authors of accepted extended abstracts will be invited to submit a full paper to a special issue in an international journal. 
  List of Topics  
 The topics of the SETA consequence include, but are not limited to:  
 Aperiodic and periodic correlation of sequences 
  Combinatorial aspects of sequences, including difference sets 
  Correlation and transformation of Boolean functions 
  Linear and nonlinear complexity of sequences 
  Linear and nonlinear feedback shift register sequences 
  Multidimensional sequences and their correlation 
  Number-theoretic aspects of sequences 
  Pseudorandom sequence generator properties 
  Randomness of sequences 
  Sequences over finite fields/rings/function fields 
  Sequences with applications in coding theory and cryptography 
  Sequences for radar, synchronization, and wireless communications 
  Construction algorithms and software implementation of signal structures 
  Wireless Communication and Networks 
  Network Coding and Applications 
  Conference Sponsors  
 PJSFC Sistema 

  Welcome to St. Petersburg  
 Few cities in the world can rival Saint Petersburg in the amazing fastness of its birth, development and flowering. There is hardly any other similarly daring and ambitious city that even in its cradle claimed for the right to be on a par with major centers of Europe. Founded by Peter the Great on the Baltic borders of Russia, Saint-Petersburg grew to become, within merely two decades, the brilliant capital of the Great Russian Empire.  
   Registration    

  © 2024 St. Petersburg Electrotechnical University "LETI"