Jump to navigation   
    
 IMCSIT     
 FedCSIS     
 2011     
 2012     
 2013     
 2014     
 2015     
 2016     
 2017     
 2018     
 2019     
 2020     
 2021     
 2022     
 2023     
  Archive     

 Joint 42 th  IEEE Software Engineering Workshop (SEW-42)  
  and  
  9 th  International Workshop on Cyber-Physical Systems (IWCPS-9)  
 Sofia, Bulgaria, 4 - 7 September, 2022  
 Committee   
 The IEEE Software Engineering Workshop (SEW) is the oldest Software Engineering event in the world, dating back to 1969. The workshop was originally run as the NASA Software Engineering Workshop and focused on software engineering issues relevant to NASA and the space industry. After the 25 th  edition, it became the NASA/IEEE Software Engineering Workshop and expanded its remit to address many more areas of software engineering with emphasis on practical issues, industrial experience and case studies in addition to traditional technical papers. Since its 31 st  edition, it has been sponsored by IEEE and has continued to broaden its areas of interest.  
 One such extremely hot new area are Cyber-physical Systems (CPS), which encompass the investigation of approaches related to the development and use of modern software systems interfacing with real world and controlling their surroundings. CPS are physical and engineering systems closely integrated with their typically networked environment. Modern airplanes, automobiles, or medical devices are practically networks of computers. Sensors, robots, and intelligent devices are abundant. Human life depends on them. CPS systems transform how people interact with the physical world just like the Internet transformed how people interact with one another.  
 The joint workshop aims to bring together all those researchers with an interest in software engineering, both with CPS and broader focus. Traditionally, these workshops attract industrial and government practitioners and academics pursuing the advancement of software engineering principles, techniques and practices. This joint edition will also provide a forum for reporting on past experiences, for describing new and emerging results and approaches, and for exchanging ideas on best practice and future directions.  
 Topics  
 The workshop aims to bring together all those with an interest in software engineering. Traditionally, the workshop attracts industrial and government practitioners and academics pursuing the advancement of software engineering principles, techniques and practice. The workshop provides a forum for reporting on past experiences, for describing new and emerging results and approaches, and for exchanging ideas on best practice and future directions.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Experiments and experience reports 
  Software quality assurance and metrics 
  Formal methods and formal approaches to software development 
  Software engineering processes and process improvement 
  Agile and lean methods 
  Requirements engineering 
  Software architectures 
  Design methodologies 
  Validation and verification 
  Software maintenance, reuse, and legacy systems 
  Agent-based software systems 
  Self-managing systems 
  New approaches to software engineering (e.g., search based software engineering) 
  Software engineering issues in cyber-physical systems 
  Real-time software engineering 
  Safety assurance & certification 
  Software security 
  Embedded control systems and networks 
  Software aspects of the Internet of Things 
  Software engineering education, laboratories and pedagogy 
  Software engineering for social media 
  Paper submission  
 Authors should submit draft papers (as Postscript, PDF or MSWord file). 
  The total length of a paper should not exceed 10 pages IEEE style (including tables, figures and references). IEEE style templates are available | here | . 
  Papers will be refereed and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the workshop. 
  Preprints containing accepted papers will be published on a USB memory stick provided to the FedCSIS participants. 
  Only | papers presented at the conference will be published in Conference Proceedings and submitted for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore® database. 
  Conference proceedings will be published in a volume with ISBN, ISSN and DOI numbers and posted at the conference WWW site. 
  Conference proceedings will be submitted for indexation according to information | here | . 
  Extended versions of selected papers presented during the conference will be published as Special Issue(s). 
  Organizers reserve right to move accepted papers between FedCSIS events. 
  Past editions  
 SEW-41 & IWCPS-8 
  SEW-40 & IWCPS-7 
  SEW-39 & IWCPS-6 
  SEW-38 & IWCPS-5 
  SEW Past Workshops  
 The IEEE Software Engineering Workshop (SEW) is the oldest Software Engineering event in the world, dating back to 1969:  
 SEW-37 
  SEW-36 
  SEW-35 | organized in Heraclion, Crete, Greece, 12-13 October 2012 
  IWCPS Past Workshops  
 The IWCPS has its predecessors in the real-time workshops affiliated with past FedCSIS conferences conducted in 2006-2016 timeframe:  
 IWCPS 2016 
  IWCPS 2015 
  IWCPS 2013 
  International Workshop on Real Time Software | 2010, ISSN 1896-7094 
  International Workshop on Real-Time Software | 2009, Mragowo (jointly with 30th IFAC Workshop on Real-Time Programming) 
  International Workshop on Real Time Software | 2008, ISSN 1896-7094 
  International Workshop on Real Time Software | and | Round Table Discussion on Real Time Software Engineering Education | 2007, ISSN 1896-7094 
  Workshop on Real-Time Safety-Critical Software 2006, ISSN 1896-7094 
  Recordings  

 Important dates  
 Technical sessions proposal submission:  November 21, 2021   
  Paper submission (sharp / no extension):  May 10, 2022   
  Position paper submission:  June 7, 2022   
  Author notification:  July 7, 2022   
  Registration and early payment will be open on: July 13, 2022    
  Final paper submission, registration:  July 24, 2022   
  Discounted payment:  July 26, 2022   
  Conference date:  September 4-7, 2022  
   
 FedCSIS 2022 is organized by  
  
 Crisis Management and Disaster Response  
  Centre of Excellence 

 Strategic Partner  

 QED Software   

 Information  
 Home 
  About 
  Important Dates 
  Conference Chairs 
  FedCSIS Program 
  Invited Speakers 
  Gallery 
  Past Invited Speakers 
  Privacy Policy 
  Policies 
  Information for Authors | Call for Papers 
  Call for Position Papers 
  Categories of Papers 
  Paper Reviews and Acceptance Decisions 
  Paper Submission Instructions 
  Publications 
  Indexation and Rankings 
  Professor Zdzisław Pawlak Best Paper Awards 
  Conference fees 
  Conference venue 
    
 Technical Sessions  
 Track 1: AAIA 
  --- AI4NextGenDI 
  --- AIMaViG 
  --- PeRS 
  --- RSTA 
  --- WCO 
  Track 2: CSS 
  --- CANA 
  --- CS&P 
  --- MMAP 
  --- WSC 
  Track 3: NSA 
  --- CN-TA 
  --- IoT-ECAW 
  --- NEMESIS 
  Track 4: AIST 
  --- DSH 
  --- ISM 
  --- KAM 
  Track 5: S3E 
  --- MDASD 
  --- SEW & IWCPS 
  DS-RAIT 
    
 Social Media  
 Join FedCSIS on  
  Facebook  and LinkedIn     

 Technical Co-Sponsors  

 IEEE Bulgarian Section   
  IEEE Poland Section    
     
 IEEE Poland Section Computer Society Chapter   

 IEEE Poland Section Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society Chapter    
     
 IEEE Poland Section Control System Society Chapter    
     
 IEEE Poland Section Computational Intelligence Society Chapter   
     
 Committee of Computer Science of Polish Academy of Sciences   
    
  Mazovia Cluster ICT    
    
  Bulgarian Section of SIAM    

 FedCSIS 2022 will be submitted for indexation in  

  more...   

 Administration  
 Webpage Administration 

 Powered by Drupal