SIGGRAPH ASIA 2023 
  News 
  Interviews     Featured Speakers 
  Program Chairs 
  FACTSHEETS 
  Accreditation 
  Social 
  Gallery/Press Kit 
  Contact 
  SA2023 

 SIGGRAPH ASIA 2023    
   
     The 16th ACM SIGGRAPH Conference and Exhibition on     
 Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques in Asia 
  What to See  
   
     SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 -- Conference and Exhibition  
   
                HIGHLIGHTS FROM 2022  
   
     Watch the highlights of SIGGRAPH Asia 2022! Over 3,000 attendees from 52 countries and regions came together to learn, network, and do business at one of the  region's most established Computer Graphics events .   
  
  This year’s SIGGRAPH Asia will be held in Sydney, Australia, between 12 – 15 December 2023. Anticipated to be a remarkable event, it will bring together over 600 expert speakers, more than 50 exhibiting companies and brands, and a vibrant community of 8,000 attendees.  
   
  Subscribe to get the latest event updates first-hand:  https://bit.ly/sa23subscribe    
  
  #SIGGRAPHAsia    #SIGGRAPHAsia2022    #SIGGRAPHAsia2023    
   
                     Art Gallery  
   
     Art Gallery is a juried exhibition within the Experience Hall. The Art Gallery theme at SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 is "In Unruly Times." This theme encompasses a diverse range of works spanning art, science, and technology, including data visualization, 3D printing, XR, robotics, AI, sound, performance, NFTs, and interactive installations. "Unruly" here signifies a wild, experimental, and uncontrollable quality, reflecting turbulent moments in history, such as conflicts, climate crises, pandemics, inequality, surveillance, and financial and biosystem collapses. "Times" refers to various temporal aspects, including deep time, digital time, ancestral time, and finite resources. In these times, there is an increasing need for sustainable, inclusive, and agile practices that embrace diverse voices, experimental processes, and kindness.  
                     Art Paper  
   
     The Art Paper theme at SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 is "Crossing Thresholds. The theme explores the impact of computer graphics and interactive technology on our stories, memories, challenges, and dreams as we navigate transitions and boundaries in our lives.  
                     Birds of A Feather  
   
     Birds of a Feather (BOF) sessions at SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 are graphics-related, attendee-organized, informational discussions of shared interests, goals, technologies, arts and/or backgrounds. These sessions will focus on topics that are relevant to the computer graphics or interactive techniques community, celebrating, connecting, and enabling new collaborations.   
                     Business & Innovation Symposium  
   
     The SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 Business & Innovation Symposium unveils the theme 'Powering Business Transformation with Generative AI,' a captivating event uniting top-tier business executives, seasoned professionals, researchers, and production trailblazers. This one-day immersive experience delves deep into the ever-evolving realms of business and technology, dissecting transformation challenges and unveiling avenues for growth.  
                     Computer Animation Festival  
   
     A world-wide collection of the year’s best computer animation works. From short films to scientific visualizations to AI-enhanced deepfakes, this year’s festival promises its most expansive and compelling program ever. Watch highly anticipated screenings at the Electronic Theater and Animation Theater, and enjoy an entertaining and thought-provoking sample of the world’s best CG animation.  
                     Courses  
   
     The SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 Courses program aims to help push the boundaries of Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques by providing short or half day master classes led by leading international experts from academia and industry. Courses may target any level of expertise (from beginner to expert) as presenters distil key concepts and ideas into self-contained presentations.  
                     Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  
   
     SIGGRAPH Asia prioritises conversations and industry contributions that spotlight how diversity makes our communities, industries, and teams stronger. Events in the DEI program provides a safe place to grow, discuss, and learn from one another and to bridge boundaries with the goal of making our community more inclusive and accessible to all.  
                     Demoscene  
   
     The Demoscene is an international computer art subculture focused on producing demos: self-contained, sometimes extremely small, computer programs that produce audio-visual presentations. The purpose of a demo is to show off programming, visual art, and musical skills.   
                     Doctoral Consortium  
   
     The SIGGRAPH Asia Doctoral Consortium carries the theme "Connecting Stories: You are not alone", offers a platform for PhD students to connect and share their research in a supportive, interactive environment. Each student presents their work briefly, followed by discussions with both experienced SIGGRAPH Asia researchers and fellow students.  
                     Educator's Forum  
   
     SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 is excited to announce the return of the education program! The Educator’s Forum invites people from both academia and the industry to present innovative research, methods and developments related to the teaching of computer graphics and interactive techniques and application of computer graphics and interactive techniques in all areas of learning.   
                     Emerging Technologies  
   
     Emerging Technologies is a juried exhibition within the Experience Hall that showcases the latest emerging and innovative Technologies that aim to improve our lives. There will also be scheduled presentations for submitters to explain the concepts behind these new research innovations. This year’s Emerging Technologies theme is the  “IN(TER)VENTION.”    
                     Featured Sessions  
   
     The Featured Sessions program casts a spotlight on major breakthroughs, techniques, arts in the field of Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques, that you do not want to miss. It brings the community together to learn from the brightest minds in graphics.   
                     Keynotes  
   
     At SIGGRAPH Asia, the Keynote sessions will offer insights into ground-breaking areas in the field of computer graphics and interactive techniques. Meet Jun Murai and Joe Letteri, SIGGRAPH Asia 2023’s Keynote Speakers.   
                     Posters  
   
     The Posters program provides an interactive forum for innovative ideas that are not yet fully polished, for high-impact practical contributions, for behind-the-scenes views of new commercial and artistic work, and for solutions that help solve challenging problems. It is a cooperative setting where students, researchers, artists, enthusiasts, and industry veterans come together to present their research, art, and ideas to the global CG industry and encourage feedback on recently completed work or tentative new approaches.   
                     Real-Time Live!  
   
     Real-Time Live! is an amazing experience and a unique highlight of the SIGGRAPH and SIGGRAPH Asia conferences. Watch as the best in real-time graphics and interactive techniques come alive in an accessible and entertaining live showcase and competition. From rendering tools to game worlds, from virtual production drama to astrophysics simulation, you never know what to expect in a Real-Time Live! show.   
                     Talks  
   
     Talks encompasses a broad array of topics and viewpoints from the greater SIGGRAPH Asia community and creates an inspiring, informative, and compelling experience for all participants.   
 Talks present new techniques, novel applications of existing techniques, and other developments with broad interest to practitioners of computer graphics and interactive techniques. The program elaborates on a full range of topics relevant to computer graphics and interactive techniques: academic research, case studies, curriculum, pipeline tools, professional development, or technical developments.   
                     Technical Communications  
   
     The Technical Communications program is SIGGRAPH Asia’s forum for presenting novel work that are still in progress. Leading international experts in academia and industry will present new and thought-provoking ideas, valuable know-how from production work, and new applications that are interdisciplinary, at the intersections of graphics with vision, image, video, visualization, AI, HCI, AR, VR, CAD, and many others.   
                     Technical Papers  
   
     The Technical Papers program is the premier international forum for disseminating new scholarly work in computer graphics and interactive techniques. Technical Papers are published as a special issue of ACM Transactions on Graphics. In addition to papers selected by the SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 Technical Papers Jury, the conference presents papers that have been published in ACM Transactions on Graphics during the past year. Accepted papers adhere to the highest scientific standards.  
 Technical Papers Fast Forward  – A 2-hour preview session of all Technical Papers will also be held on the first day of the event where author(s) of each paper get less than a minute to wow the attendees with a brief overview of their work. More details on the Date/Time of this Fast Forward session to be announced.  
                    XR  
   
     The Extended Reality (XR) program is a juried exhibition within the Experience Hall that showcases Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR), and Mixed Reality (MR) prototype systems and/or innovative content with off-the-shelf consumer products and software. There will also be scheduled presentations for submitters to explain the concepts behind these novel technologies.   
 XR includes representative forms such as VR, AR and MR. It is a superset which includes the entire spectrum from “the complete real” to “the complete virtual” in the reality–virtuality continuum.   
 Something new this year will be the   XR Theater, where immersive cinematic and storytelling experiences can be viewed in a VR display theater-like setting!   
                     Trade Exhibition  
   
     Visit the exhibition space where we showcase latest technologies and equipment to the community. Tap on SIGGRAPH Asia as the one-stop event to launch new products, and make impactful announcements and updates. Over  8,000 leading experts, industry leaders, developers, potential investors, international media, young professionals, academia and more from across the globe are expected to attend. 

 ©2023 Koelnmesse Pte. Ltd.  

 Terms & Conditions    
 Privacy Policy    

 Home   

 Cookie Use   
 We use cookies to ensure a smooth browsing experience. By continuing we assume you accept the use of cookies.  Accept    
 Learn More