HOME 
  SUBMIT | Tracks 
  Call for Full Papers 
  Call for Short Papers 
  Call for Resource Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Perspectives Papers 
  Call for Reproducibility Track Papers 
  Call for SIRIP 2023 (Industry Track) 
  ATTEND | Participant Guidelines 
  Registration 
  Visa Information 
  Visa Letter 
  Accommodation 
  Social Events 
  Venue 
  Visiting Taipei 
  COVID-19 Related Info 
  Sustainability 
  Student Travel Grants 
  DEI Grants 
  Call for Volunteers 
  PROGRAM | Schedule 
  Proceedings 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Accepted Papers | Full papers 
  Short papers 
  Perspectives papers 
  Reproducibility papers 
  Demo papers 
  Resource papers 
  SIRIP – industrial track 
  Doctoral Consortium papers 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS | Call for Sponsorships 
  Sponsors 
  ICTIR 2023 
  Menu    Menu 

 Call for SIRIP 2023 (Industry Track) 

 The annual SIGIR conference is the major international forum for the presentation of new research results and the demonstration of new systems and techniques in the broad field of information retrieval (IR). The 46th ACM SIGIR conference, will be run as a hybrid conference – in person in Taiwan, with support for remote participation, from July 23rd to 27th, 2023.  
 The SIGIR Symposium on IR in Practice (SIRIP) 2023 will be held as part of ACM SIGIR 2023, onsite (in Taipei, Taiwan) and online. We aim to provide an opportunity for researchers, engineers, practitioners, analysts and consumers to meet and discuss the latest and greatest Information Retrieval (IR) technologies as deployed in companies, big and small, and to be the premier forum for knowledge sharing across the boundary between academia and industry.  

 Important Dates  

 Time zone: Anywhere on Earth(AoE)    
  SIRIP Paper due: Feb 21, 2023  
  SIRIP Notifications: March 31, 2023  
  SIRIP Camera ready: April 26, 2023  
  SIRIP Days: July 24-26, 2023  

 Proposals Guidelines  

 We solicit position papers & talk proposals for SIRIP talks in the following categories:  
 Open problems and challenges in industry 
  Novel applications of IR/Recsys/NLP/Multimodal learning systems, and complex user interaction modeling in real-world situations 
  Innovative approaches used in deployed systems and products. We also encourage presentations from small companies, especially startups or spin-offs from either a university project or a large company. Papers discussing domain specific challenges are also welcome. 
  Position papers on the current and future state of IR in practice, and the role IR could play in shaping the next generation of information access systems. 
  Building IR systems with an emphasis on trust and safety: Combating misinformation spread; Building privacy preserving retrieval systems; Algorithmic responsibility & fairness. 
  Role of search & IR in remote & virtual settings 
  Role of search & IR in the creator economy (e.g. short video platforms, audio platforms) & marketplaces (e.g. delivery services, hospitality industry, crowdfunding platforms, retail platforms, rentals) 
  System design case-studies from industry practitioners, identifying best practices and design principles for learning systems, scalability aspects 
  Metrics and measurement techniques used at scale to understand performance of industrial systems. Success in achieving offline/online evaluation consistency 
  Presentations creating a connection with academia to solve interesting problems, including presentations from academics spending time in industry, or vice-versa, covering insights for other practitioners 
  Industrial research success stories: from research to production 

 Submission  

 Presentation proposals should be 2-4 pages (excluding references) and follow the ACM format. Formatting guidelines are available at this ACM publication site  (use the ˮsigconf” proceedings template). Please include:  
 Title, abstract, main body of proposal 
  A brief company portrait (~60 words) 
  A short bio of the main presenter (~100 words) 
  Please do NOT submit a sales pitch 
  We also solicit panel discussion proposals in the above categories. Panel proposals should be 1-2 pages and include:  
 Panel title, description, proposed moderator (with a short CV), topics of discussion, and a list or potential profiles of proposed panelists. We strongly encourage a diverse slate of candidates for panelists and moderators. 
  Proposals should be submitted electronically via Easy Chair:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=sigir23   

 Presentation and Publication  

 The presentation format of the Symposium will be decided based on submissions and interest to the wider community, and is likely to be a mix of short and long presentations as well as panels. A condition of acceptance is that at least one author commits to attend SIRIP 2023 (in-person or virtual) to present the work. The authors of accepted proposals will be invited to submit a camera ready copy to be included in the proceedings.  

 SIRIP co-chairs  

 Tracy Holloway King, Adobe 
  Emine Yilmaz, University College London 
  Zhao-Yan Ming, ZUCC 

 Contact  

 sigir23-sirip@easychair.org   

 © 2023 ACM Special Interest Group on Information Retrieval      
  Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Mail 

 Scroll to top