ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 2025 ACM SIGMOD/PODS @Berlin, Germany  

 Welcome  
 Welcome to the home of the 2025 ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference  , to be held in Berlin, Germany, on June 22 - 27, 2025.  
 The Conference.  The annual ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference is a leading international forum for database researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to explore cutting-edge ideas and results, and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences. The conference includes a fascinating technical program with research and industrial talks, tutorials, demos, and focused workshops. It also hosts a poster session to learn about innovative technology, an industrial exhibition to meet companies and publishers, and a careers-in-industry panel with representatives from leading companies.  
 The Berlin Area.  Berlin is the capital of the Federal Republic of Germany and is located in the heart of Europe. With 50 lakes, three rivers (Havel, Spree, and Dahme), and eight canals, Berlin is a water city with around 1,000 bridges, significantly more than Venice. The federal capital has about 3.9 million inhabitants and is Germany's number one cultural melting pot. People from all over the world have shaped the city. Nowhere else in Germany can you find so many world-famous sights, events, flair, charm, entertainment options, a vibrant nightlife, a vast shopping world, and boundless culinary diversity.  
 The Conference Hotel.  The conference will be held at the InterContinental Berlin, a modern and internationally renowned hotel, distinctive with its checkerboard façade and one of the most famous hotels in Berlin. The location directly at the famous "Tiergarten" and just a short walk from the iconic Brandenburg Gate makes the InterContinental Berlin an exclusive starting point for exploring the multicultural metropolis. It is one of Germany's leading conference and event venues, providing an outstanding stage for events of all kinds. It was honored with the "Europe's Leading Conference Hotel" award at the World Travel Awards 2024.  

  SIGMOD/PODS 2025 Anti-Harassment Policy  
 SIGMOD 2025 adheres to the ACM Policy Against Harassment.  Any participant who experiences unacceptable behavior may contact any current member of the SIGMOD Executive Committee  and the PODS Executive Committee  or DBCares  . Please be assured that if you approach us, your concerns will be kept in strict confidence, and we will consult with you on any actions taken.  

 Credits   
  Follow our progress: