Product   

 Product   
 Manage everything to do with your academic applications in one place   

 Analytics   
 Understand how software is being used and make more informed IT decisions   

 Features   
 Institution-focused features solving education’s unique challenges   

 Arrange a demo   
 Register to see AppsAnywhere in action   

 300 +   
 Institutions   
   
 3m +   
 Students   

 22   
 Countries   
   
 15   
 Years   

 Use Cases   

 Enable BYOD and off-campus access   
 Provide equitable access and a seamless experience for all students   

 Centralize your software access   
 An integrated software hub that grows with your needs   

 Streamline your lab management   
 Empower your IT teams to work smarter not harder   

 Reduce or right-size your virtual desktops   
 Why stream a full desktop when you only need an app?   

 Stay cybersecure and IT compliant   
 Maintain your network security and address any vulnerabilities instantly   

 Repurpose valuable campus labs   
 Empower your students to work anywhere on campus and beyond   

 FEATURED CUSTOMER SPOTLIGHT   
  Seneca Polytechnic   

 See all case studies    

 Company   

 About us   
 A community-driven company with a student-centered mission   

 The SUMMIT series   
 A global community reaching the peak of higher ed IT together   

 Contact   
 Connect with us by email, phone, video or social media   

 Events   
 Education-centric conferences and thought-provoking webinars   

 Careers   
 Want to make a difference? Come work with us   

 Feedback forum   

 The future of scalable software delivery is being shaped by you   

 our next event   
 No items found.   

 See all events    

 Resources   

 Articles   
 Insights, blog and the latest education IT news   

 Knowledge base   

 A library of advice, guidance and training resources   

 Customer spotlights   
 300+ institutions achieving software delivery success globally   

 Community forum   

 Knowledge is power! Join our global community   

 Academy   
 Expertly-curated courses, available on demand, exclusive to the AppsAnywhere community   

 Product docs   

 The full collection of AppsAnywhere manuals and technical information.   

 LATEST ARTICLE   
  Cloud Delivery   
 Cloud Delivery vs. Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI): Why Cloud Application Delivery is the Better Option for Education   
 November 19, 2024   
 • by   
 Stephen McMahon   

 See all articles    

 Arrange a demo    

  Search...      
    
 Arrange a demo    

 Events          
 Conference          
 ACM SIGUCCS Annual Conference   
   
 ACM SIGUCCS Annual Conference  
 Apr 8 - 10 2024  
 •  
 Chicago, IL  

 Book time with us  Book time with us    

 Second Look at the Second City  
 We’re excited to announce that SIGUCCS will be returning to Chicago for our Annual Conference.  
 The SIGUCCS Conference is a great opportunity to network with other higher education technology professionals. Get inspired by interesting projects from colleagues around the world, learn new skills in technical sessions, discuss trends past, present and future in panel discussions, and more. Attending SIGUCCS is a great way to expand your professional network and there will be many networking opportunities where you can form new connections and partnerships.  
 What is SIGUCCS?  
 The Special Interest Group on University and College Computing Services (SIGUCCS) is a community of IT professionals from helpdesk employees to CIOs who help higher education institutions leverage current technology to foster discovery and learning.  
 We're proud to support ACM SIGUCCS as event sponsors.  
   
 About the speakers  
 No items found.   

 Meet with us  
    
 Chuck Parks   
 Business Development Director   
 Chuck joined AppsAnywhere in 2023 and is responsible for new customer acquisition and sales strategy for North America. Chuck brings to the team 7 years of experience in software sales across regional start-ups and industry leading companies.  

 FAQ  
 No items found.   

 Where   
 Chicago, IL   
   
 When   
 Apr 8 - 10 2024   

 Book time with us  Book time with us    

  JOIN THE COMMUNITY   
 Stay ahead  
 Sign up to our newsletter.  

 APPSANYWHERE   
 Deliver software at scale, on and off campus   

 AppsAnywhere is a global education technology solution provider that challenges the notion that application access, delivery, and management must be complex and costly. AppsAnywhere is the only platform to reduce the technical barriers associated with hybrid teaching and learning, BYOD, and complex software applications, and deliver a seamless digital end-user experience for students and staff. Used by over 3 million students across 300+ institutions in 22 countries, AppsAnywhere is uniquely designed for education and continues to innovate in partnership with the education community and the evolving needs and expectations of students and faculty.  

 Related reading  

 EDU   
 UNC   
 NER   

 NEXT STEPS TO IMPROVING YOUR SOFTWARE DELIVERY   
 Your apps anywhere, anytime, on any device  
   
 Register your interest for a demo and see how AppsAnywhere can help your institution. Receive a free consultation of your existing education software strategy and technologies, an overview of AppsAnywhere's main features and how they benefit students, faculty and IT, and get insight into the AppsAnywhere journey and post launch partnership support.  
   
 Get started    

 NEXT STEPS TO IMPROVING YOUR SOFTWARE DELIVERY   
 Your apps anywhere, anytime, on any device  
   
 Register your interest for a demo and see how AppsAnywhere can help your institution. Receive a free consultation of your existing education software strategy and technologies, an overview of AppsAnywhere's main features and how they benefit students, faculty and IT, and get insight into the AppsAnywhere journey and post launch partnership support.  
   
 Get started    

   AppsAnywhere is the ultimate cloud based solution for simplified academic software delivery at scale.  
   
 Join the community   
 Sign up to our newsletter.  

 Product    
 Overview  Analytics  Features  Technical Info    
   
 Company    
 About Us  Careers  Contact    
   
 Community    
 The SUMMIT Series  Feedback Forum  Events    
   
 Resources    
 Articles  Case Studies  Academy  Product Docs  Knowledge Base    

 Join the community   
 Sign up to our newsletter.  
     
  Thank you! Your submission has been received!   
   
 Oops! Something went wrong.   

 About Us  Contact  Legal  Privacy Policy    
 © Copyright AppsAnywhere 2024 - All Rights Reserved.   

 YouTube   
      
 Vimeo   
      
 Follow on X   
          
 LinkedIn   

 Thumbnail Designer  
 This section is only visible in the Webflow Designer and Editor (NOT on live site). Use it to design the thumbnail as it will appear if pulled into a related reading component. Make sure you update the links on the thumbnail to point to the current page.   

   Conference   
 ACM SIGUCCS Annual Conference  
  The SIGUCCS Conference is a great opportunity to network with other higher education technology professionals. Get inspired by interesting projects...  
 Apr 8 - 10 2024   
 •   
 Chicago, IL