Skip to the content     Search    ACM SIGUCCS 2023 Annual Conference    
 March 26-29, 2023 • Chicago, IL   
   
    Menu      
 Looking Forward to… 
  About | Volunteers 
  Program | Conference Schedule Highlights 
  Abstracts 
  Call for Proposals 
  Table of Contents 
  Registration 
  Hotel & Travel 
  Social 
  Exhibitors 
  siguccs.org 
   
   Search      

 Search for:      Close search       

 Close Menu     Looking Forward to… 
  About  Show sub menu | Volunteers 
  Program  Show sub menu | Conference Schedule Highlights 
  Abstracts 
  Call for Proposals 
  Table of Contents 
  Registration 
  Hotel & Travel 
  Social 
  Exhibitors 
  siguccs.org 

 Looking Forward to…  

 …our next SIGUCCS Annual Conference March 26-29, 2023 at the Westin Michigan Avenue  in Chicago!  
     
 Did you know that 2023 is the 60th anniversary of the founding of SIGUCCS  ? This will also be our 50th annual conference event. Do you need more reasons to look forward to our next in-person conference? If so…  
 The SIGUCCS Conference is a great opportunity to connect with other higher education technology support professionals from around the world. Attend technical sessions, panel discussions, and engaging team building activities that will inspire you. Enjoy networking opportunities where we share our experiences and learn how other campuses meet their challenges.  
 There are many ways for YOU to be involved in SIGUCCS! Share your expertise  at a technical session. Volunteer  to be part of the conference committee. Plan to join us in March.  
 We are looking forward to seeing you at SIGUCCS 2023!  
 Table of Contents  provides free access to Abstracts and Papers in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Key Dates   
 February 17: Regular Registration Ends 
  March 3: Registration Closed (no on-site registration) 
  March 26-29: SIGUCCS Annual Conference 

 Search   Search    

 Search   Search    

 Recent Posts  

 Recent Comments  
 No comments to show.   

 Archives  
 No archives to show.   

 Categories  
 No categories 

 © 2024 ACM SIGUCCS 2023 Annual Conference   
 Powered by WordPress   
   
 To the top ↑   Up ↑