About 
  Call for papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Important dates 
  Keynotes 
  Organisers 
  Past events 
  Contact us 

 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 IEEE Record # 60469 | Scopus | IEEE Xplore  
 Conference schedule    

 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 IEEE Record # 60469 | Scopus | IEEE Xplore  
 Conference schedule    

 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 IEEE Record # 60469 | Scopus | IEEE Xplore  
 Conference schedule    

 ABOUT CONFERENCE  
 The 16th SIN 2023 conference will serve as a platform for knowledge sharing about the recent trends and advancements in Security of Information and Networks and how these domains are playing role in research and market development of the industries. It will provide a great opportunity for the students and faculties to interact and share ideas with the top-notch in the field face to face. This knowledge sharing may inspire and thrill many young minds and help them bring collaborations and global partners to work together. This conference is organized by Manipal University Jaipur in partnership with multiple universities.  

  ABOUT MANIPAL UNIVERSITY JAIPUR  
 The Manipal Education Group is an established leader in the field of education, research and healthcare. In a span of over six decades, it has transformed the lives of more than 3,00,000 students from over 59 countries. The group includes five Universities – Manipal Academy of Higher Education (MAHE, Karnataka), Sikkim Manipal University (Sikkim), American University of Antigua (Caribbean Islands), Manipal International University (Malaysia) and Manipal University Jaipur (Jaipur). Manipal University Jaipur (MUJ) was launched in 2011 on an invitation from the Government of Rajasthan, as a self-financed State University. MUJ has redefined academic excellence in the region, with the Manipal way of learning; one that inspires students of all disciplines to learn and innovate through hands on practical experience.  

 ABOUT JAIPUR  
 Jaipur is the capital of India’s Rajasthan state. It evokes the royal family that once ruled the region and that, in 1727, founded what is now called the Old City, or “Pink City” for its trademark building color. At the center of its stately street grid (notable in India) stands the opulent, colonnaded City Palace complex. With gardens, courtyards and museums, part of it is still a royal residence  
 https://www.tourism.rajasthan.gov.in/   
 https://www.incredibleindia.org/content/incredible-india-v2/en.html   

 1 / 6   
    
 2 / 6   
    
 3 / 6   
    
 4 / 6   
    
 5 / 6   
    
 6 / 6   

 MUJ is the first state university in Rajasthan to receive A+ Grade with 3.28 score accredited by NAAC. It is accredited by NBA for five programs including Computer Science & Engineering and Information Technology. MUJ achieved 84th rank in NIRF in Engineering category in the year 2021.   
    
 Jaipur, being one of the fastest growing cities in India, has increasing demand for quality higher education in the region. Following an allotment of 122 Acres of land at Dehmi Kalan village near Jaipur, the permanent campus of the University has come up at a fast pace and is by far one of the best campuses in the region. The multi-disciplinary university offers career-oriented courses at all levels, i.e., UG, PG and doctoral and across diverse streams, including Engineering, Architecture, Planning, Fashion Design, Fine Arts, Hospitality, Humanities, Journalism and Mass Communication, Basic Sciences, Law, Commerce, Computer Applications, Management, etc. Some PG programmes are also available in the research mode. MUJ boasts of best-in-class infrastructure, including state-of-the-art research facilities and a modern, digital library. In line with Manipal University’s legacy of providing quality education to its students, the campus uses the latest in technology to impart education.  

 Call for papers  
 Download Call for Papers Document    

 Paper Categories  
   
   Research Contributions  Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that any of the authors has published elsewhere or has submitted simultaneously to any other conference or workshop that has published proceedings. The maximum length for the proceedings is 8 pages for full papers, and 6 pages for short papers.  
   
   Student Contributions  Doctoral / Masters Students are encouraged to propose papers on ongoing research. Please add "(Student contribution)" to the title. The maximum length for the proceedings is 6 pages for student papers.  
   
   Industrial Contributions  Authors from industry and government enterprises are welcome to submit original papers that describe their experiences, challenges, and applications in security. The maximum length for the proceedings is 8 pages.  

 Scope and Theme  
 The 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks (SIN-2023) provides an excellent international forum for sharing knowledge and results in theory, methodology, and applications of Security in information and networks. Papers, special sessions, tutorials, and workshops addressing all aspects and issues of security in information and networks are being pursued. The conference invites significant contributions from researchers and industrial working on the development of cryptographic algorithms, security schemes, cryptanalysis, application security, system security, cloud security, and network security. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers and practitioners from both academia as well as industry to meet and share cutting-edge advancements in the field of information and network security.  

  Hosted by  
 Manipal University Jaipur, India   

 Partner  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Türkiye 
  CES-Lab, Tunisia. 
  Edinburgh Napier University, United Kingdom 
  Istanbul Technical University, Turkey 
  Southern Federal University, Russia 
  Cardiff University, Wales 
  MNIT, India 
  Rutgers University, USA 
  Macquarie University, Australia 

 Topics of Interest  
 Authors are solicited to contribute to the conference by submitting articles that illustrate research results, project outputs, surveys, and industrial experiences that describe significant advances in the following areas, but are not limited to:  
   
 Network defense  
 Tools and development platforms  
   
 Malware analysis  
 Security in cyber-physical systems, Security in Blockchain  
   
 Security in space science  
 Key management and distribution  
   
 Virus and worm analysis  
 Big-data trust, security, and privacy  
   
 Security in mobile devices  
 Security and privacy social networks  
   
 Cloud and system security  
 Security-aware software engineering  
   
 Artificial intelligence security  
 Security in embedded systems and IoT  
 Machine learning techniques and applications in security  
   
 Web and application security  
 Security education and innovative curriculum  
   
 Security in biometric systems  
 Symmetric and asymmetric key cryptography  
   
 Privacy and trust management  
 Computational intelligence techniques in security  
   
 Access control, firewall, and IDS  
 Security ontology, policies, protocols, models, and certifications  

 Proposal/Paper Submission  
  
 Papers must be submitted electronically via the SIN 2023 submission page at | https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/SINCONF2023 

 Papers should be written according to the IEEE conference proceedings format | (https:// www.ieee.org/ conferences/ publishing/ templates.html) 

 SIN2023 conference follows the double-blind review process. Authors should not include the author’s name and affiliation, mailing address, telephone, fax, and email of the principal author on the paper. 

 All accepted papers will be published by IEEE Xplore subject to meeting the IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. Each accepted paper must be registered and presented during the conference to be included in the proceedings. 

 All proposals for organizing workshops, tutorials, demos, and special sessions are expected at the conference e-mail | sinconf2023@gmail.com 

 Technical Sponsor  

 Registration Fees  
  
 Category | IEEE Members | Non-IEE Members | Non-Authors/ Attendee 
 Student Authors | Professional Authors | Student Authors | Professional Authors |  
 Indian Authors (INR) | 11,000 | 14,000 | 13,000 | 16,000 | 4000 
 International Authors (USD) | 275 | 300 | 300 | 350 | 150 

  Registration fee is inclusive of 18% GST.  

  Registration Fee covers:  
  
 Entry to all sessions (Keynote, Technical paper presentations, Industry expert talks, etc.) 

 Refreshments and lunch during sessions on conference dates 

 Conference kit 

 NB: Paper registration covers the registering author; other authors may register as an attendee. 

  Registration Process for authors  
 Step 1: Please pay the paper registration fee  (Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description)  
  Payment Link   
  Payment Link for International authors   
   
  * how to filling out payment form   
  
  Step 2: Please fill the following Registration form after the payment.  Registration form Link   
  
  Step 3: Please submit the CRC copy after the registration form submission.  CRC submission form Link   
  
  Important Instructions:  To complete a successful registration, at least one author must register before the deadline. 
  The registration fee includes participation in the conference, meals, and a conference kit. 
  Boarding and lodging expenses will be the responsibility of the participant. 
  A standard page limit of 6 pages will apply to all submitted manuscripts. 
  Presentation certificates will be issued to presenters only. The certificate will include the names of all authors, but only the presenter's affiliation. 
  If the same author has multiple papers accepted for publication and presentation, each paper requires a separate registration fee to be included in the proceedings. 
  Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description 

  Registration Process for attendee  
 Step 1: Please pay the paper registration fee   
  (Please mention in the field Paper ID: 1 and in the field Paper Title: Sinconf.  
  Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description)  Payment Link   
   
  * how to filling out payment form   
  
  Step 2: Please fill the following Registration form after the payment.  Registration form Link   

 Important Dates  
   
 01  Submission Deadline  
 31 August 2023   

 02  Notification to Authors  
 20 September 2023   

 03  Final Manuscript Due  
 10 October 2023   

 04  Paper Registration Deadline  
 30 September 2023   

 05  Registration HARD Deadline  
 25 October 2023  

 KEYNOTES  

 Erol Gelenbe   
 Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics Polish Academy of Sciences & Laboratoire I3S Univ. Cote d’Azur & Cognitive Networks Ltd, UK  
 more info     

 Dr. MANOJ KUMAR   
 Research Cluster Leader- Cyber and Network Security, University of Wollongong, Dubai  
  
  more info     

 Prof. Priyadarsi Nanda   
 Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS)  
  
  more info     

 Prof. Amit Dua   
 Associate Professor in Computer Science and Information System Department in BITS Pilani  
 more info     

 Dr. Dalal N Alharthi   
 Assistant Professor, the University of Arizona, Tucson, USA.  
  
  more info     

 Some Methods to Improve IoT Performance and Cybersecurity  
  
  Erol Gelenbe  
 Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics Polish Academy of Sciences & Laboratoire I3S Univ. Cote d’Azur & Cognitive Networks Ltd, UK  
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erol_Gelenbeseg@iitis.pl    
 Abstract:  The relative simplicity and lightweight nature of many IoT devices, and their widespread connectivity via the Internet and other wired and wireless networks, raise issues regarding both their performance and vulnerability. Indeed, their connectivity patterns based on the need to frequently forward and receive data have given rise to the « Massive Access Problem (MAP) of the IoT » which is a form of congestion caused by the IoT’s synchronized and repetitive data transmission patterns. On the other hand, the opportunity that IoT devices present to malicious third parties for generating highly contagious distributed denial of service (DDoS) and Botnet attacks, is also a subject of concern that is widely studied. Thus this presentation will discuss our recent results and research directions that address both of these issues. Regarding the MAP, we will outline the Quasi-Deterministic Transmission Policy (QDTP), and its main theoretical result, and present trace-driven measurements, which show that QDTP can effectively mitigate MAP. We will also show how a Machine Learning approach using novel Auto-Associative Dense Random Neural Networks can detect DDoS attacks with a high degree of accuracy, and discuss the potential of « low cost » online learning to protect IoT gateways and devices against Cyberattacks. The speaker gratefully acknowledges research funding from the EC as part of the H2020 GHOST, SerIoT, and IoTAC projects.  
 Biography:  Erol Gelenbe, FIEEE’86 FACM’03 FIET’03 FIFIP’19 FRSS’20, a graduate of METU (Ankara, Turkey), is renowned for mathematical and data-driven modelling of computer systems, the Internet, neuronal networks, and gene regulatory networks. Recipient of the 2010 NYU Distinguished Alumnus Award in Engineering, he is ranked by the AMS Mathematics Genealogy Project in the Top 25 individuals who are the “all-time worldwide” most prolific Ph.D. supervisors in the Mathematical Sciences. He won the Grand Prix France Telecom of the French Academy of Sciences (1996), the Mustafa Prize(2017) for his invention of G-Networks and the Random Neural Network, and the ACM SIGMETRICS (2008) Award stated that he is “the single individual who … made the greatest overall contribution to the field of Computer System and Network Performance Evaluation through original research, mentoring and doctoral training, creation and direction of world-class research groups, wide-ranging international collaboration”. His career has included chairs and named professorships at the Universities of Liege, Paris-Saclay, Paris-Descartes, NJIT, Duke University, University of Central Florida, Imperial College, and now the Polish Academy of Sciences. Active in European research and industry collaborations, a Fellow of the French National Academy of Technologies, the Academy of Sciences of Belgium, Poland, and Turkey, and an Honorary Fellow of the Hungarian and Islamic Academies of Sciences he is the incoming chair of the Informatics Section of Academia Europaea.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Amit Dua  
 Associate Professor in Computer Science and Information System Department in BITS Pilani  
 profile    
 Biography:  Dr Amit Dua is Associate Professor in Computer Science and Information System Department in BITS Pilani. Dr Amit is also the Honorary Adjunct Distinguished Scientist-Professor at Scientific Innovation Research Group (SIRG) and Head of Blockchain Branch (India) of SIRG.  
  Dr. Amit is associated with NeuroLabs International under Dana Brain Health Institute, Iran as Honorary Adjunct Research Scientist for the period of August 22, 2022 to August 21, 2025.  
  Dr Amit is the Founder and CEO of Yushu Excellence Technologies Pvt. Ltd. A strat-up incubated at BITS Pilani incubation center and blossoming under the guidance of BITS Pilani.  
  He is certified Life coach and expert in Neuro-Linguistic Programming, and Hypnosis. Amit is an Advanced Pranic healer.  
  Amit finds great joy in training people in Blockchain technology. He is working towards his mission of changing 10Million lives  
  He is the Amazon Best Selling Author of 3 books on Machine Learning, Cybercrimes and Cyber Hygiene and Blockchain Technology.  
  Dr. Amit has been awarded as Top 10 life coaches of 2022 and Top 10 Most Influential Indian Personalities of 2022.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Priyadarsi Nanda  
 Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS)  
   
 Biography:  Dr. Priyadarsi Nanda is a Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS) with more than 32 years of experience and a strong researcher specialising in research and development of Cybersecurity, IoT security, Internet Traffic Engineering, wireless sensor network security and many more related areas. His most significant work has been in the area of Intrusion detection and prevention systems (IDS/IPS) using image processing techniques, Sybil attack detection in IoT based applications, intelligent firewall design. In Cybersecurity research, he has published over 120 high quality refereed research papers including Transactions in Computers, Transactions in Parallel Processing and Distributed Systems (TPDS), Future Generations of Computer Systems (FGCS) as well as many ERA Tier A/A* conference articles. In 2017, his work in cyber security research has earned him and his team the prestigious Oman research council's national award for best research. Dr. Nanda has successfully supervised 17 HDR at UTS (14 PhD + 3 Masters), and currently, supervising 8 PhD students.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Dalal N Alharthi  
 Assistant Professor, the University of Arizona, Tucson, USA  
 Dalal N Alharthi | UA Profiles (arizona.edu)    
 Degrees:   
 Ph.D. Computer Science 
  University of California Irvine 
  M.S. Computer Science 
  University of California Irvine 
  M.P.A. Public Administration 
  King Saud University 
  B.S. Computer Science 
   
 Work Experience:   
 University of Arizona, Arizona (2021 - Ongoing) 
  Palo Alto Networks (2020 - 2021) 
  Farmers Insurance (2019 - 2020) 
   
 Awards:   
 SANS 
  SANS SEC588 Challenge Coin, Spring 2022 
  Division of Teaching Excellence and Innovation (DTEI) Fellow 
  University of California Irvine, Summer 2020 
   
 Licensure & Certification:   
 Division of Teaching Excellence and Innovation (DTEI) Fellow, University of California Irvine (2020) 
  Cybersecurity Boot Camp (6 months program), University of California Irvine (2019) 
  Entelligence Certified IT Professional, Entelligence (2020) 
  AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Amazon Web Services (AWS) (2020) 
  CompTIA Security+, CompTIA (2020) 

 Close    

 Dr. MANOJ KUMAR  
 PostDoc, Ph.D., M.Sc. (Ireland), M. Tech, B. Tech  
   
 Dr. Manoj Kumar completed his Ph.D. from The Northcap University and M.Sc. (Information Security and Digital Forensics) from Technological University Dublin, Ireland in 2013. He received fully-funded scholarship for his M.Tech and M.Sc. program from Irish Government. Dr. Kumar have more than 13 years of research, teaching, and corporate experience. He is currently working on the post of Associate Professor-Cyber Security in the University of Wollongong in Dubai, UAE and Research Head for Network and Cyber Security Cluster. His specializations are Digital Forensics, Machine Learning, Information Security, Image Processing, IOT and Computer Networking. He has published over 140 articles in International refereed journals and conferences. Dr. Kumar is member of numerous renowned professional bodies including IEEE, ACM, IAENG, ISTS and UACEE and many more.  
 He delivered several guest lectures, seminars and chaired the session at various reputed international conferences. He published three textbooks and eight edited books for the most famed publishers like Springer, CRC Press, IOP, Bentham Science, Taylor & Francis, and Elsevier, etc. He is an associate editor, Guest editor, and editorial board member of various journals of repute. Dr. Kumar received the Best Researcher Award in 2020, an outstanding Scientist Award in 2021, and a Young Researcher Award in 2021 from recognized international professional bodies. He published over 10 patents and delivered three international research funded projects  
 Contact No:  +971 529291824, +91 9911740918  
 Email:  wss.manojkumar@gmail.com, manojkumar@uowdubai.ac.ae, mkumar@uow.edu.au  
 All about My Linktree:  https://linktr.ee/wss.manojkumar   
 LinkedIn:  https://in.linkedin.com/in/manoj-kumar-25668537   
 WebEx:  https://uow.webex.com/meet/mkumar   
 ORCID ID:  http://orcid.org/0000-0001-5113-0639  , SCOPUS ID: 57201849165, Hindex-24  
 Web of Science Researcher ID:  P-7489-2014  
 Google Scholar ID:  jmdqiw0AAAAJ  
 Vidwan-ID:  121799 ( https://vidwan.inflibnet.ac.in//profile/121799  )  
   
 Close    

 Gelenbe Erol  
 “Random Neural Networks (RNN) for Accurate CyberAttack Detection and Mitigation at the Edge”  

 Abstract:  Even simple cyberattacks can impair the operation and performance of network systems substantially for many hours and sometimes days, and also increase the system's energy consumption. Their impact on data security, and the effects of the malware that they convey and install, are also well known. Thus there is a widespread need for accurate cyberattack detection, and rapid reaction and mitigation when attacks occur. On the other hand, the detection must avoid false alarms, to avoid impairing the smooth operation of a system which is not under attack. Thus considerable research has been conducted in this important field. Our presentation will briefly introduce the subject, and then focus on some recent results from the last 4-5 years, that are based on the Random Neural Network (RNN). The mathematical model will be described, and its extensions and deep learning algorithms will be discussed in the context of cyberattack detection and mitigation. The presentation will then focus on practical applications illustrated with different cyberattack datasets, showing the high accuracy and low false alarm rates that can be achieved. Measurements of active control schemes for attack mitigation will also be shown. Finally we will also show how the RNN can be used with Reinforcement Learning and SDN (Software Defined Networks), to dynamically control an Edge System that optimizes Security, QoS and Energy Consumption.  
  Note. The talk will be based on our publications in the following journals and conferences: Proceedings of the IEEE (2020), Sensors (2021, 2023), ACM SIGCOMM Flexnets (2021), ICC (2016, 2022), IEEE Access (2022, 2023), Performance Evaluation (2022).  
 About Speaker:  Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics, Polish Academy of Sciences, & University Côte d'Azur I3S CNRS, 06100 Nice, France   
  About the speaker: Erol Gelenbe FIEEE FACM FIFIP FRSS received his MS and PhD degrees at Brooklyn Poly, and won the Tandon School Distinguished Alumnus Award in 2010. He has held named personal chairs at NJIT (USA), Duke University (USA), University of Central Florida (USA), Imperial College (UK), and full professorships at the University of Liege, University Paris Saclay, and University Paris Descartes. He served as Department Head at University Paris Descartes (1986-92), Duke University (1993-1998), and Director of the School of EECS at UCF (1993-1998). His research focuses on QoS, Security and Energy, and was funded by Industry, DoD and NSF in the USA, EPSRC and MoD in the UK, and numerous EU FP5, FP6, FP7, and Horizon 2020 projects since 2003. Currently Professor at the Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics, Polish Academy of Sciences, since 2017, he also cooperates with the CNRS I3S Laboratory of University Côte d'Azur (Nice, France), and Yasar University (Izmir, Turkey), and his work is now supported by grants from H2020 Horizon and UKRI. He is ranked among the top 25 PhD advisors in mathematical sciences by the American Mathematical Society Math. Genealogy Project and has graduated 24 women PhDs. Winner of the Grand Prix France Telecom 1996 (French Academy of Sciences), the ACM SIGMETRICS 2008 Life-Time Award, and the Mustafa Prize 2017, he was awarded the high honors of Commander of the Order of the Crown, Belgium (2022), Commander of the Order of Merit, France (2019), Knight of the Legion of Honour, France (2014), Commander of the Order of Merit, Italy (2005), Grand Officer of the Order of the the Star, Italy (2007). Fellow of the French National Academy of Engineering, and of the Science Academies of Belgium, Poland and Turkey, he is also Honorary Fellow of the Hungarian and Islamic Academy of Sciences. He currently chairs the Informatics Section of Academia Europaea.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Manoj Kumar  
 “An ensemble framework for detection of DNS Over HTTPS (DOH) traffic”  

 Associate Professor - Cyber Security School of Computer Science  
 UOWD Building, Dubai Knowledge Park  +971 4 278 1932 | +971 4 278 1800/800-UOWD  
 ManojKumar@uowdubai.ac.ae   
  www.uowdubai.ac.ae    
   
 Abstract:  Domain Name System (DNS) is a fundamental protocol and backbone of the internet that translates domain names to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Initially, it was only meant for mapping domain names, however, currently it is used to transfer data over the internet in the form of plain text. This attracts attackers to perform cyberattacks such as DNS spoofing, DNS amplification, and cache poisoning etc. Various solutions were proposed to protect DNS protocol from such attacks such as using DNS load balancers, OpenDNS by Cisco, DNSFilters etc. However, despite these security measures, the attackers can still easily modify the data packets over the network leading to security and privacy concerns. DNS-Over-HTTPS (DOH) is recently introduced protocol with encrypted DNS that defends against issues related to security and eavesdropping largely. However, some challenges are associated with it that need to be addressed for its proper functioning. In this work, an approach is presented to automatically detect DOH traffic using Ensemble-based machine learning framework. The proposed technique is tested on the CIRA-CIC-DoHBrw-2020 dataset and evaluated on classification metrics such as precision, recall, f-score, and confusion metrics. Further, to develop a reliable model that can detect anomalies efficiently, a detailed analysis of false positives and false negatives is done. The demonstrated results show that the presented ensembling techniques EL1 and EL2 outperform the existing approaches by achieving an overall accuracy score of 99.5% and 99.7% respectively and F-score of about 99.8% and 99.7% respectively.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Priyadarsi Nanda  
 “Exploring Security and Privacy Issues in End-User Systems”  

 Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS)  

 Abstract:  In today’s digital era, end-user systems, particularly Internet of Things (IoT) and web technology, have become essential components of our daily lives to make the echo systems efficient and smarter. With the increasing reliance on ubiquitous and digital technologies, user-centric systems are essential to offer a wide range of functionalities in order to fulfil individuals’ needs and preferences through seamless access to information, services, and entertainment. An end-user system is a combination of hardware and software components specifically designed to facilitate the interaction between individuals and technology. Web technology encompasses a vast array of tools, techniques, and standards that are utilized to design, develop, and deliver content across the World Wide Web.  
  In this talk we will explore security and privacy issues in IoT, web technology, smart applications, and propose solutions by combining machine learning algorithms and use of blockchain technologies. We will discuss differential privacy-based system to ensure comprehensive security for data generated by smart homes. Our proposed FedBlockHealth - a novel hybrid approach combining federated learning and blockchain technology to provide a secure and privacy-preserved solution for IoT-enabled healthcare applications will be discussed. Finally, privacy aspects linked to Web-based Chatbots will be discussed to provide the audience a complete understanding on Security and Privacy measures in end-user system.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Dalal N Alharthi  
 “The State of Multi-Cloud Environments: Strategies, Resilience, and Challenges”  

 Abstract:  In today's complex world of multi-cloud architectures, organizations often find themselves dealing with the challenging task of securing a multitude of services. A single misconfiguration in any one of these services can lead to a disaster: a costly data breach that not only affects finances but also damages the organization’s reputation. This talk aims to provide a clear roadmap for handling this challenge. I'll introduce you to a comprehensive strategy for Securing Multi-Cloud Infrastructure—a strategy designed to help you navigate the dynamic nature of cloud environments and strengthen your organization’s defenses effectively. Throughout my talk, you'll gain insights into pivotal steps that form the foundation of a security strategy capable of seamlessly growing alongside your cloud journey. Moreover, I'll explore the evolving threat landscape that may impact the cloud domain. I'll draw upon both industry insights and the perspectives of academia and researchers to offer a 360-degree view of these threats. By bringing together these diverse viewpoints, my goal is to empower cybersecurity researchers and professionals with the knowledge and tools needed to study, build, deploy, and manage secure cloud infrastructure, platforms, and applications.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Amit Dua  
 “Zero-Knowledge Proofs: The Future of Authentication”  

 Abstract:  In the changing realm of cybersecurity it is crucial to strike a balance, between protecting user privacy and ensuring system security. This is where zero knowledge proofs (ZKPs) come into play. An approach that allows for verifying ownership of information without revealing or sharing the data itself. In the talk, I will delve into the fundamentals of ZKPs. Examine their potential to transform authentication protocols. By focusing on real world applications and practical implementations I will share with you how ZKPs have the power to revolutionize information verification offering a future where authentication is both robust and private.  
   
 Close    

 How to Reach  
 CONFERENCE VENUE  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Dehmi Kalan Off Jaipur-Ajmer Expressway Jaipur, (Raj.) Rajasthan 303007.  

  LOCATION  
 Manipal University Jaipur is situated at Dehmi Kalan, off Jaipur-Ajmer Highway, nearly 30 km. from the Main Bus Stand, Railway Station or Airport. It can be accessed by hiring OLA/ UBER/ Local Taxi/ Local Auto. Google Map Link to reach Manipal University Jaipur: Manipal University Jaipur  

  IMPORTANT INFORMATION  
   
 Passport and VISA 
   
 All visitors to India must have a valid passport and visa before coming. Visitors from countries which have signed a special agreement with India are exempted from the visa requirement and allowed to stay in India without a visa for 30 days or up to 90 days, depending on types of agreements. For more information, please contact the local Indian consulate or embassy, or visit the official website of the Ministry of External Affairs  , Government of India.  

 Airport related information 
   
 Indira Gandhi International Airport, Delhi Jaipur Airport, Jaipur (Raj.), India Airport Authority of India  
   
   By Air  
 Jaipur Airport is situated in the satellite town of Sanganer. It has also well connected domestic air links with many Indian cities such as Jodhpur, Udaipur, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkatta, Goa, Bangalore & Mumbai. The distance from Jaipur Airport to MUJ is 27 Kms.  
   
  By Train  
 The Jaipur station is situated within the city area. Indian Railways connects Jaipur from all importent cities of the country and is one of the most cost -effective means of travel. Overnight trains arrive from many major cities including Delhi, Agra, Chennai & Mumbai. Jaipur Railway Station is 24 Kms away from the Manipal University Jaipur. A prepaid taxi / cab service can be used to reach Manipal University.  
   
  By Road  
 Jaipur is well linked by a good network of roadways and road transport to all the important cities. There are excellent bus services between Jaipur – Delhi by Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation with buses approximately running every half an hour both ways. A bus journey typically takes 6 hours by (Volvo) or 6- 7 hrs by other deluxe buses. Travel by car from Delhi to Jaipur takes about 5 hours. The Jaipur bus stand is situated 25 Kms. away from Manipal University Jaipur (MUJ).  

 Organizing Committee  
  
  Chief Patron   
 S. Vaitheeswaran, Chairperson, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Patron   
 G. K. Prabhu, President, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Co-Patron(s)   
 Jawahar Mal Jangir, Pro-President, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Arun Shanbhag, Dean FOE, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Nitu Bhatnagar, Registrar, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Honorary Chair   
 Rajveer Singh Shekhawat, Technical Advisor, Persius Ou, Tallinn, Estonia 
   
  General Chair   
 Sandeep Chaurasia, Director SCSE, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Manoj Kumar Bohra, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Co-General Chair   
 Atilla Elci, Chair SWE Dept., Hasan Kalyoncu University, Türkiye 
   
  Oversight Committee   
 Mahesh Bundele, Poornima College of Engineering, Jaipur, India 
  Rajnish Sharma, Chitkara University, Chandigarh, India 
  Chakradhar C Reddy, Indian Institute of Technology, Ropar, India 
  Pradeep K Gupta, Jaypee University of Information Technology, Waknaghat, India 
  Ashu Verma, Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, India 
   
  Technical Program Committee Chair   
 Parvez Faruki, AVPTI Rajkot, India 
  Sajal Bhatia, Sacred Heart University, USA 
   
  Technical Program Committee Co-chair   
 Vijaypal Singh Dhaka, Director SCCE, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Sumit Srivastava, Director SIT, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Andrei Petrovski, Robert Gordon University, United Kingdom 
  Alexander Chefranov, Eastern Mediterranean University, TRNC 
  Maxim Anikeev, Fraunhofer Institute for Secure Information Technology, Germany 
  Philipp Reinecke, Cardiff University, United Kingdom 
  Hossain Shahriar, Kennesaw State University, USA 
  Behnam Rahnama, Medis Inc., Iran 
  Josef Pieprzyk,CSIRO, Australia, and Polish Academy of Sceiences, Poland 
   
  Local Organizing Chair(s)   
 Neha Chaudhary, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Santosh K. Vishwakarma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Convener(s)   
 Arjun Singh, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Mahesh Jangid, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Co-convener(s)   
 Ankit Vishnoi, Symbiosis Institute of Technology, Symbiosis International (Deemed) University, Pune 
  Somya Goyal, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Finance Committee   
 Anita Shrotriya, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Nirmal Kumar Gupta, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Amit Bairwa, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Publication Committee   
 Sunil Kumar, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Renu Kumawat, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Deepika Shekhawat, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Yadvendra Pratap Singh, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Neelam Chaplot, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Mayank Kumar Jain, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Anshika Malsaria, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Registration & Stage Committee   
 Bali Devi, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Kusum Lata Jain, Manipal University Jaipur 
  Deepika Shekhawat, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Anju Yadav, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Sakshi Shringi, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Babita Tiwari, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Rajesh Kaswan, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Promotion Committee   
 Amit Garg, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Vivek Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Shalini Puri, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Man Mohan Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur 
  Xavier Bellekens, Strathclyde University, Scotland 
  Şerif Bahtiyar, Istanbul Technical University 
  Tahir Sandıkkaya, Istanbul Technical University, Turkey 
  Rajan Shankaran, Macquarie University, Australia 
  Benjamin NGUYEN, INSA/LIFO CVL, France. 
   
  Hospitality and Food Committee   
 Venkatesh Gauri Shankar, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Pooja Gupta, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Aditya Sinha, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Jayesh Gangrade, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Technical Sessions Committee   
 Neha V Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Varun Tiwari, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Ginika Mahajan, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Tarun Jain, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Deepti Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Satyabrata Roy, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Kavita Jhajharia, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Rahul Saxena, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Avani Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  E-presence, Website and Informatics Support   
 Amin Partow, Medis Inc., Iran 
  Hanieh Nasirpour, Medis Inc., Iran 

 Atilla Elci  

 Close    

 Parvez Faruki  

  https://sites.google.com/view/parvezkfaruki/    
 Close    

 Advisory Committee  
 Imed Romdhani, Edinburgh Napier University, UK. 
  Anis Koubaa, Prince Sultan University, KSA. 
  Faouzi Zarai, ENET’Com, Tunisia. 
  Bart Preneel, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium 
  Bülent Örencik, Beykent University, Turkey 
  Cetin Kaya Koc, University of California Santa Barbara, USA 
  Edward Dawson, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Elisa Bertino, Purdue University, USA 
  N. Balakrishnan, IISc Bangalore, India 
  Willy Susilo, University of Wollongong, Australia 
  Alexander Shelupanov, Tomsk State University for Control Systems and Radio Electronics, Russia 

 Past Events & Special issues  
 Previous SIN Conf events and their proceedings (see below for special issues and books):  
  
  International Confreence On Secutity Of Information and Networks, 11–13 November 2022 Sousse, Tunisia (SIN 2022) | Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
  Read Summary   
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 15–17 December 2021 Edinburgh, Scotland and Gaziantep, Turkey (SIN 2021) | . Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
  Read Summary   
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 4-7 November 2020 Istanbul, Turkey (SIN 2020) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL. 
  Read Summary   
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 12-15 September 2019 Sochi, Krasnodar Region, Russia (SIN 2019) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL. | Photo Gallery 
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 10-12 September 2018 Cardiff University, Main Building, Cardiff (SIN 2018) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 13-15 October 2017 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India MNIT, Jaipur, India (SIN 2017) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 20-22 July 2016, New Jersey, USA (SIN 2016) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 8-10 September 2015, Sochi, Russia (SIN 2015) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 9-11 September 2014, Glasgow, United Kingdom (SIN 2014) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 26-28 November 2013, Aksaray, Turkey (SIN 2013) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 22-27 October 2012, Jaipur, India (SIN 2012) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 14-19 November 2011, Sydney, Australia (SIN 2011) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 7-11 September 2010, Taganrog, Rostov Region Russia (SIN 2010) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 6-10 October 2009, Gazimagusa, TRNC, North Cyprus (SIN 2009) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 8-10 May 2007, Gazimagusa, TRNC North Cyprus (SIN 2007) | . Proceeding | @Trafford Publishing | . 

 International Conference on Security of Information and Networks series  
  
  SINConf 2020  
   
 Conference version: 13 
  Hosted Institute and Venue: Sponsored by Istanbul Technical University, Istanbul, Türkiye, and Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye. Hosted by Istanbul Technical University, Istanbul, Türkiye. Held Online. 
  Received Paper: 46 submissions 
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:  
 Accepted Paper: 20 full papers 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: Proceedings by ACM Press  
 Number of participants: International and National: totally 68 online 
    
 Close    

 International Conference on Security of Information and Networks series  
  
  SINConf 2021  
   
 Conference version: 14 
  Hosted Institute and Venue: Sponsored by Edinburgh Napier University, Edinburgh, UK, and Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye. Hosted by Edinburgh Napier University, Edinburgh, UK. Held Online. 
  Received Paper: 51 submissions 
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:Proceedings by IEEE Xplore.  
 Accepted Paper: 21 full, 8 short 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers  
 Number of participants: International and National: totally 62 online 
    
 Close    

 International Conference on Security of Information and Networks series  
  
  SINConf 2022  
   
 Conference version: 15 
  Hosted Institute and Venue: Sponsored by the University of Sfax, Tunisia, IEEE Tunisia Section, IEEE Tunisia Computer Chapter, IEEE Council on RFID Tunisia Chapter, ATRS Tunisian Association for Scientific Research, and Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye. Venue: IBEROSTAR Diar Andalous Hotel, The city of Sousse, Tunisia, and Online. 
  Received Paper: 62 submissions 
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 Proceedings by IEEE Xplore.  
 Accepted Paper: 22 full, 9 short 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers  
 Number of participants: International and National: totally 32 onsite, 24 online 
    
 Close    

 Dr. Arjun Singh: 9602285688   
 Dr. Mahesh Jangid: 9799969068   
 Email: sinconf2023@gmail.com   
 sinconf@sinconf.org   

 Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved