SISAP 2023   
  Oct 9-11, A Coruña, Spain   
 16th International Conference on  
  Similarity Search and Applications, SISAP 2023  
 The International Conference on Similarity Search and Applications (SISAP) is an annual forum for researchers and application developers in the area of similarity data management. It aims at the technological problems shared by numerous application domains, such as data mining, information retrieval, multimedia retrieval, computer vision, pattern recognition, computational biology, geography, biometrics, machine learning, and many others that need similarity searching as a necessary supporting service. Please see the call for papers (to be announced soon) for more details.  
 SISAP 2023 also features a doctoral symposium  . If you are a PhD student, please consider submitting a paper about your project.  
 The SISAP initiative ( www.sisap.org  ) is a forum to exchange real-world, challenging and innovative examples of applications, new indexing techniques, common test-beds and benchmarks, source code and up-to-date literature through its web page, serving the similarity search community. Traditionally, SISAP puts emphasis on the distance-based searching, but in general the conference concerns both the effectiveness and efficiency aspects of any similarity search problem.  
 The series started in 2008 as a workshop and has developed over the years into an international conference with Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science  (LNCS) proceedings. SISAP is a CORE B conference.  
 A small selection of the best papers presented at the conference will be recommended for inclusion in a special issue of Elsevier Information Systems  . These extended versions will be subject to a second round of peer review at the journal.  
 There will be a Best Paper  and Best Student Paper Award  .  
 SISAP 2023 will take place in A Coruña, Spain  .  
 More details will be pulbished soon in this webpage.   
   
 SISAP 2023   
 Home 
  Call for Research Contributions 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium Papers 
  Call for SISAP Indexing Challenge 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Organization 
  Program Committee 
  Information channels 
  Contributions  
 Submission Guidelines 
  Important Dates 
  Accepted Papers 
  Camera Ready Version 
  Proceedings 
  Awards 
  Attendance  
 Conference Venue 
  Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Conference Program 
  Previous Conferences  
 SISAP 2022 
  SISAP 2021 
  SISAP 2020 
  SISAP 2019 
  SISAP 2018 
  SISAP 2017 
  Earlier SISAPs 
   
 News  
 SISAP is a CORE Rank B  conference.