1   
   
 Homepage 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
  General Information 
  Registration 
  Paper Submission 
  Contacts 

  The 22nd International Conference on Intelligent Software Methodologies, Tools and Techniques  
  Parthenope Congress Center, Naples, Italy  
  September 20-22, 2023   
   
 Full story ...     
 Full story ...     
 Full story ...     
 Full story ...     
 Full story ...     
 Full story ...     
 Full story ...     
 Full story ...     

 Welcome to SoMeT 2023  
 September 20-22, 2023    
 You are invited to participate in SoMeT_23 to help build a forum for exchanging ideas, experiences and applications to foster new directions in software development methodologies and related tools and techniques.  
   
 The conference is focused on, but not limited to the following areas:  
   
  » Modeling and Simulation in Operations Management 
  » Software application in Logistics and Supply Chain Management 
  » Requirement engineering, especially for high-assurance system, and requirement elicitation 
  » Software methodologies and tools for robust, reliable, non-fragile software design 
  » Software development techniques for legacy systems 
  » Automatic software generation versus reuse, and legacy systems, source code analysis and manipulation 
  » Software quality and process assessment for business enterprise models 
  » Intelligent software systems design, and software evolution techniques 
  » Agile Software and Lean Methods 
  » Software optimization and formal methods for software design 
  » Static, dynamic analysis of software performance model, software maintenance, and program understanding and visualization 
  » Software security tools and techniques, and related Software Engineering models 
  » End-user programming environment, User-centered Adoption-Centric Reengineering techniques 
  » Ontology engineering, semantic web 
  » Software design through interaction, and precognitive software techniques for interactive software entertainment applications 
  » Business oriented software application models 
  » Software Engineering models, and formal techniques for software representation, software testing and validation 
  » End-user programming environment, User-centered and Adoption-Centric models Reengineering techniques 
  » Artificial Intelligence Techniques on Software Engineering, and Requirement Engineering 
  » Object-oriented, aspect-oriented, component-based and generic programming, multi-agent technology 
  » Creativity and art in software design principles 
  » Axiomatic based principles on software design 
  » Agile Software and Lean Methods 
  » Model Driven Development (DVD), code centric to model centric software engineering 
  » New aspects on digital libraries, collections and archives, Web publishing, and Knowledge-based engineering 
  » Medical Informatics and bioinformatics, Software methods and application for biomedicine and bioinformatics 
  » Emergency Management Informatics, software methods and application for supporting Civil Protection, First Response and Disaster Recovery 
  » Others software engineering disciplines 
  The conference program also, has several invited talks revised by the program committee members. Those invited technical papers will describe innovative and significant work in the research and practice of software science.  
   
 Information  
 Special Session  
  "Knowledge Science  
  and Intelligent  
  Computing" 
  Somet History 
  Final Program - UPDATED Sept. 18 
  Accomodation 
  About Naples 
  How to 

 Venue   
  Parthenope Congress Center  
  36, Partenope Street  
  80121 - Naples 
  Author's Schedule   
  Full paper submission:  
  April 1, 2023  May 1, 2023 ->  
  -> May, 15, 2023    
  Notification deadline:  
  May 15, 2023  June 1, 2023 ->  
  -> June 15, 2023    
  Final paper submission:  
  June 15, 2023  June 30, 2023 ->  
  -> July 10, 2023 

 Organizers  
  
 University of Naples Federico II, Italy  
  Dept. of Chemical, Material Engineering and Operations Management  
  Industrial Mechanical Systems Engineering | Iwate Prefectural University, Japan 
 Otto von Guericke Universität Magdeburg | Berlin School of Economics Law 
 University of Genoa | i-SOMET 
 University Teknology of Malaysia 

 Italian Association of Industrial Engineering  

 Copyright (c) 2023 International Conference on Intelligent Software Methodologies, Tools and Techniques. All rights reserved.