usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

 USENIX supports diversity, equity, and inclusion and condemns hate and discrimination  .  

   Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
    Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
    Poster Session 
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops and Beyond 
  Call for Workshops Submissions 
    Call for Posters 
  Call for Lightning Talks and Demos 
    Karat Award Call for Nominations 
  Mentoring Program 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
    Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  Nineteenth Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security  
   
 August 6–8, 2023   

 Anaheim, CA, USA   

 Co-located with   
 USENIX Security '23    

  Thanks to those who joined us in Anaheim, CA, USA for the Nineteenth Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security (SOUPS 2023). We hope you enjoyed the event.  
 SOUPS brings together an interdisciplinary group of researchers and practitioners in human-computer interaction, security, and privacy.  
 As part of our commitment to open access to research, the full proceedings and presentation slides are free and open to the public on the technical sessions  page. Videos are posted within a few weeks of the end of the event.  

 SOUPS 2023 Workshops  
 The following events were held on Sunday, August 6, 2023. See the Call for Workshops Submissions  page for an overview of all of these events.  
 DGASP 2023:  Workshop on Deconstructing Gamified Approaches to Security and Privacy   
  10:00 am–1:30 pm, Newport Beach Room/Rancho Las Palmas Room  
 PEP '23:  Privacy Engineering in Practice '23   
  10:00 am–1:30 pm, La Jolla Room/Los Angeles Room  
 WSIW 2023  : 9th Workshop on Security Information Workers   
  2:30 pm–5:25 pm, La Jolla Room/Los Angeles Room  
 WPTM 2023  : 2nd Workshop on Privacy Threat Modeling   
  2:30 pm–6:00 pm, Newport Beach Room/Rancho Las Palmas Room  
 The following workshop was held as a virtual event on Sunday, July 30, 2023.  
 WIPS 2023  : 8th Workshop on Inclusive Privacy and Security   

 Registration Information  
 Early Bird Registration Deadline: Monday, July 17, 2023   
 See the Registration Information page  for details.  
 Authors and Speakers  
 Please contact the Conference Department  for registration information.  
 Discounts  
 In addition to our member discounts  , USENIX offers several discounts  to help you to attend SOUPS 2023.  
 Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  
 Please review USENIX's Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  prior to registering for the event. We appreciate your willingness to help safeguard your fellow event attendees and respect their personal safety choices.  

 USENIX Conference Policies  
 We encourage you to learn more about USENIX's values  and how we put them into practice at our conferences.  
 Accessibility Requests  
 USENIX is committed to ensuring that our meetings are fully accessible to all attendees. Visit our accessibility information page  to find out about options and how to make a request. To ensure that we meet your needs, please make your request by Monday, July 17, 2023  . We cannot guarantee that we can meet requests received after this date, although we will make every reasonable effort to do so.  
 Press Registration and Information  
 If you are an accredited journalist, please contact Melanie Ensign, Discernible Inc., for a complimentary registration code: melanie@usenix.org  .  
 Refunds and Cancellations  
 The cancellation deadline is Monday, July 24, 2023  . Please review the USENIX Registration Substitution and Cancellation Policy  for more information.  

 Venue  
 Anaheim Marriott   
  700 W Convention Way  
  Anaheim, CA 92802  
  USA  
  +1 714.750.8000  
 Hotel Discount Deadline: Monday, July 17, 2023   
 Special Attendee Room Rate  
 USENIX has negotiated a special conference attendee room rate of US$229 plus tax for single/double occupancy, including in-room wireless internet. To receive this rate, book your room online  or call the hotel and mention USENIX or SOUPS 2023.  
 The group rate is available until Monday, July 17, 2023,  or until the block sells out, whichever occurs first. After this date, contact the hotel directly to inquire about room availability.  
 Room and Ride Sharing  
 USENIX utilizes Google Groups  to facilitate room and ride sharing. You can sign up for free to find attendees with whom you can share a hotel room, taxi, shuttle, ride-share service, etc. Please include "SOUPS 2023"  in the subject line when posting a new request.  

 About SOUPS 2023  
 Conference Policies   
  Code of Conduct   
  View Past Symposia   

 Questions?  
 Review our Conference FAQs  , and send direct queries via email:  
 Registration: conference@usenix.org   
  Membership: membership@usenix.org   
  Sponsorship: sponsorship@usenix.org   
  Student Grants: students@usenix.org   
  Proceedings Papers: production@usenix.org   

 Symposium Organizers  

 Patrick Gage Kelley   
 Google   
 General Chair   

 Apu Kapadia   
 Indiana University Bloomington   
 General Chair   

 Technical Papers Co-Chairs   
 Katharina Krombholz, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security    

 Rick Wash, Michigan State University    

 Technical Papers Committee   
 Ruba Abu-Salma, King's College London    

 Taslima Akter, University of California, Irvine    

 Florian Alt, Bundeswehr University Munich    

 Nalin Asanka Gamagedara Arachchilage, The University of Auckland    

 Hala Assal, Carleton University    

 Adam J. Aviv, The George Washington University    

 Rebecca Balebako, Google    

 Alexandru Bardas, University of Kansas    

 Eleanor Birrell, Pomona College    

 Jean Camp, Indiana University    

 Camille Cobb, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign    

 Lynne Coventry, Northumbria University    

 Sauvik Das, Carnegie Mellon University    

 Pardis Emami-Naeini, Duke University    

 Cori Faklaris, University of North Carolina at Charlotte    

 Carrie Gates, Bank of America    

 Maximilian Golla, Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy    

 Julie Haney, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)    

 Rakibul Hasan, Arizona State University    

 Cormac Herley, Microsoft Research    

 Jun Ho Huh, Samsung Research    

 Patrick Gage Kelley, Google    

 Hyoungshick Kim, Sungkyunkwan University    

 Bart Knijnenburg, Clemson University    

 Janne Lindqvist, Aalto University    

 Heather Lipford, University of North Carolina at Charlotte    

 Sana Maqsood, York University    

 Abigail Marsh, Macalester College    

 Peter Mayer, University of Southern Denmark    

 Susan E. McGregor, The Data Science Institute at Columbia University    

 Mainack Mondal, Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur    

 Maryam Mustafa, Lahore Institute of Management Sciences    

 Alena Naiakshina, Ruhr-Universität Bochum    

 James Nicholson, Northumbria University    

 Simon Parkin, Delft University of Technology    

 Emilee Rader, Michigan State University    

 Irwin Reyes, Two Six Labs    

 Franzi Roesner, University of Washington    

 Scott Ruoti, The University of Tennessee    

 Florian Schaub, University of Michigan    

 Kent Seamons, Brigham Young University    

 Matthew Smith, University of Bonn    

 Jessica Staddon, JPMorgan Chase    

 Elizabeth Stobert, Carleton University    

 Jose Such, King's College London and VRAIN-UPV    

 Blase Ur, The University of Chicago    

 Josephine Wolff, The Fletcher School at Tufts University    

 Heng Xu, American University    

 Yaxing Yao, Virginia Tech    

 Daniel Zappala, Brigham Young University    

 Leah Zhang-Kennedy, University of Waterloo    

 Mary Ellen Zurko, MIT Lincoln Laboratory    

 Invited Talks Chair   
 Joe Calandrino, US Federal Trade Commission    

 Lightning Talks and Demos Co-Chairs   
 Taslima Akter, University of California, Irvine    

 Kopo Marvin Ramokapane, University of Bristol    

 Lightning Talks and Demos Junior Co-Chair   
 Nikita Samarin, University of California, Berkeley    

 Karat Award Chair   
 Heather Lipford, University of North Carolina at Charlotte    

 Posters Co-Chairs   
 Hala Assal, Carleton University    

 Joshua Reynolds, New Mexico State University    

 Posters Junior Co-Chair   
 Kentrell Owens, University of Washington    

 Tutorials and Workshops Co-Chairs   
 Daniel Votipka, Tufts University    

 Yaxing Yao, Virginia Tech    

 Tutorials and Workshops Junior Co-Chair   
 Kelsey Fulton, University of Maryland, College Park    

 Mentoring Co-Chairs   
 Sana Maqsood, York University    

 Scott Ruoti, The University of Tennessee    

 Mentoring Junior Co-Chairs   
 Sabid Bin Habib, Indiana University    

 Lea Gröber, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security    

 Publicity Co-Chairs   
 Martin Degeling, Ruhr-Universität Bochum    

 Yixin Zou, Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy    

 Publicity Junior Co-Chair   
 Jane Im, University of Michigan    

 Local Publicity Chair   
 Yaxing Yao, Virginia Tech    

 Email List Chair   
 Lorrie Cranor, Carnegie Mellon University    

 Accessibility Chair   
 Liz Markel, USENIX Association    

 USENIX Liaison   
 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    

 Gold Sponsor  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Conference Sponsorship  
 Become a Sponsor:  Sponsorship exposes your brand to highly qualified attendees, funds our grants program, supports open access to our conference content, and keeps USENIX conferences affordable. USENIX is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that relies on sponsor support to fulfill its mission. To learn more, please contact the Sponsorship Department  with the conference name in your subject line.  
 The acceptance of any organization as a sponsor does not imply explicit or implicit approval by USENIX of the donor organization’s values or actions. In addition, sponsorship does not provide any control over conference program content. Questions? Contact the Sponsorship Department  .  

 Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
  Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops and Beyond 
  Call for Workshops Submissions 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Lightning Talks and Demos 
  Karat Award Call for Nominations 
  Mentoring Program 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  Twitter    Facebook    Youtube     

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024