Call for Papers  
 The 43rd International Symposium on Reliable Distributed Systems (SRDS 2024) is a forum for researchers and practitioners interested in distributed systems design, development and evaluation with an emphasis on reliability, availability, safety, dependability, security, verification and real-time aspects.  
 We welcome the following types of submissions:  
 research papers, describing original research as well as design, development and experimental results of distributed systems; 
  practical experience reports describing ongoing industrial projects, prototype systems and exploratory or emerging applications; 
  tool papers describing architecture, implementation and usage of substantive tools to support research, development and operation of reliable distributed systems. 
   
 Papers will be assessed with criteria appropriate to each category.  
   
 Topics of Interest  
 The major areas of interest include the following topics:  
  
 Dependability, security and privacy of distributed systems including but not limited to, cloud, high-performance, fog, and edge computing; distributed data storage and processing; distributed machine learning and AI; safety-critical distributed systems; Internet of Things, vehicular, robotic, cyber-physical and mobile systems. 
  Techniques and algorithms advancing the state-of-the-art in fault tolerance fault recovery, robustness, self-stabilization, self-healing, scalability and real-time for distributed systems. These include, but are not limited to coordination, replication, failure prediction and detection, micro-services transactions, and blockchains. 
  Methods and tools for the design, implementation, verification, validation and operation of dependable and secure distributed applications, middleware operating systems, virtual machines and hardware. 
  Analytical, simulative and experimental assessment of dependable and secure distributed systems, in particular, when in real-world settings or with real-world data and in large scale and complex environments. 
   
 Papers will be assessed with criteria appropriate to each category.  

  Important Dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE  
  
 1 | Abstract Submission | April 26, 2024  May 3, 2024 
 2 | Full Paper Submission | May 3, 2024  May 10, 2024 
 3 | Notification to Authors | June 24, 2024 
 4 | Camera-Ready and author registration | July 5, 2024 
 5 | Conference dates | Sep. 30 - Oct. 3, 2024 

 Submission  
 Submission site: https://hotcrp.inesctec.pt/srds24   
 Papers must be written in English. Research Papers, Practical Experience Reports and Tool Papers should be no longer than 10 pages, *excluding references* for which there's no page limit, following the IEEE two-column format for conference proceedings. Additional details to substantiate the main claims of the paper such as proofs, data tables or code snippets, can be included in a clearly marked appendix beyond the page limit, and read at the reviewers discretion. Authors are requested to first register their submissions with a title and abstract, and then submit their manuscripts in PDF format at the submission page.  
 All submitted papers will be judged based on their quality and relevance through double-blind reviewing, where the identities of the authors are withheld from the reviewers. As an author, you are required to make a good-faith effort to preserve the anonymity of your submission, while at the same time allowing the reader to fully grasp the context of related past work, including your own. It is recognized that, at times, information regarding the identities of authors may become public outside the submission process (e.g., if a pre-print is published as a technical report or on a pre-print server). The PC will ignore this external information. Minimally, please take the following steps when preparing your submission:  
 Remove the names and affiliations of authors from the title page. 
  Remove acknowledgment of identifying names and funding sources. 
  Use care in referring to related work, particularly your own. Do not omit references to provide anonymity, as this leaves the reviewer unable to grasp the context. Instead, reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work by another author. 
   
 Submissions that do not conform to the above anonymization and formatting guidelines (e.g., are too long, use fonts or line spacing smaller than what is indicated) or are unoriginal, previously published, or are under submission to multiple venues concurrently, will be desk rejected without review.  
 If you have any question regarding paper submission, please do not hesitate to contact the conference PC Chairs: Silvia Bonomi  and Murat Demirbas  .  

  Best Paper Award  
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper. To be eligible for the best student paper award at least one of the paper authors must be a full-time student at the time of submission, and the student(s) must have made a significant contribution to the paper. The latter should be indicated at submission time.  
 All accepted papers SRDS will compete for the " Prof. C. V. Ramamoorthy Best Paper Award  ". The SRDS Best Paper is named after Prof. Chittoor V. Ramamoorthy, who was instrumental in the 80’s for the success of SRDS, many of his former students have also significantly contributed to the conference.