35th International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management  
 July 10–12, 2023 — Los Angeles, California USA  
 Home 
  Program Committee 
  Contribute 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Program 
  Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  Accepted Papers 
  Awards 
  Attend 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Registration 
  Travel & Visa Information 
  Conference Venue 
  Accommodation 
   
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline  : April 30, 2023  
 Notification  : June 2, 2023  
 Camera-Ready Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Author Registration Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Supporters  

 Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist    

 Welcome to SSDBM 2023  
 The SSDBM international conference brings together scientific domain experts, database researchers, practitioners, and developers for the presentation and exchange of current research results on concepts, tools, and techniques for scientific and statistical database applications. The 35th SSDBM will provide a forum for original research contributions and practical system design, implementation and evaluation. The conference program typically consists of a single track to facilitate discussion, and contains presentations of invited talks, panel sessions, and demonstrations of research prototypes and industrial systems.  
 SSDBM 2023 will be hosted by the University of Southern California’s Information Sciences Institute (USC/ISI)  and will continue the tradition of past SSDBM meetings in providing a stimulating environment to encourage discussion, fellowship and exchange of ideas. The conference will be held in-person  in Marina del Rey, California USA (coastal Los Angeles area).  
 Announcements  
 Accepted papers | have been announced. 
  Camera-ready | papers and | author registration | deadlines have been extended. 
  Registration is now open! 
  Notifications to authors will be sent on June 2, 2023. 
  Submission deadline has been extended to April 30, 2023. 
  Call for Papers is announced! Please see this page (calls) for full details. 
  Please submit your paper here (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ssdbm2023). 
  News and Highlights  
 The conference program will consist of 3 | keynotes | , 16 full paper presentations, 8 short paper presentations, 9 posters, and 1 demonstration (see | accepted papers | ). 
  The best papers will be considered for publication in | Distributed and Parallel Databases (DAPD) | . 
  Regular, short, poster and demo papers will be accepted in the research track. All papers will appear in the proceedings to be published by | Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) | International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS) | and will appear in the | ACM Digital Library | and many | indexing providers | . 
  Conference Officers  
 Organization Committee  
 General Chair   
  Carl Kesselman, University of Southern California  
   
 Program Chair   
  Robert Schuler, University of Southern California  
   
 Short Paper Chair   
  Kyle Chard, University of Chicago and Argonne National Lab  
   
 Proceedings Chair   
  Alejandro Bugacov, University of Southern California  
   
 Local Event Coordinators   
  Shawn Sanders and Jessica Madrigal, University of Southern California  
   
 Web Chair   
  Cristina Williams, University of Southern California  
   
 Steering Committee   
  Arie Shoshani, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab (Chair Emeritus)  
  John Wu, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab (Chair)  
  Michael Böehlen, University of Zurich  
  Tanu Malik, DePaul University  
  Xingquan (Hill) Zhu, Florida Atlantic University  
  Yongluan Zhou, University of Copenhagen