Conference announcements   
 Call for Papers -  
  25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems (SSS'2023)  
   
 From: "Panwar, Nisha" <NPANWAR@augusta.edu> To: "seworld@sigsoft.org" <seworld@sigsoft.org> Subject: [SEWORLD] CFP* SSS 2023 Submission Deadline Extension June 23rd Date: Sat, 17 Jun 2023 19:48:00 +0000 The 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems (SSS 2023) will be held at the Institute for Future Technologies (NJIT-BGU Partnership), 101 Hudson Street, Jersey City, New Jersey, USA on October 2-4, 2023. SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the five symposium tracks: Track A. Self-stabilizing Systems: Theory and Practice Self-stabilizing systems Self-stabilizing protocols and algorithms Practically-stabilizing systems Variants of self-stabilization Topological stabilization Autonomic Computing Stabilization and self-* properties in hardware, software, and middleware design Self-stabilizing software-defined infrastructure Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability Distributed, concurrent, and fault-tolerant algorithms Synchronization protocols Shared and transactional memory Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks Formal methods, validation, verification, and synthesis Social networks Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing Randomization in distributed computing High-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing Network security and privacy Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies Applied cryptography Track C. Cryptography and Security Cryptographic designs. implementation analysis, and construction methods Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security Secure software and secure programming methodologies Formal methods, semantics and verification of secure systems Fault tolerance, reliability, availability of distributed secure systems Game-theoretic approaches to secure computing Communication and internet: security, authentication and identification Cybersecurity for hardware components, mobile, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things Cybersecurity of corporations (applications, end points, and cloud) Security and privacy for web applications Security of edge and fog computing Cryptocurrency and Blockchains Track D. Dynamic, Mobile and Nature-Inspired Computing Mobile Agents Mobile agents Autonomous mobile robots Mobile sensor networks Mobile ad-hoc networks Population protocols Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs Nature-inspired computing Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models Track E. Distributed Databases Distributed transactions Blockchain technologies Pervasive, mobile and IoT data management Distributed database architecture Edge computing architectures Distributed query processing and optimization Federated analytics and learning Cloud data management Security and privacy in databases Interoperability across systems Important Dates Paper Submission, First Deadline: April 6, 2023 (11:59 PM AoE) First Acceptance Notification: May 11, 2023 Camera-Ready Copy Due: May 21, 2023 Paper Submission, Second Deadline: June 23, 2023 (11:59 PM AoE) Second Acceptance Notification: July 23, 2023 Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 1, 2023 Submissions There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements. A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed. Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.     To the Ada-Belgium home page.  
 Last update: 2023/0x/xx.  
  
 Dirk Craeynest