top of page    

 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems    

 Log In     

 Welcome | Contact 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Organization 
  Call for Papers 
  Tentative Schedule 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship Opportunities | Sponsors 
  Venue | Accommodations 
  More 

 Use tab to navigate through the menu items.   

 Call for Papers   
 ​     
 The 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems (SSS 2023) will be held at the   Institute for Future Technologies (   NJIT-BGU Partnership     ), 101 Hudson Street, Jersey City, New Jersey, USA   on October 2-4, 2023.    
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the five symposium tracks:   

 Track A. Self-stabilizing Systems: Theory and Practice   
 Self-stabilizing systems 
  Self-stabilizing protocols and algorithms 
  Practically-stabilizing systems 
  Variants of self-stabilization 
  Topological stabilization 
  Autonomic Computing 
  Stabilization and self-* properties in hardware, software, and middleware design 
  Self-stabilizing software-defined infrastructure 
  ​   
 Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability   
 Distributed, concurrent, and fault-tolerant algorithms 
  Synchronization protocols 
  Shared and transactional memory 
  Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks 
  Formal methods, validation, verification, and synthesis 
  Social networks 
  Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing 
  Randomization in distributed computing 
  High-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
  Network security and privacy 
  Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies 
  Applied cryptography 
  ​   
 Track C.  Cryptography and Security       
 Cryptographic designs. implementation analysis, and construction methods 
  Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols 
  Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity 
  Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security 
  Secure software and secure programming methodologies 
  Formal methods, semantics and verification of secure systems 
  Fault tolerance, reliability, availability of distributed secure systems, 
  Game-theoretic approaches to secure computing 
  Communication and internet: security, authentication and identification 
  Cybersecurity for hardware components, mobile, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things 
  Cybersecurity of corporations (applications, end points, and cloud) 
  Security and privacy for web applications 
  Security of edge and fog computing 
  Cryptocurrency and Blockchains 
  ​   
 Track D. Dynamic, Mobile and Nature-Inspired Computing Mobile Agents       
 Mobile agents 
  Autonomous mobile robots 
  Mobile sensor networks 
  Mobile ad-hoc networks 
  P  opulation protocols 
  Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs 
  Nature-inspired computing 
  Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models 
  ​   
 Track E. Distributed Databases       
 Distributed transactions 
  Blockchain technologies 
  Pervasive, mobile and IoT data management 
  Distributed database architecture 
  Edge computing architectures 
  Distributed query processing and optimization 
  Federated analytics and learning 
  Cloud data management 
  Security and privacy in databases 
  Interoperability across systems 

 SSS Tracks     

 New Conference Model    
 This year, we experiment a new conference model. There will be TWO deadlines. The review process for these two deadlines will not overlap to allow papers rejected during the first review phase to be reworked, corrected, and enhanced before being resubmitted on the second review round, if wished by the authors. Papers may be submitted at only one deadline. Of course, accepted papers of the first review round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted to the second round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the first phase will be transmitted to the reviewers of the second phase.   
   
 Double-blind Review    
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double-blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identity of the authors. Please feel free to ask the PC chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2022.   
   
 Important Dates    
 Paper Submission, First Deadline: April 6, 2023 (11:59 PM AoE)    
 Paper Submission, Deadline Extension  : April 11, 2023 (11:59 PM AoE)    
 First Acceptance Notification: May 11, 2023    
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: May 21, 2023    
 -Paper Submission, Second Deadline: June 18, 2023 (11:59 PM AoE)-    
 Paper Submission,   Deadline Extension    : June 30, 2023 (11:59 PM AoE)    
 Second Acceptance Notification: July 23, 2023    
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 1, 2023    

 Paper Submission    
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EasyChair        
 All submission must conform to the formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series (see the guidelines here    ).   
 Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format.   
 All corresponding authors must fill out and submit the License to Publish Form found here   .    
 Authors are encouraged to include their ORCIDs  in the proceedings.   
 Additionally, please note that Springer LNCS offers the inclusion of embedded videos in proceedings papers.   
   
 Submissions    
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements.   
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). 
  A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. 
   
 Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed.   
 Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.   

 Publication    
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series. Previous publications can be viewed here    .   
 ​   
  
 Special Issue    
 Extended and revised versions of selected papers will be considered for a special issue of the international journal Theoretical Computer Science (TCS)   .   
 ​     
 ​     
 ​     
 ​   
 Paper Award    
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student paper award (e.g., using a \thanks in the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards.   

 ©2022 by 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems.    

 bottom of page