top of page    

 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems    

 Log In     

 Welcome | Contact 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Organization 
  Call for Papers 
  Tentative Schedule 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship Opportunities | Sponsors 
  Venue | Accommodations 
  More 

 Use tab to navigate through the menu items.   

 pic sss site   

 SSS website   

 NJIT   

 pic sss site   

 1/6   

 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems     

 All About Us    
   
 The 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems (SSS 2023)  will be held at the Institute for Future Technologies ( NJIT-BGU Partnership   ), 101 Hudson Street, Jersey City, New Jersey, USA and held on October 2-4, 2023.    
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the five symposium tracks:   
 ​   
 General Chair   
 Shlomi Dolev   , Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel 
  Baruch Schieber   , New Jersey Institute of Technology, USA 
  ​   
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing Systems: Theory and Practice   
 Lelia Blin   , Co-Chair, Sorbonne Université - LIP6, France 
  Yuichi Sudo   , Co-Chair, Hosei University, Japan 
  ​   
 Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability   
 Michel Raynal,   Co-Chair, IRISA, France 
  Achour Mostefaoui,   Co-Chair, Nantes Université, France 
  ​   
 Track C. Cryptography and Security   
 Pandu Rangan Chandrasekaran    , Co-Chair, Indian Institute of Technology, India 
  Reza Curtmola    , Co-Chair, NJIT, USA 
  Moti Yung    , Co-Chair, Colombia University and Google, USA 
   
  Track D. Dynamic, Mobile  and Nature-Inspired Computing Mobile Agents       
 Paola Flocchini   , Co-Chair, University of Ottawa, Canada 
  Nicola Santoro   , Co-Chair, Carleton University, Canada 
   
  Track E. Distributed Databases       
 Sharad Mehrotra   , Co-Chair, University of California at Irvine, USA 
  Shantanu Sharma   , Co-Chair, New Jersey Institute of Technology, USA 
  ​   
 Paper Submissions through Easychair      

 Get in Touch     
   
 Ben Gurion University     
 Computer Science Department     
 Alon Building #37, Room 508     
   
 08-6428100     
   
 nhsa@post.bgu.ac.il      

 Contact Us     
   
 First Name     
   
 Last Name     
   
 Email     
   
 Message     
 Send     
 Thanks for submitting!     

 ©2022 by 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems.    

 bottom of page