STACS |  
 Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science 

 About STACS    
 STACS 2025    
 Steering committee    
 Past conferences    
 Contact    
   
 Next conference  
 STACS 2025  will take place from March 5 to March 8, 2025 in Jena, Germany, chaired by Kim Thang Nguyen  (Université Grenoble-Alpes, France) and Michal Pilipczuk  (University of Warsaw, Poland) for track A, Olaf Beyersdorff  (Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Germany) and Elaine Pimentel  (University College London, UK) for track B.  
 Aim and scope  
 The STACS conference Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science  takes place each year since 1984, alternately in Germany and France.  
 Starting from 2023, STACS will consist of two tracks, A and B, to facilitate the work of the program committee(s). Typical topics of the conference include:  
 Track A:  
 algorithms and data structures including: design of parallel, distributed, approximation, parameterized and randomized algorithms; analysis of algorithms and combinatorics of data structures; computational geometry, cryptography, algorithms for machine learning, algorithmic game theory, quantum algorithms 
  complexity including: computational and structural complexity theory, parameterized complexity, randomness in computation 
   
 Track B:  
 automata and formal languages including: automata theory, games, algebraic and categorical methods, coding theory, models of computation, computability 
  logic in computer science including: finite model theory, database theory, semantics, type systems, program analysis, specification & verification, rewriting and deduction, learning theory, logical aspects of complexity 
   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of STACS from 1984 to 2007 have been published in Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Springer  . Since 2008, the proceedings are published electronically by the Leibniz Center for Informatics in the open access series Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)  . You can access the proceedings from this  page. The referee process of STACS has a rebuttal phase since 2016, and become double blind since 2020.  
 STACS code of conduct  
 STACS has joined http://safetoc.org  since 2024. Registering for STACS will thus require that you agree to follow the Code of Conduct described below.  
 STACS is committed to be a respectful forum for its participants, free from any violence, discrimination or harassment of any nature. All STACS attendees are expected to behave accordingly.  
 If you experience or witness violence, discrimination, harassment or other unethical behaviour at the conference, we encourage you to seek advice and remedy through one or more of the following options:  
 Consult with the SafeToC counsellors of STACS (to be named before the conference). 
  Report to the conference chair, the PC chairs or the Steering Committee chair. The chairs are entitled to remove registered participants from the conference (without refunding the conference fees) if they are deemed to pose an ethical risk to other participants. The conference chair may contact the university committee ALEX dedicated to violence, unethical behaviour or harassment of any kind. Besides having an appointment with the victim, people in this committee can help for a medical support or for engaging any legal pursuit. 

  For any questions or remarks on this page, please contact the chairs of the steering committee  .