Skip to main navigation 
  Skip to search 
  Skip to main content 
   
 the University of Groningen research portal Home    Help & FAQ 
  English 
  Nederlands 

 Home 
  Profiles 
  Research units 
  Research output 
  Activities 
  Datasets 
  Press/Media 
  Projects 
  Prizes 
   
 Search by expertise, name or affiliation     

 EPTCS 379: Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge   
   
 Rineke Verbrugge   (Editor)  
   
 Artificial Intelligence 
    
 Research output :   Book/Report ›   Book  ›  Academic  ›  peer-review   

 63  Downloads (Pure)    

 Overview 
  Fingerprint 

 Abstract  
 The TARK conference (Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge) is a conference that aims to bring together researchers from a wide variety of fields, including computer science, artificial intelligence, game theory, decision theory, philosophy, logic, linguistics, and cognitive science. Its goal is to further our understanding of interdisciplinary issues involving reasoning about rationality and knowledge. Previous conferences have been held biennially around the world since 1986, on the initiative of Joe Halpern (Cornell University). Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, semantic models for knowledge, belief, awareness and uncertainty, bounded rationality and resource-bounded reasoning, commonsense epistemic reasoning, epistemic logic, epistemic game theory, knowledge and action, applications of reasoning about knowledge and other mental states, belief revision, computational social choice, algorithmic game theory, and foundations of multi-agent systems. Information about TARK, including conference proceedings, is available at http://www.tark.org/ These proceedings contain the papers that have been accepted for presentation at the Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge (TARK 2023), held between June 28 and June 30, 2023, at the University of Oxford, United Kingdom. The conference website can be found at https://sites.google.com/view/tark-2023   

 Original language | English 
 Publisher | Open Publishing Association 
 Number of pages | 552 
 DOIs | https://doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.379 
 Publication status | Published -  11-Jul-2023 

 Publication series  
  
 Name | Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science 
 Publisher | Open Publishing Association 
 Volume | 379 
 ISSN (Print) | 2075-2180 

 Keywords  
 cs.LO 
  cs.AI 
  cs.GT 
  cs.MA 

 Access to Document  
 10.4204/EPTCS.379   Licence: CC BY 
  https://cgi.cse.unsw.edu.au/~eptcs/content.cgi?TARK2023   Licence: CC BY 
    
 Handle.net  
 Persistent link 

  Fingerprint   
 Dive into the research topics of 'EPTCS 379: Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge'. Together they form a unique fingerprint.    
 Theoretical Aspects  Keyphrases  100% 
  Computer Science  Computer Science  100% 
  Artificial Intelligence  Computer Science  100% 
  Multi Agent Systems  Computer Science  100% 
  Belief Revision  Computer Science  100% 
  Knowledge Belief  Computer Science  100% 
  Knowledge Theory  Computer Science  100% 
  Commonsense Reasoning  Computer Science  100% 
  View full fingerprint      

 Cite this  
 APA 
  Author 
  BIBTEX 
  Harvard 
  Standard 
  RIS 
  Vancouver 
  Verbrugge, R. (Ed.)   (2023). EPTCS 379: Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge    . (Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science; Vol. 379). Open Publishing Association. https://doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.379     
   
 Verbrugge, Rineke (Editor)   . / EPTCS 379 : Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge    . Open Publishing Association, 2023. 552 p. (Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science).   
   
 @book{1678ad09f36a4a70809a7c39db243507,   
 title = "EPTCS 379: Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge",   
 abstract = "The TARK conference (Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge) is a conference that aims to bring together researchers from a wide variety of fields, including computer science, artificial intelligence, game theory, decision theory, philosophy, logic, linguistics, and cognitive science. Its goal is to further our understanding of interdisciplinary issues involving reasoning about rationality and knowledge. Previous conferences have been held biennially around the world since 1986, on the initiative of Joe Halpern (Cornell University). Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, semantic models for knowledge, belief, awareness and uncertainty, bounded rationality and resource-bounded reasoning, commonsense epistemic reasoning, epistemic logic, epistemic game theory, knowledge and action, applications of reasoning about knowledge and other mental states, belief revision, computational social choice, algorithmic game theory, and foundations of multi-agent systems. Information about TARK, including conference proceedings, is available at http://www.tark.org/ These proceedings contain the papers that have been accepted for presentation at the Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge (TARK 2023), held between June 28 and June 30, 2023, at the University of Oxford, United Kingdom. The conference website can be found at https://sites.google.com/view/tark-2023",   
 keywords = "cs.LO, cs.AI, cs.GT, cs.MA",   
 editor = "Rineke Verbrugge",   
 year = "2023",   
 month = jul,   
 day = "11",   
 doi = "10.4204/EPTCS.379",   
 language = "English",   
 series = "Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science",   
 publisher = "Open Publishing Association",   
 }  

 Verbrugge, R (ed.)   2023, EPTCS 379: Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge    . Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science, vol. 379, Open Publishing Association. https://doi.org/10.4204/EPTCS.379     
   
 EPTCS 379: Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge.    / Verbrugge, Rineke (Editor)   .  
  Open Publishing Association, 2023. 552 p. (Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science; Vol. 379). Research output :   Book/Report ›   Book  ›  Academic  ›  peer-review   

 TY - BOOK  
 T1 - EPTCS 379  
 T2 - Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge  
 A2 - Verbrugge, Rineke  
 PY - 2023/7/11  
 Y1 - 2023/7/11  
 N2 - The TARK conference (Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge) is a conference that aims to bring together researchers from a wide variety of fields, including computer science, artificial intelligence, game theory, decision theory, philosophy, logic, linguistics, and cognitive science. Its goal is to further our understanding of interdisciplinary issues involving reasoning about rationality and knowledge. Previous conferences have been held biennially around the world since 1986, on the initiative of Joe Halpern (Cornell University). Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, semantic models for knowledge, belief, awareness and uncertainty, bounded rationality and resource-bounded reasoning, commonsense epistemic reasoning, epistemic logic, epistemic game theory, knowledge and action, applications of reasoning about knowledge and other mental states, belief revision, computational social choice, algorithmic game theory, and foundations of multi-agent systems. Information about TARK, including conference proceedings, is available at http://www.tark.org/ These proceedings contain the papers that have been accepted for presentation at the Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge (TARK 2023), held between June 28 and June 30, 2023, at the University of Oxford, United Kingdom. The conference website can be found at https://sites.google.com/view/tark-2023  
 AB - The TARK conference (Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge) is a conference that aims to bring together researchers from a wide variety of fields, including computer science, artificial intelligence, game theory, decision theory, philosophy, logic, linguistics, and cognitive science. Its goal is to further our understanding of interdisciplinary issues involving reasoning about rationality and knowledge. Previous conferences have been held biennially around the world since 1986, on the initiative of Joe Halpern (Cornell University). Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, semantic models for knowledge, belief, awareness and uncertainty, bounded rationality and resource-bounded reasoning, commonsense epistemic reasoning, epistemic logic, epistemic game theory, knowledge and action, applications of reasoning about knowledge and other mental states, belief revision, computational social choice, algorithmic game theory, and foundations of multi-agent systems. Information about TARK, including conference proceedings, is available at http://www.tark.org/ These proceedings contain the papers that have been accepted for presentation at the Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge (TARK 2023), held between June 28 and June 30, 2023, at the University of Oxford, United Kingdom. The conference website can be found at https://sites.google.com/view/tark-2023  
 KW - cs.LO  
 KW - cs.AI  
 KW - cs.GT  
 KW - cs.MA  
 U2 - 10.4204/EPTCS.379  
 DO - 10.4204/EPTCS.379  
 M3 - Book  
 T3 - Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science  
 BT - EPTCS 379  
 PB - Open Publishing Association  
 ER -  

 Verbrugge R, (ed.)   . EPTCS 379: Proceedings Nineteenth Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality and Knowledge     . Open Publishing Association, 2023. 552 p. (Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science). doi: 10.4204/EPTCS.379   

 Powered by Pure  , Scopus  & Elsevier Fingerprint Engine™   
 All content on this site: Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V.  or its licensors and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the Creative Commons licensing terms apply  
 We use cookies to help provide and enhance our service and tailor content. By continuing you agree to the use of cookies   
   
 Log in to Pure   

 the University of Groningen research portal data protection policy   
 About web accessibility   

 Report vulnerability   
   
 Contact us