Skip to content    

 Search for:      

 Home 
  News 
  Authors | IMWUT Papers 
  ISWC Notes and Briefs 
  Workshop Proposals 
  Workshops and Symposia 
  ISWC Design Exhibition 
  Posters & Demos 
  Doctoral Colloquium 
  Student Challenge 
  Video Teasers 
  Templates & Formatting 
  Attending | Registration 
  Conference Details 
  Venue 
  Hotels and Accommodation 
  Local Resources 
  Mayan People, Culture, and Traditions 
  Families and Children 
  Sensory Rooms 
  Broadening Participation 
  Travel Grants 
  Visa Information 
  N2Women Fellowship 
  ASSET Symposium 
  GenAI4PC Symposium 
  Program | Main Conference 
  Pre-Conference 
  Main Paper Sessions 
  Keynotes 
  Plenary Panel 
  Workshops and Symposia 
  Tutorials 
  Posters and Demos 
  ISWC Design Exhibition 
  Gadget Show 
  Doctoral Colloquium 
  Medium Blog 
  Video Teasers 
  Sponsors 
  Accessibility | Accessibility Statement 
  Accessibility Guidelines 
  Accessibility FAQ 
  Sensory Rooms 
  COVID-19 
  Awards | Gaetano Borriello Student Award 
  Organizing | Organizing Committee 
  JEDI Ambassadors 
  Student Volunteers 

 Search for:      

 Home  akeaadmin    2023-09-18T05:45:08+00:00  WELCOME  TO   
  UbiComp / ISWC 2023   

 8-12 October  
  2023   
 Cancún, Mexico   

 UbiComp / ISWC returns to face-to-face conference!  
  The conference will be held from 8-12th October, 2023 in Cancún, Mexico.  
  Registrations Live! Early Deadline: August 8, 2023.  

 Recent Posts  
   
 Announcing official local bar and complimentary drink! 
  Local Resources and Information 
  Sensory Rooms to Support All Attendees 
  Families and Children Initiatives 
  Closing Keynote (October 12) – Yeshimabeit “Yeshi” Milner 
  Conference Rates still available at the Presidente and Aloft Hotels 
  Family Room and Sensory Rooms at UbiComp/ISWC 2023 

 UbiComp / ISWC is a premier interdisciplinary venue in which leading international researchers, designers, developers, and practitioners in the field present and discuss novel results in all aspects of ubiquitous, pervasive and wearable computing. This includes the design, development, and deployment of ubiquitous, pervasive and wearable computing technologies and the understanding of human experiences and social impacts that these technologies facilitate.  
 The conference will be held on 8-12th October, 2023  in Cancún, Mexico  . More information regarding the program, attendance and paper calls will be available soon.  
 Papers published by the Proceedings of the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT) are invited to present at the main technical tracks of the conference. UbiComp / ISWC also features a separate track for ISWC Briefs and Notes, as well as Workshops, Tutorials, Posters & Demos, Student Challenges, a Doctoral Symposium, and an array of Keynotes.  
 Registration is now open!  Join us for UbiComp/ISWC 2023 in-person!   
  We are excited to see the community back together in the beautiful Cancun, Mexico.   

 Sponsors  

 We would like to thank our awesome sponsors for supporting the 2023 Ubicomp/ISWC community. Your help shapes the conference and will benefit students, researchers, and practitioners to advance our knowledge.   
   
 Supporters  

  IMPORTANT DATES  

 Conference Start:   
  October 10, 2023  

 Pre-Conference  (  Workshops, Tutorials, Symposia, DC):  
  October 8-9, 2023  

 Ubicomp-ISWC  

 ISWC-specific  

 UbiComp / ISWC   

 Past Conferences   
 The ACM international joint conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing ( UbiComp  ) is the result of a merger of the two most renowned conferences in the field: Pervasive and UbiComp. While it retains the name of the latter in recognition of the visionary work of Mark Weiser, its long name reflects the dual history of the new event.   
 The ACM International Symposium on Wearable Computing ( ISWC  ) discusses novel results in all aspects of wearable computing, and has been colocated with UbiComp and Pervasive since 2013.   
 A complete list of UbiComp, Pervasive, and ISWC past conferences is provided below.   

 View all     

 Page load link