usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

   Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
    Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
    Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
    Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Conference Organizers 
  Past Conferences 
    Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

 USENIX ATC '23 Call for Papers  

 Sponsored by USENIX  , the Advanced Computing Systems Association.   
 The 2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  will be co-located with the 17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '23)  and take place on July 10–12, 2023, at the Sheraton Boston in Boston, MA, USA.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract registrations due: | Thursday, January 5, 2023, 11:59 pm UTC 
  Submissions due: | Thursday, January 12, 2023, 11:59 pm UTC 
  Beginning of authors' response period: | Tuesday, April 11, 2023 
  Authors' response due: | Thursday, April 13, 2023, 11:59 pm UTC 
  Notification to authors: | Friday, April 28, 2023 
  Final paper files due: | Thursday, June 8, 2023 
  Download Call for Papers PDF    
 Conference Organizers  

 Program Co-Chairs   
 Julia Lawall, Inria    

 Dan Williams, Virginia Tech    

 Program Committee   
 Reto Achermann, University of British Columbia    

 Godmar Back, Virginia Tech    

 Saurabh Bagchi, Purdue University    

 Jia-Ju Bai, Tsinghua University    

 Yungang Bao, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences    

 Yaniv Ben-Itzhak, VMware Research    

 Annette Bieniusa, Technische Universität Kaiserslautern    

 Roberto Bifulco, NEC Laboratories Europe    

 Laurent Bindschaedler, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)    

 Eleanor Birrell, Pomona College    

 William Bolosky, Microsoft    

 Philippe Bonnet, IT University of Copenhagen    

 Sara Bouchenak, INSA Lyon    

 Nathan Bronson, Rockset    

 Maria Carpen-Amarie, Huawei Zurich Research Center    

 Somali Chaterji, Purdue University    

 Lydia Chen, Delft University of Technology    

 Yu Chen, Tsinghua University    

 Young-ri Choi, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology)    

 David Cock, ETH Zurich    

 Dave Dice, Oracle    

 Thaleia Dimitra Doudali, IMDEA Software Institute    

 Abhinav Duggal, Dell EMC    

 Eric Eide, University of Utah    

 Dan Feng, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Xinwei (Mason) Fu, Amazon Web Services    

 Wei Gao, University of Pittsburgh    

 Jana Giceva, Technische Universität Munich    

 Kartik Gopalan, Binghamton University    

 Redha Gouicem, Technische Universität Munich    

 Xiaohui (Helen) Gu, North Carolina State University    

 Nastaran Hajinazar, Intel Labs    

 Kyle Hale, Illinois Institute of Technology    

 Niranjan Hasabnis, Intel Labs    

 Chris Hawblitzel, Microsoft Research    

 Michio Honda, University of Edinburgh    

 Liting Hu, Virginia Tech    

 Yu Hua, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Călin Iorgulescu, Oracle Labs    

 Zsolt István, Technische Universität Darmstadt    

 Anand Iyer, Microsoft Research    

 Hani Jamjoom, IBM T. J. Watson Research    

 Yu Jiang, Tsinghua University    

 Myoungsoo Jung, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Asim Kadav, Tonal    

 Vasiliki Kalavri, Boston University    

 Anuj Kalia, Microsoft    

 Sudarsun Kannan, Rutgers University    

 Sanidhya Kashyap, EPFL    

 Wook-Hee Kim, Konkuk University    

 Ricardo Koller, Google    

 Kenji Kono, Keio University    

 Youngjin Kwon, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Sándor Laki, Eötvös Loránd University    

 Michael Le, IBM T. J. Watson Research    

 Eunji Lee, Soongsil University    

 Baptiste Lepers, Université de Neuchâtel    

 Alberto Lerner, University of Fribourg    

 Yu Liang, City University of Hong Kong    

 Jean-Pierre Lozi, Inria    

 Youyou Lu, Tsinghua University    

 Xiaosong Ma, Qatar Computing Research Institute, Hamad Bin Khalifa University    

 Sarah Meiklejohn, University College London and Google    

 Mike Mesnier, Intel Labs    

 Subrata Mitra, Adobe Research    

 Apoorve Mohan, IBM T. J. Watson Research Center    

 Amy L. Murphy, Bruno Kessler Foundation    

 Ruslan Nikolaev, The Pennsylvania State University    

 Pierre Olivier, The University of Manchester    

 Amy Ousterhout, University of California, San Diego    

 Yuvraj Patel, University of Edinburgh    

 Fernando Pedone, University of Lugano    

 Kevin Pedretti, Sandia National Laboratories    

 Jan Rellermeyer, Leibniz University Hannover    

 Larry Rudolph, Two Sigma Investments, LP    

 Leonid Ryzhyk, VMware Research    

 Russell Sears, Crystal DB    

 Mohammad Shahrad, University of British Columbia    

 Yizhou Shan, Huawei Cloud    

 Liuba Shrira, Brandeis University    

 Georgios Smaragdakis, Delft University of Technology    

 Nik Sultana, Illinois Institute of Technology    

 Cheng Tan, Northeastern University    

 Vasily Tarasov, IBM Research - Almaden    

 Alain Tchana, ENSIMAG    

 Daniel R. Thomas, University of Strathclyde    

 Gaël Thomas, Télécom SudParis - Institut Polytechnique de Paris    

 Animesh Trivedi, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam    

 Theodore Ts'o, Google    

 Chia-Che Tsai, Texas A&M University    

 Shay Vargaftik, VMware    

 Lluís Vilanova, Imperial College London    

 Chen Wang, IBM T. J. Watson Research Center    

 Jason Waterman, Vassar College    

 Emmett Witchel, The University of Texas at Austin and Katana Graph    

 Youjip Won, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Suzhen Wu, Xiamen University    

 Suli Yang, NetApp    

 Eiko Yoneki, University of Cambridge    

 Feng Zhang, Tsinghua University    

 Jie Zhang, Peking University    

 Yongle Zhang, Purdue University    

 Yuan Zhang, Fudan University    

 Zheng Zhang, Rutgers University    

 Yibo Zhu, ByteDance Inc.    

 Steering Committee   
 Irina Calciu, VMware Research    

 Ada Gavrilovska, Georgia Institute of Technology    

 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    

 Arvind Krishnamurthy, University of Washington    

 Geoff Kuenning, Harvey Mudd College    

 Brian Noble, University of Michigan    

 Jiri Schindler, Tranquil Data    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University    

 Erez Zadok, Stony Brook University    

 Noa Zilberman, University of Oxford    

 Overview  
 The 2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference seeks original, high-quality submissions that improve and further the knowledge of computing systems, with an emphasis on implementations and experimental results. We are interested in systems of all scales, from small embedded mobile devices to data centers and clouds. The scope of USENIX ATC covers all practical aspects related to computer systems, including but not limited to: operating systems; runtime systems; parallel and distributed systems; storage; networking; security and privacy; virtualization; software-hardware interactions; performance evaluation and workload characterization; reliability, availability, and scalability; energy and power management; and bug-finding, tracing, analyzing, and troubleshooting.  
 We value submissions more highly if they are accompanied by clearly defined artifacts not previously available, including traces, original data, source code, or tools developed as part of the submitted work. We particularly encourage new ideas and approaches.  
 Submissions must contain original unpublished material that is not under review at any other forum, including journals, conferences, and workshops with proceedings. They will be judged on relevance, novelty, technical merit, correctness, and clarity. An idea or a design that the PC deems flawed can be grounds for rejection.  
 USENIX ATC '23 will employ double-blind reviewing. Papers that are not properly anonymized may be rejected without review.  
 Papers need to be registered and their abstracts submitted by the abstract registration deadline. Papers with an empty abstract at the time of the abstract registration deadline will be rejected.  
 Submission Type: Full vs. Short  
 USENIX ATC accepts both full and short submissions. Full submissions must not exceed 11 pages, and short submissions must not exceed 5 pages. In both cases, the page limit excludes references and includes all text, figures, tables, footnotes, etc. Both types are reviewed to the same standards and differ primarily in scope. A short paper presents a complete idea that is properly evaluated, just like in a full-length submission. For further details, see the submission instructions  .  
 Deployed Systems Track  
 USENIX ATC '23 solicits papers that describe the design, implementation, analysis, and experience with real-world deployment of systems and networks. Papers for the deployed systems track (occasionally referred to as the operational systems track in other USENIX conferences) need not present new ideas or results to be accepted but should convey practical insights. Note that the rules regarding submission and anonymization are different for deployed systems track papers (see the submission instructions  for more details). The final program will explicitly identify papers accepted to the deployed systems track to distinguish them from papers accepted to the regular track.  
 Early Rejection Notifications  
 USENIX ATC '23 will conduct its reviews in multiple rounds. As some papers may be rejected in an early round, USENIX ATC '23 will send early rejection notifications to such authors, at least a month ahead of the date that all remaining notifications are sent (acceptances and additional rejections).  
 Authors' Response Period  
 USENIX ATC '23 will provide an opportunity for authors of papers that are not early rejected to respond to the reviews prior to the final consideration of the submissions at the program committee meeting according to the schedule detailed above.  
 Confidentiality  
 All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication on the USENIX ATC '23 website. Rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.  
 Questions?  
 Please direct any questions to the program co-chairs at atc23chairs@usenix.org  or to the USENIX office at submissionspolicy@usenix.org  .  
 Go to Submission Instructions   
 SUBMIT YOUR WORK    

 Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
  Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Conference Organizers 
  Past Conferences 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  Twitter    Facebook    Youtube     

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024