usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

 USENIX supports diversity, equity, and inclusion and condemns hate and discrimination  .  

   Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
    Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
    Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
    Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Conference Organizers 
  Past Conferences 
    Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  
   
 July 10–12, 2023   

 Boston, MA, USA   

 Co-located with   
 OSDI '23    

  Thanks to those who joined us for the 2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC '23). We hope you enjoyed the event.  
 USENIX ATC brings together leading systems researchers for the presentation of cutting-edge systems research and the opportunity to gain insight into a wealth of must-know topics, including virtualization, system and network management and troubleshooting, cloud and edge computing, security, privacy, and trust, mobile and wireless, and more.  
 As part of our commitment to open access to research, the full proceedings and presentation slides are free and open to the public on the technical sessions page  . Videos are posted within a few weeks of the end of the event.  

 Registration Information  
 Early Bird Registration Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 See the Registration Information page  for details.  
 Authors and Speakers  
 Please contact the Conference Department  for registration information.  
 Discounts  
 In addition to our member discounts  , USENIX offers several discounts  to help you to attend USENIX ATC '23.  
 Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  
 Please review USENIX's Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  prior to registering for the event. We appreciate your willingness to help safeguard your fellow event attendees and respect their personal safety choices.  

 USENIX Conference Policies  
 We encourage you to learn more about USENIX's values  and how we put them into practice at our conferences.  
 Accessibility Requests  
 USENIX is committed to ensuring that our meetings are fully accessible to all attendees. Visit our accessibility information page  to find out about options and how to make a request. To ensure that we meet your needs, please make your request by Monday, June 19, 2023  . We cannot guarantee that we can meet requests received after this date, although we will make every reasonable effort to do so.  
 Press Registration and Information  
 If you are an accredited journalist, please contact Melanie Ensign, Discernible Inc., for a complimentary registration code: melanie@usenix.org  .  
 Refunds and Cancellations  
 The cancellation deadline is Monday, June 26, 2023  . Please review the USENIX Registration Substitution and Cancellation Policy  for more information.  

 Venue  
 Sheraton Boston Hotel   
  39 Dalton Street  
  Boston, MA 02199  
  +1 617.236.2000  
 Hotel Discount Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 Special Attendee Room Rate  
 USENIX has negotiated a special conference attendee room rate of US$269 plus tax for single/double occupancy, including in-room wireless internet. To receive this rate, book your room online  or call the hotel and mention USENIX or ATC '23.  
 The group rate is available until Friday, June 23, 2023,  or until the block sells out, whichever occurs first. After this date, contact the hotel directly to inquire about room availability.  
 Room Sharing  
 USENIX utilizes Google Groups  to facilitate room sharing. You can sign up for free to find attendees with whom you can share a hotel room, taxi, etc. Please include "USENIX ATC '23"  in the subject line when posting a new room share request.  

 About USENIX ATC '23  
 Conference Policies   
  Code of Conduct   
  View Past Conferences   

 Questions?  
 Review our Conference FAQs  , and send direct queries via email:  
 Registration: conference@usenix.org   
  Membership: membership@usenix.org   
  Sponsorship: sponsorship@usenix.org   
  Student Grants: students@usenix.org   
  Proceedings Papers: production@usenix.org   

 Conference Organizers  

 Julia Lawall   
 Inria   
 Program Co-Chair   

 Dan Williams   
 Virginia Tech   
 Program Co-Chair   

 Program Committee   
 Reto Achermann, University of British Columbia    

 Godmar Back, Virginia Tech    

 Saurabh Bagchi, Purdue University    

 Jia-Ju Bai, Tsinghua University    

 Yungang Bao, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences    

 Yaniv Ben-Itzhak, VMware Research    

 Annette Bieniusa, Technische Universität Kaiserslautern    

 Roberto Bifulco, NEC Laboratories Europe    

 Laurent Bindschaedler, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)    

 Eleanor Birrell, Pomona College    

 William Bolosky, Microsoft    

 Philippe Bonnet, IT University of Copenhagen    

 Sara Bouchenak, INSA Lyon    

 Nathan Bronson, Rockset    

 Maria Carpen-Amarie, Huawei Zurich Research Center    

 Somali Chaterji, Purdue University    

 Lydia Chen, Delft University of Technology    

 Yu Chen, Tsinghua University    

 Young-ri Choi, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology)    

 David Cock, ETH Zurich    

 Dave Dice, Oracle    

 Thaleia Dimitra Doudali, IMDEA Software Institute    

 Abhinav Duggal, Dell EMC    

 Eric Eide, University of Utah    

 Dan Feng, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Xinwei (Mason) Fu, Amazon Web Services    

 Wei Gao, University of Pittsburgh    

 Jana Giceva, Technische Universität Munich    

 Kartik Gopalan, Binghamton University    

 Redha Gouicem, Technische Universität Munich    

 Xiaohui (Helen) Gu, North Carolina State University    

 Nastaran Hajinazar, Intel Labs    

 Kyle Hale, Illinois Institute of Technology    

 Niranjan Hasabnis, Intel Labs    

 Chris Hawblitzel, Microsoft Research    

 Michio Honda, University of Edinburgh    

 Liting Hu, Virginia Tech    

 Yu Hua, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Călin Iorgulescu, Oracle Labs    

 Zsolt István, Technische Universität Darmstadt    

 Anand Iyer, Microsoft Research    

 Hani Jamjoom, IBM T. J. Watson Research    

 Yu Jiang, Tsinghua University    

 Myoungsoo Jung, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Asim Kadav, Tonal    

 Vasiliki Kalavri, Boston University    

 Anuj Kalia, Microsoft    

 Sudarsun Kannan, Rutgers University    

 Sanidhya Kashyap, EPFL    

 Wook-Hee Kim, Konkuk University    

 Ricardo Koller, Google    

 Kenji Kono, Keio University    

 Youngjin Kwon, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Sándor Laki, Eötvös Loránd University    

 Michael Le, IBM T. J. Watson Research    

 Eunji Lee, Soongsil University    

 Baptiste Lepers, Université de Neuchâtel    

 Alberto Lerner, University of Fribourg    

 Yu Liang, City University of Hong Kong    

 Jean-Pierre Lozi, Inria    

 Youyou Lu, Tsinghua University    

 Xiaosong Ma, Qatar Computing Research Institute, Hamad Bin Khalifa University    

 Sarah Meiklejohn, University College London and Google    

 Mike Mesnier, Intel Labs    

 Subrata Mitra, Adobe Research    

 Apoorve Mohan, IBM T. J. Watson Research Center    

 Amy L. Murphy, Bruno Kessler Foundation    

 Ruslan Nikolaev, The Pennsylvania State University    

 Pierre Olivier, The University of Manchester    

 Amy Ousterhout, University of California, San Diego    

 Yuvraj Patel, University of Edinburgh    

 Fernando Pedone, University of Lugano    

 Kevin Pedretti, Sandia National Laboratories    

 Jan Rellermeyer, Leibniz University Hannover    

 Larry Rudolph, Two Sigma Investments, LP    

 Leonid Ryzhyk, VMware Research    

 Russell Sears, Crystal DB    

 Mohammad Shahrad, University of British Columbia    

 Yizhou Shan, Huawei Cloud    

 Liuba Shrira, Brandeis University    

 Georgios Smaragdakis, Delft University of Technology    

 Nik Sultana, Illinois Institute of Technology    

 Cheng Tan, Northeastern University    

 Vasily Tarasov, IBM Research - Almaden    

 Alain Tchana, ENSIMAG    

 Daniel R. Thomas, University of Strathclyde    

 Gaël Thomas, Télécom SudParis - Institut Polytechnique de Paris    

 Animesh Trivedi, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam    

 Theodore Ts'o, Google    

 Chia-Che Tsai, Texas A&M University    

 Shay Vargaftik, VMware    

 Lluís Vilanova, Imperial College London    

 Chen Wang, IBM T. J. Watson Research Center    

 Jason Waterman, Vassar College    

 Emmett Witchel, The University of Texas at Austin and Katana Graph    

 Youjip Won, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Suzhen Wu, Xiamen University    

 Suli Yang, NetApp    

 Eiko Yoneki, University of Cambridge    

 Feng Zhang, Tsinghua University    

 Jie Zhang, Peking University    

 Yongle Zhang, Purdue University    

 Yuan Zhang, Fudan University    

 Zheng Zhang, Rutgers University    

 Yibo Zhu, ByteDance Inc.    

 Steering Committee   
 Irina Calciu, VMware Research    

 Ada Gavrilovska, Georgia Institute of Technology    

 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    

 Arvind Krishnamurthy, University of Washington    

 Geoff Kuenning, Harvey Mudd College    

 Brian Noble, University of Michigan    

 Jiri Schindler, Tranquil Data    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University    

 Erez Zadok, Stony Brook University    

 Noa Zilberman, University of Oxford    

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsor  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 General Sponsor  

 Open Access Sponsor  

 Industry Partner and Media Sponsor  

 Conference Sponsorship  
 Become a Sponsor:  Sponsorship exposes your brand to highly qualified attendees, funds our grants program, supports open access to our conference content, and keeps USENIX conferences affordable. USENIX is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that relies on sponsor support to fulfill its mission. To learn more, please contact the Sponsorship Department  with the conference name in your subject line.  
 The acceptance of any organization as a sponsor does not imply explicit or implicit approval by USENIX of the donor organization’s values or actions. In addition, sponsorship does not provide any control over conference program content. Questions? Contact the Sponsorship Department  .  

 Attend | Registration Information 
  Registration Discounts 
  Grant Opportunities 
  Venue, Hotel, and Travel 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Poster Session 
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Sponsors | Exhibitor Services 
  About | Conference Organizers 
  Past Conferences 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  Twitter    Facebook    Youtube     

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024