Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
 2023 IEEE International Conference on Image Processing  
    
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   General | Home 
  Organizing Committee 
  Award Winners 
  Conference Policies 
  Editorial Policies 
  Contact Us 
  Plenary Speakers 
  For Authors | Paper Kit 
  Lecture Presentation Instructions 
  E-Poster Presentation Instructions 
  Video Preparation and Upload 
  Author Invitation Letter Request 
  Publishing and Paper Presentation Options 
  Submit a Paper to the ICIP Review Track 
  Submit a Paper to the OJSP Review Track 
  Request ICIP Presentation of an SPS Journal Paper 
  Calls | Important Dates 
  Call for papers 
  Call for Challenge Proposal 
  Call for Special Session Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials and Short Courses 
  Call for Industry Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Expert Session 
  Call for Satellite Workshops 
  Registration | Registration 
  Registration Desk 
  Attendee Invitation Letter Request 
  Link Paper to Registration 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  Technical Program 
  Industry Program 
  Paper Search 
  Welcome Reception 
  Award Winners 
  Conference Banquet 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Short Courses 
  Challenge Sessions 
  Special Sessions 
  Women in Signal Processing Luncheon 
  Author Ethics and IEEE New Author Tools Workshop 
  Young Professionals Networking 
  Student Job Fair and Luncheon 
  5-Minute Video Clip Contest 
  VIP Cup 
  PROGRESS Workshop 
  SPS 75th Anniversary 
  Micro Mentoring Experience (MiME) 
  Industry Keynote Speeches 
  Industry Innovation Forums 
  Industry Expert Sessions 
  Industry Workshops 
  Industry Seminars 
  Industry Demonstrations 
  MDI Session 
  Closing Ceremony 
  Travel and Venue | Hotel Information 
  Malaysia 
  Travel Information 
  Venue 
  Sponsorship Opportunities | Become an ICIP Patron/Exhibitor 
  Patrons and Exhibitors 
  Conference Photos | Day 1 Photos 
  Day 2 Photos 
  Day 3 Photos 
  Day 4 Photos 

 IEEE Event Terms and Conditions:  https://www.ieee.org/conferences/event-terms-and-conditions.html   
 IEEE Privacy Policy:  https://www.ieee.org/security-privacy.html   
 Refund Policy:  All registration fees covering a paper are non-refundable. For registration fees not covering a paper, a full refund, after a US$50 (equivalent) processing fee, will be given, provided the request is applied for prior to the last day of the Advance Registration deadline.  
 Author Registration:  Each accepted paper must be covered by at least one non-student registration by  12 July 2023  , and one non-student registration can cover up to four papers.   
 Non-Presented Paper (No-Show) Policy:  Any accepted paper included in the final program is expected to  
  have at least one author or qualified proxy attend and present the paper in person at the conference. If a paper is not  
  presented at the conference, the paper will not be published by IEEE on IEEE Xplore® or other public access  
  forums, but these papers will be distributed to conference attendees as conference proceedings and the  
  copyright of these papers will belong to IEEE. For poster sessions, if the speaker is not present in front of the  
  poster for most of the time during the poster session, this also implies the paper was not presented.  
  Conference organizers are required to collect attendance records and a list of any non-presented papers  
  and submit to IEEE SPS staff.  
 Exceptions to this policy will be made by the Technical Program Chair(s) of the conference only if there  
  is evidence that the no-show occurred because of unanticipated events beyond the control of the authors,  
  and every option available to the authors to present the paper was exhausted. The no-show authors  
  may appeal the decision of the Technical Program Chair to the VP-Conferences.  
 Qualified Proxy Policy:  The presentation of papers by substitutes is highly discouraged and may only be  
  made after permission is granted by the Technical Program Chair(s) of the conference based on solid  
  evidence that none of the authors is available to present. Papers presented by substitutes without  
  permission will be considered as no-shows.  
 Authors with Travel Restrictions Policy:  The Signal Processing Society values diversity. Authors who  
  anticipate inability to travel to a conference because of a government-imposed travel restriction are still  
  encouraged to submit papers. Such papers will be reviewed and accepted on their own merit for publication  
  without any knowledge of the author’s travel restriction. Within one week of paper acceptance notification,  
  travel-restricted authors must notify the Technical Program Chair of the conference with proof of their  
  restriction. Substitute presenters may be possible or, depending on conference resources, other  
  accommodations may be available, such as a remote presentation or pre-recorded video.  
  35  
 IEEE Event Conduct and Safety Statement:  IEEE believes that science, technology, and engineering are  
  fundamental human activities, for which openness, international collaboration, and the free flow of talent  
  and ideas are essential. Its meetings, conferences, and other events seek to enable engaging, thought  
  provoking conversations that support IEEE’s core mission of advancing technology for humanity.  
 Accordingly, IEEE is committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment to all  
  participants, including staff and vendors, at IEEE-related events. IEEE has no tolerance for discrimination,  
  harassment, or bullying in any form at IEEE-related events. All participants have the right to pursue shared  
  interests without harassment or discrimination in an environment that supports diversity and inclusion.  
 Participants are expected to adhere to these principles and respect the rights of others. IEEE seeks to provide  
  a secure environment at its events. Participants should report any behavior inconsistent with the principles  
  outlined here, to on site staff, security or venue personnel, or to eventconduct@ieee.org.  
 IEEE Signal Processing Society Diversity Statement:  The IEEE Signal Processing Society adheres to the IEEE  
  Code of Conduct and is committed to providing equal opportunity to its members, regardless of ethnicity,  
  race, nationality, disability, socioeconomic status, sexual orientation, religion, gender, age, and/or personal  
  identity. The Society is committed to a welcoming and inclusive environment that promotes diversity in the  
  signal processing community.  
 View the complete IEEE Signal Processing Society Policy & Procedures Manual at  
  http://signalprocessingsociety.org/volunteers/policy-and-procedures-manual.  
 IEEE also recommends posting information about preprints, including Arxiv.  
 Preprints   
 Authors may post their preprints in the following locations:  
 Author’s personal website 
  Author’s employer’s website 
  arXiv.org 
  TechRxiv.org 
  Funder’s repository* 
  This does not count as a prior publication. If copyright to the paper was transferred to IEEE through the  
  completion of an IEEE Copyright Form before the preprint is posted, IEEE must be credited as the copyright  
  holder with the following statement included on the initial screen displaying IEEE-copyrighted material:  
 “© 20XX IEEE. Personal use of this material is permitted. Permission from IEEE must be obtained for all  
  other uses, in any current or future media, including reprinting/republishing this material for advertising or  
  promotional purposes, creating new collective works, for resale or redistribution to servers or lists, or reuse  
  of any copyrighted component of this work in other works.”  
 Upon publication of the paper, the paper’s Digital Object Identifier (DOI) should be added.  
 Visit the IEEE Author Center for more information on SPS sharing and posting policies at  
  https://ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/.  

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top