Home 
  Committees 
  Conference 
  Program 
  Invited Speakers 
  Registration 
  Contact 
      
 X    

 16th International Conference on Verification and Evaluation of Computer and Communication Systems  
 18-20 October 2023, Marrakech, Morocco  

 Background  
 VECoS 2023 is planned as a physical, in-person event to be held October 18-20, 2023 in Marrakech, Morocco. VECoS 2023 will take place at the Faculty of Science and Technology Gueliz  , Cadi Ayyad University  , Marrakech  
  However, in a limited number of cases, there will be remote participation support for speakers and other participants who cannot come for a number of reasons.  
 The International Conference on Verification and Evaluation of Computer and Communication Systems (VECoS) was created by an Euro-Med network of researchers in computer science. Its first edition VECoS 2007  took place in Algiers, VECoS 2008  in Leeds, VECoS 2009  in Rabat, VECoS 2010  in Paris, VECoS 2011  in Tunis, VECoS 2012  in Paris, VECoS 2013  in Florence, VECoS 2014  in Bejaia, VECoS 2015  in Bucharest, VECoS 2016  in Tunis, VECoS 2017  in Montreal, VECoS 2018  in Grenoble, VECoS 2019  in Porto, VECoS 2020  in Xi'an and VECoS 2021  as a virtual conference due to COVID'19.  
 VECoS is referenced by https://conferences-computer.science/  and ranked in category C by CORE  
 Scope  
 The VECoS conference series focuses on the analysis of computer and communication systems, where functional and extra-functional properties are inter-related. VECoS encourages the cross-fertilization between the various formal verification and evaluation approaches, methods and techniques, especially those developed for concurrent and distributed hardware/software systems.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Abstraction techniques 
  Assessment for real-time systems 
  Compositional verification 
  Correct-by-construction design 
  Data-driven testing 
  Dependability assessment techniques 
  Discrete-event and hybrid systems Modeling and Simulation 
  Equivalence checking 
  Model-based Security assessment 
  Model-checking 
  Parameterized verification 
  Performance and robustness evaluation 
  Probabilistic verification 
  QoS evaluation, planning and deployment 
  RAMS (Reliability-Availability-Maintainability-Safety) assessment 
  Rigorous system design 
  Security protocols verification 
  Supervisory control 
  Verification & validation of IoT 
  Verification & validation of safety-critical systems 
  Worst-case execution time analysis 
  Application domains  
 adaptive systems, cloud computing, communication protocols, computer graphics, computer vision, computer-supported collaborative work systems, cyber-physical systems, cybersecurity, high-performance computing, image processing, intelligent software, internet of things, learning-enabled systems, logistics systems, manufacturing of the future, mobile and wireless networking, operations research, programming languages, real-time and embedded operating systems, service-oriented systems, telecommunication systems, ubiquitous systems, web services, wireless sensor networks and workflow systems.  
 Paper Submission  
 Contributions must have not been published previously, nor already submitted to other conferences/journals. Manuscripts must be submitted in PDF format electronically, via the EasyChair  system using the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)  format and should not exceed 15 pages, including the reference list. The proceedings of the conference will be published in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series. Accepted papers will appear in the conference proceedings. At least one author of each accepted paper must attend the conference and present the paper. Selected papers from the Conference will be considered for publication in extended and revised form in a special issue of an indexed international journal (ISSE,  IJCCBS  or Arima  ).   

 Authors of accepted papers must submit a signed Consent to Publish form, through which the copyright of their paper is transferred to Springer. Please download the template of the form here: VECoS Copyright form.   
  Papers must be submitted electronically, in PDF format, on-line via easychair system.   
   
 Past Editions of VECoS  
 You can find the details of the past editions of VECoS here.   

 Timeline  
 Paper submission (extended)   
  15th May 2023 (Anywhere on Earth)   
  29th May 2023 (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Authors notification   
  24th July 2023  
 Camera ready copy   
  14th August 2023 (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Conference   
  18-20 October 2023  
 Organizers  

 General Chairs:   
  Moha Taourirte, Dean of FSTG, Cadi Ayyad University.  
  Said Rakrak  , FSTG, Cadi Ayyad University,  
 PC Chair:   
  Yassine Maleh  , Sultan Moulay Slimane University  
 PC Co-Chairs:   
  Moez Krichen  , AlBaha University  
  Ahmed A. Abd El-Latif  , Prince Sultan University  
 Publicity Chair:   
  Belgacem Ben Hedia  , LIST CEA  

 Local organizer:   
  See Committees  page  
 Invited Speakers  
   
 Ahmed Bouajjani  , Paris Cité University, France   
 Silvano Dal Zilio  , LAAS - CNRS, France  
 Amal El Fallah Seghrouchni  , Sorbonne University - LIP6, France  
 Antonin Kucera  , Masaryk University, Czech Republic  

 Sponsors  

 Copyright © VECoS 2023. All Rights Reserved.