Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 Logistics:    

 VEHITS 2023 will be held in conjunction with GISTAM 2023    , CLOSER 2023    and SMARTGREENS 2023    .   
  Registration to VEHITS allows free access to the GISTAM, CLOSER and SMARTGREENS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The purpose of the International Conference on Vehicle Technology and Intelligent Transport Systems (VEHITS) is to bring together engineers, researchers and practitioners interested in the advances and applications in the field of Vehicle Technology and Intelligent Transport Systems.  
  This conference focuses on innovative applications, tools and platforms in all technology areas such as signal processing, wireless communications, informatics and electronics, related to different kinds of vehicles, including cars, off-road vehicles, trains, ships, underwater vehicles, or flying machines, and the intelligent transportation systems that connect and manage large numbers of vehicles, not only in the context of smart cities but in many other application domains.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Connected Vehicles   
  
  2  .  Data Analytics   
  
  3  .  Intelligent Transport Systems and Infrastructure   
  
  4  .  Intelligent Vehicle Technologies   
  
  5  .  Smart Mobility and Sustainable Transport Services   

  Conference Chair    
 Oleg Gusikhin  ,  Ford Motor Company, United States   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Alexey Vinel  ,  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Germany   
  Jeroen Ploeg  ,  Siemens Industry Software Netherlands B.V., Netherlands   
  Karsten Berns  ,  University of Kaiserslautern-Landau, Germany   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Karl Henrik Johansson  ,  KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden   
  Christoph Stiller  ,  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Germany   
  Rudy R. Negenborn  ,  Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC