Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 VISAPP is part of VISIGRAPP    , the 20th International Joint Conference on Computer Vision, Imaging and Computer Graphics Theory and Applications.  
  Registration to VISAPP allows free access to all other VISIGRAPP conferences.   
   
  VISIGRAPP 2025 will be held in conjunction with MODELSWARD 2025    and ROBOVIS 2025    .   
  Registration to VISIGRAPP allows free access to the MODELSWARD and ROBOVIS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 Upcoming Submission Deadlines  
 Late-Breaking Submission Deadline:  December 16, 2024    
 Abstracts Track Submission:  December 18, 2024    

  (See Important Dates for more information)    
 The International Conference on Computer Vision Theory and Applications aims at becoming a major point of contact between researchers, engineers and practitioners on the area of computer vision methods, systems and applications. Several tracks cover all different aspects related to computer vision, including: Image and Video Processing and Analysis; Image and Video Understanding; Motion, Tracking and Stereo Vision; Mobile and Egocentric Vision for Humans and Robots; and Applications and Services.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Image and Video Processing and Analysis   
  
  2  .  Image and Video Understanding   
  
  3  .  Motion, Tracking, and 3D Vision   
  
  4  .  Mobile, Egocentric, and Robotic Vision   
  
  5  .  Applications and Services   

  Conference Co-chairs    
 Kadi Bouatouch  ,  IRISA, University of Rennes 1, France   
  A. Augusto Sousa  ,  FEUP/INESC TEC, Portugal   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Petia Radeva  ,  Universitat de Barcelona, Spain   
  Antonino Furnari  ,  University of Catania, Italy   

 ASSOCIATE CHAIRS   
  Dario Allegra  , University of Catania, Italy - Image and Video Processing and Analysis    
  Gianluigi Ciocca  , University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy - Image and Video Processing and Analysis    
  Mariella Dimiccoli  , Institut de Robòtica i Informàtica Industrial (CSIC-UPC), Spain - Image and Video Understanding    
  Fabio Galasso  , Sapienza University of Rome, Italy - Image and Video Understanding    
  Matteo Dunnhofer  , University of Udine, Italy - Motion, Tracking, and 3D Vision    
  Jun Sato  , Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan - Motion, Tracking, and 3D Vision    
  Dimitri Ognibene  , Università degli studi Milano-Bicocca, Italy and University of Essex, United Kingdom - Mobile, Egocentric, and Robotic Vision    
  Francesco Ragusa  , University of Catania, Italy - Mobile, Egocentric, and Robotic Vision    
  Eduardo Aguilar Torres  , Universidad Catolica del Norte, Chile - Applications and Services    
  George Azzopardi  , University of Groningen, Netherlands and University of Malta, Malta - Applications and Services    

  Keynote Speakers   
 Julien Pettré  ,  Inria, France   
  Daniel Archambault  ,  Newcastle University, United Kingdom   
  Katherine J. Kuchenbecker  ,  Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Stuttgart, Germany   
  Diane Larlus  ,  Naver Labs Europe, France   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book  (final approval pending)  

 Technically co-sponsored by:   

 Endorsed by:    

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC