Toggle navigation          
 VizSec 2023 Home 
  Sponsorship 
  News 
  Past Years 
  Data 
  About 

  VizSec 2023  
 Welcome to 20th IEEE Symposium on Visualization for Cyber Security  
 VizSec 2023 will be held in conjunction with IEEE VIS Conference  on Sunday, October 22, 2023 2:00pm - 5:00pm in Melbourne, Australia. VizSec brings together researchers and practitioners in information visualization and security to address the specific needs of the cyber security community through new and insightful visualization techniques.  
 To register for VizSec, see the IEEE VIS registration page  .  
 Questions?  Please email chair@vizsec.org  for questions regarding VizSec 2023.  
  Program  
 All times are local Time (AEDT, UTC+11)  
 14:00 - 15:15   
 Session 1: Opening, Keynote and Best Paper  
  moderated by Lyndsey Franklin   

 14:00 - 14:10   
 Opening Remarks  by Lyndsey Franklin    
   
 14:10 - 14:55   
 Keynote:  
  Security-aware data provenance to support cybersecurity situational awareness  by Carsten Rudolph  , Monash University, Oceania Cyber Security Centre OCSC  .  
  Please see below  for bio.   
   
 14:55- 15:15   
 FuzzPlanner: Visually Assisting the Design of Firmware Fuzzing Campaigns  
  by Emilio Coppa, Alessio Izzillo, Riccardo Lazzeretti and Simone Lenti    
   
 15:15 - 15:25   
 Break    

 15:25 - 16:15   
 Session 2: Paper Session  
  moderated by tba   

 15:25- 15:40   
 Exploring the Representation of Cyber-Risk Data Through Sketching  
  by Thomas Miller, Miriam Sturdee and Daniel Prince    
   
 15:40- 15:55   
 PassViz: A Visualisation System for Analysing Leaked Passwords  
  by Samuel Charles Parker, Haiyue Yuan and Shujun Li    
   
 15:55- 16:05   
 Visualizing Comparisons of Bill of Materials  
  by Rebecca Jones and Lucas Tate    
   
 16:05- 16:15   
 Vis-SAGA: Visual Analytics for Situational Awareness of Grid Anomalies  
  by Graham Johnson, Kenny Gruchalla, Michael Ingram, Nalinrat Guba, Robert Cruickshank and Scott Caruso    
   
 16:15 - 16:25   
 Break    

 16:25 - 17:00   
 Session 3: Presentation Session  
  moderated by tba   

 16:25 - 16:40   
 Reimagining SOC Security Visualization with Cyber Next Platform  
  by Lalit Mohan Sanagavarapu    
   
 16:40 - 16:55   
 Network Narratives: Weaving Observations and Intentions in Security Visualization  
  by Larry Chan and Kuhu Gupta    
   
 16:55 - 17:00   
 Closing  
  by Lyndsey Franklin    

 Keynote  
 Security-aware data provenance to support cybersecurity situational awareness  
 Carsten Rudolph  
  Monash University, Oceania Cyber Security Centre OCSC   
 Abstract  
 Cybersecurity in distributed processes and systems often relies on a combination of individual local security controls and security protocols to protect communication. This means that in individual steps in the process there is limited situational awareness on the current security posture of the participating entities and on the protections applied to data in the process. Thus, people interacting with the systems don't have sufficient information to estimate cybersecurity risks at real-time. Security-aware provenance data can potentially improve this situation and existing research shows that various security meta-data is, in principle, available, but currently not used. One challenge is the sheer amount of available information and it is obvious that automation and suitable visualisation would be required to enable humans to digest this data and to react on changes in risks.  
  Biography  
 Carsten Rudolph is Professor for Cybersecurity and Deputy Dean of the Faculty of IT, Monash University, and Director for Research of the Oceania Cyber Security Centre OCSC in Melbourne, Australia. Before joining Monash, he was Head of Research Department for Trust and Compliance at the Fraunhofer Institute for Secure Information Technology SIT, Darmstadt, Germany and lead several large-scale European research initiatives. His research concentrates on information security, formal methods, cryptographic protocols, security of machine learning and human aspects of security with a strong focus interdisciplinary topics. He contributes to the development of secure solutions for different areas, such as digital health or future energy networks. Further, he drives scientific exchange between cybersecurity, law and organisational informatics. Another focus of his research is on nation-level cybersecurity maturity and policy development. Dr. Rudolph has established the OCSC and oversees the OCSC’s program for national cybersecurity maturity reviews in the Pacific region, a collaboration with Oxford University.  
   
  VizSec 2023 Call for Papers  
 We cordially invite you to participate in the 20th IEEE Symposium on Visualization for Cyber Security (VizSec) 2023. VizSec brings together researchers and practitioners from academia, government, and industry to address the needs of the cybersecurity community through new and insightful visualization and analysis techniques. VizSec provides an excellent venue for fostering greater exchange and new collaborations on a broad range of security- and privacy-related topics.  
 VizSec will be held as an Associated Event with IEEE VIS taking place October 22 - 27 in Melbourne, Australia. As an Associated Event, the VizSec program will be an in-person  event.  
 The purpose of VizSec is to explore effective and scalable visual interfaces for security domains such as network security, computer forensics, reverse engineering, insider threat detection, cryptography, privacy, user-assisted attacks prevention, compliance management, wireless security, secure coding, penetration testing, and other related research topics.  
 We are soliciting Technical (Full), Short, Position Papers and Presentation-Only (Non Archival) submissions.  
 Technical Papers  
 Full papers describing novel contributions in security visualization are solicited. Papers may present techniques, applications, theory, analysis, experiments, or evaluations. We encourage the submission of papers on technologies and methods that promise to improve cyber security practices, including, but not limited to:  
 Situation awareness and/or understanding 
  Incident handling including triage, exploration, correlation, and response 
  Computer forensics 
  Machine learning & explainable AI for cybersecurity 
  Adversarial machine learning visualization 
  Adversarial visualization 
  Visual analytics for cybersecurity 
  Data protection & privacy 
  Blockchain performance & security 
  Cybersecurity in critical infrastructure 
  Collaborative visualization for cybersecurity & provenance 
  Decision support for security configuration and deployment 
  Reverse engineering and malware analysis 
  Vulnerability management 
  Multiple data source analysis 
  Analyzing information requirements for computer network defense 
  Evaluation and/or user testing of systems 
  Criteria for assessing the effectiveness of cyber security visualizations, for security goals or human factors 
  System modeling and network analysis 
  Usable Security and Privacy 
  Software security 
  Mobile application security 
  Social networking privacy and security 
  Training & education 
  Visualization for privacy engineering 
   
  Submissions including tests and evaluations of the proposed tools and techniques are also considered particularly desirable. If possible, making test data available will also be considered positively. If you do not have real-world data to demonstrate your visualization, you may be interested in looking at the VizSec dataset links  . Please see past years  proceedings and websites to see the quality and examples of previous submissions. Previous VizSec papers may also be found on the VizSec Papers Browser  and on IEEE Xplore.  
 Short Papers  
 Short papers describing initial research results, concise research contributions, or incremental work on the above topics even including practical applications of security visualization, are solicited. We encourage the submission of papers discussing the introduction of cyber security visualizations into operational context including, but not limited to:  
 Cases where visualization made positive contributions towards meeting operational needs 
  Gaps or negative outcomes from visualization deployments 
  Situations where visualization was not utilized, but could have had a positive impact 
  Lessons learned from operational engagements 
  Insights gained from the transition process 
   
  Cyber security practitioners from industry, as well as the research community, are encouraged to submit case studies.  
 Position Papers  
 Position papers focus on topics needing or calling for discussion or reconsideration of forgotten topics relevant for the VizSec community. They should report a clear position on the target topic and should also suggest a proposal or actions regarding the target topic. They should stimulate imaginative and hypothesis-driven research. In particular, we encourage submissions both from researchers inside the visualization community and outside, such as researchers and practitioners from pure cybersecurity domains who currently do not broadly employ visualization in their work.  
 Presentation-Only  
 Presentation submissions are non-archival submissions and may describe late-breaking results, work in progress, preliminary results, demonstrations that present concrete examples of successful applications of visualization techniques in industry settings, practical challenges, insights gained from experience, best practices, future directions, and emerging trends relevant to the VizSec community. There will be a dedicated session where speakers can showcase the latest developments in the field, share their findings, present future directions and challenges, and discuss with conference participants. We encourage submissions from both academia and industry, as this will enable fruitful exchanges and foster collaboration between these two communities. Our goal is to create a forum where attendees can learn from each other, discuss emerging trends, and share insights on addressing practical challenges academia and industry face.  
 Awards  
 There will be an award for the best full paper from the accepted program. This award will be given to the paper judged to have the highest overall quality as determined by the program committee. Key elements of the selection process include whether papers include evaluation, repeatable results, and open-source data or software. We plan to recommend the best full paper in a special issue of the journal, IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics (TVCG).  
 Paper Submissions   
 The VizSec 2023 Proceedings will be published by IEEE. Submissions must be formatted using the IEEE VGTC conference proceedings template that can be found at: https://tc.computer.org/vgtc/publications/conference/   
 VizSec full papers are limited to 9 pages of content plus an additional 2 pages of references. Papers may be shorter than this but must make a similar contribution to a longer paper. Reviewers are not required to read the appendices or any pages past the maximum. Short papers must be at most 4 pages plus 1 page of references. Position papers must be at most 4 pages total including references.  
 Submissions not meeting these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of their merit. Reviews are single-blind, so authors may include names and affiliations in their submissions. Submitted papers must not substantially overlap papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference with proceedings. Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their papers will be presented at the conference.  
 Guidelines for Artificial Intelligence (AI)-Generated Text   
  The use of artificial intelligence (AI)–generated text in an article shall be disclosed in the acknowledgements section of any paper submitted. The sections of the paper that use AI-generated text shall have a citation to the AI system used to generate the text.  
 How to submit:   
  Go to https://new.precisionconference.com/submissions  , then make a new submission to Society: VGTC, Conference/Journal: VIS 2023, Track: VIS 2023 VizSec  
 Presentation Submissions   
 Presentation-only submissions must be 2-page proposals including a presentation title, a brief presentation abstract (maximum 30 words), a description of the presentation topic, a description of the target audience, and biographies of the presenters. Presenters may also submit an accompanying slide or other supplementary materials by following the IEEE VIS formatting guidelines.  
 How to submit:   
  Go to https://new.precisionconference.com/submissions  , then make a new submission to Society: VGTC, Conference/Journal: VIS 2023, Track: VIS 2023 VizSec Presentation-only.  
  Important Dates  
 All deadlines are at 11:59pm (23:59) Anywhere on Earth (AoE).  
 Paper deadlines:  Extended!   
 June 30, 2023   July 12, 2023   Submission deadline for full, short, and position papers  
 July 21, 2023   Author notifications  
 Aug 08, 2023   Camera ready submissions and copyright forms due  
 Presentation deadlines:   
 Aug 11, 2023   Submission deadline presentation abstract  
 Sep 01, 2023   Presenter notifications  
 Oct 10, 2023   Presentation Draft Submission  
 VizSec will be held on Sunday, October 22, 2023  .  
   
 Committees  
 Organizing Committee  
 Lyndsey Franklin  , | General Chair | Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 
  Xumeng Wang, | Program Co-Chair | Nankai University 
  Aritra Dasgupta, | Program Co-Chair | New Jersey Institute of Technology 
  Adrian Komandina, | Publication Chair | University of Zagreb 
  Kuhu Gupta, | Presentation Track Chair | Illumio 
  TBA, | Publicity Chair 
  Alex Ulmer  , | Web Chair | Fraunhofer IGD 
  Program Committee  
 Arnav Aghav | Arizona State University 
  Marco Angelini | University of Rome "La Sapienza" 
  Anjana Arunkumar | Arizona State University 
  Kaustav Bhattacharjee | Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 
  Siming Chen | Fudan University 
  Robertas Damaševičiu | Kaunas University of Technology 
  Xiaohan Ding | Virginia Tech 
  Mai Elshehaly | University of London 
  Mohammad Ghoniem | Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology 
  Steven Gomez | MIT Lincoln Laboratory 
  Robert Gove | CrowdStrike 
  Ridhima Gupta | Databricks 
  Jörn Kohlhammer | Fraunhofer IGD 
  Frédéric Majorczyk | DGA-MI 
  Jiacheng Pan | Zhejiang University 
  Christopher Simpson | National University 
  David Trimm | U.S. Department of Defense 
  Alex Ulmer | Fraunhofer IGD 
  Steering Committee  
 Marco Angelini | University of Rome La Sapienza 
  Dustin Arendt | Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 
  Chris Bryan | Arizona State University 
  Robert Gove | CrowdStrike 
  Jörn Kohlhammer | Fraunhofer IGD 
  Diane Staheli | MIT Lincoln Laboratory 
   Supporters  

   Get in Touch  
 Email chair@vizsec.org  for questions regarding the latest VizSec event. For general questions, email info@vizsec.org  or post to our Google group.   
  Follow @vizsec  on Twitter!  
   
  VizSec News  
 VizSec 2023 Call for Papers and Deadlines 
  VizSec 2023 Website 
  VizSec 2022 Program 
  VizSec 2022 Call for Papers and Deadlines 
  VizSec 2022 Website 
  VizSec 2021 Program 
  VizSec 2021 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2021 Website 
  Inclusivity and Diversity scholarship 
  VizSec 2020 Registration 
  VizSec 2020 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2019: Program Schedule and Posters Announced 
  Submission Deadline Extended to June 19th, 2019 
  Chris Oehmen to Keynote at VizSec 2019 
  VizSec 2019 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2018 Videos and Proceeding Available 
  VizSec 2017 Videos Posted 
  VizSec 2017 Program Posted 
  VizSec 2017 Deadline Extended 
  VizSec 2017 Best Paper Award 
  VizSec 2017 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2016 papers are in the IEEE DL 
  Program Schedule Available 
  Jay Jacob's to Provide Keynote 
  VizSec 2016 Registration 
  VizSec 2016 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2015 papers are in the IEEE DL 
  Papers for VizSec 2015 
  VizSec 2015 Program Schedule 
  VizSec 2015 Call for Papers 
    
  Past VizSec Events  
 2022    Hybrid Conference, Oklahoma City, USA   2021    Virtual Conference   2020    Virtual Conference   2019    Vancouver, Canada   2018    Berlin, Germany   2017    Phoenix, AZ, USA   2016    Baltimore, MD, USA   2015    Chicago, Illinois, USA   2014    Paris, France   2013    Atlanta GA, USA   2012    Seattle, WA, USA   2011    Pittsburgh, PA, USA   2010    Ottawa, ON, Canada   2009    Atlantic City, NJ, USA   2008    Cambridge, MA, USA   2007    Sacramento, CA   2006    Washington, DC, USA   2005    Minneapolis, MN, USA   2004    Washington, DC, USA      
 View all »    

 © The VizSec team; content licensed under CC BY 3.0