Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
   
 DE     
 EN      
   
 Bücher       
   
 Zeitschriften       
   
 Themenseiten Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Organisationspsychologie    Projektmanagement    Marketing    Smart Manufacturing      

 Weitere Formate Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Podcasts    Webinare Technik    Webinare Wirtschaft    Kongresse    Veranstaltungskalender    Awards    MyNewsletter      

 Jetzt Einzelzugang starten       
   
 Zugang für Unternehmen       
   
 Referenzkunden       
   
 Sustainability in Automotive       

 Gesamtlebenszyklus wird immer wichtiger  
 In der Digitalkonferenz am 5. Dezember 2024 geht es um die wachsende Bedeutung der Kreislaufwirtschaft in der Automobilindustrie und wie nachhaltige Werkstoffe sowie wiederverwendbare Komponenten dazu beitragen können.  

 Springer Professional     
   
   Suche   Suchbegriffe eingeben       Suchen     
  
 Erweiterte Suche      

  Anmelden      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT BENÖTIGT    
 Bitte aktivieren Sie Java-Script in Ihrem Browser, damit Sie alle Vorteile und Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER WIRD NICHT MEHR UNTERSTÜZT    
 Der Internet Explorer wird als Browser seitens Microsoft nicht mehr unterstützt. Für Ihr optimales Nutzungserlebnis wählen Sie bitte Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome oder Firefox als Browser.   

 nach oben    

 2023 | Buch  

 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
   
 Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation  
 24th International Conference, VMCAI 2023, Boston, MA, USA, January 16–17, 2023, Proceedings  
 herausgegeben von: Cezara Dragoi, Michael Emmi, Jingbo Wang   
   
 Verlag: Springer Nature Switzerland    
 Buchreihe : Lecture Notes in Computer Science    
 Enthalten in: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Inhaltsverzeichnis    

      Suchen      
 insite    
 SUCHEN    

 Über dieses Buch  
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 24th International Conference on Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation, VMCAI 2023, which took place in Boston, USA, in January 2023. The 17 full papers presented in this book were carefully reviewed and selected from 34 submissions. The contributions deal with program verification, model checking, abstract interpretation, program synthesis, static analysis, type systems, deductive methods, decision procedures, theorem proving, program certification, debugging techniques, program transformation, optimization, and hybrid and cyber-physical systems.  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Loggen Sie sich ein, um Ihre Alerts zu aktualisieren und Neue anzulegen.  

 Anzeige   

 Inhaltsverzeichnis  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Distributing and Parallelizing Non-canonical Loops  
  Abstract   
 This work leverages an original dependency analysis to parallelize loops regardless of their form in imperative programs. Our algorithm distributes a loop into multiple parallelizable loops, resulting in gains in execution time comparable to state-of-the-art automatic source-to-source code transformers when both are applicable. Our graph-based algorithm is intuitive, language-agnostic, proven correct, and applicable to all types of loops. Importantly, it can be applied even if the loop iteration space is unknown statically or at compile time, or more generally if the loop is not in canonical form or contains loop-carried dependency. As contributions we deliver the computational technique, proof of its preservation of semantic correctness, and experimental results to quantify the expected performance gains. We also show that many comparable tools cannot distribute the loops we optimize, and that our technique can be seamlessly integrated into compiler passes or other automatic parallelization suites.   
   
 Clément Aubert, Thomas Rubiano, Neea Rusch, Thomas Seiller   

 SMT-Based Modeling and Verification of Spiking Neural Networks: A Case Study  
  Abstract   
 In this paper, we present a case study on modeling and verification of Spiking Neural Networks (SNN) using Satisfiability Modulo Theory (SMT) solvers. SNN are special neural networks that have great similarity in their architecture and operation with the human brain. These networks have shown similar performance when compared to traditional networks with comparatively lesser energy requirement. We discuss different properties of SNNs and their functioning. We then use Z3, a popular SMT solver to encode the network and its properties. Specifically, we use the theory of Linear Real Arithmetic (LRA). Finally, we present a framework for verification and adversarial robustness analysis and demonstrate it on the Iris and MNIST benchmarks.   
   
 Soham Banerjee, Sumana Ghosh, Ansuman Banerjee, Swarup K. Mohalik   

 StaticPersist: Compiler Support for PMEM Programming  
  Abstract   
 Persistent Memory (PMEM) programs present unique programmability challenges. An important challenge involves ensuring that programs with mixed volatile-memory and persistent-memory ensure an important reachability invariant: at no point in the program execution should a persistent memory region contain a pointer to a volatile memory region. Such invariants are difficult to detect through testing methodologies, as the corresponding failures show up only in the presence of crashes. Prior work has leveraged runtime support in managed languages like Java (e.g., AutoPersist [ 31  ]) to check these invariants at runtime. However, such proposals incur a significant runtime cost. We propose a compile-time analysis that checks and maintains such reachability invariants statically with high precision. We implement this compile-time analysis in tool called StaticPersist  which identifies such reachability-invariant violations and proposes fixes in C/C++ code.   
   
 Sorav Bansal   

 Symbolic Abstract Heaps for Polymorphic Information-Flow Guard Inference  
  Abstract   
 In the realm of sound object-oriented program analyses for information-flow control, very few approaches adopt flow-sensitive abstractions of the heap that enable a precise modeling of implicit flows. To tackle this challenge, we advance a new symbolic abstraction approach for modeling the heap in Java  -like programs. We use a store-less representation that is parameterized with a family of relations among references to offer various levels of precision based on user preferences. This enables us to automatically infer polymorphic information-flow guards for methods via a co-reachability analysis of a symbolic finite-state system. We instantiate the heap abstraction with three different families of relations. We prove the soundness of our approach and compare the precision and scalability obtained with each instantiated heap domain by using the IFSpec  benchmarks and real-life applications.   
   
 Nicolas Berthier, Narges Khakpour   

 Satisfiability Modulo Custom Theories in Z3  
  Abstract   
 We introduce user-propagators  as a new feature of the Z3 SMT solver. User-propagation allows users to write custom theory extensions for Z3, by implementing callbacks via the Z3 API. These callbacks are invoked by Z3 and eliminate eager processing and instantiation of theory axioms with quantifiers. We report on application scenarios of user-propagation and describe further use-cases.   
   
 Nikolaj Bjørner, Clemens Eisenhofer, Laura Kovács   

 Bayesian Parameter Estimation with Guarantees via Interval Analysis and Simulation  
  Abstract   
 We give a method to compute guaranteed estimates of Bayesian a posteriori distributions in a model where the relation between the observation y  and the parameters \(\theta \)  is a function, possibly involving additive noise parameters \(\psi \)  , say \(y=f(\theta )+h(\psi )\)  . This model covers the case of (noisy) ode  parameters estimation and the case when f  is computed by a neural network. Applying a combination of methods based on uncertain probability (P-boxes), Interval Arithmetic (IA) and Monte Carlo (MC) simulation, we design an efficient randomized algorithm that returns guaranteed estimates of the posterior CDF of the parameters \(\theta \)  , and moments thereof, given that the observation y  lies in a (small) rectangle. Guarantees come in the form of confidence intervals for the CDF values and its moments. Comparison with state-of-the-art approaches on ode  s benchmarks shows significant improvement in terms of efficiency and accuracy.   
   
 Michele Boreale, Luisa Collodi   

 A Pragmatic Approach to Stateful Partial Order Reduction  
  Abstract   
 Partial order reduction (POR) is a classic technique for dealing with the state explosion problem in model checking of concurrent programs. Theoretical optimality, i.e., avoiding enumerating equivalent interleavings, does not necessarily guarantee optimal overall performance of the model checking algorithm. The computational overhead required to guarantee optimality may by far cancel out any benefits that an algorithm may have from exploring a smaller state space of interleavings. With a focus on overall performance, we propose new algorithms for stateful POR based on the recently proposed source sets, which are less precise but more efficient than the state of the art in practice. We evaluate efficiency using an implementation that extends Java Pathfinder in the context of verifying concurrent data structures.   
   
 Berk Cirisci, Constantin Enea, Azadeh Farzan, Suha Orhun Mutluergil   

 Compositional Verification of Stigmergic Collective Systems  
  Abstract   
 Collective adaptive systems may be broadly defined as ensembles of autonomous agents, whose interaction may lead to the emergence of global features and patterns. Formal verification may provide strong guarantees about the emergence of these features, but may suffer from scalability issues caused by state space explosion. Compositional verification techniques, whereby the state space of a system is generated by combining (an abstraction of) those of its components, have shown to be a promising countermeasure to the state space explosion problem. Therefore, in this work we apply these techniques to the problem of verifying collective adaptive systems with stigmergic interaction. Specifically, we automatically encode these systems into networks of LNT processes, apply a static value analysis to prune the state space of individual agents, and then reuse compositional verification procedures provided by the CADP toolbox. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by verifying a collection of representative systems.   
   
 Luca Di Stefano, Frédéric Lang   

 Efficient Interprocedural Data-Flow Analysis Using Treedepth and Treewidth  
  Abstract   
 We consider interprocedural data-flow analysis as formalized by the standard IFDS framework, which can express many widely-used static analyses such as reaching definitions, live variables, and null-pointer. We focus on the well-studied on-demand setting in which queries arrive one-by-one in a stream and each query should be answered as fast as possible. While the classical IFDS algorithm provides a polynomial-time solution for this problem, it is not scalable in practice. More specifically, it will either require a quadratic-time preprocessing phase or takes linear time per query, both of which are untenable for modern huge codebases with hundreds of thousands of lines. Previous works have already shown that parameterizing the problem by the treewidth of the program’s control-flow graph is promising and can lead to significant gains in efficiency. Unfortunately, these results were only applicable to the limited special case of same-context queries.   
 In this work, we obtain significant speedups for the general case of on-demand IFDS with queries that are not necessarily same-context. This is achieved by exploiting a new graph sparsity parameter, namely the treedepth of the program’s call graph. Our approach is the first to exploit the sparsity of control-flow graphs and call graphs at the same time and parameterize by both the treewidth and the treedepth. We obtain an algorithm with a linear preprocessing phase that can answer each query in constant time wrt the size of the input. Finally, our experimental results demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms the classical IFDS and its on-demand variant.   
   
 Amir Kafshdar Goharshady, Ahmed Khaled Zaher   

 Maximal Robust Neural Network Specifications via Oracle-Guided Numerical Optimization  
  Abstract   
 Analyzing the robustness of neural networks is crucial for trusting them. The vast majority of existing works focus on networks’ robustness in \(\epsilon \)  -ball neighborhoods, but these cannot capture complex robustness specifications. We propose MaRVeL, a system for computing maximal non-uniform robust specifications that maximize a target norm. The main idea is to employ oracle-guided numerical optimization  , thereby leveraging the efficiency of a numerical optimizer as well as the accuracy of a non-differentiable robustness verifier, acting as the oracle. The optimizer iteratively submits to the verifier candidate specifications, which in turn returns the closest inputs to the decision boundaries. The optimizer then computes their gradients to guide its search in the directions the specification can expand while remaining robust. We evaluate MaRVeL on several datasets and classifiers and show that its specifications are larger by 5.1x than prior works. On a two-dimensional dataset, we show that the average diameter of its specifications is 93% of the optimal average diameter, whereas the diameter of prior works’ specifications is only 26%.   
   
 Anan Kabaha, Dana Drachsler-Cohen   

 A Generic Framework to Coarse-Grain Stochastic Reaction Networks by Abstract Interpretation  
  Abstract   
 In the last decades, logical or discrete models have emerged as a successful paradigm for capturing and predicting the behaviors of systems of molecular interactions. Intuitively, they consist in sampling the abundance of each kind of biochemical entity within finite sets of intervals and deriving transitions accordingly. On one hand, formally-proven sound derivation from more precise descriptions (such as from reaction networks) may include many fictitious behaviors. On the other hand, direct modeling usually favors dominant interactions with no guarantee on the behaviors that are neglected.   
 In this paper, we formalize a sound coarse-graining approach for stochastic reaction networks. Its originality relies on two main ingredients. Firstly, we abstract values by intervals that overlap in order to introduce a minimal effort for the system to go back to the previous interval, hence limiting fictitious oscillations in the coarse-grained models. Secondly, we compute for pairs of transitions (in the coarse-grained model) bounds on the probabilities on which one will occur first.   
 We illustrate our ideas on two case studies and demonstrate how techniques from Abstract Interpretation can be used to design more precise discretization methods, while providing a framework to further investigate the underlying structure of logical and discrete models.   
   
 Jérôme Feret, Albin Salazar   

 CosySEL: Improving SAT Solving Using Local Symmetries  
  Abstract   
 Many satisfiability problems exhibit symmetry properties. Thus, the development of symmetry exploitation techniques seems a natural way to try to improve the efficiency of solvers by preventing them from exploring isomorphic parts of the search space. These techniques can be classified into two categories: dynamic and static symmetry breaking. Static approaches have often appeared to be more effective than dynamic ones. But although these approaches can be considered as complementary, very few works have tried to combine them.   
 In this paper, we present a new tool, CosySEL  , that implements a composition of the static Effective Symmetry Breaking Predicates ( esbp  ) technique with the dynamic Symmetric Explanation Learning ( sel  ). esbp  exploits symmetries to prune the search tree and sel  uses symmetries to speed up the tree traversal. These two accelerations are complementary and their combination was made possible by the introduction of Local symmetries  .   
 We conduct our experiments on instances issued from the last ten sat  competitions and the results show that our tool outperforms the existing tools on highly symmetrical problems.   
   
 Sabrine Saouli, Souheib Baarir, Claude Dutheillet, Jo Devriendt   

 Sound Symbolic Execution via Abstract Interpretation and Its Application to Security  
  Abstract   
 Symbolic execution is a program analysis technique commonly utilized to determine whether programs violate properties and, in case violations are found, to generate inputs that can trigger them. Used in the context of security properties such as noninterference, symbolic execution is precise when looking for counter-example pairs of traces when insecure information flows are found, however it is sound only up to a bound thus it does not allow to prove the correctness of programs with executions beyond the given bound. By contrast, abstract interpretation-based static analysis guarantees soundness but generally lacks the ability to provide counter-example pairs of traces.   
 In this paper, we propose to weave both to obtain the best of two worlds. We demonstrate this with a series of static analyses, including a static analysis called RedSoundRSE  aimed at verifying noninterference. RedSoundRSE  provides both semantically sound results and the ability to derive counter-example pairs of traces up to a bound. It relies on a combination of symbolic execution and abstract domains inspired by the well known notion of reduced product. We formalize RedSoundRSE  and prove its soundness as well as its relative precision up to a bound. We also provide a prototype implementation of RedSoundRSE  and evaluate it on a sample of challenging examples.   
   
 Ignacio Tiraboschi, Tamara Rezk, Xavier Rival   

 Result Invalidation for Incremental Modular Analyses  
  Abstract   
 To reduce the running time of static analysis tools upon program changes, incremental static analyses reuse and update pre-existing results. Such analyses must efficiently detect and remove outdated results. We introduce three novel, complementary result invalidation strategies for incremental modular analyses. The core idea of our work is to alternate invalidation with computation. We apply our strategies to a recent, state-of-the-art incremental modular analysis that suffers from imprecision, and evaluate them on soundness, precision, and performance. Our strategies lead to precision improvements compared to an incremental analysis without invalidation, though the precision of a full reanalysis is not yet matched. On most benchmarks, our incremental analysis performs well. However, on some benchmarks our analysis performs poorly as the changes drastically change program behaviour, for which the changes are difficult for an incremental analysis to handle.   
   
 Jens Van der Plas, Quentin Stiévenart, Coen De Roover   

 Synthesizing History and Prophecy Variables for Symbolic Model Checking  
  Abstract   
 Introduction of history and prophecy variables can allow a proof to be expressed in a weaker logic or a more localized form. This fact has been used, for example, to allow purely propositional, quantifier-free, invariant generators to produce proofs for parameterized systems requiring universal quantification in the inductive invariant. However, automatic synthesis of history and prophecy variables remains an open problem. We introduce counterexample-guided heuristics for this purpose based on property-driven refutation of counterexamples and Craig interpolation. The approach is evaluated on a set of benchmarks based on array manipulating programs with multiple loops.   
   
 Cole Vick, Kenneth L. McMillan   

 Solving Constrained Horn Clauses over Algebraic Data Types  
  Abstract   
 Safety verification problems are often reduced to solving the satisfiability of Constrained Horn Clauses (CHCs), a set of constraints in first-order logic involving uninterpreted predicates. Synthesis of interpretations for the predicates, also known as inductive invariants synthesis  , is challenging in the presence of Algebraic Data Types (ADTs). Defined inductively, ADTs describe possibly unbounded chunks of data, thus they often require synthesizing recursive invariants. We present a novel approach to this problem based on functional synthesis  : it attempts to extract recursive functions from constraints that capture the semantics of unbounded computation over the chunks of data encoded in CHCs. Recursive function calls are beneficial since they allow rewriting the constraints and introducing equalities that further can be simplified away. This largely simplifies the problem of generating invariants and lets them have simple interpretations that are recursion-free at the highest level and have function calls. We have implemented the approach in a new CHC solver called AdtChc  . Our algorithm relies on an external automated theorem prover to conduct proofs by structural induction, as opposed to a black-box constrained solver. With two alternative solvers of choice, AdtInd  and Vampire  , the new toolset has been evaluated on a range of public benchmarks, and it exhibited its strengths against state-of-the-art CHC solvers on particular benchmarks that require recursive invariants.   
   
 Lucas Zavalía, Lidiia Chernigovskaia, Grigory Fedyukovich   

 ARENA: Enhancing Abstract Refinement for Neural Network Verification  
  Abstract   
 As neural networks have taken on a critical role in real-world applications, formal verification is earnestly needed to guarantee the safety properties of the networks. However, it remains challenging to balance the trade-off between precision and efficiency in abstract interpretation based verification methods. In this paper, we propose an abstract refinement process that leverages the convex hull techniques to improve the analysis efficiency. Specifically, we introduce the double description method in the convex polytope domain to detect and eliminate multiple spurious  adversarial labels simultaneously. We also combine the new activation relaxation technique with the iterative abstract refinement method to compensate for the precision loss during abstract interpretation. We have implemented our proposal into a verification framework named ARENA, and assessed its effectiveness by conducting a series of experiments. These experiments show that ARENA yields significantly better verification precision compared to the existing abstract-refinement-based tool DeepSRGR. It also identifies falsification by detecting adversarial examples, with reasonable execution efficiency. Lastly, it verifies more images than the state-of-the-art verifier PRIMA.   
   
 Yuyi Zhong, Quang-Trung Ta, Siau-Cheng Khoo   

 Correction to: ARENA: Enhancing Abstract Refinement for Neural Network Verification  
     
 Yuyi Zhong, Quang-Trung Ta, Siau-Cheng Khoo   

 Backmatter  

 Metadaten   

 Titel  Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation    
 herausgegeben von  Cezara Dragoi  
  Michael Emmi  
  Jingbo Wang  
     
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-3-031-24950-1    
 Print ISBN  978-3-031-24949-5    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-24950-1     

 Premium Partner  

 » zur Fachgebietsseite Business IT + Informatik 

 Bildnachweise  Rittal/© Rittal, NTT Data/© NTT Data, Wildix/© Wildix, Ceyoniq Technology GmbH/© Ceyoniq Technology GmbH, arvato Systems GmbH/© arvato Systems GmbH, Ninox Software GmbH/© Ninox Software GmbH, Everyday Software S.L./© Everyday Software S.L., Redgate/© Redgate, CELONIS Labs GmbH, DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH/© DC-Datacenter-Group GmbH, all for one/© all for one, G Data CyberDefense/© G Data CyberDefense   

 Weitere Formate | Podcasts 
  Webinare Technik 
  Webinare Wirtschaft 
  Kongresse 
  Veranstaltungskalender 
  Awards 
  MyNewsletter 
  Fachgebiete | Automobil + Motoren 
  Bauwesen + Immobilien 
  Business IT + Informatik 
  Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 
  Energie + Nachhaltigkeit 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Führung 
  Marketing + Vertrieb 
  Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe 
  Versicherung + Risiko 
  Bücher 
  Zeitschriften 
  Themenseiten | Organisationspsychologie 
  Projektmanagement 
  Marketing 
  Smart Manufacturing 
  Jetzt Einzelzugang starten 
  Zugang für Unternehmen 
  Referenzkunden 
  Sustainability in Automotive 
   MyNewsletter 

  Über uns:     
  
 In eigener Sache    Das Team    Redaktionelles Leitbild    Hilfe    Referenzen      
 Unsere Produkte:     
  
 Einzelzugang    Zugang für Unternehmen    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Verlag - Bücher    KI-gestützte Suche      
 Rechtliche Informationen:     
  
 Impressum    AGB    Datenschutzerklärung    Cookies    Cookies verwalten    Verträge hier kündigen    Zahlungsarten      
 Weiterführende Links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Mediadaten    Corporate Solutions    Whitepaper    Gabler Wirtschaftslexikon    Gabler Banklexikon    Versicherungsmagazin      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3926.0