About 
  Eligibility 
  Nominations 
  Evaluation 

 About 
  Eligibility 
  Nominations 
  Evaluation 

 IEEE VGTC Virtual Reality Best Dissertation Award  

 About the Award  
 The IEEE VGTC Virtual Reality Best Dissertation Award is presented each year to the author of the most outstanding Ph.D. dissertation, defended during the preceding two calendar years, in the broad areas of virtual and augmented reality. The award is presented at the IEEE VR Conference  , where the winner is also invited to give a short talk about the dissertation work. The award is sponsored by the IEEE Visualization and Graphics Technical Committee (VGTC)  and the IEEE VR Steering Committee.  

 Eligibility  
 Individuals whose dissertations were defended within the two-year window before the submission deadline are eligible. For example, eligible nominees for the 2025 award include the authors of all relevant dissertations defended between January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023.  
   
  Resubmissions of unsuccessful nominations from prior years are welcome, as long as the dissertation defense date remains within the period of eligibility. If the dissertation defense date and the dissertation filing date are sufficiently different as to create ambiguity in determining the appropriate start of the period of eligibility for the dissertation to be considered for this award, the candidate may elect for their work to be classified as belonging to the period they prefer; however once defined this determination cannot be changed, so that no work may be considered more than twice. There is no limit on the number of nominations that can be made for candidates affiliated with any single institution or advisor.  

 Nominations  
 Individuals may nominate themselves, or may be nominated by their academic advisor(s). Nomination materials should be sent by email to the evaluation committee chair, Maud Marchal, and must include all information described here.  

 1. Basic information  
 The title and abstract of the dissertation 
  The name of the candidate 
  The name of the candidate's primary advisor 
  The institution where the dissertation was defended 
  The date of the dissertation defense. 

 2. Additional documents  
 Summary of significance | : A 1-2 page summary of the significance and impact of the dissertation research. 
  Dissertation | : An electronic copy of the full dissertation, or a pointer to where it can be obtained. 
  Letter of recommendation | : One letter of recommendation, up to 2 pages in length, ideally from the candidate's primary advisor. 
  List of publications | : A list of publications produced from the dissertation work. 

 Nomination Deadline for 2025 Award:  
  July 1st  August 31st, 2024  
 Submit a nomination    

 Evaluation  
 All nominations will be carefully reviewed by a committee of experts. Factors that will be considered when choosing the winning entry include: the significance and impact of the scholarly contributions  of the work, and the clarity with which these contributions are communicated  .  

 Past Winners  

 Ravish Mehra  
 2016 award winner  
  UNC Chapel Hill  

 Andrew Maimone  
 2017 award winner  
  UNC Chapel Hill  

 Alexander Kulik  
 2017 award winner  
  Bauhaus University Weimar  

 Sebastian Friston  
 2018 award winner  
  University College London  

 Qi Sun  
 2019 award winner  
  Stony Brook University  

 Misha Sra  
 2020 award winner  
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  

 Mayra Donaji Barrera Machuca  
 2021 award winner  
  Simon Fraser University  

 Nami Ogawa  
 2022 award winner  
  University of Tokyo  

 Praneeth Kumar Chakravarthula  
 2023 award winner  
  University of North Carolina Chapel Hill  

 Dr. André Zenner  
 2024 award winner  
  Saarland University and DFKI  

 Honorable Mention Winners  
 2016 Bireswar Laha, Merwan Achibet  
  2017 Yuta Itoh  
  2018 Richard Skarbez  
  2019 James Baumeister, Mahdi Azmandian  
  2020 Folker Wientapper  
  2021 Javad Fotouhi  
  2022 Katherina Krösl  
  2023 Hugo Brument, Jonathan Sutton  
  2024 Fangcheng Zhong