WABI 2023 
  Menu 
  Back to ACM-BCB 2023 
  Sponsorship 

  Workshop on Algorithms in Bioinformatics (WABI) 2023, September 4-6  
 The Workshop on Algorithms in Bioinformatics (WABI), established in 2001, is one of the major annual conferences on algorithms in bioinformatics.  
 Scope  
 WABI is an international conference covering research in algorithmic work in bioinformatics, computational biology and systems biology. The emphasis is mainly on discrete algorithms and machine-learning methods that address important problems in molecular biology, that are founded on sound models, that are computationally efficient, and that provide evidence of their potential usefulness in practice, preferably by testing on appropriately chosen simulated or real datasets. The goal is to present recent research results, including significant work-in-progress, and to identify and explore directions of future research. This year it is colocated with ACM-BCB 2023  .  
 Important dates  
 Paper submission deadline: | May 4, 2023 
  Paper notification: | June 8, 2023 
  Camera ready: | June 20, 2023 
  Invitations to authors of selected papers for the WABI 2023 series in AMB: | July 12, 2023 
  Poster abstract submission deadline: | July 14, 2023 | (extended) 
  Poster notification: | July 17, 2023 | (extended) 
  Conference: | September 4-6, 2023 
  Extended paper submission deadline (AMB): | October 31, 2023 
  Schedule  
 The workshop schedule is now available for download  .  
 Call for papers/posters  
 Paper submission (closed)  
 Submissions must be formatted in LaTeX using the LIPIcs style  and must not exceed 15 pages excluding references. For details please see the information for authors  . Each paper must contain a succinct statement of the issues and of their motivation, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance, all accessible to non-specialist readers. All submissions must be made online, through the EasyChair submission system, at:  
   
  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wabi2023   
   
  For scientific information, please contact one of the WABI program committee co-chairs, Aïda Ouangraoua (aida.ouangraoua[at]usherbrooke[dot]ca) or Djamal Belazzougui (dbelazzougui[at]cerist[dot]dz). For organizational information, please refer to the ACM-BCB 2023 website  .  
   
  You will need to register on the EasyChair web site before submitting. A standard .pdf file must be received by May 4, 2023  (time zone of your choice) in order for your submission to be considered. Re-submission of already submitted papers will be possible until May 9, 2023  (time zone of your choice). Simultaneous submission to another conference with published proceedings is not permitted, but simultaneous submission to a journal is allowed, provided that the authors notify the program chairs; if published in a journal, such a contribution will be published as a short abstract in the WABI proceedings. Depositing in arxiv.org  or biorxiv.org  is allowed.  
   
  By submitting a paper the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance at least one of the authors must register at ACM-BCB 2023, attend the conference, and present the paper.  
 Accepted papers will be published in WABI proceedings in the LIPIcs Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics  .  
   
  Selected papers will be invited for an extended publication in a thematic series in Algorithms for Molecular Biology (AMB)  .  
 Poster submission (closed)  
 WABI 2023 invites the submission of abstracts of your work for presentation in a poster session. The poster can describe existing published or "in press" research, or can describe new work. Submissions must contain an abstract (about 200 words, plain justified text in 10pt character size, formatted to fit A4: 21 x 29.7 cm, including title, author(s), affiliation, e-mail, a link to the published journal version (if any), and the identity of the presenter (in case of a multi-authored poster), followed by the abstract text. A standard .pdf file must be received by July 14, 2023  (time zone of your choice) in order for your submission to be considered. All submissions must be sent by email to: wabi2023@easychair.org   
 Program committee  
 The PC is co-chaired by Aïda Ouangraoua  and Djamal Belazzougui  . Tatsuya Akutsu, Kyoto University, Japan 
  Jasmijn Baaijens, TU Delft, Netherlands 
  Djamal Belazzougui, CERIST, Algeria (co-chair) 
  Anne Bergeron, Université du Québec à Montréal, Canada 
  Paola Bonizzoni, Universita di Milano-Bicocca, Italy 
  Christina Boucher, University of Florida, USA 
  Marília Braga, Bielefeld University, Germany 
  Cédric Chauve, Simon Fraser University, Canada 
  Rayan Chikhi, CNRS & Institut Pasteur, France 
  Daniel Doerr, University of Duesseldorf, Germany 
  Mohammed El-Kebir, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA 
  Nadia El-Mabrouk, University of Montreal, Canada 
  Anna Gambin, Warsaw University, Poland 
  Bjarni Halldorsson, deCODE genetics and Reykjavik University, Iceland 
  Katharina Huber, University of East Anglia, UK 
  Gregory Kucherov, University of Paris Est, France 
  Manuel Lafond, Université de Sherbrooke, Canada 
  Elodie Laine, Sorbonne Université, France 
  Veli Makinen, University of Helsinki, Finland 
  Erin Molloy, University of Maryland College Park, USA 
  Vincent Moulton, University of East Anglia, UK 
  Francesca Nadalin, EMBL-EBI / ITT, Italy, England 
  Gonzalo Navarro, University of Chile, Chile 
  Aïda Ouangraoua, Université de Sherbrooke, Canada (co-chair) 
    
 Yann Ponty, CNRS & École poly technique, France 
  Teresa Przytycka, NCBI, NIH, USA 
  Nadia Pisanti, University of Pisa, Italy 
  Solon Pissis, CWI Amsterdam, the Netherlands 
  Alberto Policriti, University of Udine, Italy 
  Sven Rahmann, Saarland University, Germany 
  Knut Reinert, FU Berlin, Germany 
  Eric Rivals, LIRMM & Université de Montpellier, France 
  Giovanna Rosone, University of Pisa, Italy 
  Mikaël Salson, Université de Lille, France 
  Alexander Schoenhuth, Bielefeld University, Germany 
  Mingfu Shao, Penn State, US 
  Blerina Sinaimeri, Université Lyon I & INRIA, France 
  Krister Swenson, CNRS & Universite de Montpellier, France 
  Sharma Thankachan, University of Central Florida, USA 
  Alexandru Tomescu, University of Helsinki, Finland 
  Hélène Touzet, CNRS & Université de Lille, France 
  Gianluca Della Vedova, University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy 
  Tomas Vinar, Comenius University, Slovakia 
  Jérôme Waldispühl, McGill University, Canada 
  Tandy Warnow, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA 
  Prudence W.H.Wong, University of Liverpool, UK 
  Michal Ziv-Ukelson, Ben Gurion University of the Negev, Israel 
  Louxin Zhang, National University of Singapore, Singapore 

 Steering committee  
 Vincent Moulton 
  Nadia Pisanti 
  Jens Stoye 
  Mona Singh 
  Keynote speaker  
   Teresa Przytycka  is a Senior Principal Investigator at the National Center for Biotechnology Information in NLM (National Library of Medicine). The research in her group focuses on computational methods advancing the understanding of biomolecular systems and the emergence of complex phenotypes, such as cancer. Her group also develops new computational approaches to study gene regulation including methods to reconstruct Gene Regulatory Networks, single cell analysis, network-based approaches to study mutational processes in cancer and drug response. In addition to genome-wide systems level analysis, her group develops algorithms that help to utilize HT-SELEX technology for the identification of RNA binding motifs and drug design. In 2021 Przytycka was named a Fellow of the International Society for Computational Biology  . She serves as an editor of serval computational biology journals including PloS Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, BMC Algorithms for Molecular Biology, among other journals. She is also a member of the steering committee of Research in Computational Molecular Biology (RECOMB) – one of the most prestigious algorithmic computational biology conferences bridging the areas of computational, mathematical, statistical, and biological sciences.  
 “Delineating relation between mutagenic signatures, cellular processes, and environment through computational approaches“   Cancer genomes accumulate many somatic mutations resulting from carcinogenic exposures, cancer related aberrations of DNA maintenance machinery, and normal stochastic events. These processes often lead to distinctive patterns of mutations, called mutational signatures. However interpreting mutation patterns represented by such signatures is often challenging. This talk will focus on computational methods to elucidate the relations between mutational signatures and cellular and environmental processes developed in my group. In particular, I will discuss computational methods to untangle the contributions of DNA damage and repair processes to mutation signatures and network based approaches to uncover the interactions between mutational signatures and biological processes.  
   
 Highlight talks  
 This year's WABI will for the first time feature highlight talks presenting recently published works which had or are expected to have a high impact in the field. For this edition, we have invited the following two speakers: Christina Boucher    
 Pangenome Alignment via Recursive Prefix-free Parsing 
  Based on two papers, respectively | presented | at DCC 2023 and | published | in Journal of Computational Biolology (2022) 
  Co-authors: Travis Gagie, Ben Langmead, Marco Oliva, Massimiliano Rossi 
  Travis Gagie    
 The r-index and friends 
  Based on a paper | published | in the Journal of the ACM (2020) and subsequent related papers 
  Co-authors: Hideo Bannai, Andrej Baláz, Christina Boucher, Adrián Goga, Simon Heumos, Tomohiro I, Ben Langmead, Giovanni Manzini, Gonzalo Navarro, Marco Oliva, Alessia Petescia, Nicola Prezza, Massimiliano Rossi, Jouni Sirén 
  Accepted papers (in submission order)  
 BATCH-SCAMPP: Scaling phylogenetic placement methods to place many sequences | . Eleanor Wedell, Chengze Shen and Tandy Warnow ( | Full version | ) 
  EMMA: Adding Sequences into a Constraint Alignment with High Accuracy and Scalability | . Chengze Shen, Baqiao Liu, Kelly P. Williams and Tandy Warnow ( | Full version | ) 
  Quartets enable statistically consistent estimation of cell lineage trees under an unbiased error and missingness model | . Yunheng Han and Erin K. Molloy ( | Full version | ) 
  Finding Maximal Exact Matches in Graphs | . Nicola Rizzo, Manuel Cáceres and Veli Mäkinen ( | Full version | ) 
  Bridging Disparate Views on the DCJ-indel model for a Capping-free Solution to the Natural Distance Problem | . Leonard Bohnenkämper 
  Leveraging constraints plus dynamic programming for the large Dollo parsimony problem | . Junyan Dai, Tobias Rubel, Yunheng Han and Erin K. Molloy 
  Compression algorithm for colored de Bruijn graphs | . Amatur Rahman, Yoann Dufresne and Paul Medvedev ( | Full version | ) 
  Revisiting the Complexity of and Algorithms for the Graph Traversal Edit Distance and Its Variants | . Yutong Qiu, Yihang Shen and Carl Kingsford ( | Full version | ) 
  Co-linear Chaining on Pangenome Graphs | . Jyotshna Rajput, Ghanshyam Chandra and Chirag Jain 
  Acceleration of FM-index Queries Through Prefix-free Parsing | . Aaron Hong, Marco Oliva, Dominik Köppl, Hideo Bannai, Christina Boucher and Travis Gagie ( | Full version | ) 
  Making a Network Orchard by Adding Leaves | . Leo van Iersel, Mark Jones, Esther Julien and Yukihiro Murakami 
  Automatic exploration of the natural variability of RNA non-canonical geometric patterns with a parameterized sampling technique | . Théo Boury, Yann Ponty and Vladimir Reinharz ( | Full version | ) 
  Exact Sketch-Based Read Mapping | . Tizian Schulz and Paul Medvedev 
  Fulgor: A fast and compact k-mer index for large-scale matching and color queries | . Jason Fan, Noor Pratap Singh, Jamshed Khan, Giulio Ermanno Pibiri and Robert Patro ( | Full version | ) 
  Fractional Hitting Sets for Efficient and Lightweight Genomic Data Sketching | . Timothé Rouzé, Igor Martayan, Camille Marchet and Antoine Limasset 
  Inferring Temporally Consistent Migration Histories | . Mrinmoy Saha Roddur, Sagi Snir and Mohammed El-Kebir 
  Simultaneous reconstruction of duplication episodes and gene-species mappings | . Paweł Górecki, Natalia Rutecka, Agnieszka Mykowiecka and Jarosław Paszek 
  Balancing Minimum Free Energy and Codon Adaptation Index for Pareto Optimal RNA Design | . Xinyu Gu, Yuanyuan Qi and Mohammed El-Kebir 
  Optimal Subtree Prune and Regraft for Quartet Score in Sub-quadratic Time | . Shayesteh Arasti and Siavash Mirarab 
  SparseRNAFolD: Sparse RNA pseudoknot-free Folding including Dangles | . Mateo Gray, Sebastian Will and Hosna Jabbari ( | Full version | ) 
  Fast, Parallel and Cache-friendly Suffix Array Construction | . Jamshed Khan, Tobias Rubel, Laxman Dhulipala, Erin K. Molloy and Robert Patro 
  Reinforcement Learning for Robotic Liquid Handler Planning | . Mohsen Ferdosi, Yuejun Ge and Carl Kingsford 
  Accepted posters  
 Application of Metaheuristic Algorithms for Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic Parameter Estimation  . Shyam Sundar Das and Pritish Ranjan 
  Literature-based Drug Repurposing using Medical Subject Headings terms and Clustering Algorithms  . Shyam Sundar Das and Pritish Ranjan 
  A Markov constraint to uniquely identify elementary flux mode weights in unimolecular metabolic networks | . Justin G. Chitpin and Theodore J. Perkins 
  Orienting undirected phylogenetic networks to tree-child networks | . Shunsuke Maeda, Yusuke Kaneko, Hideaki Muramatsu, Yukihiro Murakami and Momoko Hayamizu 
  Using Ctrl-F to Find Transcription Factor Binding Sites Across Wide Affinity Ranges | . Zachery Mielko and Raluca Gordân 
  GEGEE: A pretrained Graph Encoder for Generalized Genomic Embeddings | . Ghulam Murtaza, Justin Wagner, Justin Zook and Ritambhara Singh 
  Verkko’s approaches for one-button T2T resolution for diploid human-sized genomes | . Dmitry Antipov, Adam Phillippy and Sergey Koren 
  Sa-TTCA: An SVM-based Approach for Tumor T-Cell Antigen Classification Using Features Extracted from Biological Sequencing and Natural Language Processing | . Thi-Oanh Tran and Nguyen Quoc Khanh Le 
  EMMA: Adding Sequences into a Constraint Alignment with High Accuracy and Scalability | . Chengze Shen, Baqiao Liu, Kelly P. Williams and Tandy Warnow 
  Towards a Computational Approach to Quantification of Allele Specific Expression at Population Level | . Roberto Pagliarini, Fabio Marroni, Giovanni Gabelli, Gabriele Magris, Gabriele Di Gaspero, Carla Piazza, Michele Morgante and Alberto Policriti 
  Sorting Strings by Flanked Block-Interchanges | . Tiantian Li, Haitao Jiang, Binhai Zhu, Lusheng Wang and Daming Zhu 
  Transcript Assembly and Annotations. Bias and Adjustment | . Qimin Zhang and Mingfu Shao 
  Inferring Temporally Consistent Migration Histories | . Mrinmoy Saha Roddur, Sagi Snir and Mohammed El-Kebir