Skip to main content      Main navigation  
 Home 
  Organizers 
  Submissions 
  Program 
  Sponsors 
  Attend 
  Jobs 

  CALL FOR WORKSHOP PROPOSALS   

 We invite workshop proposals for the 2023 IEEE Winter Conference of Applications on Computer Vision (WACV 2023). WACV 2023 is planned as an in-person conference with associated in-person workshops in Waikoloa, Hawaii, January 3-7, 2023. However, proposals for purely virtual workshops will also be considered.  
 The workshop proposals should focus on topics related to computer vision and its applications, interdisciplinary themes with other scientific and application areas, as well as emerging challenges or competitions. The format, style, and content of accepted workshops are under the control of the workshop organizers and largely autonomous from the main conference. Workshop organizers are expected to manage their technical programs, invite experts in the domain, and maintain a website for the workshop. Workshop registration and logistics will be handled by the main conference.  
 We encourage workshop proposals aimed at creating or strengthening communities.  
 Accepted workshops will be held on either 3 January 2023 or 7 January 2023. The workshop paper submission, review, acceptance notification, and final manuscript submission should all be handled between 10 October 2022 (tentative deadline for submission of workshop papers) and 19 November 2022 (firm camera-ready workshop paper due date).  
 Conference website: https://wacv2023.thecvf.com/   
  
 Submission Instructions   
 Proposals should clearly specify/discuss the following:  
 Workshop title, topic and tentative call for papers 
  Motivation, impact, and expected outcomes 
  Brief bios of organizers (including email and web pages) 
  Tentative program committee 
  Format (select either half or full day) and preliminary schedule 
  Type of workshop, i.e., in-person or virtual (the latter requires a short justification) 
  Tentative invited speakers 
  Estimated number of submissions and attendees 
  Plans (if any) for a special journal issue or book 
  Social impact of the workshop 
   
 Workshop proposals should be submitted in the form of a single PDF through CMT: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/WACVworkshops2023  .  
 Proposals will be evaluated by the workshop chairs and conference organizers, with an eye towards selecting high-quality workshops on a diverse set of topics that will inform and inspire the community.  
  
 Diversity, equity and inclusion   
 We especially encourage proposals involving diverse organizing teams and communities currently under-represented at WACV. We also welcome workshop topics that address issues in Diversity, Equity and Inclusion in Computer Vision applications.  
  
 Contact and Queries   
 For questions and concerns, please contact  
 Adam Czajka ( aczajka@nd.edu  ) and Vitomir Štruc ( vitomir.struc@fe.uni-lj.si  )  
 Workshops Co-Chairs WACV 2023  
  
 Important Dates   
 Workshop proposal deadline: August 8, 2022  
 Workshop acceptance notification: August 15, 2022  
 Workshop dates: 3 January or 7 January 2023  
  
 Submission  
 https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/WACVworkshops2023