An official website of the United States government  
 Here's how you know  
   
 Here's how you know     
   
  Official websites use .gov   
  A .gov  website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.  

  Secure .gov websites use HTTPS.   
  A lock  ( Lock  Locked padlock     ) or https://  means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.  

 Search   Menu    

   Search    search      

 Find Funding & Apply | Where to Start   For All Researchers & Educators 
  For Early-Career Researchers 
  For Postdoctoral Fellows 
  For Graduate Students 
  For Undergraduates 
  For Entrepreneurs 
  For Industry 
   Explore Funding   Search All Opportunities 
  By Directorate 
  By Upcoming Due Date 
  NSF-wide Initiatives 
  Search Funded Projects (Awards) 
   How to Apply   Preparing Your Proposal 
  Submitting Your Proposal 
  How We Make Funding Decisions 
  Proposal & Award Policies & Procedures Guide (PAPPG) 
   Additional Resources   Research.gov 
  Grants.gov 
  Baam.nsf.gov 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  Manage Your Award | Guidance For Awardees   Getting Started 
  Request a Change to Your Award 
  Report Your Outcomes 
  Proposal & Award Policies & Procedures Guide (PAPPG) 
   Additional Resources   Research.gov 
  NSF Public Access Repository (PAR) 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  Search Funded Projects (Awards) 
  Focus Areas | Areas We Fund   Arctic & Antarctic 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biology 
  Chemistry 
  Computing 
  Diversity in STEM 
  Earth & Environment 
  Education & Training 
  Engineering 
  Facilities & Infrastructure 
  Materials Research 
  Mathematics 
  People & Society 
  Physics 
  Research Partnerships 
  Technology 
  Explore all Focus Areas 
   Additional Resources   Explore Our Impacts 
  Search Funded Projects (Awards) 
  NSF by the Numbers 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  News & Events | News   News & Announcements 
  Science Matters Blog 
  Multimedia Gallery 
  For the Press 
   Events   Upcoming Events 
  NSF 75th Anniversary 
  NSF Grants Conference 
  About | Learn About NSF   Overview 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  NSF & Congress 
  Honorary Awards 
  Visit NSF 
  Contact Us 
   Work With NSF   Careers at NSF 
  Contracting With NSF 
  Partnering With NSF 
   Additional Resources   National Science Board 
  National Center for Science & Engineering Statistics (NCSES) 
  Documents & Reports 
  Budget, Performance & Financial Reporting 
  Staff Directory 

 Awards 
   Search Awards 
   Recent Awards 
   Presidential and Honorary Awards 
   About Awards 
  How to Manage Your Award 
  Grant General Conditions 
   Cooperative Agreement Conditions 
   Special Conditions 
   Federal Demonstration Partnership 
   Policy Office Website 

 Award Abstract # 2011778    
 The 14th International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR'20) Student Travel Awards    

 NSF Org: | IIS   
  Div Of Information & Intelligent Systems 
 Recipient: | TEXAS A&M ENGINEERING EXPERIMENT STATION 
 Initial Amendment Date: | January 23, 2020 
 Latest Amendment Date: | January 23, 2020 
 Award Number: | 2011778 
 Award Instrument: | Standard Grant 
 Program Manager: | Juan Wachs   
  IIS  Div Of Information & Intelligent Systems   
  CSE  Direct For Computer & Info Scie & Enginr 
 Start Date: | May 1, 2020 
 End Date: | April 30, 2023 (Estimated) 
 Total Intended Award Amount: | $15,000.00 
 Total Awarded Amount to Date: | $15,000.00 
 Funds Obligated to Date: | FY 2020 = $15,000.00 
 History of Investigator: | Dylan | Shell | (Principal Investigator)  
   dshell@cs.tamu.edu 
 Recipient Sponsored Research Office: | Texas A&M Engineering Experiment Station  
   3124 TAMU  
   COLLEGE STATION  
   TX  US  77843-3124   
  (979)862-6777 
 Sponsor Congressional District: | 10 
 Primary Place of Performance: | Texas A&M Engineering Experiment Station  
   HRBB 330C  
   College Station  
   TX  US  77845-3112 
 Primary Place of Performance  
  Congressional District: | 10 
 Unique Entity Identifier (UEI): | QD1MX6N5YTN4 
 Parent UEI: | QD1MX6N5YTN4 
 NSF Program(s): | Robust Intelligence 
 Primary Program Source: | 01002021DB NSF RESEARCH & RELATED ACTIVIT 
 Program Reference Code(s): | 7495,   7556 
 Program Element Code(s): | 749500 
 Award Agency Code: | 4900 
 Fund Agency Code: | 4900 
 Assistance Listing Number(s): | 47.070 

  ABSTRACT   
    
  The award will support student attendance of the three-day single-track Fourteenth International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR), along with mentoring activities associated with the event. The conference will be held in Oulu, Finland, between June 15th and June 17th in 2020 at the Sokos Hotel Eden, two miles from the city center of Oulu and the supporting local institution the University of Oulu. The funds will be used to provide financial support to help approximately 15 U.S. students to attend the WAFR 2020, helping to ensure good representation of students from U.S. institutions at this leading research venue. Participation in the conference will boost motivation and excitement for graduate students and advanced undergraduate students as they continue their research journey into the foundational aspects of robotics.  
   
  The purpose of this grant for student travel to enable U.S. students, who otherwise might be unable to attend the WAFR conference, to present their work and forge connections with colleagues from around the world. In addition to paper presentations, the event will feature 3?5 keynote presentations by influential and internationally renowned roboticists. These presentations will provide succinct, first-hand information on historical perspectives, current state-of-the-art, and future trends of robotic planning, optimization and control, computational geometry and algorithms. With a long-established history, in the past WAFR has been among the best venues to focus on fundamental computer science topics and technical questions which underpin robotics, being known as the place where several foundational breakthroughs were presented in the past. In particular, themes covered by WAFR submissions and presentations previously have addressed fundamental algorithmic issues, such as complexity, completeness, machine learning, and probabilistic reasoning. Work has also been presented with applicability to manufacturing, legged locomotion, distributed robotics, human-robot interaction, surgical robots, and intelligent prosthetics, and even domains beyond the traditional scope of robotics, e.g., computational biology, computer animation, sensor networks. These match NSF's robotics priorities very closely.  
   
  This award reflects NSF's statutory mission and has been deemed worthy of support through evaluation using the Foundation's intellectual merit and broader impacts review criteria.   
 PROJECT OUTCOMES REPORT   

 Disclaimer   
 This Project Outcomes Report for the General Public is displayed verbatim as submitted by the Principal Investigator (PI) for this award. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this Report are those of the PI and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation; NSF has not approved or endorsed its content.  

 This award provided funds in order to support travel of US-based graduate students to the 1 4th International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR'20), originally planned to be held in Oulu, Finland.  Already having had a long andillustrious existence, WAFR has historically been among the best venues to focus on fundamental computer sciencetopics and technical questions which underpin robotics, being known as the place where several foundationalbreakthroughs were presented in the past. In particular, themes covered by WAFR submissions and presentationspreviously have addressed fundamental algorithmic issues, such as complexity, completeness, machine learning, andprobabilistic reasoning. Work has also been presented with applicability to manufacturing, legged locomotion, distributedrobotics, human-robot interaction, surgical robots, and intelligent prosthetics, and even domains beyond the traditionalscope of robotics, e.g., computational biology, computer animation, sensor networks.  
 Unfortunately, the COVID-19 pandemic led to the cancellation of international travel and hence the event was postponed. Later, a small virtual was held on the 29 March 2021 instead. As no funds had been expended up this point, we were able to put that money toward support of travel the following event, WAFR'22 held at the University of Maryland June 22-24, 2022. As students were, thus, travelling to College Park, Maryland, the funds were able to support a greater number of participants than originally planned. A public announcment was made (via a community e-mail list) and, i   n the end, a total of 23 students were identified as meeting the constraints. These students had some portion of the costs (a median of amound of $651) of their travel offset by the NSF.  

  Last Modified: 12/21/2023  
  Modified by: Dylan A Shell  

  Please report errors in award information by writing to: awardsearch@nsf.gov  .  

  Top    

 2415 Eisenhower Ave Alexandria, VA 22314   
 (703) 292-5111    
     Sign up for email updates   

 Footer  
 About Us | About NSF 
  Careers 
  Our Directorates & Offices 
  National Science Board 
  Contact Us 
  What's New | News & Announcements 
  Events 
  Science Matters Blog 
  Multimedia Gallery 
  Information For | Funding Seekers 
  NSF Awardees 
  Congress 
  Media 
  Educators 
  Panelists 
  Resources | Documents & Reports 
  Budget, Performance & Financial Reporting 
  Public Access 
  Stopping Harassment 
  Research Security 
  Scientific Integrity 
  Research.gov 

 Required Policy Links  
 Vulnerability disclosure 
  Inspector General 
  Privacy 
  FOIA 
  No FEAR Act 
  USA.gov 
  Accessibility 
  Plain language