Menu   Updates 
  Program 
  Travel & Local Information 
  Keynotes 
  Committee 

 WAFR 2022  

 The 15th International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics will be held on June 22-24, 2022 at the University of Maryland, College Park  
   
  Registration   Live Streaming    
  
 News & Updates  

 Springer Book Copyright Form is available online | here | for authors. 
  To attend the talks virtually, you can either register for the Zoom meeting using this | link | or follow along on the | WAFR YouTube channel | . 
  The conference banquet will take place at the Smithsonian Castle in Washington DC! Details are posted on the | program page | . 
  The program and the list of accepted papers has been posted! 
  We are pleased to offer, via generous support from NSF, a limited number of travel grants for students at US institutions. More information on | this page | . 
  Registration page | is now active. Early registration ends on May 15. 
  Paper decisions are out! 
  Due to multiple requests, the organizing committee has decided to make an | extension of the final submission deadline to Monday, February 14 | , at the end of day (AOE time). This is intended to allow authors who have submitted abstracts more time to improve the quality of their manuscripts. Nevertheless, | new abstract submissions will also be allowed through EasyChair until Friday, February 4 | , at the end of day (AOE time). 
  The | submission site | is now active. 
  Because of the continuing uncertainty about the feasibility of international travel in the future, the location for WAFR 2022 has been changed to the | University of Maryland, College Park | . This change of venue is intended to maximize the probability of a successful in-person meeting in Summer 2022. Remote participation options will be made available for authors of accepted papers that cannot participate in person. The submission timeline remains unchanged. 
  The call for papers is out! 

 Contribute  

 The Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR) is a biannual multi-disciplinary single-track meeting of international researchers presenting the latest advances on algorithmic problems in robotics. Since its inception in 1994, WAFR has established a reputation as a premier venue for presenting algorithmic work related to robotics.  
 The focus of WAFR is on the design and analysis of robot algorithms from both theoretical and practical angles. The design and analysis of algorithms and foundations of robotics raise unique questions in a variety of traditional and new fields including but not limited to:  

 Control theory and optimization, 
  Computational geometry and topology, 
  Motion planning, 
  Planning and reasoning under uncertainty, 
  Randomized and sampling-based algorithms, 
  Decision theory and game theory, 
  Sensing and perception, 

 Machine learning, including supervised and unsupervised learning, reinforcement learning, representation learning, imitation learning, 
  Algorithmic approaches to human-robot interaction, and 
  Theoretical computer science. 

 In addition to these topics, we also encourage papers on applications of robot algorithms to important or new domains, such as:  

 Manufacturing, 
  Assistive and service robots, 
  Legged locomotion, 
  Surgical robots, 
  Intelligent prosthetics, 
  Multi-agent and transportation networks, 
    
 Computational biology, 
  Graphics and animation, 
  Sensor networks, 
  Brain-controlled robots, and 
  others. 

 The workshop proceedings will be published in the Springer Proceedings in Advanced Robotics (SPAR)  series.  

 Manuscript preparation  
 Manuscripts should be prepared using the Springer conference proceedings format. You can download the LaTeX and MS Word style/template files here  .  
 Submissions should not exceed 16 pages (including references) in this format.  
 Supplementary material  
 In the submissions before the conference, supplementary material (appendices with supportive proofs or multimedia files) can be submitted together with the main manuscript. While encouraged, the program committee members are not required to check the supplementary material in order to prepare their comments. No supplementary material will be included in the book.  
   
  Paper Submission    

 Important Dates  

 Abstract submission deadline | February 1  February 4, 2022 (AoE) 
 Paper submission deadline | February 7  February 14, 2022 (AoE) 
 Notification of acceptance | March 31, 2022 
 Conference | June 22-24, 2022 

 Venue  

 The D.C.-Maryland-Virginia (DMV) metropolitan area is without question one of the must-see visitor destinations in the United States. The University of Maryland -- only nine miles from the U.S. Capitol in D.C. -- is centrally located to all the region has to offer. The town of College Park has interesting historical sights, restaurants, businesses, and recreation areas. It is home to a wide variety of businesses from major retail outlets to locally owned unique businesses, recreation options, swimming pools, bowling alley, tennis complex, golf courses, nature trails, lake Artemisia, and a Smithsonian-affiliated aviation museum with the oldest continuously operated airport where the Wright brothers established their first commercial flight training operations. College Park also has many options for enjoying the arts with the UMD Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center with a variety of world-class performances on campus.  
 Washington, D.C., with its many monuments, museums, famous federal buildings, cultural attractions and world-class dining, is nearly inexhaustible. Everything is easily accessible from the University of Maryland’s Green Line station on the regional Metro subway system. Possibilities include the Lincoln Memorial, Jefferson Memorial, Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the Washington Monument, the White House, the U.S. Capitol, the Supreme Court and more. Here too are the many free museums associated with the Smithsonian Institution, including the National Gallery of Art, the Air and Space Museum, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, the National Museum of the American Indian, the National Zoo and its pandas.  
   
  Brendan Iribe Center for Computer Science and Engineering  

  McKeldin Mall on campus  

  DMV metropolitan area  

 Keynote Speakers  

  Oliver Brock   

  Hadas Kress-Gazit   

  Russ Tedrake   

 Co-Chairs  

 Steve LaValle | , University of Oulu, steven.lavalle@oulu.fi 
  Jason M. O'Kane | , University of South Carolina, jokane@cse.sc.edu 
  Michael Otte | , University of Maryland, otte@umd.edu 
  Dorsa Sadigh | , Stanford University, dorsa@cs.stanford.edu 
  Pratap Tokekar | , University of Maryland, tokekar@umd.edu 

 Program Committee  

 Ian Abraham, Yale University 
  Pulkit Agrawal, MIT 
  Nancy M. Amato, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
  Israel Becerra, Centro de Investigación en Matemáticas (CIMAT) 
  Kostas Bekris, Rutgers University 
  Dmitry Berenson, University of Michigan 
  Leonardo Bobadilla, Florida International University 
  Stefano Carpin, University of California 
  Nilanjan Chakraborty, Stony Brook University 
  Suman Chakravorty, Texas A&M University 
  Sonia Chernova, Georgia Institute of Technology 
  Greg Chirikjian, National University of Singapore 
  Howie Choset, Carnegie Mellon University 
  Philip Dames, Temple University 
  Neil Dantam, Colorado School of Mines 
  Jory Denny, University of Richmond 
  Mehmet R Dogar, University of Leeds 
  Katherine Driggs-Campbell, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
  Chinwe Ekenna, University at Albany 
  Brendan Englot, Stevens Institute of Technology 
  Esra Erdem, Sabanci University 
  Claudia Esteves, Departamento de Matemáticas. Universidad de Guanajuato 
  Jie Gao, Rutgers University 
  Abhishek Gupta, University of Washington 
  Dylan Hadfield-Menell, Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
  Dan Halperin, Tel Aviv University 
  David Held, Carnegie Mellon University 
  Seth Hutchinson, Georgia Institute of Technology 
  Volkan Isler, University of Minnesota 
  Marcelo Kallmann, University of California, Merced 
  Lydia Kavraki, Rice University 
  Sven Koenig, University of Southern California 
  Hadas Kress-Gazit, Cornell University 
  Alan Kuntz, University of Utah 
  Hanna Kurniawati, The Australian National University 
  John Leonard, Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
  Maxim Likhachev, Carnegie Mellon University 
  Dylan Losey, Virginia Tech 
  Tomas Lozano-Perez, Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
  Zach Manchester, Carnegie Mellon University 
  Negar Mehr, University of Illinois Urbana Champaign 
  Bhubaneswar Mishra, New York University 
  Marco Morales, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México 
  Todd Murphey, Northwestern University 
  Rafael Murrieta, Centro de Investigación en Matemáticas (CIMAT) 
  Songhwai Oh, Seoul National University 
  Jia Pan, The University of Hong Kong 
  Marco Pavone, Stanford University and NVIDIA 
  Alyssa Pierson, Boston University 
  Valentin Polishchuk, Linkoping University 
  Elon Rimon, Technion 
  Nicholas Roy, Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
  Basak Sakcak, University of Oulu 
  Oren Salzman, Technion 
  Dylan Shell, Texas A&M University 
  Thierry Simeon, LAAS 
  Stephen L. Smith, University of Waterloo 
  Kiril Solovey, Technion--Israel Institute of Technology 
  Dezhen Song, Texas A&M University 
  Nicholas Stiffler, University of Dayton 
  Cynthia Sung, University of Pennsylvania 
  Subhash Suri, University of California, Santa Barbara 
  Frank van der Stappen, Utrecht University 
  Chee Yap, New York University 
  Sung-Eui Yoon, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology 
  Jingjin Yu, Rutgers University at New Brunswick 
  Liangjun Zhang, Baidu Research 

 Previous WAFRs  

  WAFR 2020, Virtual   
  WAFR 2018, Merida, Mexico   
  WAFR 2016, San Francisco, USA   
  WAFR 2014, Istanbul, Turkey   
  WAFR 2012, Cambridge, MA, USA   
  WAFR 2010, Singapore   
  WAFR 2008, Guanajuato, México   
  WAFR 2006, New York City, USA   
  WAFR 2004, Zeist, The Netherlands   
  WAFR 2002, Nice, France   
  WAFR 2000, Hanover, NH, USA   
  WAFR 1998, Houston, TX, USA   
  WAFR 1996, Toulouse, France   
  WAFR 1994, Stanford, CA, USA    

 Follow us