Workshop on Computer Architecture Education    
  Held in conjunction with the 
 50th International Symposium on Computer Architecture     
 Orlando, Florida, 17 June 2023 |  
 Final program     
   
  Submit your paper here  .   
  Submissions are due on Monday, 22 May 2023    
    Web sites of past WCAEs 
  
   Theme    
 WCAE provides a forum for educators in computer architecture to discuss and share their experiences and teaching philosophy. Past WCAEs have been held in conjunction with HPCA, ISCA, and Micro. Over 220 papers on computer architecture education have been presented at the workshop since its inception in 1995. Participants will come away from the workshop with new ideas on delivering courses in computer architecture. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following.  
 Topics of interest    
  
 Approaches to introductory courses 
  Advanced courses 
  Online resources 
  Resources for "flipped" classes 
  Materials for active learning 
  Lecture vs. hybrid vs. flipped classes 
  Lab support for distance education 
  Textbook development 
  Critical evaluation of textbook approaches 
  Metrics for evaluating learning gains 
  Tools and techniques for autograding non-programming assignments 
  Integration of research into teaching 
  Industrial support for teaching | Resources & techniques for teaching ... | quantum architecture & programming 
  GPU architecture & programming 
  multicore/many-core issues 
  comp. arch. concepts with FPGAs 
  architectural & software issues specific to embedded systems 
  Hardware tools 
  Simulators and other software tools 
  Prototyping 
  Visualization aids 
  Encouraging undergraduate research 
  Encouraging students to pursue a Ph.D. 
  Broadening participation in computer architecture 
  
  For an idea of what we have published in the past, see the WCAE archive  , made possible with funding from the SIGCSE Special Projects fund. More recent papers are in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Submission of contributions    
 Authors should submit a full paper (not to exceed 8 pages) via EasyChair  ), following the ACM proceedings templates  .  

 Organizer    
  Ed Gehringer    
  e-mail: efg@ncsu.edu   
   
  Department of Computer Science  
  Dept. of Electrical and Computer Engineering  
  North Carolina State University  
  Box 8206  
  Raleigh, NC 27695-8206  
  +1 919 515-2066 |  

 Industry Participation    
 We encourage participation by book publishers, computer manufacturers, software vendors, or companies which develop or market products used in the delivery of computer architecture education. Any company interested in participating in the workshop should contact the organizer at the address above.  
 Important Dates    
 Early-decision dates are for those who want a decision to be rendered before the conference's early registration deadline.  
 Early-Decision Due Date: Monday, May 1, 2023    
  Early Author Notification Wednesday, May 10, 2023    
  Regular Due Date: Monday, May 22, 2023    
  Author Notification: Friday, June 2, 2023    
  Final Paper Due Date: Friday, June 9, 2023    
 Copies of papers presented at the workshop will be made available through IEEE Xplore  
  
 Program Committee    
  João M. P. Cardoso, University of Porto  
  Jim Conrad, University of North Carolina-Charlotte  
  Henry Duwe, Iowa State University  
  Xinfei Guo, University of Virginia  
  Sarah Harris, University of Nevada-Las Vegas  
  Byunghyun Jang, University of Mississippi  
  Dave Kaeli, Northeastern University  
  Zachary Kurmas, Grand Valley State University  
  Yale Patt, University of Texas  
  Cristina Silvano, Politecnico di Milano  
    
 Updated on 17 April 2023