Skip to main content    
       
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE Wireless Communications and Networking Conference   
 26–29 March 2023 // Glasgow, Scotland, UK   
 Wireless Communications for Social Innovation   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Authors | Call for Workshop Papers 
  Final Paper Submission 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Program | Program-at-a-Glance 
  Technical Program Schedule 
  Pre-Recorded Presentations 
  Keynotes 
  Industry Program 
  Technical Panels 
  Women In Smart Communications 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  WCNC 2023 Training 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Special Events 
  Registration | Registration Policy 
  Transfer/Substitution Policy 
  Student Travel Grants 
  Event Conduct 
  Hotel / Travel | Travel Information 
  Local Attractions 
  Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  The 1st Annual IEEE Communications Society Demonstration Conference  
 News and Announcements  
 Technical Program Has Been Posted      
 The WCNC 2023 techncial program has been posted. Click here  to view the schedule.  

 Women in Smart Communications event added!      

 Workshop Submissions Extended     
 With the New Year holiday, workshop deadlines have been extended: WS-01, WS-03 and WS-10 until Friday 6 January, WS-02, WS-04, WS-05, WS-06, WS-08 and WS-11 until 13 January and WS-09 until 16 January. Workshop review teams are primed to work quickly to turn round decisions. Notifications will go out by 24 January and final papers must be uploaded to IEEE Conference eXpress Publishing by 31 January to appear in the proceedings.  

 Workshop Submissions are Open!     
 Submissions to WCNC2023's eleven workshops are now open. Full details can be found here   

 Final Paper Submission Open     
 Final paper submission has now begun on IEEE Conference Express. After you have registered, follow the instructions here to upload your paper https://ieeeexpressconferencepublishing.ieee.org/confid/author-instructions-for-wcnc-2023/  using conference id: wcnc23 Do NOT submit your final manuscript to EDAS  . Only papers uploaded to Conference Express will be published.  

 Registration is now open!      

 WCNC Tutorials Announced     
 Twelve tutorials have been selected for presentation at WCNC2023 from a total of 37 submissions.Most tutorials will be held on Sunday 26 March 2023, but two further tutorials related to workshop topics will be held on the morning of Wednesday 29 March. Full details can be found on the Tutorials Page  .  

 Call for Papers Deadline Extended     
 The deadline for submissions to the main conference has been extended to 30 September 2022. Submit via EDAS to one of the following four tracks:  
 Track 1. Physical Layer and Communication Theory 
  Track 2. Networking and MAC 
  Track 3. Machine Learning and Optimization for Wireless Systems 
  Track 4. Emerging Technologies, Standards, and Applications 
  Workshop and tutorial proposals are also invited by 1 November 2022.  

 Submissions are Open!     
 Submissions are now open for WCNC2023 in Glasgow on the EDAS platform!  
 Submit to one of the following four tracks  
 Track 1. Physical Layer and Communication Theory 
  Track 2. Networking and MAC 
  Track 3. Machine Learning and Optimization for Wireless Systems 
  Track 4. Emerging Technologies, Standards, and Applications 

 WCNC2023 @ WCNC2022     
 Welcome to WCNC2023 in Glasgow! Come and visit our stand in the WCNC2022 Exhibit Hall to pick up a People Make Glasgow luggage tag for your trip to Glasgow next year.  

 Important Dates  
 Workshop Papers Due:   
  6 - 13 January 2023   
 Final Camera-Ready Papers Due:   
  15 January 2023   
 Workshop Paper Notifications:   
  24 January 2023   
 Workshop Camera-Ready Papers:   
  31 January 2023   

 Patrons  
     
 Gold   

 Bronze   

 Exhibitor   

 Supporter   

 Supporters  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies