Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 WEBIST 2023 will be held in conjunction with icSPORTS 2023    , CHIRA 2023    , IJCCI 2023    and IC3K 2023    .   
  Registration to WEBIST allows free access to the icSPORTS, CHIRA, IJCCI and IC3K conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The purpose of the International Conference on Web Information Systems and Technologies (WEBIST) is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested in the technological advances and business applications of web-based information systems. The conference has four main tracks, covering different aspects of Web Information Systems, namely Internet Technology, Web Intelligence and Semantic Web, Social Network Analytics, HCI in Mobile Systems and Web Interfaces.  
   
  WEBIST focuses on real world applications; therefore authors should highlight the benefits of Web Information Systems and Technologies for industry and services, in addition to academic applications. Ideas on how to solve business problems using web-based information systems and technologies, will be discussed at the conference.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Internet Technology   
  
  2  .  Web Intelligence and Semantic Web   
  
  3  .  Social Network Analytics   
  
  4  .  HCI in Mobile Systems and Web Interfaces   

  Conference Chair    
 Massimo Marchiori  ,  University of Padua, Italy   

 PROGRAM CHAIR    
 Francisco García Peñalvo  ,  Salamanca University, Spain   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Christian Bizer  ,  University of Mannheim, Germany   
  Yannis Manolopoulos  ,  School of Pure and Applied Sciences, Open University of Cyprus, Cyprus   
  Dimitris Kiritsis  ,  EPFL, Switzerland   

 Special Sessions   
 Data Mining and Machine Learning Applications for Cyber Security - DMMLACS   
  Chairs:  Alaa Mohasseb and Benjamin Aziz  

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with Springer  
  in a LNBIP Series book   

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC