The 22nd IEEE/WIC WI-IAT 2023                Toggle navigation        
    
 Home 
  Participants | Registration 
  Paper Submission 
  Visa Application 
  Venue & Accomodation 
  Programs | Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Workshops / Special Sessions 
  Awards 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop and Special Session Proposals 
  Tracks and Topics 
  Organizations | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Sponsors 

 The 22nd IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology  
 WI = Artificial Intelligence in the Connected World   

  October 26-29, 2023, Venice, Italy   
   
  A Hybrid Conference with both Online  and Offline  Modes    

 * BOOK: WI-IAT 2023 Conference Proceedings *    

  * WI-IAT 2023 Awards * 

  Watch Video on YouTube  or HERE  .    

   About the Conference  
 The 2023 IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT'23) provides a premier international forum to bring together researchers and practitioners from diverse fields for presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative and practical development experiences on Web intelligence and intelligent agent technology research and applications.   
  
 The first international conference of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT'01) was held in Maebashi Japan, 2001. Then, it followed by WI-IAT'03 in Halifax, Canada, WI-IAT'04 in Beijing, China, WI-IAT'05 in Compiegne, France, WI- IAT '06 in Hong Kong, WI-IAT'07 in Silicon Valley, USA, WI-IAT'08 in Sydney, Australia, WI-IAT'09 in Milano Italy, WI-IAT'10 in Toronto, Canada, WI-IAT'11 in Lyon, France, WI-IAT'12 in Macau, China, WI-IAT'13 in Atlanta, USA, WI-IAT'14 in Warsaw, Poland, and WI-IAT'15 in Singapore. The goal of WI-IAT conferences is to provide a global forum for scientists, engineers and educators to present the latest WI-IAT technologies discuss how to develop future intelligent systems for complex applications. After these years, in 2016, WI-IAT conferences have been merged as one brand (WI'16 in Omaha, USA, WI'17 in Leipzig, Germany, WI'18 in Santiago de Chile, and WI'19 in Thessaloniki, Greece) by redefining and vitalizing the WI aims and topics. In recognition of the strong connection of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology, the classic brand of WI-IAT was resumed in 2020. After the great successful online WI-IAT'20, hybrid WI-IAT'21 and WI-IAT'22 during the global pandemic, WI-IAT'23 will be held in Venice, Italy, and once again, in the hybrid mode.   
  
 Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT) aims to achieve a multi-disciplinary balance between research advances in theories and methods usually associated with collective intelligence, data science, human-centric computing, knowledge management, network science, autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. It is committed to addressing research that both deepen the understanding of computational, logical, cognitive, physical, and social foundations of the future Web, and enable the development and application of intelligent technologies. WI-IAT'23 provides a premier forum and features high-quality, original research papers and real-world applications in all theoretical and technology areas that make up the field of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology. WI-IAT'23 welcomes research, application as well as Industry/Demo paper submissions. Tutorial, Workshop and Special-Session proposals and papers are also welcome. WI-IAT'23 in Venice (Italy) is officially sponsored by IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Intelligent Informatics (TCII) and Web Intelligence Consortium (WIC).   
  
 WI-IAT'23 will provide a broad forum that academia professionals and industry people can exchange their ideas, findings and strategies in deepening the understanding of all Web's entities, phenomena, and developments in utilizing the power of human brains and man-made networks to create a better world. More specifically, the fields of how artificial intelligence is impacting the Web of People, the Web of Data, the Web of Things, the Web of Trust, the Web of Agents, the Web of Everything, and emerging FAccT in WI-IAT. Therefore, “Web Intelligence = AI in the Connected World”.   

  Main Topics and Areas   
 The WI-IAT'23 solicits high-quality original research. Relevant topics include but are not limited to:   

 Track 1: Web of People 

 Track 2: Web of Data 

 Track 3: Web of Things 

 Track 4: Web of Trust 

 Track 5: Web of Agents 

 Special Tracks: FAccT and AIGC in WI-IAT 

  Keynote Speakers   
    
 Professor Franco Zambonelli   ACM Distinguished Scientist  
 Member of the Academia Europaea  
 Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (IEEE)  
 Fellow of the Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Association (AAIA)  
 University of Modena and Reggio Emilia  
 Italy  
 Title: Autonomous Development at the Individual and Collective Level  

 Professor Cecilia Mascolo   Co-director of Centre for Mobile, Wearable Systems and Augmented Intelligence  
 Fellow of Jesus College  
 University of Cambridge  
 UK  
 Title: Wearable Data for Health: Are we there yet?  

 Professor Eyke Hüllermeier   Chair of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning  
 Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München  
 Germany  
 Title: Representation and Quantification of Uncertainty in Machine Learning  

 Professor Roberto Navigli   Full Professor and Head of the Sapienza NLP Group  
 Co-founder of Babelscape srl & BabelNet evangelist  
 Sapienza University of Rome  
 Italy  
 Title: What is the Meaning of Superhuman Performance in Natural Language Processing?  

  Panel Discussion   

  Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)   

 April 16, 2023: Workshop Proposal Submission 

 May 1, 2023: Workshop Proposal Acceptance Notification 

 June 25, 2023 (Extended) : Full Papers Submission 

 August 8, 2023: Paper Acceptance Notification (Main Conference) 

 August 15, 2023: Workshop Paper Acceptance Notification 

 August 22, 2023: Workshop Fast Track - Submission (For Main Conf's Rejected Papers) 

 August 29, 2023: Workshop Fast Track - Notification (For Main Conf's Rejected Papers) 

 September 5, 2023: Early Registration Closes 

 September 12, 2023: Camera-ready Submission 

 October 26, 2023: Workshops and Special Sessions 

 October 27-29, 2023: Main Conference 

  Journal Opportunities   
 - Web Intelligence Journal   
 Publisher: IOS Press  

 - Brain Informatics   
 Publisher: Springer Nature  

 - Natural Language Processing Journal   
 Publisher: Elsevier  

  Paper Submission and Publication   
 Papers must be submitted electronically via CyberChair in standard IEEE Conference Proceedings format (max 8 pages, templates at https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  ). Industry and Demo papers must specify “industry” or “demo” in their title, and they are limited to 4 pages including references. Submitted papers will undergo a peer review process, coordinated by the International Program Committee. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings by IEEE and submitted to EI. Selected WI-IAT'23 papers will be further invited for expansion and publication in Web Intelligence journal and other international journals. Detailed submission guidelines can be found at https://www.wi-iat.com/wi-iat2023/Participant-Submission.html  .   

  Sponsors   

 CONTACT  
  (To Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+chairs@unive.it 
   
  (To PC-Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+pc.chairs@unive.it 

   (To Workshop Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+workshops@unive.it 
   
  (To Publicity Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+publicity@unive.it 

 ©WI-IAT2023. All Rights Reserved | Design by WIC