The 23rd IEEE/WIC WI-IAT 2024                Toggle navigation        
    
 Home 
  Participants | Registration 
  Paper Submission 
  Visa Application 
  Venue & Accomodation 
  Programs | Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Workshops / Special Sessions 
  Awards 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop and Special Session Proposals 
  Tracks and Topics 
  Organizations | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Sponsors 

 The 23rd IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology  
 WI = Artificial Intelligence in the Connected World   

  December 9-12, 2024, Bangkok, Thailand   
   
  A Hybrid Conference with both Online  and Offline  Modes    

 Camera-ready Submission Open: November 1, 2024     
   
  Registration Website    
   
  The whole conference will be in hybrid mode presence+online. 

 * WEB INTELLIGENCE ACADEMY (WIA) *     
   
  The Web Intelligence Academy (WIA) promotes the advancement of science, engineering, and technology by recognizing and honoring the leading intellectuals, scholars, researchers, and practitioners who have made significant, cumulative contributions to the field of Web Intelligence (WI). It encourages people worldwide to collaborate, to interact, and co-create ideas, innovations, knowledge, and multidisciplinary understandings for promoting “WI = AI in the connected world”, the development of new generation AI technology to create a future intelligent society. 

  Watch Video on YouTube  or HERE  .    

   About the Conference  
 The 2024 IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT'24) provides a premier international forum to bring together researchers and practitioners from diverse fields for presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative and practical development experiences on Web intelligence and intelligent agent technology research and applications. Academia, professionals and industry people can exchange their ideas, findings and strategies in deepening the understanding of all Web's entities, phenomena, and developments in utilizing the power of human brains and man-made networks to create a better world and intelligent societies. More specifically, the fields of how artificial intelligence is impacting the Web of People, the Web of Data, the Web of Things, the Web of Trust, the Web of Agents, the Web in industry, society, health, and smart living, the Web of Everything, and emerging AIGC in WI-IAT.   
  
 The first international conference of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT'01) was held in Maebashi Japan, 2001. Then, it followed by WI-IAT'03 in Halifax, Canada, WI-IAT'04 in Beijing, China, WI-IAT'05 in Compiegne, France, WI- IAT '06 in Hong Kong, WI-IAT'07 in Silicon Valley, USA, WI-IAT'08 in Sydney, Australia, WI-IAT'09 in Milano Italy, WI-IAT'10 in Toronto, Canada, WI-IAT'11 in Lyon, France, WI-IAT'12 in Macau, China, WI-IAT'13 in Atlanta, USA, WI-IAT'14 in Warsaw, Poland, and WI-IAT'15 in Singapore. The goal of WI-IAT conferences is to provide a global forum for scientists, engineers and educators to present the latest WI-IAT technologies discuss how to develop future intelligent systems for complex applications. After these years, in 2016, WI-IAT conferences have been merged as one brand (WI'16 in Omaha, USA, WI'17 in Leipzig, Germany, WI'18 in Santiago de Chile, and WI'19 in Thessaloniki, Greece) by redefining and vitalizing the WI aims and topics. In recognition of the strong connection of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology, the classic brand of WI-IAT was resumed in 2020. After the great successful online WI-IAT'20, hybrid WI-IAT'21, WI-IAT'22, and WI-IAT'23, WI-IAT'24 will be held in Bangkok, Thailand, and once again, in the hybrid mode. Therefore, the theme of WI-IAT '24 will be: “Web Intelligence = AI in the Connected World”.   
  
 Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT) aims to achieve a multi-disciplinary balance between research advances in theories and methods usually associated with collective intelligence, data science, human-centric computing, knowledge management, network science, autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. It is committed to addressing research that both deepen the understanding of computational, logical, cognitive, physical, and social foundations of the future Web, and enable the development and application of intelligent technologies. WI-IAT'24 provides a premier forum and features high-quality, original research papers and real-world applications in all theoretical and technology areas that make up the field of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology. WI-IAT'24 welcomes research, and application as well as Workshop and Special-Session proposals and papers. WI-IAT'24 in Bangkok (Thailand) is officially sponsored by IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Intelligent Informatics (TCII) and Web Intelligence Consortium (WIC).   

  Main Topics and Areas   
 WI-IAT '24 welcomes research and application paper submissions in these core thematic pillars under wider topics, which demand WI innovative and disruptive solutions for any of the next indicative sub-topics. Relevant topics include but are not limited to:   

 Track 1: Web of People 

 Track 2: Web of Data 

 Track 3: Web of Things 

 Track 4: Web of Trust 

 Track 5: Web of Agents 

 SPECIAL TRACK: Web in Industry, Society, Education, Health and Smart Living, and the Web of Everything 

 SPECIAL TRACK in WI-IAT 2024: FAccT, LLM and AIGC 

  Keynote Speakers   
    
 Professor Danilo Mandic   Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (IEEE)  
 President of the International Neural Network Society (INNS)  
 Imperial College London  
 UK  
 Title: Interpretable Convolutional NNs and Graph CNNs: Role of Domain Knowledge  

 Professor Ong Yew Soon   Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (IEEE)  
 Nanyang Technological University  
 Singapore  
 Title: Foundations of Transfer and Multitask Optimization and Advances with Generative AI and Large Language Models  

 Professor Saori C. Tanaka   Nara Institute of Science and Technology  
 Japan  
 Title: Status of Human Neuroimaging Databases Worldwide Focusing on Psychiatric and Neurological Disorders  

 Professor Guoyin Wang   Vice-President of the Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence (CAAI)  
 President of Chongqing Normal University  
 Chongqing Normal University  
 China  
 Title: Brain Cognition Inspired Artificial Intelligence  

  More To Be Confirmed.    

  Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)   

 June 30, 2024: Workshop Proposal Submission 

 July 15, 2024: Workshop Proposal Acceptance Notification 

 August 15, 2024: Papers Submission (Main Conference) 

 September 15, 2024: Paper Acceptance Notification (Main Conference) 

 October 18, 2024: Paper Registration Deadline (Main Conference) 

 November 1, 2024: Camera-ready Submission Open (Main Conference) 

 December 9, 2024: Workshops and Special Sessions 

 December 10-12, 2024: Main Conference 

  Journal Opportunities   
 - Web Intelligence Journal   
 Publisher: IOS Press  
 Special Issue: 20 years of Web Intelligence: Call for a new era of AI in the Connected World   

 - Brain Informatics   
 Publisher: Springer Nature  

 - Natural Language Processing Journal   
 Publisher: Elsevier  

  Paper Submission and Publication   
 Papers must be submitted electronically via CyberChair in standard IEEE Conference Proceedings format (max 8 pages, templates at https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  ). Your submitted long paper should be limited to 8 pages workshops paper is limited to 6 pages; short paper is limited to 5 pages, but you can extend it for a maximum of 2 pages. Submitted papers will undergo a peer review process, coordinated by the International Program Committee. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings by IEEE and submitted to EI. Selected WI-IAT'24 papers will be further invited for expansion and publication in Web Intelligence journal and other international journals. Detailed submission guidelines can be found at https://www.wi-iat.com/wi-iat2024/Participant-Submission.html  .   

  Sponsors   

 ©WI-IAT2024. All Rights Reserved | Design by WIC