Skip to main content  Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

 Main navigation  
 Publications | IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 
  IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Information Theory 
  IEEE BITS the Information Theory Magazine 
  IEEE Information Theory Society Newsletter 
  Conferences | IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory 
  IEEE Information Theory Workshop 
  Schools of Information Theory 
  Calendar of Upcoming Events 
  Information for Organizers 
  Videos 
  Membership | About Us 
  Become a Member 
  Chapters 
  Distinguished Lecturer Program 
  Awards | Awards 
  Make a Nomination 
  IEEE Fellows 
  Golden Jubilee Awards 
  Chapter of the Year Award 
  Community | Board of Governors 
  Committees 
  BoG Meetings 
  BoG Meeting Minutes 
  Governing Documents 
  Society Administrator 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Outreach 
  Thomas: Teaching Resources 
  Volunteer 
  News | News 
  Job Board 
  Submit an Announcement 
  Subscribe to the Mailing List 
  Help 
   
 Search  
 Search     
 Search    

 Secondary Menu  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
   
 Search     
 Search    

 User account menu  
 Sign in    

  Home 
  WiOpt 2023 

 WiOpt 2023    
  
 WiOpt 2023    
   
 WiOpt 2023 will showcase state-of-the-art research contributions from different fields in networks. Paper registration and submission deadline: 31 March 2023   

 The 21st International Symposium on Modeling and Optimization in Mobile, Ad hoc, and Wireless Networks (WiOpt)  solicits high-quality contributions. The conference will take place at the Nanyang Technological University (NTU)  , which is in the west of the Garden City Singapore, encompassing the city’s beautiful neighbourhoods. Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD)  is the co-hosting university. WiOpt 2023 aims to bring together state-of-the-art research contributions from different fields in networks. It welcomes original and high-quality submissions related to modeling, performance evaluation and optimization of networks. We encourage both theoretical contributions and real world empirical measurements and experimental studies. The areas of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Modeling, model validation and performance analysis 
  Cross-layer design and optimization / control 
  Scaling laws and fundamental limits 
  Network architectures and protocol design 
  Resource allocation and management 
  Network economics and pricing 
  Game theory for networks 
  Quality of service solutions 
  Energy efficiency, harvesting, power control and management 
  Security, trust and privacy 
  Network resilience, anomaly detection and reliability analysis 
  Data collection and analytics for networks 
  Edge and Fog computing 
  Mobile and Cloud computing 
  Content distribution networks and wireless caching 
  Reflective intelligent surface for communication networks 
  Machine learning techniques for wireless communications and networking 
  UAV communications in 5G and Beyond 
  Networks Integrated sensing and communication 
  Human-centric communication and networking for Metaverse 
  WiOpt 2023 will give one Best Paper Award and one Best Student Paper Award. A selected set of papers will be offered the opportunity for a Fast-Track submission of an extended version to IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking and IEEE Transactions on Network Science and Engineering.  
 WiOpt 2023 has the technical co-sponsorship of the IEEE Control Systems Society and of the IEEE Information Theory Society, and the support of IFIP. The copyright of published papers belongs to IFIP, which implements a free open access policy: authors effectively hold the copyright of their papers, and IFIP automatically grants authors permissions to reuse the material as they wish. The published papers will be available in the Digital Library of IFIP at no cost neither to authors nor to readers, and will also be included for publication in IEEE Xplore.  
 Important Dates   
 Paper registration and submission: 31 March 2023, 23:59 AoE 
  Notification of acceptance: 1 June 2023, 23:59 AoE 
  Camera ready and registration: 15 June 2023, 23:59 AoE 
  Registration (early): 15 June 2023, 23:59 AoE 

 More Information  
 Event Date   
 Aug 24, 2023  to Aug 27, 2023  Add to Calendar  2023-08-24 00:00:00  2023-08-27 00:00:00  WiOpt 2023  WiOpt 2023 will showcase state-of-the-art research contributions from different fields in networks. Paper registration and submission deadline: 31 March 2023  Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore    America/New_York  public      
 Event location   
 Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore   
   
 Event type   
 In-Person   
   
 Call For Papers Deadline   
 Mar 31, 2023   
    
 Event URL   
 Wiopt2023 Webpage    

 Subscribe to Our Mailing List  
 Receive announcements about conferences, news, job openings and more by subscribing to our mailing list.  

 SUBSCRIBE    

 Footer menu  
 Home 
  Contact 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Help 

 © Copyright 2021 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.   
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.