International Institute of   
 Informatics and Systemics   

 Proceedings of the 27th World Multi-Conference on   
 Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics: WMSCI 2023   
  
  FOREWORD   
  
  Our purpose in the 27 th  World Multi-Conference on Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (WMSCI 2023) is to provide, in these increasingly related areas, a multi-disciplinary forum, to foster interdisciplinary communication   among the participants, and to support the sharing process of diverse perspectives of the same transdisciplinary concepts and principles.  
   
  Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI) are being increasingly related to each other in almost every scientific discipline and human activity. Their common transdisciplinarity characterizes and communicates them, generating strong relations among them and with other disciplines. They work together to create a whole new way of thinking and practice. This phenomenon persuaded the Organizing Committee to structure WMSCI 2023 as a multi-conference where participants may focus on one area, or on one discipline, while allowing them the possibility of attending conferences from other areas or disciplines. This systemic approach stimulates cross-fertilization among different disciplines, inspiring scholars, originating new hypothesis, supporting production of innovations and generating analogies; which is, after all, one of the very basic principles of the systems’ movement and a fundamental aim in cybernetics.  
   
  WMSCI 2023 was organized and sponsored by the International Institute of Informatics and Systemics (IIIS, www.iiis.org), member of the International Federation of Systems Research (IFSR). The IIIS is a multi-disciplinary organization for inter-disciplinary communication and integration   , which includes about 5000 members. Consequently, a main purpose of the IIIS is to foster knowledge integration processes, interdisciplinary communication, and integration of academic activities. Based on: 1) the transdisciplinarity of the systemic approach, along with its essential characteristic of emphasizing relationships  and integrating  processes, and 2) the multi-disciplinary support of cybernetics’ and informatics’ concepts, notions, theories, technologies, and tools, the IIIS has been organizing multi-disciplinary conferences as a platform for fostering inter-disciplinary communication and knowledge integration processes.  

 Multi-disciplinary conferences are organized by the IIIS as support for both intra  -  and inter-disciplinary   communication. Processes of intra-disciplinary communication are mainly achieved via traditional paper presentations in corresponding disciplines, while conversational sessions, regarding trans- and inter-disciplinary topics, are among the means used for inter-disciplinary communication. Intra- and inter-disciplinary communications might generate co-regulative cybernetic loops  , via negative feedback, and synergic  relationships, via positive feedback loops, in which both kinds of communications could increase their respective effectiveness. Figure 1 shows at least two cybernetic loops if intra- and inter-disciplinary are adequately related. A necessary condition for the effectiveness of Inter-disciplinary communication is an adequate level of variety  regarding the participating disciplines. Analogical thinking and learning processes  of disciplinarians depend on it, which in turn are potential sources of the creative tension required for cross-fertilization among disciplines and the generations of new hypotheses. An extended presentation regarding this issue can be found at: www.iiis.org/MainPurpose |  

  In the specific case of Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI), the IIIS is an organization dedicated to contribute to the development of the Systems Approach, Cybernetics, and Informatics potential, using both: knowledge and experience, thinking and action, theory and practice, for:  
  The identification of synergistic relationships among Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics, and between them and society. 
  The promotion of contacts among the different academic areas, through the transdisciplinarity of the systems approach. 
  The identification and implementation of communication channels among the different professions. 
  The supply of communication links between the academic and professional worlds, as well as between them and the business world, both public and private, political and cultural. 
  The stimulus for the creation of integrative arrangements at different levels of society, as well as at the family and personal levels. 
  The promotion of trans-disciplinary research, both on theoretical issues and on applications to concrete problems. 
   
  These IIIS objectives have oriented the organizational efforts of yearly WMSCI/ISAS/IMSCI/CISCI conferences since 1995.  
   
  On behalf of the Organizing Committee, I extend our heartfelt thanks to:  
  The 361 members of the Program Committee from 54 countries (including the PC members of the events organized in its context and jointly with WMSCI 2023). Almost all the members of the Program Committee are | authors or co-authors sessions’ best papers | , i.e. papers selected by the respective audience as the best paper of the session in which they were presented; 
  The 241 additional reviewers, from 51 countries, for their | double-blind peer reviews | ; and 
  The 94 reviewers, from 25 countries, for their efforts in making the | non-blind peer reviews | . (Some reviewers supported both: non-blind and double-blind reviewing for different submissions). 
   
  The names and affiliation of both kinds of reviewers are listed in these proceedings. We extend our gratefulness to all of them. The scholarly quality of the authors and the reviewers is what define the quality of the conference and its respective proceedings. Consequently, our gratitude is to the members of the programs’ committees, both kinds of reviewers and the collaborating authors.  
   
  A total of 523 reviews made by 335 reviewers from 51 countries (who made at least one review) contributed to the quality achieved in WMSCI 2023. This means an average of 4.02 reviews per submission (130 submissions were received). Each registered author had access, via the conference web site, to the reviews that recommended the acceptance of their respective submissions   .  Each registered author could also get information about: 1) the average of the reviewers’ evaluations according to 8 criteria, and the average of a global evaluation of his/her submission; and 2) the comments and the constructive feedback made by the reviewers, who recommended the acceptance of his/her submission, so the author would be able to improve the final version of the paper.  
   
  In the organizational process of WMSCI 2023, about 130 articles were submitted. These pre-conference proceedings include about 79 papers that were accepted for presentation from 21 countries (28 countries taking into account the presentations in collocated events). I extend our thanks to the invited sessions’ organizers for collecting, reviewing, and selecting the papers that will be presented in their respective sessions. The submissions were reviewed as carefully as time permitted; it is expected that most of them will appear in a more polished and complete form in scientific journals. This information about WMSCI 2023 is summarized in the following table, along with the other collocated events:  
   
  This information about WMSCI 2023 is summarized in the following table, along with the other collocated conferences:  

 Conference | # of submissions received | # of reviewers that made at least one review | # of reviews made | Average of reviews per reviewer | Average of reviews per submission | # of papers included in the proceedings | % of submissions included in the proceedings 
 WMSCI 2023 | 130 | 335 | 523 | 1.56 | 4.02 | 79 | 60.77 % 
 IMSCI 2023 | 56 | 189 | 320 | 1.69 | 5.71 | 30 | 53.57 % 
 WMSCI & IMSCI 2023 | 186 | 524 | 843 | 1.61 | 4.53 | 109 | 58.60 % 
 CISCI 2023 | 75 | 285 | 565 | 1.98 | 7.53 | 55 | 73.33 % 
 TOTAL | 261 | 809 | 1408 | 1.74 | 5.39 | 164 | 62.84 % 

  All submissions were peer reviewed by the two-tier reviewing methodology of the International Institute of Informatics and Systemics (IIIS, www.iiis.org  ). As it might be noticed, from the table above, 4.02 reviews were made, in average, for each submission we received. After the conference is over, the names of the reviewers will be published on the IIIS web site along with the titles of the papers each reviewer reviewed. This means that what had been a double-blind review, up to the conference, is transformed to single-blind review, after the conference is over. In this way, each author would have information about the names of the reviewers of his/her submission, but not vice-versa. Likewise, each author would know how many reviewers reviewed his/her submission and relate it to the average, being informed in the above table, of 4.02 reviews per paper.  
   
  Our two-tier reviewing methodology meet two different objectives of peer-review: 1) to improve the paper via non-anonymous reviewers (non-blind reviews) and 2) to improve the acceptance/non-acceptance decision of the Organizing Committee via traditional anonymous reviewers (double-blind reviews) A recommendation to accept, made by non-anonymous reviews, is a necessary  condition, but it is not a sufficient  one. A submission, to be accepted, should also have a majority of its double-blind reviewers recommending its acceptance. These two necessary conditions generate a more reliable and rigorous  reviewing than any of those reviewing methods, based on just one of the indicated methods, or just on the traditional double-blind reviewing.  
   
  We extend our gratitude to the invited sessions’ organizers: Prof. Elina Gaile-Sarkane, Prof. Shigehiro Hashimoto, Prof. Natalja Lace, and Prof. Inga Lapina; as well as to the special track co-chairs and the co-editors of these proceedings, for the hard work, energy and eagerness they displayed preparing their respective sessions. We express our intense gratitude to Professor William Lesso ( 1931-2015  ) for his wise and timely, adequate and valuable tutoring, for his eternal energy, integrity, and continuous support and advice, as the Program Committee Chair of past conferences (since 1981), as well as for being a very caring old friend and intellectual father to many of us. We also extend our gratitude to Professor Belkis Sánchez, who brilliantly managed the organizing process.  
   
  Our gratitude to Professors Bela H. Banathy, Stafford Beer, George Klir, Karl Pribram, Paul A. Jensen, and Gheorghe Benga who dignified our past WMSCI conferences by being their Honorary Presidents.  
   
  We would like also to extend our gratefulness to Professor Shigehiro Hashimoto for his yearly support in the last 23 years as well as for his editorial work for the journal; as well as to Professor Grandon Gill, Dr. Jeremy Horne, Professor Thomas Marlowe, Professor Matthew E. Edwards, Dr. Robert Cherinka, Eng. Joseph Prezzama, Dr. Fr. Joseph Laracy, and Dr. Russell Jay Hendel, for their continuous advice and support in the conferences they participated in, along the last 15 years; as well as in the conferences they were not able to participate in. Their advices and the kind of care they provided us with are highly valued and appreciated.  
   
  We also extend our gratitude to the following scholars, researchers, and professionals who generously accepted to deliver keynote addresses or to organize invited sessions.  
   
  Plenary Keynote Speakers    (Alphabetical order by last name)   
   
  Dr. Risa Blair, USA  , Purdue University Global, USA, Adjunct Faculty, Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of General Education; Instructional Associates, Director of HR and Operations.  
   
  Dr. Robert Cherinka, USA  , MITRE Corporation, Chief Engineer, Software Engineering Innovation Center.  
   
  Dr. Jasmin (Bey) Cowin, USA/Germany  , Associate Professor and TESOL Practicum Coordinator, Touro University, Graduate School of Education, TESOL/BLE Department.  
   
  Professor Alptekin Erkollar, Austria  , ETCOP Institute for Interdisciplinary Research.  
   
  Professor Fuensanta Fernández de Velazco, Mexico  , Benemérita Universidad Autónoma de Puebla, Faculty of Arts, professor, researcher, an active member of the Seminar on Theories, Methods, and Models of Social Complexity, the Complexity Sciences Center (C3) of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.  
   
  Professor Shigehiro Hashimoto, Japan  , Professor of Kogakuin University (Former Councilor and Former Dean, Faculty of Engineering, Former Associate to the President, Former President of the Society of Life Support Engineering Japan), Doctor of Engineering and Doctor of Medicine, Research Area: Biomedical Engineering.  
   
  Dr. Russell Jay Hendel, USA  , Towson University, Dept. of Mathematics, doctoral program at the Spertus Institute for a degree in Jewish studies.  
   
  Professor Mohammad Ilyas, USA  , Florida Atlantic University, College of Engineering and Computer Science, Former Dean of the College of Engineering and Computer Science, Member of Global Engineering Deans Council.  
   
  Professor Cyril S. Ku, USA  , William Patterson University, Department of Computer Science.  
   
  Fr. Dr. Joseph R. Laracy, USA  , Seton Hall University, Department of Systematic Theology & Department of Mathematics and Computer Science.  
   
  Dr. James Lipuma, USA  , New Jersey Institute of Technology, Director of the Collaborative for Leadership Education, and Assessment Research.  
   
  Professor Rusudan Makhachashvili, Ukraine  , Borys Grinchenko Kyiv University, Head of Germanic Philology Department.  
   
  Professor Emeritus Thomas Marlowe, USA  , Seton Hall University, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, PhD in Computer Science and PhD in Mathematics.  
   
  Professor Rita Micarelli, Canada/Italy  , IIAS International Institute for Advanced Studies in System Research and Cybernetics in Ontario / Polytechnic University of Milan.  
   
  Professor Ryohei Nakatsu, Japan  , Kyoto University, Specially Appointed Professor, Art Innovation Academia-Industry Joint Research Division, Disaster Prevention Research Institute.  
   
  Professor Birgit Oberer, Austria  , ETCOP Institute for Interdisciplinary Research.  
   
  Patrick O’Leary, USA  , MITRE Corporation, Software Application Development Engineer.  
   
  Professor Giorgio Pizziolo, Canada/Italy  , IIAS International Institute for Advanced Studies in System Research and Cybernetics in Ontario / Polytechnic University of Milan.  
   
  Joseph Prezzama, Msc., USA  , MITRE Corporation, Group Leader for the Joint Operations Southeast, Tampa office of the MITRE Corporation.  
   
  Professor Richard Segall, USA  , Arkansas State University, Department of Information Systems & Business Analytics (ISBA), Neil Griffin College of Business.  
   
  Richard Self LLM, UK  , University of Derby, The School of Computing and Mathematics, Senior Lecturer in Governance of Advanced and Emerging Technologies.  
   
  Professor Ivan Semenist, Ukraine  , Borys Grinchenko Kyiv University, Dean of Oriental Languages Faculty.  
   
  Dr. Robert A. Smith, USA  , Boeing Company and Virginia Tech, Calhoun Honors Discovery Program.  
   
  Dr. Maurício Vieira Kritz, UK/Brazil  , University of Manchester, Faculty of Biology, Medicine, and Health / National Laboratory for Scientific Computing, Petrópolis, Graduate Program on Modelling Knowledge Diffusion.  
   
  Cristo E. Yáñez-León, MSc., Ph.D. candidate, USA  , New Jersey Institute of Technology, Director of Research, CSLA, Office of Research & Development.  
   
  Invited Sessions Organizers    (Alphabetical order by last name)   
   
  Professor Elina Gaile-Sarkane, Latvia,  Riga Technical University, Dean of the Faculty of Engineering Economics and Management.  
   
  Professor Shigehiro Hashimoto, Japan  , Professor of Kogakuin University (Former Councilor and Former Dean, Faculty of Engineering, Former Associate to the President, Former President of the Society of Life Support Engineering Japan), Doctor of Engineering and Doctor of Medicine, Research Area: Biomedical Engineering.  
   
  Professor Natalja Lace, Latvia,  Riga Technical University, Head of Department of Corporate Finance and Economics, Faculty of Engineering Economics and Management.  
   
  Professor Inga Lapina, Latvia,  Riga Technical University, Vice Dean for Academic Affairs, Faculty of Engineering Economics and Management.  
   
  Many thanks to the members of the Organizing Committee and to those who chaired special tracks. We would also like to express our special gratefulness to Professor Thomas Marlowe. Professor T. Grandon Gill, Dr. Jeremy Horne, Professor Shigehiro Hashimoto, Dr. Russell Jay Hendel, Professor Michael Savoie, Professor Hsing-Wei Chu, Dr. Robert Cherinka, and Eng. Joseph Prezzama, for their generosity in providing support with their advices and for answering our inquiries, as well as for their spontaneous and timely alerts. Thank you so very much.  
   
  Our gratefulness is also extended to the organizations that provided scientific, academic, professional, or corporate co-sponsorships in this conference and/or previous ones. The following are among these organizations:  

  Special thanks to Dr. Jeremy Horne, Dr. Harvey Hyman, Dr. Robert Cherinka, Eng. Joseph Prezzama, and Ms. Molly Youngblood Geiger (Google Partners Community Ambassador) for their efforts in helping us with the identification of above shown co-sponsors.  

  Professor Nagib C. Callaos, Ph.D.  
  WMSCI 2023 General Chair  
  www.iiis.org/Nagib-Callaos    

 Postal Address:  
  13750 West Colonial Dr, Suite 350-408  
  Winter Garden, Florida 34787, USA   
   
 All rights reserved.  
  © 2023 International Institute  
  of Informatics and Systemics