29th Workshop on Logic, Language, Information and Computation  
  WoLLIC 2023   
 Halifax, Canada  
  July 11–14, 2023   
   
 WoLLIC  is an annual international forum on inter-disciplinary research involving formal logic, computing and programming theory and natural language and reasoning. Each meeting includes invited talks and tutorials as well as contributed papers.  
 The 29th WoLLIC was held at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, July 11–14  , 2023. WoLLIC 2023 was a hybrid event, with all invited speakers presenting on-site to facilitate meaningful interaction and discussions.  
 The conference was scientifically sponsored by the Association for Symbolic Logic (ASL)  , the Interest Group in Pure and Applied Logics (IGPL)  , the Association for Logic Language and Information (FoLLI)  , the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS)  , the European Association for Computer Science Logic (EACSL)  , and the Sociedade Brasileira de Lógica (SBL)  .  
 Contributions were invited on all pertinent subjects, with particular interest in cross-disciplinary topics. Typical but not exclusive areas of interest were: foundations of computing, programming and Artificial Intelligence (AI); novel computation models and paradigms; broad notions of proof and belief; proof mining, type theory, effective learnability and explainable AI; formal methods in software and hardware development; logical approach to natural language and reasoning; logics of programs actions and resources; foundational aspects of information organization, search, flow, sharing, and protection; foundations of mathematics; philosophical logic; philosophy of language.  
   
 Post-conference information  
 The meeting is now over, but the information on this website will remain for future reference. Many speakers have made their slides available, which are linked in the program  . Speakers who have not yet sent their slides are encouraged to do so.  
 Important dates  
 March 6, 2023 | AoE | : abstract submission 
  March 13, 2023 | AoE | : full paper submission 
  April 11, 2023: Student travel grant application 
  May 15, 2023: notification of authors 
  May 25, 2023: deadline to book on-campus accommodations 
  May 25, 2023: early registration deadline 
  June 15, 2023: final version deadline (firm) 
  July 11–14, 2023: conference 
  Program  
 Click here for the Program  . There is also a handy schedule overview  on a single page.  
 Invited speakers  
 Tutorials:  
 There were four tutorials. Click here for the abstracts  .  
 Michael Moortgat (Utrecht University, Netherlands). | Tutorial: Compositionality: categorial variations on a theme. | Slides 
  Magdalena Ortiz (University of Umeå, Sweden). | Tutorial: Description logics and other decidable logics for graph-structured data. | Slides 
  Aybüke Özgün (University of Amsterdam, Netherlands). | Tutorial: Dempster-Shafer theory and topological models for evidence. | Slides 
  Dusko Pavlovic (University of Hawaii, USA). | Tutorial: Prerequisites for the talk on incompleteness of static theories and completeness of dynamic beliefs, in people and in bots. | Slides 
  Invited speakers:  
 There were talks by the following invited speakers. Click here for the abstracts  .  
 Thomas Bolander (Technical University of Denmark). | From dynamic epistemic logic to socially intelligent robots. | Slides 
  Makoto Kanazawa (Hosei University, Japan). | Learning context-free grammars from positive data and membership queries. | Paper | , | Slides 
  Michael Moortgat (Utrecht University, Netherlands). | Lambek calculus and its modal extensions. | Slides 
  Magdalena Ortiz (University of Umeå, Sweden). | A short introduction to SHACL for logicians. | Paper | , | Slides 
  Aybüke Özgün (University of Amsterdam, Netherlands). | Beliefs based on conflicting and uncertain evidence: connecting Dempster-Shafer theory and the topology of evidence. | Slides 
  Dusko Pavlovic (University of Hawaii, USA). | From incompleteness of static theories to completeness of dynamic beliefs, in people and in bots. | Paper | , | Slides 
  Richard Zach (University of Calgary, Canada). | The epsilon calculus in non-classical logics: recent results and open questions. | Slides 
  Special session: Movie screening "Journeys of Black Mathematicians"  
 In a special session at WoLLIC 2023, we showed clips from a documentary film that explores the groundbreaking achievements of African American mathematicians. "Journeys of Black Mathematicians" ( zalafilms.com  ) is a powerful film that traces the history of these pioneering individuals and their impact on mathematics. This film is not only a tribute to their achievements, but also an inspiration for Black and other minority students to pursue their studies and consider careers in mathematics.  
 The film is currently in production and its filmmaker George Csicsery, has agreed to show us excerpts from a rough cut of this film. He was also available via Zoom to hear feedback and answer questions.  
 Registration  
 The early registration deadline was May 25. The fees listed below are early / late.  
 Regular participants: CAD $300 / $325 
  Students: CAD $150 / $175 
  Online-only registration, regular: CAD $200 / $225 
  Online-only registration, students: CAD $100 / $125 
  Additional dinner ticket: CAD $80 
  Local information  
 All talks were held in room 319  of the Chase Building. The Chase building is building C280 on the campus map   .  
 Here is a Google map of the area:  
   
 Other things to do in Halifax  
 There were several other events in Halifax that overlapped with or were adjacent to WoLLIC:  
 Halifax Jazz Festival | , July 11–16. An annual event since 1987, attracts up to 55,000 visitors. You can spend your conference evenings there. 
  The 10th North American Indigenous Games | , July 15–23. A major sports event involving more than 5,000 athletes. 
  Here are some videos with additional suggestions for what to do in Halifax:  
    
 Travel  
 Most foreign nationals need an electronic travel authorization  before flying to Canada. This applies to all visa-exempt foreign nationals (for example, European citizens). It only costs $7 and can be done efficiently at the eTA website  . The eTA requirement does not apply to U.S. citizens, nor to visitors who need an actual visa to travel to Canada.  
 For information on how to get to Halifax from the airport see the Airport Transportation Page   .  
 Paper submission  
 Note: paper submission is now closed. The following information is retained for reference.  
 Proposed contributions should be in English, and consist of a scholarly exposition accessible to the non-specialist, including motivation, background, and comparison with related works. Articles should be written in the LaTeX format of LNCS by Springer (see author's instructions at http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0  ). They must not exceed 12 pages, with up to 5 additional pages for references and technical appendices. The paper's main results must not be published or submitted for publication in refereed venues, including journals and other scientific meetings. It is expected that each accepted paper be presented at the meeting by one of its authors either in person or via remote connection. (At least one author is required to pay a full, on-site (regular or student) registration fee before granting that the paper will be published in the proceedings.) Papers must be submitted electronically at the WoLLIC 2023 EasyChair website https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wollic2023  .  
 Student support  
 Student participation is encouraged at WoLLIC. Students will pay a reduced registration fee.  
 Thanks to ASL's scientific sponsorship, students who are ASL members can apply for a modest travel grant (deadline: 90 days before the event starts, i.e.: April 11  ). See http://www.aslonline.org/studenttravelawards.html  for details. An ASL student membership costs USD $54, so this might be a good deal.  
 In addition to the ASL travel grants, we are also able to offer a limited amount of support for travel and accommocations directly to some students. Students who have already applied for an ASL travel grant will be given priority. If you are interested in the additional support, please send a request to selinger@mathstat.dal.ca  by April 11  . Please also arrange for a letter of reference from your supervisor, or appropriate other person, to the same email address, explaining whether the student has access to funding from local sources and how much.  
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of WoLLIC 2023  , including both invited and contributed papers, have been published as a volume in Springer's LNCS series.  
 You can access the proceedings here. When using the following link, access to the proceedings will be free for a limited period of time.  
 Logic Language, Information, and Computation   
 In addition, abstracts will be published in the Conference Report section of the Logic Journal of the IGPL, and selected contributions will be published (after a new round of reviewing) as a special post-conference WoLLIC 2023  issue of a scientific journal (TBA).  
 Committees  
  
 Program committee  
 Bahareh Afshari, University of Gothenburg, Sweden and University of Amsterdam, Netherlands 
  Zena Ariola, University of Oregon, USA 
  Adriana Balan, University Politechnica of Bucharest, Romania 
  Marta Bílková, Czech Academy of Sciences, Czech Republic 
  Ranald Clouston, Australian National University, Australia 
  Willem Conradie, University of the Witwatersrand, South Africa 
  Josée Desharnais, Laval University, Canada 
  David Fernández-Duque, Universitat de Barcelona, Spain 
  Santiago Figueira, Universidad de Buenos Aires, Argentina 
  Silvia Ghilezan, University of Novi Sad & Mathematical Institute SASA, Serbia 
  Sujata Ghosh, Indian Statistical Institute, India 
  Nina Gierasimczuk, Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
  Helle Hvid Hansen, University of Groningen, Netherlands (co-chair) 
  Andreas Herzig, CNRS, University of Toulouse, France 
  Juha Kontinen, University of Helsinki, Finland 
  Roman Kuznets, TU Wien, Austria 
  Martha Lewis, University of Bristol, UK 
  Johannes Marti, University of Oxford, UK 
  George Metcalfe, University of Bern, Switzerland 
  Cláudia Nalon, University of Brasilia, Brazil 
  Carlos Olarte, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, France 
  Sophie Pinchinat, University of Rennes, France 
  Francesca Poggiolesi, CNRS, University Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne, France 
  Sylvain Pogodalla, INRIA Nancy, France 
  Revantha Ramanayake, University of Groningen, Netherlands 
  Mehrnoosh Sadrzadeh, University College London, UK 
  Andre Scedrov, University of Pennsylvania, USA (co-chair) 
  Philip Scott, University of Ottawa, Canada 
  Viorica Sofronie-Stokkermans, University of Koblenz-Landau, Germany 
  Kazushige Terui, Kyoto University, Japan 
  Mladen Vuković, University of Zagreb, Croatia 
  Steering committee  
 Samson Abramsky, Agata Ciabattoni, Anuj Dawar, Juliette Kennedy, Ulrich Kohlenbach, Daniel Leivant, Leonid Libkin Lawrence Moss, Luke Ong, Valeria de Paiva, Elaine Pimentel, Ruy de Queiroz, Alexandra Silva, Renata Wassermann.  
 Advisory committee  
 Johan van Benthem, Joe Halpern, Wilfrid Hodges, Angus Macintyre, Hiroakira Ono, Jouko Väänänen.  
 Organizing committee  
 Neil J. Ross, Dalhousie University 
  Peter Selinger, Dalhousie University (co-chair) 
  Anjolina G. de Oliveira, Univ Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil 
  Ruy de Queiroz, Univ Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil (co-chair) 
  Financial sponsors  
 We gratefully acknowledge financial support from:  
 Atlantic Association for Research in the Mathematical Sciences (AARMS) 
  Dalhousie University 
  Contact  
 WoLLIC 2023 is organized by the Department of Mathematics and Statistics of Dalhousie University, and by the Centro de Informática, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco Brazil.  
 For questions related to submissions and the scientific program, please email one of the PC co-chairs: Helle Hvid Hansen  or Andre Scedrov  . For questions about the local organisation please email Peter Selinger  or Julien Ross  . For general questions about the WoLLIC conference series, please email Ruy de Queiroz  .  

  Dates:  
 Mar 6: | abstract submission 
  Mar 13: | full paper submission 
  Apr 11: | student travel grants 
  May 15: | author notification 
  May 25: | early registration 
  May 25: | room booking 
  Jun 15: | final version 
  Jul 11–14: | conference 
    
 Links:  
 Program 
  Schedule overview 
  Accepted talks 
  1st call for papers 
  2nd call for papers 
  3rd call for papers 
  4th call for papers 
  5th call for papers 
  Registration 
  Accommodations 
  Restaurant list 
  Campus map 
  Area map 
  Airport transportation 
  Previous WoLLICs 
  Sponsors:  

 Last updated: July 10, 2023  by Peter Selinger  .