Skip to main content    
      
 toggle navigation      About | What is NET4Age-Friendly? 
  COST Action Objectives 
  About SHAFE 
  Blog 
  Working Groups | Working Group 1 - User-centred design 
  Working Group 2 - Integrated health and wellbeing 
  Working Group 3 - Digital solutions and implementation 
  Working Group 4 - SHAFE impact and sustainability 
  Working Group 5 - Reference Framework 
  Meetings 
  Training Schools | COMPLETED - 10-12 September 2024, Prague - Czech Republic 
  COMPLETED - 1-3 July 2024, Rijeka - Croatia 
  COMPLETED - 26-28 September 2023, Skopje - Republic of North Macedonia 
  COMPLETED - 10-12 July 2023, Tirana - Albania 
  COMPLETED - 12-15 September 2022 - Bucharest, Romania 
  Grants | Short-term scientific missions (STSMs) 
  Virtual Mobility Grants 
  Dissemination Conference Grant 
  Inclusiveness Target Countries (ITCs) 
  Repository | Deliverables | D4 - Report on SHAFE policies, strategies and funding 
  D5 - Evaluation and Business Models on SHAFE 
  D6 - Final report on user-centred design of SHAFE 
  D7 - Integrated health and wellbeing pathways 
  D8 - Final report on digital innovation and implementation 
  D14 - Reference Framework of NET4Age-Friendly 
  D15 - Sustainability Plan “beyond NET4AGE-FRIENDLY” 
  Modules 
  Knowledge Base 
  Virtual Mobility Grants Outcomes | SHAFE Ontology 
  SHAFE successful business models 
  VM Grant SHAFE mapping on social innovation ecosystems 
  Researcher Index 
  NET4 Webinars 
  Contact 

   Search form  
 Search     

 WorldCist'23  

 Home 
  WorldCist'23 

  18 May 2023 | conference    
  
  Developing the effective self-reporting tool to maintain active engagement of cardiovascular patients in the healthcare process.   
 The WorldCist'23 – 11st World Conference on Information Systems and Technologies was held in Italy, Pisa from 4 to 6 April 2023. Hanna Vitaliyivna Denysyuk was granted an ITC grant in our Action, with the help of which she participated with the paper entitled “Self-reporting Tool for Cardiovascular Patients”, that was included in the Software Systems, Architectures, Applications and Tools section among the 14 main themes proposed for the Conference.  
 The research's motive of this work was to develop the most effective self-reporting tool utilizing a mobile phone and smartwatch to track blood pressure thus offering opportunities to maintain active engagement of cardiovascular patients in the healthcare process by promoting the adoption of healthy behaviours and well-being outcomes.  
 According to the World Heart Federation, cardiovascular disease (CVD) causes more than 18.6 million deaths every year, representing 33% of all global deaths. An estimated 80% of cardiovascular disease, including heart disease and stroke, is preventable. It is important to detect CVD as early as possible so that management with counselling and medicines can begin.  
 High blood pressure, or hypertension, is one of the biggest causes of heart attack and stroke. It usually has no symptoms, so it’s important to get it regularly checked and, if needed, take the necessary measures to lower it, which may include dietary changes, increased physical activity, and medication.  
 Health mobile applications have become a part of our daily life. In healthcare, they became a solution for several problems arising in the industry.  
 Apps can help patients reach better clinical outcomes and make care providers’ lives easier. They drive patient engagement through personalized care and make sharing clinical data more accessible.  
 Our self-reporting application was developed in the Android Studio using Kotlin programming language. The application gathers data through a smartwatch via Bluetooth connection.  
 The collected data is kept in Cloud Storage and sent to the client’s backend, giving instant access to all health information and visually presenting it through charts.  
 We believe that our application will help patients keep track of their chronic conditions, letting them track their blood pressure and encouraging active engagement in the healthcare process by promoting the adoption of healthy behaviours and well-being outcomes to prevent premature deaths´.  

 COST (European Cooperation in Science and Technology)  is a funding agency for research and innovation networks. Our Actions help connect research initiatives across Europe and enable scientists to grow their ideas by sharing them with their peers. This boosts their research, career and innovation.   

 Privacy Policy  Developed by Seasus