Register 
  Paper Submission | Call for Papers 
  Author/Submission 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program | Schedule 
  Keynotes 
  Tracks 
  Poster Sessions 
  Ph.D. Colloquium 
  SimOpt Workshop 
  Data Farming Workshop 
  SIM 101 Workshop 
  Simulation Challenge 2023 
  Modeling and Analysis of Semiconductor Manufacturing 
  Vendor Workshops 
  Info/Archive | Media Kit 
  Board of Directors 
  Sponsoring Organizations 
  Program Archive 
  Bylaws 
  History 
  Past Conferences 
  Future Conferences 
  WSC Foundation 
  Computer Simulation Archive 
  Venue & Travel 
  Exhibit & Sponsor | Exhibit Opportunities 
  Exhibitor Listing 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Sponsors 

 Winter Simulation Conference 2021    

 Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Linkedin    
 View the Online Program     
   
 Access the WSC 2023 Virtual Platform & Full Papers     
   
 2023 Winter Simulation Conference  
 Simulation for Resilient Systems  
 December 10-13, 2023  
   San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter  
  San Antonio, TX   
 WSC 2023 will focus on the use of simulation to improve resiliency for a wide range of systems.   
 The Winter Simulation Conference 2023 highlights the vital role that simulation plays in designing, planning, and operating resilient systems under uncertainty. In an increasingly inter-connected world, it is more critical than ever to ensure that systems quickly recover from and adapt to major disruptions. With its uncertainty modeling and explainable analytics capabilities, simulation is one of the key technologies that lie at the heart of building resilient systems. We invite papers that emphasize the latest advances in simulation theory and applications showcasing the integrated use of simulation with technologies ranging from the Internet of Things and statistics to AI/ML and optimization. We particularly encourage applications of simulation to improve resiliency in a wide range of domains, including but not limited to aviation, disaster response, education, energy, finance, healthcare, infrastructure, manufacturing, national security, space systems, and supply chains.  
 The Winter Simulation Conference 2023 will continue the tradition of including pre-conference workshops, introductory and advanced tutorials, commercial case studies, poster sessions, and the Ph.D. Colloquium. It will also host the 19 th  International Conference on Modeling & Analysis of Semiconductor Manufacturing (MASM). WSC 2023 will showcase professional development opportunities and a Simulation Challenge for teams to compete on an industrial case study.  
 The Winter Simulation Conference 2023 will be held in San Antonio, Texas from December 10 to 13 in 2023. The San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter is located on the beautiful waterfront within walking distance of historical sites. Join us in San Antonio for the leading conference in the field of simulation!  

 2023 Keynote Speaker  
 Ann Dunkin   
  Chief Information Officer  
  U.S. Department of Energy  

 Titans of Simulation  

 Dr. John Fowler   
  Arizona State University  

 Dr. Enver Yucesan   
  INSEAD  

 Program  
 WSC 2023 will feature a comprehensive program ranging from introductory tutorials to state-of-the-art research and practice. The planned tracks are as follows:  

 Education and Outreach  
 Pre-Conference Workshops 
  Professional Development 
  Simulation Challenge 
  Simulation in Education 
  Tutorials (Introductory/Advanced) 
  Vendor Workshops 

 Methodology  
 Agent-Based Simulation 
  Analysis Methodology 
  Hybrid Simulation 
  Modeling Methodology 
  Simulation Optimization 
  Uncertainty Quantification & Robust Simulation 

 Applications  
 Aviation Modeling & Analysis 
  Complex & Resilient Systems 
  Data Science for Simulation 
  Environment, Sustainability & Resilience 
  Healthcare & Life Sciences 
  Logistics, Supply Chain & Transportation 
  Manufacturing & Industry 4.0 
  Military & National Security 
  Modeling & Analysis of Semiconductor Manufacturing 
  Project Management & Construction 
  Reliability Modeling & Simulation 
  Scientific Applications 
  Simulation & Artificial Intelligence 
  Simulation Around the World 
  Simulation in Digital Twin 

 Abstracts  
 Commercial Case Studies 
  Ph.D. Colloquium 
  Posters 

 Back to Top   

 © Winter Simulation Conference 2023  2024   
 Powered by WordPress  • Themify WordPress Themes