Calls | Research Tracks | Crowdsourcing and Human Computation 
  Economics, Monetization, and Online Markets 
  Fairness, Accountability, Transparency, and Ethics on the Web 
  Search 
  Security, Privacy, and Trust 
  Semantics and Knowledge 
  Social Network Analysis and Graph Algorithms 
  Systems and Infrastructure for Web, Mobile Web, and Web of Things 
  User Modeling and Personalization 
  Web and Society 
  Web Mining and Content Analysis 
  Special Track | Web4Good 
  History of the Web 
  The Creative Web 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  PhD Symposium 
  Posters and Demos 
  Industry 
  Web Developer and W3C 
  Test of Time Award 
  Proceedings 
  Special Days | Health Day 
  Knowledge Graph Day 
  Entrepreneur Day 
  Satellite Events | W4A | W4A 2023 
  W4A 2023 Call for Paper 
  Web Sci2023 
  Provenance Week 
  Program | Live Stream of TheWebConf 
  Program Overview 
  Keynote 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Accepted Posters 
  Detailed Program 
  ACM A.M. Turing Award Lecture 
  BBQ and Live Music 
  Attendees | Visa Letter 
  Registration 
  Venue and Hotel 
  Travel Information 
  Student Travel Award 
  Virtual Participation Award 
  Important Dates 
  About | The Web Conference 
  Organizing Committee 
  Sponsors 
  Code of Conduct 

 CFP: History of the Web  
 Track chairs:  
 Bebo White | (SLAC/Stanford - California (retired)) 
  Mark Schueler | (University of Southampton, UK) 
  Contact  
 history2023@thewebconf.org   The World Wide Web was invented at CERN by Sir Tim Berners-Lee in 1989 and in 1993, CERN put the World Wide Web software in the public domain.  
 In May 1994 Robert Cailliau organized the First International WWW Conference in Geneva and following that event in August 1994 he launched with Joseph Hardin the IW3C2 formally incorporated in May 1996 as a non-profit Association under Swiss law. In 2022 this conference became The ACM Web Conference.  
 The 2023 edition of this conference is therefore the 32nd in the series and takes place on the 33rd anniversary of the Web.  
 During this period, access to the Web and its applications have become widely available around the world and many new technologies have emerged. The evolution of the Web has been marked not only by great technological advances, but also by anecdotal events that have contributed to build the Web that we know today.  
 After more than thirty years, it is time to keep track of all these events, so we invite all those who participated in this collective adventure to share the information they have. We also invite those whose field of technical, sociological, or philosophical research concerns the evolution or the impact of the Web to submit their work.  
 Four varieties of contributions are requested:  
 Research papers focussing on the history of Web technology; 
  Research papers focussing on the impact of Web technology in the natural and social sciences; 
  Research essays explaining how the evolution of the Web has impacted your professional or private life; 
  Memoirs describing anecdotal events related to the evolution of the Web. 
  All submissions will be peer-reviewed and evaluated on the basis of originality, relevance, quality, and technical, sociological, or historical contribution.  
 This year a major theme of the track will be the history and development of Web browsers but all submissions are welcome.  
 Submission guidelines  
 For this special track, submissions length must be between 4 and 8 content pages. These content pages should include all figures and tables, but exclude supplementary material and references. In addition, two (2) additional pages of supplementary materials may be included.  
 The total number of pages with supplementary material and references must not exceed 12 pages. The papers must be formatted according to the instructions below. Submissions are NOT anonymous.  
 Submissions will be handled via Easychair, at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=thewebconf2023.  
 Formatting the submissions  
 Submissions must adhere to the ACM template and format published in the ACM guidelines at https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template. Please remember to add Concepts and Keywords. Please use the template in traditional double-column format to prepare your submissions. For example, word users may use Word Interim Template, and LaTeX users may use sample-sigconf template.  
 For overleaf users, you may want to use https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/association-for-computing-machinery-acm-sig-proceedings-template/bmvfhcdnxfty.  
 Submissions for review must be in PDF format. They must be self-contained and written in English. Authors are requested to use spell checking and grammar checking tools. Submissions will be subjected to plagiarism-checking software.  
 Publication policy  
 Accepted papers will require a further revision in order to meet the requirements and page limits of the camera-ready format required by ACM. Instructions for the preparation of the camera-ready versions of the papers will be provided after acceptance.  
 All accepted papers will be published by ACM in the Companion(Document) together with the research track papers and will be available via the ACM Digital Library. To be included in the proceedings, at least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper there.  
 Important dates  
 Abstract: November 7, 2022 
  Full paper: November 14, 2022 
  Acceptance notification: January 31, 2023 
  No rebuttal is foreseen.  
 All submission deadlines are end-of-day in the Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone.  

  The Web Conference @ Austin  
 The Web Conference 2023 is organized by the School of Information at The University of Texas at Austin