Calls | Research Tracks | Crowdsourcing and Human Computation 
  Economics, Monetization, and Online Markets 
  Fairness, Accountability, Transparency, and Ethics on the Web 
  Search 
  Security, Privacy, and Trust 
  Semantics and Knowledge 
  Social Network Analysis and Graph Algorithms 
  Systems and Infrastructure for Web, Mobile Web, and Web of Things 
  User Modeling and Personalization 
  Web and Society 
  Web Mining and Content Analysis 
  Special Track | Web4Good 
  History of the Web 
  The Creative Web 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  PhD Symposium 
  Posters and Demos 
  Industry 
  Web Developer and W3C 
  Test of Time Award 
  Proceedings 
  Special Days | Health Day 
  Knowledge Graph Day 
  Entrepreneur Day 
  Satellite Events | W4A | W4A 2023 
  W4A 2023 Call for Paper 
  Web Sci2023 
  Provenance Week 
  Program | Live Stream of TheWebConf 
  Program Overview 
  Keynote 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Accepted Posters 
  Detailed Program 
  ACM A.M. Turing Award Lecture 
  BBQ and Live Music 
  Attendees | Visa Letter 
  Registration 
  Venue and Hotel 
  Travel Information 
  Student Travel Award 
  Virtual Participation Award 
  Important Dates 
  About | The Web Conference 
  Organizing Committee 
  Sponsors 
  Code of Conduct 

 Welcome to The  
  Web Conference 2023 in  
  Austin, Texas, USA  
 April 30 - May 4, 2023  
 AT&T Hotel and Conference Center at The University of Texas at Austin  
 Live Stream of TheWebConf    

  INTRODUCTION  
 Since the invention of the World Wide Web in 1989, The Web Conference (formerly known as International World Wide Web Conference, abbreviated as WWW) is a yearly international academic conference on the topic of the future direction of the World Wide Web. This conference has been the premier venue to present and discuss progress in research, development, standards, and applications of the topics related to the Web. Over the past three decades, The Web Conference has been the forum where some of the most fundamental Web technologies have been introduced, such as the Anatomy of a Large Scale Web Search Engine in 1998 prefiguring Google, the EigenTrust algorithm in 2003 and the YAGO knowledge base in 2007 (see also the Test of Time Award past recipients). The conference assembles scholars, researchers, policymakers, practitioners, and end-users with one unifying goal: to envision and create the future of the Web.  
 The 2023 ACM Web Conference will offer a high quality program made of research sessions, posters and demonstrations, a PhD symposium for the junior scholars, workshops, tutorials, a developers track for the practitioners as well as thought provoking keynote speakers, panels, special track on web for good, History of the Web, and colocated special days.  
 The 2023 ACM Web Conference is an in-person conference with virtual components  including live streaming of ceremonies and keynotes, access to pre-recorded videos of talks, and the Whova platform for interaction with all conference attendees.  
 All speakers, presenters, organizers participating in any way at The Web Conference are expected to attend the conference in person. For exceptional reasons, if you are not able to attend in person to present, you may assign a proxy who must be in person. For special cases, we may make an exception for a live remote presentation.  
   
  (UPDATE: As of April 26, due to logistical situations, we are not able to accommodate anymore remote presentations)   
 Austin is honored and thrilled to host The Web Conference and is preparing an exceptional conference for sharing the latest insights of academic and industrial research. We thank you for your participation and look forward to seeing you in Austin!  
  
  ACM A.M. Turing Award Lecture  
   Bob Metcalfe  MIT    
    
 KEYNOTES  
   Barbara Poblete  University of Chile Amazon Visiting Academic    
    David Rand  MIT    
    Payal Arora  Erasmus University Rotterdam    

    Zachary Elkins  UT Austin    
    Michalis Vazirgiannis  LIX, Ecole Polytechnique    

  SILVER SPONSOR  
     (Student Travel Award Sponsor)  

  BRONZE SPONSOR  

  ORGANIZED BY  

  The Web Conference @ Austin  
 The Web Conference 2023 is organized by the School of Information at The University of Texas at Austin