Toggle navigation      XP2023     

 About 
  Registration | Registration 
  Registration Fees 
  Agenda 
  Speakers 
  Sponsors 
  Location | Location 
  Venue 
  Hotels 

 Registration is now open for XP 2023, the 24th International Conference on Agile Software Development   

 June 13-16, 2023 • Amsterdam, The Netherlands   

 XP is the premier Agile software development conference combining research and practice. It is a unique forum where Agile researchers, practitioners, thought leaders, coaches, and trainers gather to present and discuss their most recent innovations and research results.  
 At its inception over 20 years ago, the XP conference focused solely on eXtreme Programming. It quickly widened its scope to include all modern Agile approaches and Agility’s developing aspects. XP draws people from around the globe, providing a diverse and inclusive environment for learning and inspiring conversations.  

 The theme for XP 2023 is “Whole Team Sustainability”  

 The theme for XP2023 is “Whole Team Sustainability,” a multi-faceted theme centering on the need to band together to solve the complex challenges of our time. Agile has long focused on the ability to truly work as a whole team, bringing all our different skills and viewpoints to bear on our common purpose: strong engineering skills working hand-in-hand with top-level product vision, supported and sustained by modern management and a focus on resilience over efficiency.   

 Agile processes promote sustainable development  

 Sustainability is also represented in the form of a resilient, healthy, and diverse team working at a healthy pace. After all, “Agile processes promote sustainable development.” What is the long-term effect of an Agile mindset and practices? How can we keep teams stable and resilient in times of high growth or decline?  
 The worldwide necessity to take action for our environment makes the need for that philosophy in more aspects of our society starkly clear.  

 An in-person conference in the heart of Amsterdam!  

 For the first time in its long history, XP 2023 will be in The Netherlands, at “Pakhuis De Zwijger” right in the middle of Amsterdam. In the center of the city, on the waterfront, there’s no better place to get together with colleagues from across the world and no better base from which to explore Amsterdam.  

 XP 2023 Program Components   

 Research Workshops   
 A forum for small group discussions to present and discuss results of scientific research and practice, and to explore innovative and cutting-edge topics. Full- and half day research workshops will take place on Tuesday.  
 The call for proposals for research workshops is open! Contact the chair to discuss your topics.  

 Experience Reports   
 Authors of Experience Report share their first-hand experience of challenges faced, approaches taken, and observations and insights gained. These personal stories are are a resource to those who want perspectives on what others are doing and the lessons they have learned along the way in practicing Agile and Lean software development. Experience Reports will be published on the Agile Alliance website.  

 Research Papers   
 Presentation of research papers on topics across the full spectrum of Agile software development and broader Agile issues of interest to both researchers and practitioners.  

 Interactive Track (with Engineering!)   
 Next to our planned content programming, XP 2023 will have a full, guided, interactive track aimed at bringing participants together, facilitate networking and shared learning, and making room for everyone to be fully engaged. We will also have a unique Engineering Interactive Track, where we can practice what we preach and build software together throughout the conference in a continuous, ensemble programming, session.  

 Industry & Practice   
 Workshops, demonstrations, and presentations based on the speaker’s experience and practice working in the industry. The theme for these session reflects that of the conference: “Whole Team Sustainability” with main topics around Leadership and Culture, Engineering, Product and Design, Process Innovation, Agile in Education and Training, and Sustainability  

 Open Access Publication   
 All peer-reviewed academic research presented at the conference will be available on the website as an open access Springer publication. We believe that research is useful to practitioners and should be shared widely, not hidden behind a paywall. There will be two publications, one before and one after the conference, containing research papers and workshop papers.  

 Register Now     

 Cancellations/Substitutions/Refunds   
  All regular cancellations must be received in writing by email no later than May 13, 2023, at 5:00 pm EDT. A €150 processing fee will be incurred. Cancellations made after the deadline of July 1, 2023, at 5:00 pm EDT as well as “no-shows” are liable for the full registration fee.   
 Substitutions  from the same organization are welcome with no additional fee as long as the substitute qualifies for the same type of registration (member/non-member/academic). If the substitute attendee does not qualify for your rate, an additional fee may be required.   
 Email registration@agilealliance.org    with requests.   
 No-shows are liable for the entire conference fee.   
 Agile Alliance reserves the right to cancel the event or substitute speakers. In the unlikely event that Agile Alliance should have to cancel the Agile2023 conference, attendees will be refunded for the amount paid for the conference.    

 ©2023 Agile Alliance