  Skip to main content 
    AAAI  
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence  
   
  Menu  AAAI  
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence 

  Menu   About AAAI | News 
  Officers and Committees 
  Staff 
  Bylaws 
  Awards | Fellows Program 
  Classic Paper Award 
  Dissertation Award 
  Distinguished Service Award 
  Allen Newell Award 
  Outstanding Paper Award 
  Award for Artificial Intelligence for the Benefit of Humanity 
  Feigenbaum Prize 
  Patrick Henry Winston Outstanding Educator Award 
  Engelmore Award 
  AAAI ISEF Awards 
  Senior Member Status 
  Conference Awards 
  Partnerships 
  Resources 
  Mailing Lists 
  Past Presidential Addresses 
  Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures 
  Past Policy Reports | The Role of Intelligent Systems in the National Information Infrastructure (1995) 
  A Report to ARPA on Twenty-First Century Intelligent Systems (1994) 
  Logos 
  Ethics & Diversity 
  Conferences & Symposia | AAAI Conference 
  AIES AAAI/ACM 
  AIIDE 
  EAAI 
  HCOMP 
  IAAI 
  ICWSM 
  Spring Symposia 
  Summer Symposia 
  Fall Symposia 
  Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events 
  Publications | AI Magazine 
  Conference Proceedings 
  AAAI Publication Policies & Guidelines 
  Request to Reproduce Copyrighted Materials 
  Contribute 
  Order Proceedings 
  AI Magazine 
  Membership | Member Login 
  Chapters 
   AI Jobs 
  AITopics 
  Contact 
   Twitter 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 

 Home   / About AAAI   / AAAI Awards and Recognitions   / AAAI Classic Paper Award     
 AAAI Classic Paper Award  
  
 The AAAI Classic Paper award honors the author(s) of paper(s) deemed most influential, chosen from a specific conference year. Each year, the time period considered will advance by one year. The 2025 award will be given to the most influential paper(s) from the Twenty-Fourth Conference on Artificial Intelligence.  
 Papers will be judged on the basis of impact, for example:  
 Started a new research (sub)area 
  Led to important applications 
  Answered a long-standing question/issue or clarified what had been murky 
  Made a major advance that figures in the history of the subarea 
  Has been picked up as important and used by other areas within (or outside of) AI 
  Has been very heavily cited 
  All members of the artificial intelligence community are encouraged to submit nominations for this award. Candidacy is not limited to AAAI members, nor to people still active in artificial intelligence. Posthumous awards will be considered.  
 Nominations will be reviewed by the AAAI Awards Committee. Nominations are due September 20, 2024.  
 The award will be presented at the AAAI-25 conference in Philadelphia, PA, USA. A total of $1,000 in travel support is available to enable the author(s) to travel to the conference to accept the award in person.  
 For more information regarding these awards, please contact AAAI ( awards@aaai.org  ).  
 Classic Paper Award Nomination Form 

 2024  
 Classic Paper Recipients: | Brian Ziebart, Andrew Maas, Andrew Bagnell, Anind Dey | Maximum Entropy Inverse Reinforcement Learning | For introducing entropy regularization to Reinforcement Learning that led to improvements in predictive accuracy of forecasting, imitation learning, decision making, and Human-AI alignment. 
  Past Recipients  
  
 2023  
 Classic Paper Recipients: | Kenny Daniel, Alex Nash, Sven Koenig, and Ariel Felner | Theta*: Any-Angle Path Planning on Grids 
  2022  
 Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Michael Montemerlo, Sebastian Thrun, Hendrik Dahlkamp, David Stavens, Sven Strohband | Winning the DARPA Grand Challenge with an AI Robot presented at the Twenty-First National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, held in 2006 in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. | For breaking barriers in autonomous land vehicles through innovations in probabilistic reasoning to address sensor noise and path planning to control driving parameters. 
  Classic Paper Honorable Mention Recipients: | Rada Mihalcea, Courtney Corley, and Carlo Strapparava | Corpus-Based and Knowledge-Based Measures of Text Semantic Similarity presented at the Twenty-First National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, held in 2006 in Boston, Massachusetts, USA | For pioneering work on using word semantics to assess text similarity. 
  2021  
 Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Diego Calvanese, Giuseppe De Giacomo, Domenico Lembo, Maurizio Lenzerini, and Riccardo Rosati | DL-Lite: Tractable Description Logics for Ontologies presented at the Twentieth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, held in 2005 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. | For proposing basic knowledge representation languages with low complexity of reasoning that have had significant impact beyond AI into semantic foundations for the Web. 
  2020  
 Classic Paper Award Recipient: | Ulrich Junker | QUICKXPLAIN: Preferred Explanations and Relaxations for Over-Constrained Problems | resented at the Nineteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, held in 2004 in San Jose, California, USA. | For developing an influential approach for formalizing and efficiently computing user-preferred failure explanations in over-constrained problems. 
  2019  
 Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Prem Melville, Raymond J. Mooney, and Ramadass Nagarajan | Content-Boosted Collaborative Filtering for Improved Recommendations | presented at the Eighteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, held in 2002 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada | For showing a way to complement content-based and collaborative filtering approaches in recommendation systems. 
  Classic Paper Honorable Mention Recipients: | Sven Koenig and Maxim Likhachev | D*Lite | presented at the Eighteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, held in 2002 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada | For developing an incremental heuristic search algorithm for robot navigation in unknown terrain that is easy to understand, analyze and extend. 
  2018  
 Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Natasha Noy and Mark A. Musen | PROMPT: Algorithm and Tool for Automated Ontology Merging and Alignment | presented at the Seventeenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-2000), Austin, Texas, USA | For pioneering ontology matching and integration research, by identifying the specifics of the problem and providing a first innovative solution. 
  2017  
 Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Dieter Fox, Wolfram Burgard, Frank Dellaert, and Sebastian Thrun | Monte Carlo Localization: Efficient Position Estimation for Mobile Robots | presented at the Sixteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-99), Orlando, Florida, USA | For pioneering the application of particle filtering to provide an effective and scalable method for robot localization. 
  Classic Paper Honorable Mention Recipients: | Nathaniel Good, J. Ben Schafer, Joseph A. Konstan, Al Borchers, Badrul Sarwar, Jon Herlocker, and John Riedl | Combining Collaborative Filtering with Personal Agents for Better Recommendations | presented at the Sixteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-99), Orlando, Florida, USA | For developing an effective way to combine collaborative filtering and content filtering to provide better recommendations to users. 
  Classic Paper Honorable Mention Recipients: | Ellen Riloff and Rosie Jones | Learning Dictionaries for Information Extraction by Multi-Level Bootstrapping | presented at the Sixteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-99), Orlando, Florida, USA | For introducing a mutual bootstrapping technique for information extraction that simultaneously learns the semantic lexicon and the extraction patterns. 
  2016  
 Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Wolfram Burgard, Armin B. Cremers, Dieter Fox, Dirk Hähnel, Gerhard Lakemeyer, Dirk Schulz, Walter Steiner, and Sebastian Thrun | The Interactive Museum Tour-Guide Robot | Presented at the Fifteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-98), Madison, Wisconsin, USA | For significant contributions to probabilistic robot navigation and the integration with high-level planning methods. 
  Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Carla P. Gomes, Bart Selman, and Henry Kautz | Boosting Combinatorial Search through Randomization | Presented at the Fifteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-98), Madison, Wisconsin, USA | For significant contributions to the area of automated reasoning and constraint solving through the introduction of randomization and restarts into complete solvers. 
  2015  
 Classic Paper Award Recipient: | Eugene Charniak | Statistical Parsing with a Context-Free Grammar and Word Statistics | presented at the Fourteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-97), Providence, Rhode Island, USA | For significant contributions to sentence parsing and language models based on probabilities of possible alternative parses. 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Roberto J. Bayardo Jr. and Robert C. Schrag | Using CSP Look-Back Techniques to Solve Real-World SAT Instances | presented at the Fourteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-97), Providence, Rhode Island, USA | For significant contributions to enhance proof procedures for propositional satisfiability on large instances of real-world problems. 
  2014  
 Classic Paper Award Recipients: | Michael J. Pazzani, Jack Muramatsu, and Daniel Billsus | Syskill & Webert: Identifying Interesting Web Sites | presented at the Thirteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-96), Portland, Oregon, USA | For significant contributions to the field of personalizing Internet content and learning user profiles. 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Wolfram Burgard, Dieter Fox, Daniel Hennig, and Timo Schmidt | Estimating the Absolute Position of a Mobile Robot Using Position Probability Grids | presented at the Thirteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-96), Portland, Oregon, USA | For significant contributions to solving the problem of self-localization of mobile robots. 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Henry Kautz and Bart Selman | Pushing the Envelope: Planning, Propositional Logic, and Stochastic Search | presented at the Thirteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-96), Portland, Oregon, USA | For establishing satisfiability testing as a wide-ranging method for solving planning problems. 
  2013  
 Classic Paper Award Recipient: | Jean-Charles Rëgin | A Filtering Algorithm for Constraints of Difference in CSPs | presented at the Twelfth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-94), Seattle, Washington, USA | For groundbreaking contributions to constraint programming via the development of one of the first propagators for global constraints. 
  Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Anthony R. Cassandra, Leslie Pack Kaelbling and Michael L. Littman | Acting Optimally in Partially Observable Stochastic Domains | presented at the Twelfth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-94), Seattle, Washington, USA | For significant contributions to the application of POMDP models in AI and to practical algorithms for their solution. 
  2012  
 Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Pattie Maes and Robyn Kozierok | Learning Interface Agents | presented at the Eleventh National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-93), Washington, DC, USA | Citation: | For highlighting directions and opportunities with harnessing machine learning and inference in automated personal assistance and human-computer interaction. 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Christian Bessiere and Marie-Odile Cordier | Arc-Consistency and Arc-Consistency Again | presented at the Eleventh National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-93), Washington, DC, USA | Citation: | For contributions to the foundations of constraint programming, providing an influential optimal propagation algorithm. 
  Honorable Mention Recipient: | Ellen Riloff | Automatically Constructing a Dictionary for Information Extraction Tasks | presented at the Eleventh National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-93), Washington, DC, USA | Citation: | For contributions to automated information extraction from text corpora leveraging natural language processing and structural analysis of news reports. 
  2011  
 Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Hector Levesque, David Mitchell, and Bart Selman | for their two papers | Hard and Easy Distribution of SAT Problems | and | A New Method for Solving Hard Satisfiability Problems | presented at the Tenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-92), San Jose, California | Citation: | For their significant contributions to the area of automated reasoning via methods and analyses on satisfiability, providing foundational insights about constraint satisfaction and search. 
  2010  
 Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | David McAllester and David Rosenblitt | Systematic Nonlinear Planning | presented at the Ninth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-91), Anaheim, California | Citation: | For contributing seminal principles of systematic nonlinear planning, with wide-ranging influences on the evolution of research on automated planning. 
  2008  
 Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Steven Minton, Mark D. Johnston, Andrew B. Philips, and Philip Laird | Solving Large-Scale Constraint Satisfaction and Scheduling Problems Using a Heuristic Repair Method | presented at the Eighth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-90), Boston, Massachusetts | Citation: | For a seminal contribution to stochastic local search for constraint satisfaction and its broad influence on local search algorithms and applications in artificial intelligence. 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Pattie Maes and Rodney A. Brooks | Learning to Coordinate Behaviors | presented at the Eighth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-90), Boston, Massachusetts | Citation: | For pioneering work on machine learning applied to the field of robotics, and on advancing the field of behavioral robotics. 
  2007  
 Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Peter Cheeseman, Matthew Self, Jim Kelly, Will Taylor, and Don Freeman | Bayesian Classification | presented at the Seventh National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-88), St. Paul, Minnesota 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Benjamin J. Kuipers and Yung-Tai Byun | A Robust, Qualitative Method for Robot Spatial Learning | presented at the Seventh National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-88), St. Paul, Minnesota 
  2006  
 Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Philip E. Agre and David Chapman | Pengi: An Implementation of a Theory of Activity, | presented at the Sixth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-87), Seattle, Washington 
  Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Amy Lansky and Michael P. Georgeff | Reactive Reasoning and Planning, | presented at the Sixth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-87), Seattle, Washington 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Judea Pearl and Thomas Verma | The Logic of Representing Dependencies by Directed Graphs, | presented at the Sixth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-87), Seattle, Washington 
  Honorable Mention Corecipient: | Richard E Korf | Real-Time Heuristic Search: First Results, | presented at the Sixth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-87), Seattle, Washington 
  2005  
 Classic Paper Award Corecipient: | David Haussler | Quantifying the Inductive Bias in Concept Learning (extended abstract), | presented at the Fifth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-86), Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  Classic Paper Award Corecipients: | Steve Hanks and Drew McDermott | Default Reasoning, Nonmonotonic Logics, and the Frame Problem, | presented at the Fifth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-86), Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  2004  
 Classic Paper Award Recipient: | Hector Levesque | A Logic of Implicit and Explicit Belief, | presented at the Fourth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-84), Austin, Texas 
  Honorable Mention Corecipient: | Michael Georgeff, for | A Theory of Action for MultiAgent Planning 
  Honorable Mention Corecipients: | Ronald J. Brachman and Hector J. Levesque, for | The Tractability of Subsumption in Frame-Based Description Languages 
  2002  
 Classic Paper Award Recipient: | John Canny | A Variational Approach to Edge Detection, | presented at the Third National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-83), Washington, D.C. 
  2000  
 Classic Paper Award Recipient: | Judea Pearl | Reverend Bayes on Inference Engines: A Distributed Hierarchical Approach, | presented at the Second National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-82), Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
  1999  
 Classic Paper Award Recipient: | John McDermott | R1: An Expert in the Computer Systems Domain, | presented at the First National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-80), Stanford University, Stanford, California. 

 This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. Copyright  © 2024 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence.  
  Your use of this site is subject to our Terms and Conditions  and Privacy Policy  .  

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

   