Search  

 Home 
  Keynotes 
  Program 
  Workshop & Tutorial 
  Attending | Registration   Venue   Accommodation 
  Calls | Main track   Doctoral Symposium   Case Study   Workshops & Tutorials 
  Important Dates 
  Team 
  ABZ Series 

 ABZ 2025 – 11th International Conference on Rigorous State Based Methods  

 Call for papers  
 The ABZ conference is dedicated to the cross-fertilization of state-based and machine-based formal methods, like Abstract State Machines (ASM), Alloy, B, TLA, VDM and Z, that share a common conceptual foundation and are widely used in both academia and industry for the design and analysis of hardware and software systems. The conference aims for a vital exchange of knowledge and experience among the research communities around different formal methods.  
 The name ABZ goes back to the first conference in London in 2008, where the ASM, B and Z conference series were merged into a joint event. In the following years other formal methods were added, e.g. Alloy in 2010 (Orford, Canada), VDM in 2012 (Pisa, Italy), and TLA+ in 2014 (Toulouse, France). After the also successful 2016 conferences in Linz, Austria, and 2018 in Southampton, UK, it was decided to name the conference “ABZ: International Conference on Rigorous State Based Methods”, to stress the openness for further state-based formal methods. We hope to continue many fruitful discussions between representatives of the individual methods in the past, which will bring us closer to the common goal of this research community: the creation of reliable and safe software and systems.  
 ABZ 2025 will have a main conference track, a case study track, a doctoral symposium, tutorials, and workshops.  
 Main Conference 
  Case Study 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Tutorials and Workshops 
  Accepted papers will appear in the Springer LNCS proceedings.  
     
 Submission Process  
 Authors should consult Springer’s authors' guidelines  and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX  or for Word  , for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 Authors interested in contributing to ABZ 2025 in Open Access or Open Choice should refer to the corresponding Springer webpage  .  

 Copyright © 2024 ABZ Conference · Site Notice       

 Cite  
 ×     
     
  Copy   Download    

  