Skip to content  Click here to book your hotel reservation today! 

 Click here to book your hotel reservation today! 

 Registration | Visa Information 
  Scholarships 
  Submissions | Important Dates 
  Author Guidelines 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Program | Workshops/Tutorials 
  Venue 
  Visting Hanoi 
  Organizers 
  Sponsors 
  Become A Sponsor 

 Submissions   
 Call for Workshop Proposals  

 Call For Workshop Proposals  
 Workshop Chairs:   
 Vineeth Balasubramanian (IIT-Hyderabad)   
 Anh Tran (VinAI Research)   
 Proposal Deadline:  June 9, 2024    
   Notification by:  June 30, 2024   
 Email  : accv24-workshop-chairs@googlegroups.com    
 We are soliciting proposals for in-person workshops to be held together with the 17th Asian Conference on Computer Vision (ACCV) 2024 in Hanoi, Vietnam. Workshops — co-located with ACML 2024 – will take place on the 8th and 9th of December, 2024.   
 The purpose of workshops is to provide a comprehensive forum on emerging topics that will not be fully explored in the main conference and to encourage in-­depth discussion of various technical and application, and community issues in computer vision. We also welcome “Challenge Workshops” that aim to compare new and established methods on common data sets. Workshop registration, venue, as well as proceedings will be handled as part of the main conference by the ACCV organizers.   
 The selection process for workshop space, time and topic coverage will be competitive. We will consider topic coverage, the proposers’ credentials, the interested audience, and relevance of the topic in the selection process. Please note that proposers may be asked to provide additional information, modify aspects of their proposals, or merge their proposal with other ones.   
 Proposals should be submitted in PDF format (max 4 pages without references, single-column, not less than 10.5 font size) by email to the workshop chairs (  accv24-workshop-chairs@googlegroups.com   ) by  May 31, 2024 (23:59 AoE time)   . The candidate workshop organizers will be notified of the decision by June 30, 2024.  When preparing a proposal, please note that ACCV regular paper acceptance notification is on September 20, 2024.    
 The proposals should include the following information:   
 1. TECHNICAL INFORMATION   
 Workshop title 
  Topics that will be covered, with descriptions of why they are relevant. 
  Description of how this proposal relates to the workshops at previous ACCV and CVPR/ICCV/ECCV etc. (be as specific as possible). 
   
 2. ORGANIZERS AND SPEAKERS   
 Organizers’ names, titles and affiliations, with one, potentially two, contact emails of reliably responsive organizers. 
  Background and experience that makes the proposers well-suited for organizing the workshop, including brief biographies. 
  In case this event is part of a workshop series, please provide URLs to the web pages of relevant past events and/or any other relevant information. 
  List of invited speakers. Please list only speakers that confirmed or tentatively confirmed their attendance. For each speaker, please indicate if confirmation is tentative or final. 
  3. LOGISTICS   
 Preference for half-day or full-day event (Note that your workshop may be accepted as a half-day event due to space limitation regardless of your request in proposal.) 
  Tentative program committee. 
  Please indicate one of the following options describing the nature of your event: | Workshop is primarily an invited speaker event 
  Workshop is primarily a peer-reviewed paper event (orals/posters) 
  Workshop will have a roughly even split between invited speakers and peer-reviewed papers 
  Please also indicate if you plan to run a competition with your workshop. 
  If relevant, please provide a paper review timeline. 
  If the workshop includes peer-reviewed papers, will these papers be published in proceedings? (If the answer is yes, you may need to follow the publication schedule of the main conference.) 
  If posters are considered, how many are expected? Note that the conference may limit the number of posters based on available space. 
  Special space or equipment requests, if any. 
  4. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   
 After acceptance, workshops will be required to prepare their own websites, separate from the ACCV 2024 webpage. These pages will include workshop details, organizers, dates, submission instructions and, once finalized, the workshop program. 
  Accepted workshops must provide their program material using a conference Google sheet for producing program/app information. 
  Since ACML 2024 and ACCV 2024 are co-located, please confirm whether you’d be okay if this workshop is shared between the two conferences (Note that workshop chairs will make the final decision on this, based on the overall conference logistics). 
  Additional Contact Information:  
 Note that all workshops are to be in-person. For any questions, please contact the workshop chairs via email at:  accv24-workshop-chairs@googlegroups.com   .   

 Copyright 2024 © ACCV 2024  | Website Designed and Developed By Digital Sprout    

  Registration | Visa Information 
  Scholarships 
  Submissions | Important Dates 
  Author Guidelines 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Program | Workshops/Tutorials 
  Venue 
  Visting Hanoi 
  Organizers 
  Sponsors 
  - 
  Newsletter 

  