ACML 2023    
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Distinguished Contribution Award 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  Program | Accepted Papers 
  Conference Schedule 
  Invited Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Attend | Accommodation 
  Conference Venue 
  Explore İstanbul 
  Registration 
  Visas 
  Organization | Contact 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 

 Calls 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers  
   
 The 15 th  Asian Conference on Machine Learning (ACML 2023) will take place between November 11 - 14, 2023 in İstanbul, Turkey. The conference aims to provide a leading international forum for researchers in machine learning and related fields to share their new ideas, progress and achievements.  
 The conference calls for high-quality, original research papers in the theory and practice of machine learning. The conference also solicits proposals focusing on frontier research, new ideas and paradigms in machine learning. We encourage submissions from all parts of the world, not only confined to the Asia-Pacific region.  
 The conference runs two publication tracks, authors may submit either to:  
 Conference Track: | (16-page limit with references) for which the proceedings will be published as a volume of Proceedings of Machine Learning Research Workshop and Conference Proceedings (PMLR). 
  Journal Track: | (20-page limit with references) for which accepted papers will appear in a special issue of the Springer Machine Learning Journal (MLJ). 
  Important Dates  
 Kindly note that all deadlines would be at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth)  .  
 (subject to minor changes in case there are conflicts with timelines of other major ML conferences)  
  
 Conference Track |  
 30 June 2023  23 June 2023 | Submission deadline (Note that submission deadline has been extended by one week) 
 18 August 2023  11 August 2023 | Reviews released to authors 
 25 August 2023  18 August 2023 | Author rebuttal deadline 
 08 September 2023 | Acceptance notification 
 29 September 2023 | Camera-ready submission deadline 
 Journal Track |  
 02 June 2023  26 May 2023 | Submission deadline (Note that submission deadline has been extended by one week, and "S.I.: ACML 2023" will be activated quite soon in Springer’s Editorial Manager) 
 28 July 2023  07 July 2023 | 1 st  round review results (accept, minor revision, or reject) 
 01 September 2023  11 August 2023 | Revised manuscript submission deadline (for minor revision papers) 
 29 September 2023  08 September 2023 | Acceptance notification 
 29 September 2023 | Camera-ready submission deadline 
  
 Topics  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  
 General machine learning methodologies 
  Active learning 
  Bayesian machine learning 
  Dimensionality reduction 
  Feature selection 
  Graphical models 
  Imitation Learning 
  Latent variable models 
  Learning for big data 
  Learning from noisy supervision 
  Learning in graphs 
  Multi-objective learning 
  Multiple instance learning 
  Multi-task learning 
  Neuro-symbolic methods 
  Online learning 
  Optimization 
  Reinforcement learning 
  Relational learning 
  Semi-supervised learning 
  Sparse learning 
  Structured output learning 
  Supervised learning 
  Transfer learning 
  Unsupervised learning 
  Other machine learning methodologies 
  Deep learning 
  Architectures 
  Attention mechanism and transformers 
  Deep learning theory 
  Deep reinforcement learning 
  Generative models 
  Supervised learning 
  Other topics in deep learning 
  Theory 
  Bandits 
  Computational learning theory 
  Game theory 
  Matrix/tensor methods 
  Optimization 
  Statistical learning theory 
  Other theories 
  Datasets and reproducibility 
  Implementations, libraries 
  ML datasets and benchmarks 
  Other topics in reproducible ML research 
  Trustworthy machine learning 
  Accountability, explainability, transparency 
  Causality 
  Fairness 
  Privacy 
  Robustness 
  Other topics in trustworthy ML 
  Learning in knowledge-intensive systems 
  Knowledge refinement and theory revision 
  Multi-strategy learning 
  Other systems 
  Applications 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biomedical informatics 
  Climate science 
  Collaborative filtering 
  Computer vision 
  COVID-19 related research 
  Healthcare 
  Human activity recognition 
  Information retrieval 
  Natural language processing 
  Social good 
  Social networks 
  Web search 
  Other applications 
  Submission Instructions  
 Similar to previous years, ACML 2023 has two publication tracks  . Authors may submit either to:  
 Conference Track: | (16-page limit with references) for which the proceedings will be published as a volume of Proceedings of Machine Learning Research Workshop and Conference Proceedings (PMLR). 
  Journal Track: | (20-page limit with references) for which accepted papers will appear in a special issue of the Springer Machine Learning Journal (MLJ). 
  Please note that submission procedures for the two tracks are different. Please read the instructions carefully before submitting.    
 Conference Track  
 Submission Deadline: June 30, 2023  June 23, 2023   For the conference track, please submit your manuscript via CMT at: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ACML2023  .  
 IMPORTANT:   When creating a new submission on CMT, please ensure you choose the "Conference"  track.  
 The Latex submission template and style file can be found here: ACML2023_submission_template.zip  .  
  The Latex camera-ready template and style file can be found here: ACML2023_camera-ready_template.zip  .  
 Manuscripts must be written in English, be a maximum of 16 pages (including references, appendices, etc.) and follow the PMLR style. If required, supplementary material may be submitted as a separate file, but reviewers are not obliged to consider this.  
 All conference track submissions must be anonymized  . Submissions that are not anonymized, over-length, or not in the correct format will be rejected without review. To anonymize, simply leave the author information empty in the Tex template. There is no separate format for anonymizing.  
 It is not appropriate to submit papers that are substantially similar to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to other conferences or journals. However, submission is permitted for papers presented or to be presented at conferences or workshops without proceedings, or with only abstracts published. Also, submission is permitted for papers that are available as a technical report (e.g., in arXiv) as long as it is not cited in the submission.  
 Journal Track  
 Submission Deadline: June 02, 2023  May 26, 2023   In addition to the conference track, this year’s ACML will run a journal track, similar to previous years. Papers that are accepted to the journal track must be presented at the conference in order to be published.  
 IMPORTANT:   Similar to previous years, for the journal track, the abstract and the paper must be submitted to two different systems simultaneously   for the purpose of review management:  
 First, please submit ONLY the title and abstract via CMT at: | https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ACML2023. | (paper manuscript need not be submitted here). When creating the submission on CMT, please choose the | "Journal" | track. 
  Then, please submit the paper via Springer’s Editorial Manager system at: | https://www.editorialmanager.com/mach. | When creating a new submission on Springer’s Editorial Manager, please make sure to choose | "S.I.: ACML 2023" | as the article type. 
  For the journal track, manuscripts must be written in English with a maximum of 20 pages (including references, appendices, etc.). For the template and style files, please follow the instructions for authors on the journal website: https://www.springer.com/computer/ai/journal/10994  .  
 The journal track will follow the reviewing process of the Machine Learning journal. This includes allowing papers that require minor changes to be resubmitted after a first-round review. The journal track committee will aim to complete the reviewing process in time for this year’s conference. In the unlikely event that the reviewing process for a paper is not completed in time (for this year’s conference), the paper will not be considered for the conference and the review will be completed as a regular submission to the Machine Learning journal.  
 The journal track review is single-blind, i.e., the authors’ identity will be visible to reviewers. It is not appropriate to submit papers that are substantially similar to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to other conferences or journals. Submissions that are not in the correct format will be rejected without review. In addition, extended versions of published conference papers are not eligible for journal track submission. However, submission is permitted for papers presented or to be presented at conferences or workshops without proceedings, or with only abstracts published. Also, submission is permitted for papers that are available as a technical report (e.g., in arXiv).  

    