Skip links  
 Skip to primary navigation 
  Skip to content 
  Skip to footer 
   
    Home 
  About us | About ACML 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  News 
  Registration 
  Calls | Sponsors 
  Papers (Closed) 
  Award Nominations (Closed) 
  Workshops (Closed) 
  Tutorials (Closed) 
  Program | Accepted Papers 
  Conference Schedule 
  Invited Speakers 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Venues and Travel | Venues 
  Visa 
  Accommodation 
  Explore Vietnam 
  Dining Options 
  Contacts 
  Toggle menu    

  Toggle Menu  Call For | Sponsors 
  Papers (Closed) 
  Award Nominations (Closed) 
  Workshops (Closed) 
  Tutorials (Closed) 
   
  On this page  
  
 Submission Instructions | Conference Track 
  Journal Track 
  Important Dates | Conference Track Dates 
  Journal Track Dates 
  Topics 

  Call for Papers (Closed)  
  
 The 16th Asian Conference on Machine Learning (ACML 2024) will take place between December 5th - 8th, 2024 in Hanoi, Vietnam. The conference aims to provide a leading international forum for researchers in machine learning and related fields to share their new ideas, progress and achievements.  
  The conference calls for high-quality, original research papers in the theory and practice of machine learning. The conference also solicits proposals focusing on frontier research, new ideas and paradigms in machine learning. We encourage submissions from all parts of the world, not only confined to the Asia-Pacific region.  
 Submission Instructions  
 Similar to previous years, ACML 2024 has two publication tracks. Each paper may be submitted to either:  
 Conference Track  
 Conference Track: (16-page limit with references) for which the proceedings will be published as a volume of Proceedings of Machine Learning Research Workshop and Conference Proceedings (PMLR).  
  Submission Deadline: 03 July 2024   
  For the conference track, please submit your manuscript via OpenReview at:  
  https://openreview.net/group?id=ACML.org/2024/Conference   
  Manuscripts must be written in English, and should follow the Latex submission template and style file here ACML2024_submission_template.zip  with a 16-page limit, including references and appendix. Supplementary materials may be submitted as a separate file, but reviewers are not obliged to consider it.  
  All conference track submissions must be anonymized for double-blinded review. Submissions that are not anonymized, over-length, or not in the correct format will be rejected without review. To anonymize, simply leave the author information empty in the Tex template. There is no separate format for anonymizing.  
  It is not appropriate to submit papers that are substantially similar to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to other conferences or journals (including our journal track). However, submission is permitted for papers presented or to be presented at conferences or workshops without proceedings, or with only abstracts published. Also, submission is permitted for papers that are available as a technical report (e.g., in arXiv) as long as it is not cited in the submission.  
 Journal Track  
 Submission Deadline: May 29, 2024   
  In addition to the conference track, this year’s ACML will run a journal track, similar to previous years. Papers that are accepted to the journal track must be presented at the conference in order to be published.   
  IMPORTANT  : Similar to previous years, for the journal track, the abstract and the paper must be submitted to two different systems simultaneously  for the purpose of review management:  
 1) First, please submit ONLY the title and abstract via OpenReview at ACML 2024 Journal Track | OpenReview  : (paper manuscript need not be submitted here).  
  2) Then, please submit the full paper via Springer Nature’s manuscript submission system at: Select article type : Machine Learning (springernature.com)  . When creating a new submission on Springer’s Editorial Manager, please make sure to choose “Special Issue for ACML 2024” as the article type.  
 Failure to submit to both systems will result in desk-reject of the paper.  
 For the journal track, manuscripts must be written in English with a maximum of 20 pages (including references, appendices, etc.). For the template and style files, please follow the instructions for authors on the journal website: https://www.springer.com/computer/ai/journal/10994  .  
 The journal track will follow the reviewing process of the Machine Learning journal. This includes allowing papers that require minor changes to be resubmitted after a first-round review. The journal track committee will aim to complete the reviewing process in time for this year’s conference. In the unlikely event that the reviewing process for a paper is not completed in time (for this year’s conference), the paper will not be considered for the conference and the review will be completed as a regular submission to the Machine Learning journal.  
 The journal track review is single-blind, i.e., the authors’ identity will be visible to reviewers. It is not appropriate to submit papers that are substantially similar to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to other conferences or journals. Submissions that are not in the correct format will be rejected without review. In addition, extended versions of published conference papers are not eligible for journal track submission. However, submission is permitted for papers presented or to be presented at conferences or workshops without proceedings, or with only abstracts published. Also, submission is permitted for papers that are available as a technical report (e.g., in arXiv).  
 Important Dates  
 Kindly note that all deadlines would be at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth) unless otherwise specified.  
 Conference Track Dates  
  
 Date | Event 
 03 July 2024 | Submission deadline 
 14 August 2024 | Reviews released to authors 
 21 August 2024 | Author rebuttal deadline 
 04 September 2024 | Acceptance notification 
 02 October 2024 | Camera-ready submission deadline 

 Journal Track Dates  
  
 Date | Event 
 29 May 2024 | Submission deadline 
 Late July 2024 | 1st round review results (accept, minor revision, or reject) 
 Mid August 2024 | Revised manuscript submission deadline (for minor revision papers) 
 04 September 2024 | Acceptance notification 
 29 September 2024 | Camera-ready submission deadline 
 December 2024 | Camera-ready submission after presentation at the conference 

 Topics  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  
 General machine learning | Active learning 
  Bayesian machine learning 
  Clustering 
  Imitation Learning 
  Learning to Rank 
  Meta-Learning 
  Multi-objective learning 
  Multiple instance learning 
  Multi-task learning 
  Neuro-symbolic methods 
  Online learning 
  Optimization 
  Reinforcement learning 
  Relational learning 
  Self-supervised learning 
  Semi-supervised learning 
  Structured output learning 
  Supervised learning 
  Transfer learning 
  Unsupervised learning 
  Weakly-supervised learning 
  Other machine learning methodologies 
  Deep learning | Architectures 
  Deep reinforcement learning 
  Generative models 
  Large-language models and other foundation models 
  Deep learning theory 
  Other topics in deep learning 
  Theory | Bandits 
  Computational learning theory 
  Game theory 
  Optimization 
  Statistical learning theory 
  Other theories 
  Datasets and reproducibility | Implementations, libraries 
  ML datasets and benchmarks 
  Other topics in reproducible ML research 
  Trustworthy machine learning | Accountability, explainability, transparency 
  Causality 
  Fairness 
  Privacy 
  Robustness 
  AutoML 
  Other topics in trustworthy ML 
  Learning in knowledge-intensive systems | Knowledge refinement and theory revision 
  Multi-strategy learning 
  Other systems 
  Applications | Bioinformatics 
  Biomedical informatics 
  Climate science 
  Collaborative filtering 
  Computer vision 
  Healthcare 
  Human activity recognition 
  Information retrieval 
  Natural language processing 
  Social good 
  Social networks 
  Web search 
  Other applications 

  Asian Conference on Machine Learning  
   
 Contact Us   
 Email:  acml_2024@googlegroups.com   
 Address:  VinUniversity, Vinhomes Ocean Park, Da Ton, Gia Lam Dist, Hanoi   

 Follow Us   

  