  

 Home 
  Organization 
  Program | Day 1 : July 9th 
  Day 2 : July 10th 
  Day 3 : July 11th 
  Day 4 : July 12th 
  Registration 
  Call for Submissions | Papers and Posters 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Demos 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Doctoral 
  Venue 

 Papers and Posters  
  
 Call for Papers and Posters  

 The AIME 2024 conference invites all interested researchers to submit original contributions regarding the development of theory, methods, systems, and applications of Artificial Intelligence in biomedicine, including the application of AI approaches in biomedical informatics, healthcare organization and molecular medicine.   

 Presented Posters - Extended abstracts  

 Bellow you can find the extended abstracts of the posters presented during the AIME 2024 Conference.   

   Download Abstracts      

 Important Dates  

 Milestone | Date 
 Submission open | October 15th, 2023 
 Paper (both full- and short) and Poster submission deadline | April 5th, 2024 
 Notification of acceptance | April 15th, 2024 
 Camera-ready submission deadline | April 21st, 2024 
 Main conference | July 9th - 12th, 2024 

 Submission  

 Papers and posters should be submitted to the AIME 2024 Easychair Website   .  
 The conference features regular papers in two categories (please note if you submit a paper as a student):  
 Full | research papers (up to 10 pages, including references), appendix up to 10 pages. 
  Short and Demo | papers (4 to 5 pages, including references) describing either: 
  a short research project, 
  a demonstration of implemented systems, or 
  late-breaking results (work-in-progress). 
  Posters (1 to 2 pages consisting of a structured extended abstract) describing either: 
  work-in-progress research, with preliminary results; 
  an AI-based clinical study or protocol thereof (e.g. validation of an AI tool in a specific clinical setting, or an implementation of an AI tool in a clinical institution), or 
  system prototypes and early-stage methodological work (e.g. a new algorithm with pseudo-code but only prototypical implementation and no validation study). 
  the extended abstract comprises background, methods, results, discussion and references. 
  Arial or Times New Roman size 11 are recommended fonts for submissions. 
  Accepted extended abstracts will be presented at the poster sessions and will be published on the AIME website  .  
 Papers should be formatted according to  Springer’s LNCS format  and one of the topics must be selected during submission (  Full research paper  ,  Short paper  ,  Demo paper  ). Authors can include an appendix that does not count towards the page limit, however there is no guarantee that reviewers will read it. Authors should consult Springer’s  authors’ guidelines  and use their proceedings templates, either for  LaTeX  or for  Word  , for the preparation of their papers. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available in  Overleaf  . Springer encourages authors to include their  ORCIDs  in their papers. All accepted papers will appear in the conference proceedings which will be published as part of Springer’s  Lecture Notes in AI  series. Proceedings from previous AIME conferences can be viewed on  SpringerLink  . In addition, the corresponding author of each accepted paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.   
 In addition, the authors of the best submissions will be invited to expand and refine their papers for possible publication in the Artificial Intelligence in Medicine  journal (Elsevier)  .  
 Demos of applications are welcome, authors must submit a demo paper (see above). At the demo track there will bee opportunities for presenting software to individuals and small groups of participants.  
 The proceedings will be published by Springer as part of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI), a subseries of LNCS focusing on Artificial Intelligence. This requires at least one full registration to be paid for each published paper.  
 Proceedings from prior AIME conferences can be viewed on SpringerLink  .  

 Awards Program  

 The Mario Stefanelli award is given to the best student paper, according to the conference Scientific Program Committee, based on the quality of both the paper and oral presentation at the conference. The award is provided by the AIME society. 
  The Marco Ramoni award is given to the best full paper, according to the conference Scientific Program Committee, based on the scientific quality of the paper. The award is provided by the AIME society. 
  The Audience award is given for the best poster. The award is provided by the local organizers (Department of Biomedical Informatics at the University of Utah). 

 Student Travel Grants  

 We will offer 6 travel grants to students, who are authors of accepted papers (full or short), and will present their work during the AIME 2024 conference. Each grant will cover travel costs of up to 500,00 USD. The travel grants are provided by the AIME society.  
 Preference will be given to students not participating in the Doctoral Consortium (the later will be provided participation grants) and students from under-represented groups and minorities. Moreover, we will take into account the quality of submitted papers as indicated by the reviews. The submission of applications will be possible until April 30th, decisions will be announced in early May, and grants will be awarded during the conference.  
 Applicants should send 1) the title of their accepted paper, 2) a formal proof of their student status, and 3) an electronic copy or scan of tickets via e-mail to Mahony Reategui  (mahony.reategui@utah.edu) with the subject “Student Travel Grant”  .  

 Guidelines for Accepted Posters  

 Posters should not exceed 48 inches wide by 48 inches tall. 
  Presenters must provide their own poster printed on paper or cloth. | Should you need assistance with directions for printing a poster in Salt Lake City, please email cmcfadden@conferences.utah.edu 
  Boards on easels with push pins or binder clips will be provided. 

 Guidelines for Accepted Papers and Short Papers  

 In the further guidelines, you will find relevant information regarding sessions, oral presentation materials and requirements, and conference registration policies.   

   Download Guidelines      

 Search   Search    
    
 Recent Posts  

 Recent Comments  

 Review previous AIME proceedings on SpringerLink    
   
 Archives  
 AIME 2023 | , Portoroz, Slovenia 
  AIME 2022 | , Halifax, Canada 
  AIME 2021 | , Porto, Portugal 
  AIME 2020 | , Minnesota, USA 
  AIME 2019 | , Poznan, Poland 
  AIME 2017 | , Vienna, Austria 
  AIME 2015 | , Pavia, Italy 
  AIME 2013 | , Murcia, Spain 
  AIME 2011 | , Bled, Slovenia 
  AIME 2009 | , Verona, Italy 
  AIME 2007 | , Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
  AIME 2005 | , Aberdeen, UK 
  AIME 2003 | , Protaras, Cyprus 
  AIME 2001 | , Cascais, Portugal 
  AIME 1999 | , Aalborg, Denmark 
  AIME 1997 | , Grenoble, France 
  AIME 1995 | , Pavia, Italy 
  AIME  1993 | , Munich, Germany 
  AIME 1991 | , Maastricht, The Netherlands 
  AIME 198  9 | , London, UK 
  AIME 1987 | , Marseilles, France 
  AIME 1985 | , Pavia, Italy 

 The AIME 2024 conference is co-sponsored by the Department of Biomedical Informatics  at the University of Utah   

 Copyright © 2024 | WordPress Theme by MH Themes   

    