30th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy  
  14 - 16 July 2025, Wollongong, Australia   

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Accepted Papers 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Conference Venue 
  Contact Us 

 Call for Papers  
 The 30th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP 2025) seeks original papers presenting novel research results in all aspects of information security and privacy. This 30th anniversary of ACISP will take place in its inception of the conference, Wollongong. We welcome papers presenting theories, techniques, implementations, applications and practical experiences on a variety of topics.  
  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Access Control 
  Al Security 
  Authentication 
  Blockchain technology 
  Cloud security 
  Cryptology 
  Cyber-physical systems security 
  Database security 
  Digital forensics 
  Key management 
  Lightweight security 
  loT security 
  Network security 
  Privacy attacks and defenses 
  Privacy enhancing technologies 
  Security implementation 
  Security policy 
  Security protocols 
  Software security 
  System security 
  Trustworthy Al 
  Systematization of Knowledge (SoK) Papers.  This year, we also solicit systematization of knowledge (SoK) papers that evaluate, systematize and contextualize existing knowledge for topics of broad interest to the cybersecurity community. Examples of SoK papers include papers that provide an important new viewpoint on an established, major research area, support or challenge long-held beliefs in such an area with compelling evidence, or provide an extensive and realistic evaluation and comparison of competing approaches to solving specific security problems.  
 SoK papers must include the prefix "SoK:" in the title of the paper and will be reviewed by the full PC. They will be accepted based on their treatment of existing work and value to the community.  
  
  Instructions for Authors  
  
 ACISP 2025 will have two rounds of submission. Round one will be on 6 Nov 2024. Round two will be on 19 February 2025. The first round will have the results including reject, major revision, and accept. For the major revision, we encourage authors to submit the updated manuscripts to round two. Round two only includes accept and reject.  
 All the submissions must be original, unpublished, and not submitted to another conference or journal for consideration of publication. Submissions must be fully anonymous with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgements, or obvious references. Submissions must be written in English and have at most 20 pages including bibliography using Springer's LNCS package with no changes to the style. Submissions can exceed 20 pages, but any content beyond 20 pages should be placed in the Appendix. Papers should be sufficiently intelligible and self-contained without appendices so that PC members can make decisions without reading appendices. Submissions not meeting the submission guidelines risk rejection regardless of their merits.  
 The proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag as a volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Accepted papers will be limited to 20 pages (including bibliography and appendices) in LNCS format. Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that at least one of the authors will register and attend the conference and present their paper.  
  Submission Server  
 Papers should be submitted via easychair at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=acisp2025   
   Important Dates  

 1st Round Paper Submission Deadline | 6 November 2024 
 Review for 1st round | 6 weeks 
 Notification of Acceptance | 22 January 2025 
 2nd Round Paper Submission Deadline | 19 Feb 2025 
 Review for 2nd round | 4 weeks 
 Notification of Acceptance | 8 April 2025 
 Camera-ready Copy | 29 April 2025 
 Conference | 14-16 July 2025 
 Registration for authors | 29 April 2025 

  