  AIST 2024  Program 
  CFP 
  Committees 
  Venue 
  Sponsors 
  Past events 
  Toggle menu    

  On this page  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS 
  Venue 
  Past Conferences 
  Tracks 
  Important Dates 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Publication 
  Contact Information 

 AIST-2024   
  Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan  
  October 17-19, 2024.  
  https://AISTconf.org    
 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 Dear colleagues,  
 We are excited to invite you to submit a paper to AIST’2024, a scientific conference on Analysis of Images, Social Networks, and Texts. The conference is intended for researchers and practitioners interested in data science focusing on innovative applications of data analysis and machine learning techniques to image processing, analysis of network data, text processing, and other domains, such as economics or geographic information systems.  
 The conference is designed for computer scientists and practitioners whose research interests are related to data science. The eleven previous editions of the AIST conference held in 2012-2023 attracted a significant number of students, researchers, academics, and engineers working on the analysis of images, texts, and social networks. The broad scope of AIST makes it an event where researchers from different domains, exploiting various data analysis techniques, can meet and exchange ideas. The conference allows specialists from different fields to meet each other, present their work, and discuss both theoretical and practical aspects of their data analysis problems. Another important aim of the conference is to stimulate scientists and people from the industry to benefit from the knowledge exchange and identify possible grounds for fruitful collaboration.  
 Similar to the previous years, the main volume of the conference proceedings will be published in the Springer’s in Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.  
 Venue  
 The conference continues travelling to beautiful regions, and following Yerevan, Armenia in 2023 edition this year AIST will be held offline in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. More specifically the event is organized with support of Kyrgyz-Turkish Manas University  and The Cramer Project  . Besides the scientific knowledge you will enjoy the nature of Kyrgyzstan and dive into local culture. The conference will feature representatives of the local data analysis community.  
 Past Conferences  
 If you did not participate before in the AIST conference you can take a look at the proceedings of the last three years to get an idea about what kind of papers are accepted and what kind of topics are discussed at the conference. Proceeding of the previous years can be found below:  
 AIST-2023: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 14486 | and | Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 1905 
  AIST-2021: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 13217 | and | Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 1573 
  AIST-2020: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 12602 | and | Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 1357 
  AIST-2019: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 11832 | and | Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 1086 
  AIST-2018: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 11179 
  AIST-2017: | Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) vol. 10716 
  AIST-2016: | Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 661 
  AIST-2015: | Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 542 
  AIST-2014: | Springer Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) vol. 436 
  Tracks  
 Submission can be made in one of the following tracks chaired by experts in the respective fields:  
 Natural Language Processing 
  Computer Vision 
  Data Analysis and Machine Learning 
  Network Analysis 
  Theoretical Machine Learning and Optimization 
  More generally we are encouraging submission on any application of deep learning and data analysis including, but not limited to the following topics:  
 Analysis of images and video 
  Analytics for geoinformation systems 
  Computational linguistics 
  Core data mining and machine learning techniques 
  Discovering and analyzing processes using event data 
  Deep learning applications 
  Educational data mining 
  Game analytics 
  Machine learning and data mining for economics and social sciences 
  Natural language processing and applications 
  Optimization problems in complex networks 
  Recommendational systems and collaborative technologies 
  Semantic web and ontologies 
  Social network analysis 
  Important Dates  
  
 Abstract deadline | July 15, 2024 (Optional) 
 Submission deadline | August 01  August 8, 2024 
 Notification of acceptance | September 01  September 15, 2023 
 Camera-ready papers due | September 20  September 22, 2024 
 Conference dates | October 17 – 19, 2024 
  
  All deadlines are 11.59 pm UTC -12h  ("anywhere on Earth").  
 Submission Guidelines  
 All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. The following paper categories are welcome:  
 Short papers with 6 pages of content. 
  Full papers describing completed research with 8-12 pages of content with references. 
  The papers must be formatted according to the Springer LNCS style  . LaTeX template of the Springer LNCS is available at Overleaf platform  . We encourage you to use the LaTeX template instead of the Word template.  
 Papers should be submitted through the OpenReview conference management system  . Submitted papers should be written in English and provide sufficient detail to allow the Program Committee to assess the merits of the paper on the basis of technical quality, relevance to the conference topics, originality, significance, and clarity of presentation.  
 The program committee expects that authors are ready to submit high-quality research papers. We also require at least one of the authors to attend the conference  to present their study. Papers should present original work previously not published or concurrently submitted to another conference or journal.  
 Each paper will be reviewed by at least three PC members. To ensure a fair assessment of the submissions, the review will be double-blind, so you need to make your paper anonymous  (remove links to your personal pages, acknowledgments, affiliations, etc.). Your work will be rejected in case you did not anonymize properly your paper. However, ArXiv pre-prints are allowed to be submitted.  
 Program Committee  
 Please, refer https://aistconf.org/committees/program  for the past year PC members.  
 Organizing Committee  
 Alpaslan Aşık, Kyrgyz-Turkish Manas University, Local Committee  
  Saltanat Mambaeva, Kyrgyz-Turkish Manas University, Local Committee  
  Aida Kasieva, Kyrgyz-Turkish Manas University, Local Committee  
  Irina Nikishina, University of Hamburg  
  Dmitry Ignatov, Higher School of Economics  
  Evgenii Tsymbalov, Apptek  
  Alexander Panchenko, Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology & AIRI  
 Publication  
 AIST-2023 proceedings will be published in Springer LNCS ( Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ). The companion volume will be published in the satellite series CCIS ( Communications in Computer and Information Science  ).  
 Please follow the Code of Conduct  when you prepare your final publication.  
 Contact Information  
 All questions about submissions should be emailed to org@aistconf.org  . See more details about the conference at aistconf.org  . Updates about the conference are published on the conference main page  , as well as on our Facebook  , Instagram  and VK  groups.  

 Follow: 
  Facebook 
  Instagram 
    
 © 2024 AIST. Powered by Jekyll  & Minimal Mistakes  .   

  