    Home 
  Committee | Organizing Committee 
  APCC Steering Committee 
  Authors | Call for Papers 
  Submission Guideline 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Technical Program 
  Tutorials 
  Registration 
  Venue/Travel 
  Contact 

 Asia-Pacific Conference on Communications (APCC) 2025  
 November 26th - 28th, 2025 | I-site Namba, Osaka Metropolitan University, Osaka, Japan  

 Osaka - Japan  
 November 26th - 28th, 2025 | I-site Namba, Osaka Metropolitan University, Osaka, Japan  

  Previous    Next     

 Call for Papers  
 The 30th Asia-Pacific Conference on Communications (APCC 2025) will be held at I-site Namba in Osaka, Japan, during November 26-28, 2025. Since 1993, APCC has been a technical forum for researchers and engineers to interact and disseminate information on the latest developments in advanced communication and information technologies. Prospective authors are invited to submit original technical papers for presentation at the conference and publication in the conference proceedings.  
 <p> Your browser does not support PDF files. <a href="apcc2025_cfp.pdf">Download the file instead</a> </p>    
 TOPICS OF INTEREST  
 The conference program will run for three days with keynotes, regular tracks, special sessions, and tutorials. For the regular tracks and special sessions, we invite you to contribute your original work on topics in the following, but not limited to, areas:  
 Track #1: Signal Processing for Communications  
 Advanced equalization, channel estimation, signal detection, and synchronization techniques 
  Novel architectures for signal demodulation and decoding 
  Signal processing for millimeter and Tera-Hz communication systems 
  Signal processing for single-carrier, OFDM, and NOMA systems 
  Signal processing for MIMO/Massive MIMO systems 
  Machine learning and stochastic geometry-based signal processing 
  Track #2: Wireless Communications  
 Antennas and propagation 
  MIMO, multi-user MIMO, and massive MIMO 
  OFDM and multi-carrier systems 
  Multiple access techniques and air interfaces (CDMA, TDMA, FDMA, OFDMA, NOMA) 
  Millimeter wave and Terahertz communications 
  Maritime, space, and underwater communications 
  Intelligent reflecting surfaces for wireless communications 
  Ultra-reliable low-latency communication (URLLC) 
  Spectrum sharing and coexistence in heterogeneous networks 
  Privacy and security in wireless communications 
  Visible light communications (VLC) and optical wireless communications (OWC) 
  Wireless charging and energy harvesting 
  Artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) for wireless communications 
  Track #3: Networking  
 Beyond 5G/6G and other emerging broadband wireless networks 
  WLAN, WPAN, and other home/personal networking technologies 
  Optical network architecture, design, and control 
  Non-terrestrial networks (NTN) 
  V2X and Vehicular networks 
  Maritime and underwater wireless networks 
  Network function virtualization (NFV) and software-defined networking (SDN) 
  Information-centric networks (ICN) and content centric networks (CCN) 
  Green networks and sustainable communication technologies 
  AI/ML based networks 
  Track #4: Emerging Technologies, Applications, and Services  
 Context and location-aware wireless services and applications 
  Edge, fog, and cloud computing for emerging applications and services 
  User-centric networks and adaptive services 
  Wireless body area networks and e-health services 
  Intelligent transportation systems 
  Internet of Things (IoT) and smart cities 
  Blockchain and distributed ledger technologies (DLT) 
  Cybersecurity and privacy for communication systems 
  Human-computer interaction (HCI) and user experience (UX) 
  PAPER SUBMISSION  
 The paper submission process will be managed by using EDAS. Prospective authors may submit full or short papers. Paper length should be 3 - 6 pages for a full paper and 2 pages for a short paper including figures, tables, references, and appendices. Please use the standard IEEE conference proceedings templates for Microsoft Word or LaTeX format on A4 size pages found at https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  . Submitted papers (for both regular track and special sessions) are subject to a blind reviewed process handled by an international technical program committee.  
 PROCEEDINGS  
 All accepted and presented papers in the conference are expected to be included in the proceedings of the conference as well as IEICE Proceeding Series, and IEEE Xplore Digital Library. The copyright of accepted papers will be transferred to IEICE. To be published in the proceedings, for each accepted paper, at least one author is required to register for the conference, and the paper must be presented at the conference by one of the authors.  
 IMPORTANT DATES  
 Regular/special paper submission:  
 Manuscript submission: June 5, 2025 
  Notification of acceptance: September 10, 2025 
  Camera-ready submission: October 15, 2025 
  Proposal submission:  
 Special sessions: April 1, 2025 
  Tutorials: July 31, 2025 

 Important Dates  
  
 Manuscript Submission: | Jun. 5th, 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance: | Sep. 10th, 2025 
 Camera-ready Submission: | Oct. 15th, 2025 
 Conference Date: | Nov. 26th-28th, 2025 

 Organized & Sponsored by  

 Technically Co-sponsored by  

  