32 nd  IEEE International Symposium on Computer Arithmetic ARITH 2025   

  El Paso, TX, USA. May 4-7, 2025.   

 Main page  Program  Social Program  Committees  Call for Papers  Registration  Venue  About El Paso  Archives  Contacts   
 IEEE privacy policy  IEEE Code of Ethics  IEEE required DEI statement  GDP Regulation  Sponsors   
  Sponsors:  

 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 PDF version of CFP   
 ARITH 2025 welcomes submissions of conference papers  describing recent scientific advances related to computer arithmetic. Papers under review elsewhere are not acceptable for submission to ARITH 2025. By submitting a paper, authors implicitly confirm that they are solely submitting it to ARITH 2025. Submissions must be in English and made through the EasyChair website: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=arith2025  .  
 Submissions for full papers should not exceed 8 pages  (no extra pages) using the IEEE Computer Society Conference format (two columns), while short and industry papers should not exceed 4 pages  (no extra pages). Accepted papers will be presented at the conference and included in the conference proceedings and in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library. However, for review purposes, full papers may be submitted with up to 20 pages  , and short/industry papers with up to 10 pages  , using 12pt font size  , single column  , and double spacing  .  
 For formatting instructions, please refer to: http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 The review process for ARITH 2025 is double-blind  . Author names, affiliations, and grants must be anonymized in submitted papers and self-references should be handled as third-party references. Papers not complying with this policy will be administratively rejected. While non-anonymous preprints or code repositories are not considered a violation of this policy, reviewers are discouraged from seeking them out. Authors should provide anonymized versions of any related artifacts where applicable.  
 Important Dates  
  
 IMPORTANT DATES 
 Abstract submission deadline | November 29, 2024  December 13, 2024 
 Paper submission deadline | December 6, 2024  December 23, 2024 
 Reviews completed and Authors notified | February 14, 2025 

 Topics of interest include, but are not restricted to:  
 Arithmetic foundations, systems and formats | Theory of computer arithmetic such as integer, fixed/floating-point, interval, finite-field, etc. 
  Novel arithmetic systems and application-specific number formats. 
  Implementation of arithmetic | Novel architecture of arithmetic units on various technologies including traditional, FPGA, optical and quantum. 
  High-performance, low-power and fault-tolerant designs and implementations 
  Design tools and methodologies, including testing and formal verification 
  Algorithms and numerics | Computer approximations of elementary and special functions 
  Arithmetic algorithms and their analysis 
  Design, compilation, optimization, validation, and verification of numerical software 
  Application-specific arithmetic | Cryptography or security 
  Artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning 
  Signal processing, multimedia, and computer graphics 
  All topics that relate to intensive use of computer arithmetic are welcome as well.  
 Students of all levels: ARITH is the premier conference for computer arithmetic. We urge you to submit a paper and/or attend the conference if you are interested in this subject. See you at the conference!  

 Last modified: 10/24/2024     
   