    Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Registration 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Keynotes 
  Special Track 
  Workshop: Drawing Handmade Virtual Reality panoramas 
  Council of Europe’s Video Game Culture Working Group Panel 
  Full Program 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for papers for Special Track on Dialogues between Geometry, Computer Graphics and the Visual Arts 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Travel Information 
  Visas 
  Offers & History 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Registration 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Keynotes 
  Special Track 
  Workshop: Drawing Handmade Virtual Reality panoramas 
  Council of Europe’s Video Game Culture Working Group Panel 
  Full Program 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for papers for Special Track on Dialogues between Geometry, Computer Graphics and the Visual Arts 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Travel Information 
  Visas 
  Offers & History 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI ArtsIT 2022 was held as an on-site conference  
   with an option to present remotely in Faro, Portugal   

  ArtsIT authors have enjoyed  
  over 360.000   downloads     
    
 We are happy to inform you, that EAI ArtsIT 2022 had been collocated with DLI 2022!   
 Register   
   
 Don’t miss the opportunity to participate in panel  on Serious Games   hold by Council of Europe!   

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in ArtsIT 2022!   
   
 We look forward to meeting you next year!   
   
 Watch the full recording of the EAI ArtsIT 2022 livestream   
  EAI ArtsIT 2022 Faro - 21 November 2022 (9:30-13:00)  
   EAI ArtsIT 2022 Faro - 21 November 2022 (14:30-18:30)  
   EAI ArtsIT 2022 Faro - 22 November 2022 (9:00-13:00)  
   EAI ArtsIT 2022 Faro - 22 November 2022 (14:30-16:30)   

 EAI Index   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speakers   

 Monika Fleischmann & Wolfgang Strauss    

 Rudolfo Quintas    

 Paper Submission is now open for the 11th edition of ArtsIT! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 The papers of the highest quality will receive the Best paper award!    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of ArtsIT here  .    
 ArtsIT 2022 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

  Proceedings   
 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  

  The Best Paper Award   
 The winner of the Best Paper Award:  
 PirouNet: Creating Dance through Artist-Centric Deep Learning  

  About ArtsIT 2022   
 The ArtsIT conference brings together a wide array of cross-/inter-/trans-disciplinary researchers, practitioners, artists, and academia to present and discuss the symbiosis between art (in its widest definition) and information technology applied in a variety of distinct fields. Since 2009 ArtsIT has become acknowledged as a leading scientific forum for the dissemination of cutting-edge research results in the intersection between art, science, culture, performing arts, media, and technology. The role of artistic practice using digital media is also to serve as a tool for analysis and critical reflection on how technologies influence our lives, culture, and society. ArtsIT is therefore not only a place to discuss technological progress but also a place to reflect on the impact of art and technology on sustainability, responsibility, and human dignity. Besides the main track, the event also focuses on the advances seen in two areas that have significantly contributed to the field in the last years, namely, virtualization and artificial intelligence with special sessions.  
 Read more: Call for Papers   

  Topics   
 Topics include the following but are open for additional:  
 Virtual Museums and Curatorial Practices; 
  Interactive Art & Interactive Installations; 
  Augmented Reality & Virtual Reality; 
  Virtual Worlds; 
  Metaverse, Avatars, and Presence; 
  Games & Interactivity; 
  Gamification; 
  Exhibition; 
  Design; 
  Augmented Performing Arts; 
  Digital Distribution of Performing Arts; 
  Audio Art & Sound Design; New Media; 
  Technologies Information; 
  Visualization; Generative Design; 
  Artificial Intelligence & Big Data; 
  Digital Cultural Heritage; 
  Digital Artworks Addressing the Sustainable Development Goals or other such contemporary topics; 
  Theoretical Research in the Fields of Media Technology; Studies that Explore the Role of Media Art in Society; 
  and more 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library: ArtsIT Conference Proceedings  .  
 ArtsIT proceedings are indexed  in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
   
 All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Creative Technologies 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Gallery of EAI ArtsIT 2022  

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

 VISIT ALGARVE  

 Important dates  
 Late Track    
 Submission deadline   
  10 September 2022  
  Notification deadline   
  5 October 2022  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  25 October 2022  

 Loading important dates.   
   
 Previous ArtsIT editions  
 2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Aalborg, Denmark  
  2018  – Braga, Portugal  
  2017  – Heraklion, Crete, Greece  
  2016  – Esbjerg, Denmark  
  2014  – Istanbul, Turkey  
  2013  – Milano, Italy  
  2011  – Esbjerg, Denmark  
  2009  – Yi-Lan, Taiwan  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2022 ArtsIT | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
   