AST 2011    
 An ICSE 2011 Workshop   
    
 Skip to content    
 Home 
  Important dates 
  Organization 
  Theme 
  CFP 
  Industrial case studies 
  Charette sessions 
  Program 
  Keynotes NEW! 
  Proceedings 

 Call for papers  
 November 29, 2010    
 Download the full Call-for-Papers as PDF   or Text   .  
   
  See the theme  for AST 2011 or the general Topics of Interest  for the workshop.  
   
  A summary of types of full paper submission are as follows:  
  
 Paper Type | Page Limit | Format | Published 
 Research | 7 | ACM SIG | ACM Digital Library 
 Industrial Case Study | 7 | ACM SIG | ACM Digital Library 
  
  Special Theme   
 This year, the special theme  of the workshop is on Relating Software Design to Test Automation   . Submissions on this topic are especially encouraged, but papers on other topics of interest are also welcome.  
  Topics of Interest   
 The workshop focuses on bridging the gap between the theories and practice of software test automation. The topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:  
  1) Methodology  :  Software test automation in the context of various software development methodologies, such as in model-driven, component-based, agile, test-driven, product lines, service-oriented, agent-oriented, and aspect-oriented methodologies, and in evolutionary development.  
  2) Technology   : Automation of test techniques and methods used in test-related activities, support for software testing methods, and applications to specific types of software in different application domains.  
  3) Software testing tools and environments  :  Issues in the development, operation, maintenance and evolution of software testing tools and environments.  
  4) Experiments  , empirical studies  and experience reports  and vision of the future  of software test automation.   
  Research Papers   
 Research papers report on original research and/or practical experience in the area of software test automation. Papers must be no more than 7 pages in the ACM SIG conference proceedings format  . Whenever possible, research papers should furnish a detailed theoretical and/or empirical evaluation of the presented approach. The program committee will judge the regular papers on the basis of their technical merit, clarity, relevance, originality, and overall contribution.  
  Industrial Case Study Papers   
 Industrial Case study  papers must report on the practical application of software test automation. These papers must be no more than 7 pages in the ACM SIG conference proceedings format  .  

 AST 2011 Home | Home 
  Important dates 
  Organization 
  Theme 
  Call-for-Papers 
  Industrial case studies 
  Charette sessions 
  Registration 
  Submission CLOSED 
  Program 
  Keynotes NEW! 
  Proceedings 
  History 

  AST 2011    

  