Aarhus University logo  
   Find    

 ALGO 2016   

 Conferences   ALGO 16   ATMOS   Call for papers    
   
 ALGO 16   
 ALGO Frontpage 
  ESA 
  ALGOCLOUD 
  ATMOS | Call for papers 
  Committees 
  List of accepted papers 
  ATMOS proceedings 
  ALGOSENSORS 
  IPEC 
  WAOA 
  WABI 
  MASSIVE 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Conference Venue 
  Keynote and Tutorial Speakers 
  Accomodation 
  Travel and local information 
  Social Events 
  Organizing Committee 
  Past and Future Events 
  Sponsors and Partners 
   
 Call for papers  
 ATMOS 2016 call for papers  
   
 Topics  
 We invite authors to present work that advances optimization methods and algorithms to facilitate planning and operational management of freight and passenger transportation and traffic. The workshop welcomes but is not limited to papers addressing the following challenges:  
 Demand Forecasting 
  Models for User Behavior 
  Design of Pricing Systems 
  Infrastructure Planning 
  Multi-modal Transport Optimization 
  Mobile Applications for Transport 
  Congestion Modeling and Reduction 
  Line Planning 
  Timetable Generation and Information 
  Routing and Platform Assignment 
  Vehicle Scheduling 
  Route Planning 
  Crew and Duty Scheduling 
  Rostering 
  Delay Management 
  Routing in Road Networks 
  Traffic Guidance 
  The workshop welcomes but is not limited to papers applying and advancing the following techniques: Graph and Network Algorithms, Combinatorial Optimization, Mathematical Programming, Approximation Algorithms, Methods for the Integration of Planning Stages, Stochastic and Robust Optimization, Online and Real-time Algorithms, Algorithmic Game Theory, Heuristics for Real-world Instances, Simulation Tools.  
 Submission guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or full paper of at most 12 pages (including title page, abstract, references, but not counting an optional appendix)  . UPDATE  : Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or full paper of at most 12 pages (including title page and abstract, but not counting references and an optional appendix). Submissions must be formatted in LaTeX, using the OASIcs style file  . The paper should contain a succinct statement of the issues and of their motivation, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance, accessible to non-specialist readers. Proofs omitted due to space constraints can be put into an appendix to be read by the program committee members at their discretion. Papers must be submitted electronically via the EasyChair submission system at  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=atmos2016   
 The submission must be received by *23 June 2016*.  
 By submitting a paper the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance at least one of the authors must register at ALGO 2016 or ATMOS 2016, attend the conference, and present the paper. The proceedings will be published online and as open-access in the Dagstuhl Open Access Series in Informatics (OASIcs).  

 Revised 24.10.2024   

 Aarhus University  
   
 About Aarhus University 
  Building map Aarhus University 

 Transport  
   
 Getting to Aarhus 
  Getting around in Aarhus 

 Hotels  
   
 Aarhus 
  Copenhagen 

 Practical information  
   
 Practical information 
  Wireless network 
    
 Spare time?  
   
 About Aarhus 
  Visit Aarhus | (national tourist agency) 

 Useful apps  
   
 AU Find App 
  Visit Aarhus Apps 

 ©  — Cookies at au.dk   
  Privacy Policy   
  Accessibility Statement   

 8399 / i43   
  
  