ATVA 2024, Kyoto, Japan   
 22nd International Symposium on Automated Technology for Verification and Analysis  

 Menu  
 Skip to content  Home 
  Organization 
  Keynotes 
  Program 
  Social Events 
  Calls | Important Dates 
  Call for Papers 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Registration 
  Accepted Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Venue 
  Sponsors 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope   
 ATVA 2024 is the 22nd in a series of symposia aimed at bringing together academics, industrial researchers, and practitioners in the area of theoretical and practical aspects of automated analysis, synthesis, and verification of hardware and software systems. ATVA solicits high quality submissions in the following suggestive list of topics:  
 Formalisms for modeling hardware, software, and embedded systems 
  Specification and verification of finite-state, infinite-state, and parameterized system 
  Program analysis and software verification 
  Analysis and verification of hardware circuits, systems-on-chip, and embedded systems 
  Analysis of real-time, hybrid, priced, weighted, and probabilistic systems 
  Deductive, algorithmic, compositional, and abstraction/refinement techniques for analysis and verification 
  Analytical techniques for safety, security, and dependability 
  Testing and runtime analysis based on verification technology 
  Analysis and verification of parallel and concurrent systems 
  Verification in industrial practice 
  Synthesis for hardware and software systems 
  Applications and case studies 
  Automated tool support 
  Paper submission   
 Submissions will be accepted in two categories:  
 Regular Research Papers (18 pages max, excl. references, must be anonymized) 
  Tool Papers (10 pages max, excl. references, not anonymized). 
  Submissions in both categories should be in Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) format. Please note that, for the first time at ATVA, the submission process for regular research papers will be double-blind  and will include a rebuttal/author response period  . An artifact evaluation  will be undertaken, which will be optional for regular papers and mandatory for tool papers. Submissions authored or co-authored by members of the program committee are allowed and encouraged.  
 Accepted papers in both categories will be published in Springer’s LNCS series. At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register and present the paper at the conference.  
 A few outstanding papers will be selected for a  distinguished paper award.  
 Submission site   
 All papers must be submitted through EasyChair: https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=atva2024  .  
 REGULAR PAPERS   
 Regular papers should not exceed 18 pages in Springer’s LNCS format, not counting references and appendices. Additional material may be placed in an appendix, to be read at the discretion of the reviewers, and to be omitted in the final version. Formatting style files and further guidelines for formatting can be found on the Springer website. Adding line numbers (LaTeX package lineno  ) is highly recommended.  
 For the first time, regular papers at ATVA 2024 will follow a full double-blind review process, which means that author names and affiliations must be omitted from the submission. Additionally, if a submission refers to prior work done by the authors, the reference should be made in the third person. These are firm submission requirements, and any regular paper that does not conform to these requirements will be rejected without review. We strongly encourage authors to not put the work on arXiv around (within 1 week) or shortly after (within 1 month) the submission deadline, because potential reviewers may be subscribed to receive updates on recently posted papers.  
 Authors of accepted regular papers will be invited (but are not required) to submit a relevant artifact for evaluation by the artifact evaluation committee.  
 TOOL PAPERS   
 Tool papers should not exceed 10 pages in Springer’s LNCS format, not counting references. Tool papers will follow a single-blind review process. They do NOT need to be anonymized.  
 However, they should include information about a URL from where the tool can be downloaded or accessed online for evaluation. The URL must also contain a set of examples, and a user manual that describes usage of the tool through examples. If the tool needs to be downloaded and installed, the URL must contain instructions for installing the tool on Linux/Windows/MacOS.  
 Authors of tool papers must submit an artifact for evaluation  by the artifact evaluation committee. Acceptance of tool papers is contingent on successful artifact evaluation at the “functional” level. In special cases, where an artifact cannot be submitted, the authors should contact the Artifact Evaluation chairs to find alternate modes of artifact evaluation. More artifact evaluation details can be found on the AE page  .  
 Contact   
 For any questions, please contact the PC chairs:  
 S Akshay | , IIT Bombay, | akshayss@cse.iitb.ac.in 
  Aina Niemetz | , Stanford University, | niemetz@cs.stanford.edu 
  Sriram Sankaranarayanan | , University of Colorado Boulder, | srirams@colorado.edu 

    Sponsors   
 Silver Sponsors   

 Organizational Sponsors   

 Award Sponsor   

  Important Dates   
 AoE (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Paper submission  :  
  April 19, 2024  Extended until April 25 (papers can be updated till April 28 AoE)    
  AE submission for tool papers  :  
  May 2  May 9, 2024  
  Author response/rebuttal period  :  
  June 4 - 7  June 11-14, 2024  
  Author notification  :  
  June 19  June 26, 2024  
  AE submission for regular papers  :  
  July 2  July 7, 2024  
  AE notification  :  
  August 10  August 17, 2024  
  Final version due  :  
  August 15  August 22, 2024  
  Conference  :  
  October 21 - 24, 2024  

 Proudly powered by WordPress  |  Theme: Expound by Konstantin Kovshenin    

  