                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Most Affordable Colleges | Most Affordable Colleges  Affordable PhD Programs  Affordable Online Masters Programs  Affordable Online Bachelor Degree Programs  Affordable Online Colleges  Affordable Online Colleges for Military    Business & Management  Affordable Online MBA Programs  Affordable Online Business Degree  Affordable Online Accounting Degree Programs  Affordable Online Master's in Accounting  Affordable Doctoral Programs in Leadership    Technology Programs  Affordable Online Computer Science Degree  Affordable Online Engineering Degree  Affordable Online Data Science Masters  Affordable Online Cyber Security Degree  Cheapest MLIS Degree Online    Education Programs  Affordable Online Education Degree  Affordable Online Master's in Teaching  Affordable Online Elementary Education Degree  Affordable Online Colleges for Early Childhood Education    Healthcare Programs  Cheapest Online MHA Programs  Affordable Online MBA in Healthcare Management  Affordable Online Healthcare Administration Degree  Affordable Online Public Health Degree    More Affordable Online Programs  Affordable Online Speech Pathology Programs  Affordable Online MSW Programs  Affordable MFA Online  Affordable Online Criminal Justice Degree    Nursing programs  Cheapest RN to BSN Online  Affordable Online Nursing Programs  Affordable Online Nurse Practitioner Programs  Affordable Online FNP Programs    More Affordable Online Programs  Affordable Online Psychology Degree  Affordable Online Counseling Degree  Affordable Online Substance Abuse Counseling Degree  Affordable Online MBA Programs No GMAT  Cheapest Online Master's in Human Resources  Affordable Online Executive MBA Programs  Cheapest BCBA Online Programs  Affordable Online Master's Programs in Counseling  Affordable Christian Counseling Degree 
  College Rankings | Online Colleges  Best College Majors  Online PhD Programs  Highest Paying Bachelor Degrees  Easy Degrees That Pay Well  Masters Degree    Computer Science  Accelerated Online Computer Science Degree  Best Online Computer Science Degree  Best Cyber Security Courses Online  MIS Degree  Is a Computer Science Degree Worth It?    Psychology  Forensic Psychology Degree  Best Online Psychology Degree  Online PsyD Programs  Online Masters in Psychology  Doctorate in Psychology  Substance Abuse Counselor Degree  Masters in Educational Psychology  Is a Psychology Degree Worth It?  Criminal Psychology Degree  Best Accelerated Psychology Degree Online    Nursing  Best Online LPN Programs  Best Online Nursing Programs  LPN to RN Programs  ADN to NP Programs  Accelerated Nurse Practitioner Programs  Best Online Nurse Practitioner Programs    Business  Best Business Masters Degrees  Online Business Degree  Best Online Construction Management Degree  Online Masters in Finance  1 Year Master's Programs Online  Types of Business Masters Degrees    Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting 
  Career Resources | Career Planning  Logistics Careers  Do You Need a Psychology Degree to Be a Therapist  Highest Paying Psychology Jobs  Criminal Justice Careers  LCSW Salary by State    Nursing  Accredited Online Medical Billing And Coding Schools  Become A Medical Assistant In 6 Weeks  Best States For Nurses  Forensic Nurse  How Much Does Nursing School Cost    Business Careers  Accounting Careers  Forensic Accounting Careers  Business Administration Careers  Healthcare Administration Careers  Business Management Careers    Psychology Careers  Cognitive Psychology Careers  Behavioral Psychology Careers  Organizational Psychology Careers  Careers in Addiction Recovery  Child and Adolescent Psychology    Computer Science Careers  Information Systems Careers  Software Engineering Career Path  Best Online Medical Coding Courses  Library Science Careers  Data Scientist Career Path    Careers in Education  Educational Leadership Careers  Child Development Careers  Careers in Special Education  Careers in Higher Education  Teaching Careers    MBA Careers  MBA in Healthcare Management Salary  MBA Career Paths and Salaries  What Can I Do With a Business Degree in Healthcare  Is an MBA Worth It in 2024?  Can I Get an MBA Without a Business Degree    Counseling Careers  How to Become a Christian Counselor  How to Become a Mental Health Counselor  Social Work vs. Counseling  Career In Substance Abuse And Addictions Counseling  How to Become a Counselor    Popular Careers  Biotechnology Careers  Sustainability Careers  Gerontology Careers  Criminology Careers  Biology Careers  EKG Technician  Trade School Programs That Pay Well    Social Work Careers  How to Become a School Social Worker  Macro Social Work Careers  How to Become a Medical Social Worker  How to Become a Social Worker  Social Worker Career Path 
  Colleges by State | Best Business Schools  Business Schools in Texas  Business Schools in California  Business Schools in Florida  Business Schools in Georgia  Business Schools in Ohio    Best Online MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs in Texas  Online MBA Programs in California  Online MBA Programs in Florida  Online MBA Programs in Michigan  Online MBA Programs in Ohio    Best MSW Programs  MSW Programs in Texas  MSW Programs in California  MSW Programs in Florida  MSW Programs in New York  MSW Programs in Ohio    Best Psychology Schools  Psychology Schools in Texas  Psychology Schools in California  Psychology Schools in Florida  Psychology Schools in Georgia  Psychology Schools in Ohio    Best Online Psychology Degrees  Online Psychology Degree in Texas  Online Psychology Degree in California  Online Psychology Degree in Florida  Online Psychology Degree in Georgia  Online Psychology Degree in Ohio    How to Become a Psychologist  How to Become a Psychologist in Texas  How to Become a Psychologist in California  How to Become a Psychologist in Florida  How to Become a Psychologist in Georgia  How to Become a Psychologist in Ohio    Best Nursing Schools  Nursing Schools in Texas  Nursing Schools in California  Nursing Schools in Florida  Nursing Schools in Georgia  Nursing Schools in Ohio    Best Online Nursing Programs  Online Nursing Programs in Texas  Online Nursing Programs in California  Online Nursing Programs in Florida  Online Nursing Programs in Georgia  Online Nursing Programs in Ohio    How to Become a Social Worker  How to Become a Social Worker in Texas  How to Become a Social Worker in California  How to Become a Social Worker in Florida  How to Become a Social Worker in New York  How to Become a Social Worker in Massachusetts    Best Accounting Schools  Accounting Schools in Texas  Accounting Schools in California  Accounting Schools in Florida  Accounting Schools in Georgia  Accounting Schools in Ohio    Best Nurse Practitioner Programs  Nurse Practitioner Programs in Texas  Nurse Practitioner Programs in California  Nurse Practitioner Programs in Florida  Nurse Practitioner Programs in Georgia  Nurse Practitioner Programs in Ohio    Best Online LPN/LVN Programs  Online LPN Programs in Delaware  Online LPN Programs in Florida  Online LPN Programs in Missouri  Online LPN Programs in NC  Online LPN Programs in New Jersey  Online LPN Programs in NY  Online LPN Programs in Ohio  Online LPN Programs in PA  Online LPN Programs in South Carolina  Online LPN Programs in Virginia  Online LVN Programs in California  Online LVN Programs in Texas    How to Become a Counselor  How to Become a Counselor in Texas  How to Become a Counselor in California  How to Become a Counselor in Florida  How to Become a Counselor in Georgia  How to Become a Counselor in Ohio  How to Become a Counselor in Arizona  How to Become a Counselor in Colorado  How to Become a Counselor in Indiana  How to Become a Counselor in Michigan  How to Become a Counselor in Missouri  How to Become a Counselor in Nevada  How to Become a Counselor in New Jersey  How to Become a Counselor in New Mexico  How to Become a Counselor in Oregon  How to Become a Counselor in South Carolina  How to Become a Counselor in Utah  How to Become a Counselor in Washington 
  Best Scholars | BEST SCIENTISTS BY DISCIPLINE  Animal Science and Veterinary  Biology and Biochemistry  Business and Management  Chemistry  Computer Science  Earth Science  Ecology and Evolution  Economics and Finance  Electronics and Electrical Engineering  Engineering and Technology  Environmental Sciences  Genetics  Immunology  Law  Materials Science  Mathematics  Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering  Medicine  Microbiology  Molecular Biology  Neuroscience  Physics  Plant Science and Agronomy  Political Science  Psychology  Social Sciences and Humanities    TOP GLOBALS  Best Female Scientists  Best Scientists  Rising Stars 
  Best Universities | BEST UNIVERSITIES BY DISCIPLINE  Animal Science and Veterinary  Biology and Biochemistry  Business and Management  Chemistry  Computer Science  Earth Science  Ecology and Evolution  Economics and Finance  Electronics and Electrical Engineering  Engineering and Technology  Environmental Sciences  Genetics  Immunology  Law  Materials Science  Mathematics  Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering  Medicine  Microbiology  Molecular Biology  Neuroscience  Physics  Plant Science and Agronomy  Political Science  Psychology  Social Sciences and Humanities    GLOBAL RANKINGS  Best Universities  Best Universities in Australia  Best Universities in Canada  Best Universities in Germany  Best Universities in Japan  Best Universities in United Kingdom  Best Universities in France  Best Universities in India  Best Universities in China  Best Universities in Brazil 

 Research  Degrees That Fit You Best!  
 Explore our educational guides and rankings of best colleges, carefully prepared by our experts.  
   
 Featured education articles  
      25 Quick Online Degrees that Pay Well & Their Job Outlook in 2024  A useful guide for people seeking to expedite their education and gain the skills necessary for thriving in high-demand careers, and ensuring a fast transition into rewarding, well-paid jobs.  

      32 Best College Majors to Pursue in 2024: Salary & Job Growth Data  A guide ideal for students and career-changers alike. It offers valuable insights into lucrative and fast-growing fields, providing a roadmap to making informed decisions that align with market trends and personal ambitions.  

      Most Affordable Online Bachelor’s Degrees from Reputable Universities  This essential guide offers a deep dive into accredited programs that combine quality, flexibility, and affordability, empowering you to achieve your academic goals without compromising on excellence or financial stability.  

 Most Affordable Online Colleges: Guide to Online Programs for 2024   by Imed Bouchrika, Phd   
 Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist  

 YOUR #1 DESTINATION  
 Explore  Our Career Planning Guides & College Rankings  
 Our platform offers you a wide range of guides on online degrees, traditional programs, career planning, scholarships, and most affordable colleges.  

 5000+  
 Useful Degree & School Guides  

 1000+  
 Detailed College Rankings  

 4000+  
 Comprehensive Career Resources  

 A Credible Degree Planning Resource Trusted by The Community  
 Our guides and resources are regularly used by both universities and students around the world to make smarter and data-driven decisions about education.  
   
 Students use our guides every month  
 1,000,000+  
   
 Academic institutions mention our platform  
 800+  
   
 Statistics and trends were used in our research  
 30,000+  

 Show All Rankings    

 As seen on:  
        
 TOP RANKED 2024  
 Find  the Most Popular Fields of Study  
   
   Online colleges  

   Computers & Technology  

   Psychology  

   Nursing  

   Business & Management  

   Education & Teaching  

   Social Work  

   Aditional Subjects  

 SCHOLARSHIPS  
 Pay Less  for Your Degree  
 Various forms of scholarship and financial aid can make getting your degree more affordable.  
 Our resources will help you find the best way to lower the cost of your education.  
   
 Online  Hispanic & Latino/a  LGBTQ  Black & African American  ROTC Programs    

   Reduce your education expenses  

   Get advice from experts  

   Easy, step-by-step guides  

   Extensive base of resources  

 UNIVERSITIES & COLLEGES  
 Best  Universities Rankings for 2024 - 2025  
 Find out which college fits your personal needs best. To help you with that we’ve created several different rankings that focus on specific criteria such as affordability, return on investment, or popularity.  
   
 Best US Colleges 2024  
 1  Stanford University     
 2  California Institute of Technology     
 3  University of Wisconsin-Madison     
 4  Massachusetts Institute of Technology     
 5  University of Southern California     
 SEE FULL RANKING    
 Best Public US Colleges 2024  
 1  University of Wisconsin-Madison     
 2  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign     
 3  The University of Texas at Austin     
 4  University of Minnesota-Twin Cities     
 5  University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill     
 SEE FULL RANKING    
 Best Private US Colleges 2024  
 1  Stanford University     
 2  California Institute of Technology     
 3  Massachusetts Institute of Technology     
 4  University of Southern California     
 5  Yale University     
 SEE FULL RANKING    
 Most Affordable US Colleges 2024  
 1  University of Florida     
 2  University of South Florida     
 3  Purdue University     
 4  Florida State University     
 5  University of Central Florida     
 SEE FULL RANKING    
 Best Value US Colleges 2024  
 1  Cox College     
 2  Neosho County Community College     
 3  California State University Maritime Academy     
 4  Touro University Worldwide     
 5  University of Maine at Fort Kent     
 SEE FULL RANKING    
 Most Popular US Colleges 2024  
 1  California Institute of Technology     
 2  Harvard University     
 3  Stanford University     
 4  Columbia University in the City of New York     
 5  Massachusetts Institute of Technology     
 SEE FULL RANKING    

 Education  Data, Trends and Reports  
  72 Scholarship Statistics: 2024 Data, Facts & Analysis    
  50 Online Education Statistics: 2024 Data on Higher Learning & Corporate Training    
  101 American School Statistics: 2024 Data, Trends & Predictions    
  11 Top Trends in Higher Education: 2024 Data, Insights & Predictions    
  Number of College Graduates: 2024 Race, Gender, Age & State Statistics    
  50 Current Student Stress Statistics: 2024 Data, Analysis & Predictions    

 SCIENTIFIC METRICS  
 We Make Quality  Research Easy to Discover  
 With our scientific rankings you can easily find out who the leading experts in your field are, explore their latest publications, and quickly find prestigious venues to publish your work.  

 Best Scientists Ranking  
   
 Animal Science and Veterinary  Biology and Biochemistry  Business and Management  Chemistry  Computer Science  Earth Science  Ecology and Evolution  Economics and Finance  Electronics and Electrical Engineering  Engineering and Technology  Environmental Sciences  Genetics  Immunology  Law  Materials Science  Mathematics  Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering  Medicine  Microbiology  Molecular Biology  Neuroscience  Physics  Plant Science and Agronomy  Political Science  Psychology  Social Sciences and Humanities    Select a Country  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Bolivia  Brazil  Cameroon  Canada  Chile  China  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Egypt  Estonia  Ethiopia  Fiji Islands  Finland  France  Germany  Greece  Grenada  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indonesia  Iran  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Kenya  Lithuania  Malaysia  Mexico  Netherlands  New Zealand  Nigeria  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Russia  Saint Kitts  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Singapore  Slovakia  South Africa  South Korea  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Tanzania  Thailand  Togo  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Uganda  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  Uruguay  Zambia    SHOW MORE     
     
 Best University Ranking  
   
 Animal Science and Veterinary  Biology and Biochemistry  Business and Management  Chemistry  Computer Science  Earth Science  Ecology and Evolution  Economics and Finance  Electronics and Electrical Engineering  Engineering and Technology  Environmental Sciences  Genetics  Immunology  Law  Materials Science  Mathematics  Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering  Medicine  Microbiology  Molecular Biology  Neuroscience  Physics  Plant Science and Agronomy  Political Science  Psychology  Social Sciences and Humanities    Select a Country  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Bolivia  Brazil  Cameroon  Canada  Chile  China  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Egypt  Estonia  Ethiopia  Fiji Islands  Finland  France  Germany  Greece  Grenada  Hungary  Iceland  India  Iran  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Kenya  Malaysia  Mexico  Netherlands  New Zealand  Nigeria  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Saint Kitts  Saudi Arabia  Singapore  South Africa  South Korea  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Tanzania  Thailand  Togo  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Uganda  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  Uruguay  Zambia    SHOW MORE     
     
 Best Journals Ranking  
   
 Animal Science and Veterinary  Biology and Biochemistry  Business and Management  Chemistry  Computer Science  Earth Science  Ecology and Evolution  Economics and Finance  Electronics and Electrical Engineering  Engineering and Technology  Environmental Sciences  Genetics  Genetics and Molecular Biology  Immunology  Law  Law and Political Science  Materials Science  Mathematics  Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering  Medicine  Microbiology  Molecular Biology  Neuroscience  Physics  Plant Science and Agronomy  Political Science  Psychology  Social Sciences and Humanities    Select a Research Area  Animal Science  Veterinary Science  Zoology    SHOW MORE     
     
 Best Conferences Ranking  
   
 Animal Science and Veterinary  Biology and Biochemistry  Business and Management  Chemistry  Computer Science  Earth Science  Ecology and Evolution  Economics and Finance  Electronics and Electrical Engineering  Engineering and Technology  Environmental Sciences  Genetics  Genetics and Molecular Biology  Immunology  Law  Law and Political Science  Materials Science  Mathematics  Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering  Medicine  Microbiology  Molecular Biology  Neuroscience  Physics  Plant Science and Agronomy  Political Science  Psychology  Social Sciences and Humanities    SHOW MORE     
     
 Upcoming Conferences  
   
 Animal Science and Veterinary  Biology and Biochemistry  Business and Management  Chemistry  Computer Science  Earth Science  Economics and Finance  Electronics and Electrical Engineering  Engineering and Technology  Environmental Sciences  Genetics  Law  Materials Science  Mathematics  Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering  Medicine  Physics  Plant Science and Agronomy  Social Sciences and Humanities    SHOW MORE     

 Research & guides   
 Discover  Knowledge That Will Help You Grow  
   
 Careers  Education  Degrees  Software  Universities & Colleges    
 Computer Science Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary   by Imed Bouchrika, Phd   
 Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist  

  Logistics Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  The rapid growth of e-commerce makes the logistics industry exciting, but students may wonder about the exact skills needed to start these careers. There is an increased demand for skilled logistics and supply chain professionals, as a 2023 report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts a 10% growth in...  
   
  Criminology Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  The field of criminology focuses on both the sociological and psychological aspects of crime and delinquency. As such, many criminologists are trained not only to apprehend criminals and analyze crime scenes but also to evaluate the effects of crime on the community as well as correlate it with existing societal...  
   
  Easiest College Majors & Their Career Paths in 2024  Spending years studying a single discipline can result in burnout, a lack of motivation, and even a decision to change majors. Though every concentration has its challenges, I have found out it is easier to overcome burnout if you have a goal. Having a clear outlook of the career path...  

  Business Management Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  A note from the author, Imed Bouchrika, PhD, career planning expert:...  
   
  Business Administration Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  A note from the author, Imed Bouchrika, PhD, career planning expert:...  
   
  Psychology Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  The field of psychology is booming, with the 2023 data projecting a growth rate of 6% for psychologists until 2032, much faster than the average for all occupations.&nbsp;However, the path to becoming a psychologist can be complicated, with a long list of educational and licensure requirements....  
   
  Information Systems Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  Information systems is one of the fastest growing fields today and offers opportunities to learn cutting-edge technology, as well as help create solutions to enhance businesses worldwide. As a career planning advisor for over 10 years, I have seen this sector evolve and progress exponentially, with no signs of slowing...  
   
  Public Relations Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  Public relations has evolved from its traditional role into one of the most dynamic sectors in today’s ever-changing world. It offers opportunities to work on complex issues, engage audiences in meaningful conversations, and create innovative campaigns. As a profession deeply rooted in connecting organizations and individuals with external stakeholders, it...  
   
  Social Science Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  Social scientists use research-backed evidence to assist groups in making better-informed decisions. For instance, the U.K. government halted social distancing rules in March 2020, at the beginning of the pandemic, because of their theory of ‘behavioral fatigue’ (Hahn et al., 2020). This exemplifies how research is used to help society...  
   
  International Business Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  The world is more interconnected than ever, and international business careers are at the forefront of this globalized landscape. These careers offer exciting opportunities to work with people from diverse cultures, navigate complex trade agreements, and contribute to the flow of goods and services across borders....  
   
  How to Become a Licensed Counselor (LPC) in Utah in 2024  Dedicated counselors in Utah address a spectrum of mental health needs, from career guidance to rehabilitation. If you are interested in how to become a licensed professional counselor in Utah, know that you will have to go through complex educational and application processes. The requirements could be overwhelming, but well...  
   
  How to Become a Licensed Counselor (LPC) in New Mexico in 2024  As someone deeply invested in guiding students toward fulfilling careers, I've observed a growing interest in pursuing careers in counseling. With a median annual wage of $59,255 according to recent data, becoming a licensed professional counselor (LPC) in New Mexico presents an enticing opportunity. In this article, drawing upon my...  
   
  How to Become a Therapist without a Psychology Degree in 2024  Becoming a therapist can be overwhelming, especially if you don't have a psychology degree. There are a lot of educational and licensing requirements that may make you feel lost and discouraged. As a career planning expert with over a decade of experience, I have created a comprehensive guide to pursuing...  
   
  Addiction Recovery Careers: 2024 Guide to Career Paths, Options & Salary  The field of addiction recovery is growing rapidly, offering diverse and rewarding opportunities to individuals who want to make a real difference.&nbsp; As a career counselor, I know that taking some time to explore your options is crucial given the many paths available, from direct client care to research. In...  
   
  How to Become a Licensed Counselor (LPC) in Oregon in 2024  Are you contemplating a career as a Licensed Counselor (LPC) in Oregon, but you're unsure about how to go about it? You're not alone. Indeed, embarking on a new career path can be daunting, especially when you're uncertain about the specifics of the journey.&nbsp;...  

 Discover more articles about Careers   
   
 Show more    
 How Much Do Sororities and Fraternities Cost? Registration Fees & Membership Costs in 2024   by Imed Bouchrika, Phd   
 Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist  

  College Application Deadlines: When to Apply to Colleges? 2024 Admission Guide  Are you a high school senior planning to enroll in college this fall? As exciting as this new chapter in your life may be, it can also be overwhelming to navigate the college application process. With the rise in the number of first-year college applicants by 14.4% through March 2022...  
   
  List of College Acceptance Rates in 2024  Top university admissions are extremely competitive, and students often apply to a considerable number of schools to increase their chances of acceptance. Only around 24% of students apply to one college, according to the latest college statistics by the National Association for College Admission Counselling. However, applying to multiple colleges...  
   
  Most Affordable Online Colleges: Guide to Online Programs for 2024  Online degrees are increasing in popularity as more workers seek to study online along with young high school graduates. There is a vast array of choices on what degree to pursue and which universities to go to, especially with regard to affordability. This article aims to enlighten potential degree seekers...  

  Best Online Library Science Programs in 2024  For individuals interested in pursuing library science yet requiring the flexibility of distance learning, the search for suitable programs can be challenging. Through meticulous research, I have curated a selection of top-tier online library science programs in the United States. This compilation offers professionals and students the convenience they seek...  
   
  What Can You Do with a Nutritional Science Degree: 2024 Costs & Job Opportunities  Good nutrition is as much an asset as financial wealth since a healthy body produces a lot of energy for optimum productivity and resists illnesses better. Unfortunately, not everyone has this luxury. The latest figures from the Economic Research Service of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) show that...  
   
  Best Paying Associate Degrees in 2024  As a seasoned career planning expert with over a decade of experience researching data from government and academic sources, I have observed a significant shift in the perspective of American students toward higher education. According to Educational Credit Management Corporation (ECMC), a staggering 85% of high schoolers feel pressured into...  
   
  What Are the Highest Paying Business Master’s Degrees in 2024?  Note from the author, Imed Bouchrika, PhD, career planning expert:...  
   
  50 Highest-Paying College Majors in 2024  I've been helping students with career choices for over ten years. I understand that many students worry about money and student loans. Here's a quick fact: if you only have a diploma, you make $853 per week. But if you have a bachelor's degree, that nearly doubles to $1,432 per...  
   
  Best Online Accelerated Bachelor’s Degrees: Guide to Online Programs for 2024  Not everyone is willing to spend four years in college to earn a degree. Some students prefer to start working as soon as possible. Unfortunately, recent data shows that the college enrollment rate for 18- to 24-year-olds has dropped from 41 percent in 2010 to 38 percent in 2021. Moreover,...  

 Discover more articles about Education   
   
 Show more    
 30 Highest Paying Bachelor’s Degrees And Their Job Growth Rates in 2024   by Imed Bouchrika, Phd   
 Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist  

  20 Most Affordable Online Doctorate Programs in 2024  With years of experience in academia and as a career planning advisor, I can affirm that high-paying and rewarding jobs often require a doctorate degree. But all too often, these degrees come with a hefty price tag. The good news is things are changing. Online education has revolutionized accessibility to...  
   
  25 Most Affordable Online MSW Programs for 2024  Considering a career in social work is exciting, but the numerous universities and programs can make the decision-making process a bit overwhelming. What adds to the challenge is the expectation of over 53,000 job openings for social workers by 2032. This growing demand might lead to more programs being introduced,...  
   
  32 Best College Majors to Pursue in 2024: Salary & Job Growth Data  Choosing the right college major is a pivotal decision that significantly impacts one’s career trajectory and financial future. With the labor market’s continuous evolution, identifying the best college majors that align with high salary potential and strong job growth is crucial. Drawing from my more than 10 years of experience...  

  40 Shortest Doctoral Programs Online in 2024  Doctoral programs typically last four to six years, including coursework and research. STEM programs can extend to over eight years, depending on factors like program structure, subject, institution, and full-time or part-time enrollment. However, some doctoral programs can be completed faster, ranging from one to four years or less. Additionally,...  
   
  15 Most Affordable Online MFA Programs for 2024  An online Master’s in Fine Arts (MFA) degree program empowers artists to hone their craft, build a robust portfolio, and establish a solid foundation for a successful career in the arts. Yet, it can be difficult for working professionals to fit into fixed schedules of traditional on-campus MFA programs. As...  
   
  50 Highest-Paying College Majors in 2024  I've been helping students with career choices for over ten years. I understand that many students worry about money and student loans. Here's a quick fact: if you only have a diploma, you make $853 per week. But if you have a bachelor's degree, that nearly doubles to $1,432 per...  
   
  Best Degrees to Get in 2024: Popular Majors That Guarantee High Salary  College provides a unique platform for young adults to discover the world and make life-altering decisions that shape their future. With all of its challenges, college is an empowering journey toward independence and personal growth. One such major decision, for instance, is what is the best degree to get. Throughout...  
   
  10 Most Affordable Online Masters in Speech Pathology in 2024  The field of speech-language pathology is undergoing substantial expansion, yet the costs of obtaining the requisite education remain considerable. Fortunately, there are affordable online master's in speech pathology programs that provide a feasible pathway to this highly sought-after profession without imposing undue financial strain....  
   
  Computer Science vs Computer Engineering in 2024: Which Is Better, Which Is Harder?  With the ever-changing tech industry, computational degrees are a highly sought-after academic path for those pursuing technology careers. As a matter of fact, the technology sector has been steadily growing in recent years. In 2022 alone, experts predict that the global technology industry will reach $5.3 trillion (CompTIA, 2022)....  
   
  Finance Degree vs. Accounting Degree: Comparison of Requirements and Salary in 2024  If you’re considering getting a business degree, you might be stuck choosing between accounting and finance majors. For new university students, figuring out the differences between these two can be confusing. This article aims to clarify the differences between these popular majors, providing insights into degree programs, credentials for better...  
   
  What Can You Do with a Psychology Degree? 25 Career Options to Choose from in 2024  Many students are drawn to psychology as a major. But behind its popularity, there are misconceptions about job opportunities available for graduates. Thus, leading them to question the value of the degree. In response, I’ve crafted this guide to help students navigate these uncertainties. I aim to offer clarity on...  
   
  What Can You Do With A Communications Degree: Requirements & Career Prospects for CURRENT_YEAR  A communications degree is very versatile, providing students with needed skills translatable to virtually any industry. In 2021, there were&nbsp;119,161 communication degrees conferred in the U.S., with around&nbsp;2.35 million of the country's workforce holding a degree.&nbsp;...  
   
  What Can You Do With A Marketing Degree? CURRENT_YEAR Costs, Requirements & Job Opportunities  In an era dominated by vast forms of digital content, brands vie for a share of consumers’ attention. As a seasoned career planning expert with over a decade of experience, I have witnessed how marketing degree programs work as strategic tools in empowering prospective professionals to craft compelling narratives that...  
   
  Sociology Degree: 2024 Requirements, Career Prospects & Salary  Navigating the myriad specializations available to sociology graduates can be daunting, whether pursuing areas of study like social work, public policy, education, or advocacy. Yet, sociology offers a solid foundation for a thriving career path, with sociologists today earning a median annual wage of $98,590, according to 2023 data from...  
   
  Social Work Degree Guide: 2024 Costs, Requirements & Job Opportunities  A social work degree can let you be the changemaker that you can be. It arms you with the knowledge and abilities to not only comprehend complex social issues such as poverty, inequality, and mental health difficulties but also to actively support solutions—one client, one advocacy campaign, one policy change...  
   
  Nursing Degree Guide: 2024 Costs, Requirements & Job Opportunities  A note from the author, Imed Bouchrika, PhD, career planning expert:...  
   
  32 Most Affordable Online MBA Programs in 2024  A note from the author, Imed Bouchrika, PhD, career planning expert:...  
   
  Education Degree Types: Tuition & College Requirements for 2024  A note from the author, Imed Bouchrika, PhD, career planning expert:...  
   
  Hospitality and Tourism Degree Guide: 2024 Costs, Requirements & Job Opportunities  The recent disruptions in the hotel and tourism industry might deter potential students from pursuing a career in this field. However, despite these challenges, the sector continues to thrive as people persist in dining, traveling, and enjoying life. If you are considering a career in hospitality and tourism, there is...  

 Discover more articles about Degrees   
   
 Show more    
 Learning Management Systems for Education: Features, Benefits, and Challenges in 2024   by Imed Bouchrika, Phd   
 Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist  

  20 Best School Accounting Software in 2024  While financial management as espoused by schools employs generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) through accounting degree programs, accounting practices differ from institution to institution and more so in corporate settings. It can be more complex and even complicated than your garden-variety SME accounting. Revenue streams can come from myriad sources,...  
   
  17 Best Invoicing Software in 2024  Manual invoice processing methods have long been the practice of businesses. Automation through the use of invoicing software, however, has introduced a faster and more efficient way for organizations to optimize invoice preparation while at the same time lowering operational expenses....  
   
  17 Best Project Management Software in 2024  A note from the author, Alex Hillsberg, SaaS software expert:...  

  18 Best Property Management Software in 2024  A note from the author, Alex Hillsberg, SaaS software expert:...  
   
  15 Best Tax Software in 2024  Effective tax administration is a major pillar of revenue generation. With digital transformation permeating every aspect of businesses, it only makes sense that the tax management process must also shift from spreadsheets to digital systems that can capture the intricacies of local jurisdictions. This is where tax software comes in....  
   
  16 Best ERP Software Solutions in 2024  Enterprise resource planning (ERP) software allows information to flow seamlessly across diverse business functions and business units, between and among geographical boundaries. Within the ERP system, no transaction will go unnoticed. Such visibility delivered by the best ERP software solutions provides a competitive advantage....  
   
  16 Best Accounting Software in 2024  The finance and accounting sector is no stranger to the emergence of online workforce management software vendors, platforms, and applications. Along with the availability of learning management systems and online employee training tools, accounting software have been present in the market, ready to cater to different types of business owners,...  
   
  20 Best HR Software in 2024  Human resource (HR) departments were one of the first affected during the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. The roles of HR professionals were changed in an instant. After all, they were not only in charge of talent management and payroll but also the health and safety of employees when at...  
   
  Best Contract Management Software in 2024  Contracts provide businesses with legal protection and growth opportunities in many aspects, from sales to human resources (HR). Over the decades, leading business software has boosted company scalability, and contract management software solutions certainly have been keeping up with modernization efforts....  
   
  Best Construction Management Software in 2024  Cities all over the world are crawling with buildings and similar infrastructures. As urbanization continues to take effect, more and more people are enticed to move from rural areas. In fact, the global city population is expected to rise to 58% in 50 years (UN-Habitat, 2022). With city developments being...  
   
  Best Payroll Software for Small Business in 2024  From utilities and subscriptions to mortgages and loans, we all make monthly payments. If you have a business, then monthly salaries to your workforce are also included. As individuals, we may not be preparing a large-scale payroll month after month, but we have an idea of how tedious computations are...  
   
  Best POS Software in 2024  Have you ever experienced ordering an item from a restaurant menu on to learn a few minutes later that your order is not available? While this frustrates a lot of diners, restaurants that use a Point-of-Sale (POS) system are able to eliminate this scenario. Instead, they get real-time updates from...  
   
  15 Best Business Software in 2024  Digital transformation is changing the way businesses run. It helps not only to automate manual, repetitive tasks but also to streamline workflows. When the COVID-19 pandemic broke out, the ongoing evolution of digital transformation was greatly accelerated as most businesses were forced to work remotely (Statista, 2020). Business owners had...  
   
  15 Best Small Business Accounting Software in 2024  Small businesses are key players in today’s economy. They make up 50% of global employment and account for around 40% of the gross domestic product (GDP) of developing countries (World Bank, n.d.). However, owning a small business can be difficult, with the various roles that managers need to undertake on...  
   
  15 Best Bookkeeping Software in 2024  Handling finances and recording transactions is a critical aspect of business management. As companies grow, these transactions and other financial data increase and become much more difficult to keep tabs on. For example, high-growth micro-businesses and enterprises might find it laborious to record financial information due to more attention-demanding tasks....  
   
  Best Fleet Management Software in 2024  The outlook for the transportation and fleet management solutions sector looks promising. In 2022, the United States logistics market was estimated to be worth $175 trillion and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate or CAGR of 6.2% ($236.41 trillion) by 2027 (Research and Markets, 2022)....  
   
  15 Best CMS Software in 2024  An efficient Content Management System (CMS) is needed to create a website and manage its content from scratch without the need to learn to code or possess a degree in web development. Businesses lean on websites to establish credibility and build customer trust. With the aid of CMS software, companies,...  
   
  Best CMMS Software in 2024  Downtime is one of the most pressing problems that industrial, commercial, and manufacturing industry professionals anticipate. In fact, it can cost manufacturers $21,000/minute (de Gutes, 2022). This will visibly charge companies millions if not addressed properly, which is why it is important to invest in&nbsp;CMMS....  
   
  Best Workforce Software in 2024  The shift towards hybrid, remote, and more flexible working conditions is becoming more blatant. Deskless workers currently make up 80% of the global workforce. Furthermore, workers are willing to forego a pay increase for the opportunity to work from home (U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2022). Consequently, businesses are doing...  
   
  Best Email Marketing Software in 2024  Data shows that 33% of marketers send at least one email per week, which probably explains why we receive plenty of promotional emails every day. We are sure you can relate to having an inbox full of promotional emails, most of which you cannot even remember signing up for, but...  
   
  15 Best Free Learning Management Systems for 2024  Free learning management systems or LMS often have the same features as a paid LMS, but with some limitations. When choosing free LMS systems for schools, consider your needs and budget....  

 Discover more articles about Software   
   
 Show more    
 Trade School vs College in 2024: Pros & Cons, and Job Opportunities   by Imed Bouchrika, Phd   
 Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist  

  How Much Does College Cost in 2024: Breakdown for the US and Other Countries  Skyrocketing tuition and other college fees in the United States are a major concern for many students and their families. Although some countries offer public education for free or under subsidized fees, other fees such as books and accommodations should be taken into account as well. This means that answering...  
   
  Most Affordable Online Colleges for Military Students in 2024  As someone who has helped military students plan their careers in the past ten years, I've seen how difficult it can be for them to afford higher education. Many military students have significant debts, even with the GI Bill's benefits. A Student Veterans of America survey found that out of...  
   
  Top 50 US Colleges that Pay Off the Most in 2024  No one will argue that a college education is expensive. Aside from tuition costs, students also need to shoulder expenses for books, board and lodging, food, and transportation. That’s why online education statistics show the increasing popularity of online higher education. Families are looking for more affordable alternatives. So, grades...  

  How to Choose the Best Online Colleges and Universities for 2024  Online degree programs make college more accessible than traditional on-campus study to a broader audience. You may get online degrees for different educational levels without sacrificing your time, work, or familial responsibilities, thanks to technological advancements. Just like conventional programs, you must search for the best online colleges and universities...  
   
  List of Best Online Colleges in 2024  As it has done with multiple industries, the digital transformation of education continues to evolve. With my decade-plus experience in career planning, I've seen the surge in online education's popularity, with millions embracing this flexible learning format. This guide aims to navigate you through the best online colleges, focusing on...  
   
  Best Psychology Schools in California – 2024 Accredited Colleges & Programs  With the demand for clinical, counseling, and school psychologists expected to surge by 8.6% between 2020 and 2030 (Employment Development Department, n.d.), psychology schools in California are at the forefront of meeting the rising need for various psychology careers. These schools have programs that offer a gateway to fulfilling career...  
   
  Best Psychology Schools in Florida – 2024 Accredited Colleges & Programs  Around 83% of the behavioral health workforce believes that without changes to public policy, provider organizations will be unable to meet the demand for mental health or substance abuse treatment and care (National Council for Mental Wellbeing, 2023). The aftermath can see a potential exodus of behavioral health workers due...  
   
  Best Psychology Schools in Texas – 2024 Accredited Colleges & Programs  Choosing the right school for studying psychology in Texas can be tough. With the state's mental health workforce being the second largest in the nation yet still needing 702 more psychologists to meet demand, it’s clear that more qualified professionals are needed. In this article, I'll guide you through the...  
   
  21 Easiest Online College Degrees and Majors for CURRENT_YEAR  Looking for the right college degree can seem like a complicated task. With time and effort demands, many students feel discouraged and wonder if pursuing higher education is worth it. According to data published by the NCES in 2023, total undergraduate enrollment in degree-granting institutions has declined by 15 percent...  
   
  Most Affordable Online MLIS - Master’s Degrees in Library Science for CURRENT_YEAR  Despite the growing importance of library science, aspiring individuals face challenges in finding affordable online master’s programs. In 2023, the American Library Association found that libraries are hustling to adapt to the changes introduced by technology and innovation. From the rise of virtual resources to the accessibility of digital shelves,...  
   
  Most Affordable Online Master’s Degree in Christian Counseling for 2024  A note from the author, Imed Bouchrika, PhD, career planning expert:...  
   
  Best Accelerated Online MBA Programs in 2024  In today’s fast-paced world, higher education, particularly in business, must meet the demands of modern career paths. As a career planning expert with extensive experience, I’ve observed the increasing value of accelerated online MBA programs. These programs not only cater to the urgency of career advancement but also resonate with...  
   
  Most Affordable Online Master’s in Counseling Degree Programs for 2024  Considering the high cost of pursuing advanced degrees in counseling, with tuition fees sometimes exceeding $53,850 per year in 2023, I understand the financial strain it can cause. Fortunately, there are numerous affordable online master's programs in counseling that offer quality education without burdening your finances....  
   
  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults for 2024  For working adults striving to achieve career aspirations through additional academic qualifications, online degree programs provide flexible solutions. This article delves into some of the popular accelerated online degree programs available today. I have researched various government and academic sources to flesh out all the benefits of these online programs,...  
   
  Best Online Degrees to Get: Accredited Top Online Programs for CURRENT_YEAR  Whether you are aiming for career advancement or just want to develop your skills, enrolling in an online degree can be a great way to pave the way for a brighter future. From accelerated options to specialized niche programs, online degrees cater to a wide range of interests and goals,...  
   
  Most Affordable Online Executive MBA Programs for 2024  Advancing a career in leadership offers many perks, but cost considerations often loom large. Our experts in career planning understand the importance of finding affordable yet high-quality online Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) programs. This guide explores these programs, focusing on curricula, program duration, costs, financial aid, and other...  
   
  Best Online Graphic Design Degree Programs of 2024  If you are a visual storyteller passionate about expressing yourself through art, an online graphic design degree might be an endeavor worth pursuing. With 47% of marketers using images as the media format to promote businesses, an online bachelor’s degree in graphic design can help you become someone who produces...  
   
  Most Affordable MBA Online Programs Under $10,000 Per Year for 2024  An MBA remains the most popular graduate business degree program offered by business schools (~93%) worldwide, but it can also be expensive.&nbsp;...  

 Discover more articles about Universities & Colleges   
   
 Show more    

 About research.com  
 We Empower  Students With Key Information on Higher Education  
 We are the go-to resource for students seeking to make informed decisions about their educational journey and career path. Our guides, expert's advice, and resources simplify the complex landscape of higher education, making it accessible and understandable for all.  
 Learn more    
   
  ”  
 By choosing Research.com, you're not just accessing a wealth of information; you're joining a community committed to making your educational and career goals a reality.  
 Imed Bouchrika, Phd  
 Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist  

 Copyright © 2024 Research.com. All rights reserved.  Rankings  Methodology  Blog  About  Our Experts    
 Contact  Press Room    
 Advertising Disclosure  Editorial Policy  Privacy Policy    

   