  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
  embs.org 
  IEEE.org 

 About EMBC | Organizing Committee 
  Code of Ethics 
  Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion 
  Session Proposals 
  Papers | Call for Papers 
  Submit a Paper 
  Invited Speakers 
  Hotel & Travel | About the Venue 
  Local Attractions 
  Travel Information 
  Visa Letter Request 
  Sponsors & Exhibitors 

 Call for Papers   

 Home 
  Contributors 
  Call for Papers 

 EMBC is the annual flagship conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society (EMBS). EMBC aims to provide EMBS members, IEEE Members, and other individuals and organizations with information and exhibits to assist in the advancement of electrical, electronics, and biomedical engineering and related arts and sciences. Whereas EMBC is an international conference, participation in EMBC creates opportunities for multiple researchers, practitioners, regulators, and all interested in the field of Biomedical Engineering to participate, network, and share the latest significant findings and developments in the field from across the world. While participating in EMBC as an author includes a large time commitment, it is fruitful, offers great exposure to the innovating research, and the ability to network with leaders in the biomedical engineering field.  
 Our conference is currently accepting the following submission types:  
 Full Contributed Papers that are 4 to 7 pages in length 
  Research Poster Papers – 1 Page Abstracts ( | not published in IEEE Xplore ® | ) 

 Eligibility | All Papers submitted to EMBC must:  
 Be compliant with the IEEE Publications Service and Products Board Operations Manual and all policies therein 
  Be compliant with the | IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society Code of Ethics 
  All authors listed on the paper must be eligible to submit a paper to EMBS conferences. 
  Formatting | All papers must be written in English. 
  All papers must be original unpublished work. 
  Each paper may be written by up to 35 authors maximum. 
  Each author listed on the paper must be listed in the paper management system. 
  One author must be designated the corresponding author for the paper. 
  Our current paper management system will accept papers in Microsoft Word and Latex. 
  We highly recommend the usage of the provided templates to generate your paper. 
  Templates can be downloaded in the paper management system.   
 Each submission will be reviewed for compliance of margins, headers, and footers, page numbers, and other size specifications. Papers which are non-compliant may not be included in the proceeding. 
  Corresponding Author | Each paper submitted to EMBC must have a designated author assigned. 
  While it is traditional for the first listed author to be the corresponding author, any author of the paper may be designated the corresponding author. 
  Whereas many of the responsibilities of the corresponding author will require compliance with legal terms and conditions, such as registration and transferring copyright, the corresponding author of the paper should be an adult of 18 years of age or older with the authority to agree to any and all legal requirements for the paper. 
  The corresponding author acts as the assigned manager of the paper, and should have the authority of all authors to speak collectively on behalf of all authors. 
  The corresponding author is the author responsible for completing all tasks and expectation required for the paper during the paper submission process. 
  The corresponding author is responsible for all activities related to the paper submission. This includes but is not limited to: | Initial submission of a compliant manuscript on or before the submission deadline. 
  Ensure adherence to the deadlines during the paper submission process. 
  Making timely updates or changes to the paper that may be requested or required during the submission process. 
  Acting as the representative to all authors associated with the paper as the lead communicator and representative for the paper. 
  Ensuring any and all fees related to the submission, such as conference registration fee and submission fees, are paid to support final paper upload in accordance with conference deadlines. 
  Completing the accurate final submission of the paper on or before the final submission deadline. 
  Ensuring the paper is presented at the conference during the assigned presentation time scheduled by the organizing committee. 
  Adherence to the EMBS No Show Policy and processes therein. 
  Paper Initial Submission | Timely Submission  
 All authors who wish to have a paper considered for inclusion in the conference program must submit and complete the paper submission process before the submission deadline for the respective submission type. 
  Whereas EMBS Editorial Board manages an equitable review process for all papers, and the review of papers does not begin until all papers of the particular submission type have been submitted and the deadline has closed, late submissions cannot be accommodated. This is to ensure the review process can begin and end timely for all authors. 
  Submission Quality  
 Authors are encouraged to complete a thorough review of the initial submission manuscript. The paper which is submitted will be the paper which is reviewed by the reviewing body. Once the initial submission deadline closes any requests to edit the initial submission cannot be accommodated. 
  Reviews are assigned by theme and keywords included in the paper data during the initial paper submission process. Authors are encouraged to carefully select keywords and themes to ensure the paper is reviewed by peers in your subject area. 
  Review Process | Each paper will be reviewed by reviewers assigned by the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Conference Editorial Board team in connection with the conference organizing committee, and in compliance with IEEE & EMBS Publication and Review Policies. 
  Reviews are traditional single blind peer reviews where the identity of the reviewer is not visible to the author(s). 
  The qualitative and quantitative feedback from the reviews and other factors of consideration for the conference will be gathered to determine whether the papers should be either accepted or rejected. Papers that are rejected will be automatically transferred to the Research Poster Paper category and the author will have the opportunity to upload a final 1 Page paper in that category. 
  Acceptance or Rejection | On or before the scheduled and communicated notification date set by the organizing committee the conference will notify the corresponding author of the acceptance or rejection of the paper to the conference program, along with comments and suggested feedback received from reviewers. 
  Papers which are accepted will be advised of next steps and will be required to move forward with additional requirements and deadlines related to the conference submission process. 
  Where the paper is accepted to the program the corresponding author is encouraged to update the paper to meet any recommendations provided by the reviewers. 
  Papers that are rejected are encouraged to review the feedback from reviewers and apply said feedback to future submission opportunities or use the feedback when uploading the 1 Page Research Poster Paper. 
  Final Submission | Papers that are accepted to the conference program are required to complete all steps outlined for the final submission process. Papers that do not complete the final submission steps on or before the deadlines outlined by the conference are subject to removal from the conference program. 
  Whereas the conference program of author submitted work is a collective of all author contributions, timely completion of the Final submission process is critical. 
  Final Submission steps included, but are not limited to: | Finalizing and Submitting the Presentation Ready/Photo Ready/ Publication ready Manuscript | The corresponding author of the paper must submit the final draft of the paper, on or before the published deadline. 
  Corresponding authors are encouraged to complete a thorough review of the paper before the final submission deadline. 
  This will be the final opportunity to make any changes, adjustments, or acknowledgements; Requests to update, edit, change, or add information to the paper will not be accommodated after the final submission deadline. 
  Transfer of Copyright to IEEE | In accordance with IEEE Policy and the IEEE PSPB Operations Manual, all papers must transfer copyright of the paper to IEEE before publication. You may visit the IEEE Author center for more details on the copyright process and requirement. 
  Registration to the Conference | The corresponding author of the paper is expected by the conference to register to attend the conference and present the work to participants of the conference. 
  If the corresponding author is not able to attend the conference, he or she may delegate this responsibility to a co-author. 
  Delegation of this responsibility requires that the corresponding author submit a substitute/Absentee case in advance. 
  At least one of the paper authors must register as an “author registration” in support of the paper and attend the conference at full registration rate to support the paper. 
  Full registration rates are defined as rates that offer full access to the conference for the duration of the conference. 
  Student Full rates can support a full paper. 
  All fees must be paid in full, including any applicable taxes. 
  Payment of any Applicable Submission Fees | Additional Submission Fees | Each author full registration will support up to 2 accepted papers of any submission type. 
  Additional submission fees will apply to the third submission, and any submission greater than 2. 
  Paper Presentation | Each paper that is accepted to the conference program by the organizing committee and meets the final submission and registration requirements will be required to present their work at the conference as scheduled by the organizing committee. 
  Decisions on the Presentation type or vehicle assigned to a paper are determined by the conference organizing committee members considering the factors that include, but are not limited to: | Conference Editorial Board recommendation. 
  Recommendations and suggestions by the paper reviewer. 
  Topic and content of the paper. 
  Topic Interest. 
  Conference delivery resources. 
  Given the size of the conference and the number of papers presented during the conference, the committee is unable to accommodate special requests for presentation types and/or scheduling accommodations. 
  Authors are encouraged to plan attendance for the full conference scheduled as all presentation dates are subject to change with or without notice. 
  EMBS No Shows | Policy   
 EMBS enforces a no-show policy. Any paper that is accepted to the conference, completes final submission, and is included in the final program must be presented at the conference. 
  The corresponding author is the scheduled presenter of the paper, and is required to present the paper at the scheduled presentation date and time determined by the conference organizing committee. 
  The author(s) of any paper that is added to the final conference program but is not presented as scheduled will be subscribed to the no-show list compiled by EMBS. 
  EMBS No Show Author List   
 Authors who are listed on the EMBS no-show list will be included on said list for a period of no less than 2 years. 
  The list of no-shows will be made available to All EMBS Conference organizers, and said organizers may reject submissions from authors included on the no show list. 
  Substitutions   
 Whereas the corresponding author is required to present the paper, should any circumstances arise where the corresponding author is unable to present the paper at the conference, the corresponding author may delegate the presentation responsibility to one of the listed co-authors of the paper to present the paper in his or her absence. 
  Said substitution of a corresponding author by a co-author must be documented and substantiated in advance via the | EMBS Substitute/Absentee Form | . 
  It is the responsibility of the corresponding author to submit a substitute/absentee case to the EMBS executive office before the scheduled date of the presentation. 
  Undocumented Substitutions will be considered a corresponding author “no show”. 
  Should a circumstance arise where none of the listed authors are able to present the paper at the conference it is the responsibility of the corresponding author to submit a substitute/absentee case to via the | EMBS Substitute/Absentee Form | documenting the reason for the absence. 
  Cases submitted to the | EMBS Substitute Absentee Form | , where the paper is not presented by the corresponding author or a substitute co-authors will be reviewed on its merits, and supporting documentation may be required. 
  Paper Publication & Indexing | Papers submitted on the Full Contributed Paper type and path that are accepted, complete all final submission steps as outlined by the conference, are presented at the conference as scheduled, and meet the IEEE Standards for Publication will be deemed eligible by EMBS for publication and indexing in IEEE | Xplore | and PubMed Medline as a paper include in the conference proceedings. 
  1 Page Papers are not eligible for publication and indexing opportunities. 
  Acceptance to the conference does not guarantee or imply the guarantee of publication. 
  Best Practices | Select Your Corresponding Author Carefully   
 Whereas the corresponding author is the person responsible for all activities of the paper, he or she plays a large role in the author experience for all authors on the paper. 
  The corresponding author should be diligent and carry the capacity to receive and disseminate information to other authors promptly. 
  The corresponding author should be one who is an adult of 18 years of age or older, who has the license to speak on behalf of all authors. 
  While the society recognizes that it is traditional for the first author to be the corresponding author, in the scope of the conference author process for EMBS, the corresponding author is a paper manager and lead and should be willing and prepared to except the role and the responsibilities required by the role. 
  Adherence to Deadline   
 Throughout the submission process there will be deadlines that must be adhered to. Timely engagement on the efforts required to meet said deadlines is critical. 
  The committee sets these deadlines to ensure that the conference project timeline is met and that the conference experience is balanced for all authors and stakeholders. 
  Communication   
 Whereas EMBS is an international membership organization, fueled by energy from volunteers all over the world, the primary sources of communication with authors include email, notifications in the author workspace, social media, and the conference website. 
  Authors are encouraged to: | Ensure your email address in the author profile is up to date. 
  Check spam and junk folders for messages related to your submitted work. 
  Login as often as possible to your author workspace for any changes in status of notifications. 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms & Disclosures 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

 About EMBC | Organizing Committee 
  Code of Ethics 
  Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion 
  Session Proposals 
  Papers | Call for Papers 
  Submit a Paper 
  Invited Speakers 
  Hotel & Travel | About the Venue 
  Local Attractions 
  Travel Information 
  Visa Letter Request 
  Sponsors & Exhibitors 

 Search this website    

 Login to EMBC 2025   

  Login  Lost Password?    

 Reset Password   
 Enter the username or e-mail you used in your profile. A password reset link will be sent to you by email.     
  Get new password    
 Already have an account? Login     

  