 
 BMVC 2024      
 Home 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers  Call for Workshops  Call for Papers - Doctoral Consortium 
  Attending | Plan Your Visit  Registration  Venue  Code of Conduct 
  Programme | Accepted Papers  Keynotes  Workshops  Conference Schedule 
  Authors | Author Guidelines  Presentating at BMVC  Submit Your Paper  Reviewing Guidelines  Area Chair Guidelines 
  People | Organisers  Outstanding Reviewers 
  Sponsors 

 Call for Papers  

 The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC) is one of the major international conferences on computer vision and related areas. It is organised by the British Machine Vision Association (BMVA). The 35th BMVC will now be an in-person  event from 25th—28th November 2024 in Glasgow, UK.  
 Authors are invited to submit high-quality papers in image processing, computer vision, machine learning and related areas for BMVC 2024. Submitted papers will be refereed on originality, presentation, empirical results, and evaluation quality. Accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings published and DOI-indexed by BMVA. Past proceedings are online at the BMVA proceedings website  .  
 Please note that BMVC is a single-track meeting with oral and poster presentations. The paper submission deadline will be on the 10th of May 2024  . Submitted papers should not exceed NINE  pages (references are excluded), and appendices should be submitted via the supplementary information. You can find further information in the Author Guidelines  and Submit your Paper  pages.  
 The submission portal will be available from the 2nd of April, 2024.  
 Topics include, but are not limited to:  
 3D from X 
  3D Shape modeling and processing 
  Action and event understanding 
  Adversarial attack and defense 
  Architecture and Space Design 
  Biometrics 
  Brave new ideas (not beating SOA but a new appraoch, theory, niche) 
  Computational Photography and Photogrammetry 
  Computer vision theory 
  Datasets and Evaluation 
  Deep learning architectures and techniques 
  Document analysis and understanding 
  Embodied vision: Active agents; simulation 
  Explainable AI 
  Fairness, privacy, ethics, social-good, transparency, accountability in vision 
  Generative models 
  Humans: Face, Gestures, Pose and Body Movement 
  Human-in-the-loop computer vision 
  Image Retrieval 
  Low-level and Physics-based Vision 
  Machine learning (other than deep learning) 
  Medical and Biological Image Analysis 
  Motion estimation and tracking 
  Multimodal learning 
  Recognition for X 
  Representation Learning 
  RGBD sensors and analytics 
  Scene Analysis and Understanding 
  Segmentation, grouping and shape analysis 
  Self-, semi-, meta-, unsupervised learning 
  Transfer, low-shot, continual, long-tail learning 
  Video analysis and Understanding 
  Vision and audio 
  Vision and graphics 
  Vision and language 
  Vision and robotics 
  Vision applications and systems 
  Visual reasoning and logical representation 
  Papers submitted under the “Brave new ideas” subject area are expected to move away from incremental benchmark gains. Proposed ideas should radically differ from the current research strand or propose a novel problem.  
 Reviewing Process for BMVC 2024  
 Each paper will be reviewed by at least three reviewers. The Area Chair will provide a meta-review, summarising the reviewers’ points and recommending paper decisions.  
 Please Note:  Due to the anticipated volume of papers for BMVC 2024 (based on recent year’s experience), there will be NO extension granted to the submission deadline. In keeping with conferences in the field (e.g., NeurIPS  , CVPR  ) and to cope with the increasing number of submissions, we ask that all authors be prepared to review papers. The submission site will ask authors to acknowledge this commitment, and failure to engage with the reviewing process might be grounds for rejection.   
 Further information about the reviewing process can be found at the Reviewing policies  .  
 Any queries to the Programme Chairs should be sent to programme-chairs@bmvc2024.org  .  
  
 © 2022-2024 The BMVA    
   bmvc@bmvc2024.org   BMVCconf    
 The British Machine Vision Conference is organised by The British Machine Vision Association and Society for Pattern Recognition  . The Association is a Company limited by guarantee, No.2543446, and a non-profit-making body, registered in England and Wales as Charity No.1002307 (Registered Office: Dept. of Computer Science, Durham University, South Road, Durham, DH1 3LE, UK).   

  