    Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Voov Meeting Guide 
  Program | Accepted papers 
  Full Program with Abstracts 
  Registration 
  For Authors | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Workshop CFP: Go2Edge 
  Workshop CFP: Human Chain (IWBND) 
  Submission 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Voov Meeting Guide 
  Program | Accepted papers 
  Full Program with Abstracts 
  Registration 
  For Authors | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Workshop CFP: Go2Edge 
  Workshop CFP: Human Chain (IWBND) 
  Submission 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI Broadnets will be held as  a fully-fledged online conference   .   
 Non-authors and Co-Authors  of already registered papers can register for access to the live stream completely free of charge here  .   
 If you are a registered author  , please read carefully: Paper Presentation Instructions   .  
 Due to the safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19, EAI Broadnets 2020  will take place online in a live stream.  
  Participants will still be able to enjoy unique interactive benefits – learn more   .  

 EAI BROADNETS 2020 – 11th EAI International Conference on Broadband Communications, Networks, and Systems   
 December 11-12, 2020   
  Qingdao, People’s Republic of China  Cyberspace   
   
  Top performing BROADNETS paper   is currently at 383   citations  and still counting!   
  All authors have enjoyed over 5900+   citations.    
  Watch the full recording of the EAI BROADNETS 2020 livestream   and get involved  in the next edition!  

 Go to next edition   

  EAI light   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 EAI light   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Take a look back at the previous edition of BROADNETS here  .    
 BROADNETS 2020 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  Proceedings   
 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library   .  

  Best Paper Award   
 EAI BROADNETS 2020 Best Paper Award goes to the authors of:   
 Analysis of QoS schemes and shaping strategies for large scale IP networks based on Network Calculus   
 Chen, Lihao (Huawei Technologies);  
  Zhang, Jiayi (Huawei Technologies);  
  Gao, Tao (Huawei Technologies);  
  Wang, Tongtong; (Huawei Technologies).  

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library  .  
 BROADNETS proceedings are indexed  in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).  
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal (IF: 2.659) 
  IEEE ACCESS (IF: 4.098) 
  International Journal of Intelligent Internet of Things Computing 
  Physical Communication Journal: Special Issue on Advanced Technologies for Multi-access Edge Computing (IF:1.451) 
  Sensors open access journal (IF: 3.275) | – Subject to an additional fee 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications (Open Access) 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Internet of Things (Open Access) 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series 

  Topics   
 The works that will be presented at the conference will focus on the following topics  :  
 5G/6G technologies, applications and services for IoE 
  Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Internet of Things 
  Vehicle Network 
  Maritime, space and underwater communications 
  Safety and security for IoE 
  Petri Net Theory and System 
  Fog computing, edge computing, and cloud-edge collaborative computing 
  The next-generation communication technology to 5G or 6G 
  Self-grouping network with Low power 
  Big data in bandwidth for City Brain 
  New hardware and protocol for reliable broadband communication 
  Network management for wireless broadband networks 
  Privacy-aware secured protocols for cross-layer operations 
  Deep learning for safety and security broadband communication 
  Emergence-driven network engineering communication and computation 
  Interoperability of heterogeneous networks under broadband communications 

  About BROADNETS 2020   
 The 5G and beyond towards 6G vision targets a digital and connected landscape, where not only people but devices will be connected to what is referred to as the Internet of Everything (IoE). Real-life objects will be smart in nature, and possibly virtual, allowing everyday activities to be performed remotely at the touch of a button in a seamless manner. In this context, new technologies are required such as connectivity that can transport information effectively according to the application data. However, for real-life objects to come life, these will be animated through cyber-physical technology, that include sensors, actuators and embedded software. Where embedded systems were once constrained to consumer devices, now it comes to the forefront playing a pivotal role in the 5G paradigm, allowing devices to become objects, and objects to form part of an integrated system, where different devices employing diverse data formats and operating systems are no longer barriers.  
 The Internet has become the largest man-made system in human history, which has a great impact on people’s daily life and work. Security is one of the most significant concerns in the development of a sustainable, resilient and prosperous Internet ecosystem. Cyber-security in communication faces many challenging issues, such as intrusion detection, privacy protection, proactive defense, anomalous behaviors, advanced threat detection and so on. Recent studies show that Deep learning has resulted in advances in many scientific and technological fields, i.e., medicine, transportation. Therefore, deep learning approaches are expected to deal with these security issues.  
 The scope of this conference will target one of the key drivers for 5G, the IoE world that includes technology advances in cyber-physical systems and security. The conference is also interested in novel works applying 5G concepts to space and underwater communications. The conference aims to provide a platform where to disseminate and discuss key innovations and technology trends in this fast-evolving arena.  

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates  
 MAIN TRACK   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  1 October 2020  
  Notification deadline   
  13 October 2020   23 October 2020   
  Camera-ready deadline   
  12 November 2020  
  Start of Conference   
  11 December 2020  
  End of Conference   
  12 December 2020  
 LATE TRACK   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  15 October 2020   
  Notification deadline   
  29 October 2020  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  12 November 2020  
   
 Previous BROADNETS editions  
 2019  – Xi`an, People’s Republic of China  
  2018  – Faro, Portugal  
  2010  – Athens, Greece  
  2009  – Madrid, Spain  
  2008  – London, Great Britain  
  2007  – Raleigh, North Carolina, United States  
  2006  – San Jose, California, United States  
  2005  – Boston, Massachusetts, United States  
  2004  – San Jose, California, United States  
   
 Sponsors  
   
 Partners  

 This event is a part of  
   
  EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2020 BROADNETS | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
   