  
 Zum Hauptinhalt springen        Home 
  Program | Keynotes 
  DaSCit Symposium 
  History 
  Workshops | ACloudDM 
  BigDS 
  DE4DS 
  ML4Sys-and-Sys4ML 
  NoDMC 
  Participation | Venue 
  Transport 
  Registration 
  Local Attractions 
  Accommodation 
  Sponsorship 
  Calls | Papers (current) 
  Industry 
  Demonstrations 
  Data Science Challenge 
  DaSCiT Symposium 
  Workshops 
  Student Program 
  Dissertation Award 
  Data Science Challenge 
  Officers 

 Sie sind hier:  
 btw2025.gi.de 
  Calls 
  Papers 

 Call for Research Papers   
  
 For more than three decades, the BTW conference has served to network scientists from the data management community in Germany and its neighboring countries, as well as practitioners from industry. Through the mutual exchange on classic core topics of database and information systems technology, but also on current topics such as data science, data protection, the connection with machine learning and highly scalable data processing, database research is constantly being advanced.  
 Tracks and Topics  
 At the BTW conference, both classic and emerging questions from the database area and their possible solutions will be discussed. To ease orientation, contributions will be organized in five tracks. Since many papers will address aspects from several tracks, authors will be able to assign their paper to more than one track. Papers by researchers and practitioners covering basic research, applied research or applications are equally welcome in all tracks  
 Database Technologies and Systems.  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  
 Query processing and optimization 
  Storage and physical database design 
  Indexing, access methods 
  Data management on modern hardware 
  Transaction processing and concurrency control 
  Data warehousing and analytics 
  Implementation and architecture of database systems 
  Parallel, distributed, and cloud-based data processing 
  NoSQL systems (e.g. systems for data streams, web and graph data) 
  Performance analysis and benchmarking 
  Text, Semi-structured Data and IR.  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  
 User aspects of retrieval applications 
  System and foundational aspects 
  Retrieval models, query processing and ranking, efficiency and scalability 
  Machine learning, deep learning and neural models 
  Text mining and text analysis 
  Natural language processing 
  Applications such as web and social media search, professional and domain-specific search 
  Evaluation research of retrieval systems, users, and/or applications 
  Data Engineering, Data Science & Machine Learning.  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  
 Green-IT, sustainability, data ethics, and FAIR data management 
  Data analytics, mining, intelligent systems and machine learning 
  Data transformation, integration, linkage and interoperability 
  Data preparation, cleaning, profiling, and visualization 
  Data provenance, versioning, and reasoning 
  Data streaming and dataflow engines 
  Batch- and ETL-processing systems 
  Schema engineering, evolution, and optimization 
  Metadata management and recording 
  Data processing on modern hardware, distributed systems, and cloud 
  Semantic data and knowledge bases 
  Benchmarks for data engineering algorithms and workflows 
  Database Languages & Theory.  
 All topics of the other tracks are in principle suitable for Databases Languages and Theory  , but this track is primarily interested in work focusing on foundational aspects concerning the principles and theory of data management.  
 Innovations and Use Cases.  
 The Innovations and Use Cases  track at BTW 2025 invites contributions that showcase the interplay between advanced database technologies and their industrial applications. This track emphasizes papers that  
 bridge the gap between foundational database research and the innovative deployment of these technologies. 
  All topics of the other tracks are suitable for the Innovations and Use Cases  track if they have a particular focus on practical use cases. Beyond that we also encourage contributions on the following topics:  
 Implementation and architectural advancements of database systems, particularly for distributed and big data solutions. 
  Integration and performance optimization of database technologies in the cloud and in “as-a-service” models, with an emphasis on scalability and data management. 
  Application of Data Engineering, AI, machine learning methods, and language models within database systems to drive innovation and operational efficiency. 
  Exploration of data protection, security measures, and ethical considerations within industrial data systems, ensuring robustness and compliance. 
  Procedures  
 BTW 2025 aims to be as attractive as possible for authors and conference participants. For this purpose, we will continue or extend the new measures introduced with previous instances of BTW:  
 The review process will include a feedback phase, which allows authors to submit a revision letter. With this letter, they can address questions and criticisms from the reviewers and outline how they plan to revise their contribution to address reviewer comments. 
  The scientific program and the industrial program will be merged again at the conference; contributions from industry, application examples and innovative developments are very welcome and can either be assigned to any thematic track or submitted to the innovations track. 
  Upon submission, the authors will be asked to choose one or more tracks that best fit their paper. 
  The organization team encourages the authors of papers to ensure the repeatability and reproducibility of their experiments and analyses. It is therefore possible to subject accepted contributions to a reproducibility test. Successful contributions are distinguished accordingly in the program and in the proceedings. 
  Both long papers (original papers or review papers) and short papers (on current projects and ongoing research) can be submitted. Practical contributions are also qualified for both long and short papers. Submissions should be written in English. English is also recommended as the lecture language during the conference.  
 The contributions must correspond to the layout specifications of the conference proceedings (LNI style, see https://gi.de/service/publikationen/lni  ). The page limit (not including references) is 20 pages for long papers and 10 pages for short papers. Submissions exceeding the page limit will be rejected without review. The accepted papers will be published in the Lecture Notes in Informatics  (LNI) of the GI.  
 Submissions will be reviewed according to the following criteria:  
 Short papers: thematic fit to the conference, degree of innovation, convincing presentation. 
  Long articles: as above, as well as a careful evaluation and/or proof. 
  Practical contributions: thematic fit to the conference, degree of innovation, convincing presentation, degree of use/impact. 
  Submissions via https://www.conftool.com/btw2025/  from July 2024 onwards. All research track papers are subject to single-anonymity requirement.  
 Deadlines  
 Submission deadline for abstracts is September 13, 2024.   
  Papers are due September 20, 2024  October 2, 2024.  
 (11:59 pm, GMT+1)  

  Teilen     

  © 2024 Gesellschaft für Informatik e.V. 
    
 Impressum 
  Datenschutz 
  Problem melden 

 Cookie Einstellungen  
 Auf unserer Webseite werden Cookies verwendet. Einige davon werden zwingend benötigt, während es uns andere ermöglichen, Ihre Nutzererfahrung auf unserer Webseite zu verbessern. Wir bitten hiermit um Erlaubnis, die folgenden Cookies verwenden zu dürfen. Diese Einwilligung ist freiwillig, nicht für die Nutzung der Website erforderlich und kann jederzeit widerrufen werden.  
   
  Essenziell  Essentielle Cookies werden für grundlegende Funktionen der Webseite wie z.B. für die Anmeldung im Mitgliederbereich benötigt. Dadurch ist gewährleistet, dass die Webseite einwandfrei funktioniert.  
   
 Cookie Informationen anzeigen   
 Name | omCookieConsent 
 Anbieter | gi.de 
 Laufzeit | 1 Jahr 
 Zweck | Enthält die gewählten Tracking-Optin-Einstellungen. 

 Name | fe_typo_user / PHPSESSID 
 Anbieter | gi.de 
 Laufzeit | aktuelle Session 
 Zweck | Dieses Cookie ist ein Standard-Session-Cookie von TYPO3. Es speichert im Falle eines Benutzer-Logins die Session-ID. So kann der eingeloggte Benutzer wiedererkannt werden und es wird ihm Zugang zu geschützten Bereichen gewährt. 

  Statistik  Diese Gruppe beinhaltet alle Skripte für analytisches Tracking und zugehörige Cookies. Es hilft uns die Nutzererfahrung der Website zu verbessern.  
   
 Cookie Informationen anzeigen   
 Name | _pk_id.1.9dca 
 Anbieter | Matomo 
 Laufzeit | 13 Monate 
 Zweck | Dieses Cookie wird von der Open-Source-Software Matomo für die statistische Auswertung der Besucherzugriffe verwendet. 

 Name | _pk_ses.1.9dca 
 Anbieter | Matomo 
 Laufzeit | 30 Minuten 
 Zweck | Dieses Cookie wird von der Open-Source-Software Matomo für die statistische Auswertung der Besucherzugriffe verwendet. 

 Nur essenzielle  Alle akzeptieren    

  