  

 Home 
  About 
  Theme 
  Timeline 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Workshop | AI Fabrication Modeling 
  Ceramic Walls AI 
  Collaborative Robotic Assembly 
  Crafting Informational Atmospheres 
  Crystallizing Data 
  Kit-of Parts Gridshell 
  NURBS Volume Crystallography 
  Phygital Modular Structure 
  Space Pointillism 
  WoodCycle 
  PGSC 
  Project Exhibition 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Committee 
  Contact 
  News 

 Call for Papers           
   
 Access OpenConf           
 Nov. 29th, 2024  
 Full-paper submissions are now closed. We sincerely thank all authors for their contributions. Notifications of acceptance will be sent in early January. In case you have any questions, please contact: psc@caadria.org    
 ​  ​    
 (past information)  
 Abstract submission is closed. Acceptance status and reviewer's feedback are available on OpenConf.  
  Template and instructions for full paper submission are available for download here   .  
  Note that non-adherence to the paper template will unfortunately result in rejection.  
  Please upload your paper as pdf and docx in a compressed folder (max. 512 MB) via OpenConf   .  
  Note that you also need to update your submission information on OpenConf to be able to upload your paper.  
  The deadline for full paper submission is November 24, 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
  Reminder: CAADRIA 2025 is an in-person-only event. For each paper, at least one author is required to register and present.  
  Additionally, to ensure a broader representation of perspectives, each paper must have a unique first author.  
  Any author of a paper can present. However, at least one author needs to pay the registration fee for this paper to be published.  
  As papers not presented in person cannot be published, please consider your ability to travel and present carefully!  
  If you have any question regarding full-paper submission, please contact: psc@caadria.org    
  General inquiries about the organization of the conference should be send to: info@caadria2025.org    

 CAADRIA 2025 invites contributions in line with the 2025 Conference Theme of "Architectural Informatics"  
  
 The concepts of architecture and cities are historically intrinsic to human civilization, as a consciousness of mankind's need to construct artificial environments. However, decades after the advent of computers, we are now reconsidering their existence against the backdrop of the rapid expansion and evolution of information technology and its profound impact on industry, the economy, daily life, and society.  
  
 The quantum acceleration of information processing and communication has had a profound impact on the design of all kinds of artifacts, production techniques, management systems, and usage patterns, and has already surpassed the traditional concept of design and its support methods. By considering social activities and human organizations as forms of information processing, we can reconsider architecture and cities as information systems that have been constructed, accumulated, and acted upon. Viewing architecture and cities through this lens suggests that real and virtual spaces should not be seen as opposing entities, but rather as complementary components within a unified system.  
  
 In other words, information may be architecture. With “Architectural Informatics” as the theme of CAADRIA's 30th anniversary, we would like to reexamine the fundamental existence of architecture in the age of information technology.  
  
 ​We invite original high-quality papers presenting current computer-aided architectural design research, accommodating a broad spectrum of approaches ranging from speculative, informal investigations to conventional scientific research, including but not limited to the following topics:  
 ​   
 Artificial intelligence, neural networks and machine learning 
  Building Information Modeling (BIM) 
  City Information Modeling (CIM) 
  Collective, collaborative & interdisciplinary design 
  Computational design research & education 
  Design cognition and human-computer interaction 
  Disrupted practices, resilience, and social sustainability 
  Environmental and ecological performance 
  Generative, algorithmic & evolutionary design 
  Digital Heritage 
  Interactive environments 
  Material systems, processes and assembly 
  Practice-based design research 
  Robotics, digital fabrication and construction 
  Simulation, visualisation and impact projection 
  Theory, philosophy & methodology of computational design research 
  Urban analytics, big data analysis and smart cities 
  AR / VR / XR 
  Application of technology in the context of the Asia-Pacific Region 
   
 Paper acceptance will be subject to a two-stage reviewing process, based on an initial abstract review and a later double-blind peer review of full-length manuscripts. The paper publication will be subject to review acceptance, compliance with submission deadlines and formatting guidelines, and to payment of the conference registration fee. Please kindly note that multiple submissions are subject to multiple registrations.  
 ​   

 © CAADRIA2025 Organizing committee     

  