                                                                                     
 Home 
  Conference | Committees 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Local Organizer 
  Program 
  Venue 
  Tutorials 
  Contests 
  Social Events 
  Submission | Submit Paper 
  Camera Ready Submission 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Contests 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Special Sessions 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Travel | About Limassol 
  About Cyprus 
  Travel Information 
  FAQ 
  Contact 
   
 Select Page     

 Submissions   

 Guidelines  
 We strongly encourage prospective authors to respect the following guidelines:   
 Papers should be formatted using the Springer LNCS style. Authors should consult Springer’s | authors’ guidelines | and use their proceedings templates, either for | LaTeX | or for | Word | , for the preparation of their papers. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available in | Overleaf | . Springer encourages authors to include their | ORCIDs | in their papers. 
  Papers should be between 6 and 10 pages long including all references, tables and figures. 
  An abstract of max 300 words will be requested during the submission process. 
  CAIP 2023 follows single blind review process. Authors are required to include their names and affiliations in the papers. 
  Only submissions in English will be reviewed. All other submissions will be rejected without review. 
  We only accept the Portable Document Format (PDF) for submission and review. We kindly ask authors to make sure that all fonts are embedded in the PDF file. 
  On acceptance, a camera-ready version must be submitted. Latex source files (including figures, tables, bibtex files, etc) or Word file should also be included, all in a single zip file. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made. 
  Click here  to download the consent to publish form.  
 8. Accepted contributions will appear in the proceedings only if at least one of the authors has registered and paid the registration fee.  
 Ethical Requirements for Authors (adopted from IAPR rules):   
 The submitted paper must contain substantial original work, which has neither been published before nor is under review for any other conference or journal. 
  Any plagiarism is strictly forbidden. 
  Submission implies the willingness of at least one of the authors to present the work at the conference. 
  We retain the right to eliminate any papers in violation of these requirements and to exclude the authors of such papers from the proceedings and report such cases to organizers of future conferences. 
   
 Submission Steps  
 In case you require assistance with the submission system, please contact Easy Conferences at: support@easyconferences.org   
 If you already have an account with EasyAcademia, you can visit the submission area directly: www.easyacademia.org/caip2023   

 Registration Steps   

 Create Account    
    
 Create an “EasyAcademia” account through  

 Visit    

 Verify e-mail    
    
 Activate your account by clicking on the activation link sent to you  

 Log In    
    
 After verifying your e-mail, you can log in to register   for the conference  

 Log In    

 Submit    
 Click on   New Submission   button to begin   
    
 DONE    

 CAIP 2023  
 The 20th International Conference on Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns  
  Venue:  
 Atlantica Miramare Beach Hotel  
  Limassol, Cyprus  

 ACADEMIC ENQUIRIES  
 Prof. Nicolas Tsapatsoulis   
  Cyprus University of Technology  
  nicolas.tsapatsoulis@cut.ac.cy   

 COORDINATOR  
 Local Arrangements   
 EasyConferences Ltd  
 www.easyconferences.eu   
  Tel : (+357) 22 591 900  
  info@easyconferences.eu   

 LOCATION  

 All rights reserved |  EasyConferences Ltd.      

   