     

 Home 
  Register 
  Call for papers | Open calls 
  Call for full papers 
  Call for workshops 
  Call for tutorials 
  Call for journal first 
  Call for PhD award application 
  CAiSE’25 Forum: Call for papers and tool demonstrations 
  Call for Research Projects Exhibition 
  Committees | Chairs 
  Steering Committee Members 
  Program Board 
  Program Committee Members 
  Program | Full program (TBA) 
  Social events 
  Co-Located Events | EMMSAD 
  BPMDS 
  Workshops 
  Logistics | Welcome to Vienna 
  Conference venue 
  Where to stay (TBA) 
  Visa Information 
  Editions 
  Contact | CAiSE'25  
  @ TU Wien 
  Contact | Send email 
  Organizers | Technische Universität Wien (TU Wien) 
  The Business Informatics Group (BIG) 

  Call for full papers  
 CAiSE'25,  Vienna, Austria  June 16-20, 2025    
 Home 
  Calls 
  Call for full papers 

 CAiSE'25 Call for Papers  
 The CAiSE’25 organization calls for full papers with a special emphasis on the theme of Bridging Silos  .  
 Engineering real-world information systems requires a coherent design, encompassing human, organizational, economic, societal, and technological aspects. Information systems are utilized in increasingly diverse contexts such as business process management, geographical information systems, and digital twins. At the same time, the discipline continually evolves with trends in data science, machine learning, process mining, blockchain, mobile computing, sustainability, new regulations, cyber warfare, and military conflicts, all influencing its development. Each application context and emerging trend can lead to specializations within information systems engineering, necessitating various research traditions and needs. While beneficial, these specializations risk creating silos within the field of information systems engineering. Thus, the CAiSE conference, the premier event for this discipline, aims to prevent such fragmentation. Therefore, the theme for this year’s CAiSE conference is Bridging Silos  .  
 We encourage submissions that consider information systems engineering (ISE) as a cohesive design involving multiple aspects across the life cycle of information systems across their design, development, deployment and operation. Submissions concerned with specific specializations are certainly welcome, but they must explicitly position their results within the broader context to engage researchers across different areas and avoid silo formation.  
 In addition to offering an exciting scientific program, CAiSE’25 will feature a best paper award, and a journal special issue:  
 Best Paper Award: | prize EUR 1000 (sponsored by Springer) 
  A small selection of best papers will be invited to submit enhanced versions for consideration in a special issue of Elsevier Information Systems journal dedicated to this conference. 
   
 Papers should be submitted as PDF, following Springer’s LNCS format, and should not exceed 14 pages, excluding the references  , but including all text, figures, and appendices. Submissions not conforming to the LNCS format, the page limitations, or being obviously out of the scope of the conference, will be rejected without review. For Springer’s LNCS format, see the guidelines provided at:  
 Springer’s LNCS Format Guidelines   
 The results described in the submitted paper must be unpublished and must not be under review elsewhere. Three to five keywords characterizing the paper should be listed at the end of the abstract. Each paper will be reviewed by at least two program committee members and, if positively evaluated, a third review will be conducted by one additional program board member. The selected papers will be discussed among the paper reviewers online, as well as during the program board meeting. As the review process is not blind, please indicate your name and affiliation on your submission. Accepted papers will be presented at CAiSE’25 and published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) conference proceedings.  

 Types of Scientific Papers  
 We invite three types of scientific papers: technical papers, empirical papers, and exploratory papers. The type of submission must be indicated in the submission system. Each contribution should explicitly identify the information systems engineering problem addressed, its expected real-world impact, and the research method used. Furthermore, as mentioned above, submissions concerned with specific specializations within the information systems engineering field are certainly welcome. However, they must explicitly position their results within the broader context to engage researchers across different areas and avoid silo formation. We strongly advise authors to clearly emphasize these aspects in their paper, including the abstract.  
 Technical Papers  
 Technical papers describe original insights pertaining to the field of information systems engineering. A technical paper should clearly describe the situation or type of problem tackled, the relevant state of the art, the position or solution suggested and its potential, as well as demonstrate the benefits of the contribution through a rigorous evaluation. We explicitly welcome three kinds of technical papers:  
 Technology oriented papers: | produce and evaluate some technological artifact (infrastructure, tool, language, or system) in controlled/scoped experiments in lab settings. 
  Method oriented papers: | evaluate, produce and evaluate some socio-technological artifact (a method, approach to be used in an information systems engineering context) that needs to be evaluated in a (less controllable) real world setting. 
  Conceptual and theoretical papers: | deal with ontological, philosophical, semiotic, and mathematical foundations of information systems engineering. These papers typically use a deduction and/or argumentation based approach to develop a point/contribution as part of their evaluation. 
   
  Empirical Papers  
 Empirical papers evaluate existing problem situations including problems encountered in practice, or validate proposed solutions with scientific means, i.e., by empirical studies, experiments, case studies, experience reports, simulations, etc. Scientific reflection on problems and practices in industry also falls into this category. The topic of the evaluation presented in the paper as well as its causal or logical properties must be clearly stated. The research method must be sound and appropriate.  
 Exploratory Papers  
 Exploratory papers describe completely new research positions or approaches, in order to face a generic situation arising because of new ICT, new kinds of activities, or new IS challenges. They must precisely describe the situation and demonstrate why current methods, tools, ways of reasoning, or meta-models are inadequate. They must also rigorously present their approach and demonstrate its pertinence and correctness in addressing the identified situation.  

 Topics of Contribution  
 The topics of contribution include but are not limited to:  
 Novel Approaches to IS Engineering  
 Artificial Intelligence including generative AI and Machine Learning 
  Robotic Process Automation (RPA) 
  Big Data, Data Science and Analytics 
  Blockchain applications in IS 
  Simulation and Digital Twins 
  IS for collaboration and social computing 
  Virtual Reality / Augmented Reality 
  Context-aware, autonomous and adaptive IS 
  Models, Methods and Techniques in IS Engineering  
 Ontologies and Ontology Engineering 
  Conceptual modeling, languages and design 
  Requirements engineering 
  Business process modeling, analysis and improvement 
  Process automation, mining and monitoring 
  Models and methods for evolution and reuse 
  Low-code/no-code technology 
  Domain and method engineering 
  Product lines, variability and configuration management 
  Compliance and alignment handling 
  Active and interactive models 
  Quality of IS models for analysis and design 
  Visualization techniques in IS 
  Decision models and business intelligence 
  Knowledge graphs 
  Human-centered techniques 
  Architectures and Platforms for IS Engineering  
 Distributed, mobile and open architecture 
  Big Data architectures 
  Cloud- and edge-based IS engineering 
  Service oriented and multi-agent IS engineering 
  Multi-platform IS engineering 
  Cyber-physical systems and Internet of Things (IoT) 
  Workflow and Process Aware Information Systems (PAIS) 
  Handling of real time data streams 
  Content management and semantic Web 
  Crowdsourcing platforms 
  Conversational agents (chatbots) 
  Microservices design and deployment 
  Domain-specific and Multi-aspect IS Engineering  
 IT governance 
  eGovernment 
  Autonomous and smart systems (smart city management, smart vehicles, etc.) 
  IS for healthcare 
  Educational Systems and Learning Analytics 
  Value and supply chain management 
  Industry 4.0/Industry 5.0 
  Sustainability and social responsibility management 
  Privacy, security, trust, and safety management 

 Submission Details  
 Submit your paper using the Easy Chair link: Submit your Paper  (EasyChairs opens on the 1st of November)  

 Key Dates  
  
 Event | Date 
 Abstract Submission | November 22  , November 29  , 2024, AOE (mandatory) 
 Paper Submission | December 01  December 06  , 2024, AOE 
 Notification of Acceptance | February 28, 2025 
 Camera-ready Papers | April 14, 2025 
 Author Registration Deadline | April 14, 2025 

 BI Group Office  
 Favoritenstraße 9-11/194-3,  
  1040 Vienna, Austria  
  Staircase II on the 2nd floor  
   Phone:   +43 (1) 58801-194301  
  Email:   caise2025@big.tuwien.ac.at    
   
   CAiSE'25 conference:  
   Vienna, Austria  
   June 16-20, 2025    

 Subscribe  to Our Newsletter to get Important News & Reminders:  

  Subscribe    

 Copyrights © by Business Informatics Group (BIG), TU Wien, 2024  
  Privacy Policy    

  caise2025@big.tuwien.ac.at ·   tel: +43 (1) 58801-194301   

  