Skip to content    
      Search for:          

     Main Navigation  
 Call for submission | Important Dates 
  Publication 
  Paper/Poster 
  Doctoral Research Workshop 
  Symposia 
  Tutorial 
  Digital Art, and Online Gallery 
  Themes | IV 
  VIS 
  BuiltViz 
  MediVis 
  GMAI 
  Organisation | Committees | Conference Steering Committee 
  Programme Committee 
  Symposia Committee 
  Contact 
  Organised & suported 
  Programmme | Programmme 
  Calendar (Timetable) 
  Promotion 

 Paper/Poster  
   
    Call for submission 
  Paper/Poster 

 In the present information era, most aspects of our lives depend on and are driven by data, information, knowledge, user experience, and culture. Information Visualisation, Visual Analytics, Business Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science are only a few research areas of the current state of art enabling to increase the comprehension of the information on which is based the infrastructure of our society. The International Conference on Information Visualisation is concentrated around these hot topics. It is in its 24 th  edition. As in the previous edition, also this year there will be the opportunity of starting international cooperations and European research projects, and of discussing with international relevance keynote speakers. The conference is articulated in symposia, with details and further information available at the Symposia  webpage.  
 Your work may be submitted as  
 a full paper 
  a short paper 
  a | poster presentation | (displayed online or during the | SHOWCASE | event) 
  These submissions include, but are not limited to  
 Information Visualisation Theory & Practice 
  Narrative 
  Visualization and Storytelling 
  Glyphs: Shapes, Icons, Text and Imagery in Visualization 
  Information Visualization Evaluation 
  Visual Analytics 
  Social media analytics 
  GeoVisual Analytics and Spatial-Temporal Analytics 
  Knowledge Visualization and Visual Thinking 
  Advances in Interactive and Visual Data Clustering 
  Visualisation in Business Intelligence and Open Data 
  Knowledge Domain Visualisation 
  Open Source Intelligence and Web Mining & Web Visualization 
  Co-operative Design Visualisation 
  Human-Computer Interaction for Information Visualization 
  Graph and Network Visualisation 
  Digital Humanities Knowledge Visualization 
  BioMedical Visualization 
  Visualization, Art, & Design 
  Symposium of Digital Art and Gallery 
  Augmented Reality Visualization and Art 
  Computer Animation, Information Visualisation, and Digital Effects 
  Computer Games and their applications (CGa) 
  Multimedia and E-learning 
  Digital Entertainment 
  Awards  
 The “Best Paper Awards” will be given to the studies which will be selected by the committee among the papers/posters presented in iV2020 and applied for the award. The study’s relevance to the symposium’s scope, its scientific contribution, writing/presentation style will be considered in the evaluation process.  
 IV2020 will have the following awards:  
 iV2020 Best Paper of the Year Award (Conditions: Being a presenter in the symposium) 
  iV2020 The Young Researcher of the Year Award (Conditions: Being a presenter in the symposium, age of 40 and younger) 
  Best Oral Presentation Award (Conditions: Being a presenter in the symposium) 
  Best Research Award [For poster presentations] 
  Selected Journal Publication  
 Accepted and presented papers will be published in the IV 2020 Conference Proceedings and submitted to Conference Publishing Services  , as well as other Abstracting and Indexing (A&I) databases such as EI Compendex, ScienceDirect, Scopus, Web of Knowledge, Thomson ISI, and IET Inspect. Also, extended versions of selected papers will be published as a special issue on the International Journal of Visual Language and Computing. For more information see the publication page  .  
 The dates of all the conference deadlines are available @ Important Dates  .  
 The submission procedure details are available @ submission page  .  

 GraphicsLink Secretariat United Kingdom.  
   P.O. BOX 29, HATFIELD, AL9 7ZL  

  (Int. +44) 1707 - 652 224  
   (Int. +44) 1707 - 652 247  
   iV_CGiV@graphicslink.co.uk    

 Log in 

 © GraphicsLink 2020, http://www.graphicslink.co.uk       

  