    About 
  CALCO | About 
  Call for Papers 
  MFPS 
  Search 

 CALCO Call for Papers | Scope 
  Submission Categories 
  Topics of Interest 
  Submission Guidelines | Regular papers 
  (Co)algebraic pearls 
  Early ideas abstracts 
  Tool papers 
  Best Paper and Best Presentation Awards 

 Call for Papers  

 CALCO Call for Papers  
  CALL FOR PAPERS: CALCO 2025  
  11th International Conference on  
  Algebra and Coalgebra in Computer Science  
  June 16-20, 2025  
  University of Strathclyde, UK  
  Co-located with MFPS XLI  
  https://coalg.org/calco-mfps-2025/   
  Abstract submission: March 3, 2025 (AoE)  
  Full Paper submission: March 6, 2025 (AoE)  
  Author notification: Apr 16, 2025 (AoE)  
  Final version due: May 30, 2025  
  CALCO Call for Papers | Scope 
  Submission Categories 
  Topics of Interest 
  Submission Guidelines | Regular papers 
  (Co)algebraic pearls 
  Early ideas abstracts 
  Tool papers 
  Best Paper and Best Presentation Awards 
    
 Invited Speakers: TBA  
 Special Sessions: TBA  
 Scope  
 Algebraic and coalgebraic methods and tools are a mainstay of computer science. From data types to development techniques and specification formalisms, both theoreticians and practitioners have benefited from the large body of research proposed and implemented since the pioneering works of the 1960s. CALCO aims to bring together researchers and practitioners with interests in both foundational and applicative uses of algebra and coalgebra in computer science, traditional as well as emerging ones. CALCO is a high-level, bi-annual conference formed by joining the forces and reputations of CMCS (the International Workshop on Coalgebraic Methods in Computer Science) and WADT (the Workshop on Algebraic Development Techniques). Previous CALCO editions took place in Bloomington, Indiana (US, 2023), Salzburg (Austria, 2021), London (UK, 2019), Ljubljana (Slovenia,2017), Nijmegen (the Netherlands, 2015), Warsaw (Poland, 2013), Winchester (UK, 2011), Udine (Italy, 2009), Bergen (Norway, 2007), Swansea (Wales, 2005). The 11th edition will be held in Glasgow, UK, co-located with MFPS XLI. It is planned as a physical, in-person event.  
 Submission Categories  
 CALCO invites papers relating to all aspects of algebraic and coalgebraic theory and applications, and distinguishes between four categories of submissions.  
 Regular papers that report  
 results on theoretical foundations, 
  novel methods and techniques for software development, 
  experiences with technology transfer to industry. 
  (Co)Algebraic Pearls papers that  
 present possibly known material in a novel and enlightening way. 
  Early ideas abstracts that lead to  
 presentations of work in progress, 
  proposals for original venues of research. 
  Tool presentation papers that  
 report on the features and uses of algebraic/coalgebraic tools. 
  Topics of Interest  
 All topics relating to algebraic and coalgebraic theory and applications are of interest for CALCO, and among them  
 Models and logics | Automata and languages 
  Graph transformations and term rewriting 
  Modal logics 
  Proof systems 
  Relational systems 
  Behavioural metrics 
  Algebraic and coalgebraic semantics | Abstract data types 
  Re-engineering techniques (program transformations) 
  Semantics of conceptual modelling methods and techniques 
  Semantics of programming languages 
  Methodologies in software and systems engineering | Development processes 
  Method integration 
  Usage guidelines 
  Specialised models and calculi | Hybrid, probabilistic, and timed systems 
  Concurrent, distributed, mobile, cyber-physical, and context-aware computational paradigms 
  Systems theory and computational models (chemical, biological, etc.) 
  System specification and verification | Formal testing and quality assurance 
  Generative programming and model-driven development 
  Integration of formal specification techniques 
  Model-driven development 
  Specification languages, methods, and environments 
  Tools supporting algebraic and coalgebraic methods for | Advances in automated verification 
  Model checking 
  Theorem proving 
  Testing 
  String diagrams and network theory | Theory of PROPs and operads 
  Rewriting problems and higher-dimensional approaches 
  Automated reasoning with string diagrams 
  Applications of string diagrams 
  Quantum computing | Categorical semantics for quantum computing 
  Quantum calculi and programming languages 
  Foundational structures for quantum computing 
  Applications of quantum algebra 
  Submission Guidelines  
 All submissions will be handled via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=calco25   
 The format for all submissions is specified by LIPIcs. Please use the latest version of the style: http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/lipics/instructions-for-authors/   
 It is recommended that submissions adhere to that format and length. Submissions that are clearly too long may be rejected immediately. Proceedings will be published in the Dagstuhl LIPIcs Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics series.  
 A special issue of the open access journal Logical Methods in Computer Science  , containing extended versions of selected papers, is planned.  
 Regular papers  
 Prospective authors are invited to submit full papers in English presenting original research. Submitted papers must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere. Regular papers should be maximum 15 pages long, excluding references. Proofs omitted due to space limitations may be included in a clearly marked appendix.  
 (Co)algebraic pearls  
 This is a recent submission category. Explaining a known idea in a new way may make as strong a contribution as inventing a new idea. We encourage the submission of pearls: elegant essays that illustrate an idea in a beautiful or didactically clever way, perhaps by developing an application. Pearls are typically short and concise and so should not be longer than regular papers in the format specified by LIPIcs. Authors who feel they need a bit more space should consult the PC co-chairs. The accepted papers will be included in the final proceedings of the conference.  
 Early ideas abstracts  
 Submissions should not exceed 2 pages in the format specified by LIPIcs. The volume of selected abstracts will be made available on arXiv and on the CALCO pages. Authors will retain copyright, and are also encouraged to disseminate the results by subsequent publication elsewhere.  
 Tool papers  
 Submissions should not exceed 5 pages in the format specified by LIPIcs. The accepted tool papers will be included in the final proceedings of the conference. The tools should be made available on the web at the time of submission for download and evaluation.  
 Best Paper and Best Presentation Awards  
 This edition of CALCO will feature two awards: a Best Paper Award whose recipients will be selected by the PC before the conference and a Best Presentation Award, elected by the participants.  

  Built with MkDocs  .  
  
 Search  
    
 From here you can search these documents. Enter your search terms below.  

 Keyboard Shortcuts  

 Keys | Action 
 ? | Open this help 
 n | Next page 
 p | Previous page 
 s | Search 

  