   
   Skip to main content    
 Search for:    Search     
 Recommended pages  
 Welcome 
  Undergraduate open days 
  Postgraduate open days 
  Accommodation 
  Information for teachers 
  Maps and directions 
  Sport and fitness 
  Contact us 

 Home 
  Research 
  Theory of computation 

 Explore Research 
  Research Spotlights | Spotlight on Research  
 Connecting Cultures   
 Our Connecting Cultures research promotes and connects diverse cultures, fosters social inclusion, shared ownership, and a sense of belonging. Though all of our work we’re changing lives and bridging gaps through innovative projects that celebrate diversity. 
  Life-Changing Technologies   
 With the growth of our global population the demand for products, infrastructure, and services also increases, creating a growing burden on our planet’s resources and geopolitical relations. To answer this challenge we must alter the world’s approach to manufacturing, engineering, and healthcare. 
  Thriving Planet   
 We are on an unrestricted search for answers to better understand the impact of climate change. Developing a sustainable future focused on clean air and water, biodiversity conservation, and clean energy and transport. 
  Global Health   
 Modern health challenges do not discriminate. Non-communicable diseases and mental health conditions continue to increase alongside growing health inequalities. We are committed to addressing the ever-evolving landscape of global healthcare. 
  Fairer World   
 Across the world, millions of people fight for justice – from inclusive education and healthcare access, to gender equality and political conflict. We are on an unrestricted mission to address these global challenges. 
  Explore our Spotlights 
  Our Researchers | Find a researcher  
 Search by name or keyword 
  Enter researcher name 
  Research Areas | Explore our Colleges  
 Arts and Law 
  Engineering and Physical Sciences 
  Life and Environmental Sciences 
  Medicine and Health 
  Social Sciences 
  History and cultures 
  English, Drama and Creative Studies 
  Languages, Cultures, Art History and Music 
  Law 
  Philosophy, Theology and Religion 
   We explore what it means to be human – in historical and cultural contexts, within ethical and legal norms and through languages and communication.  
  Explore all Arts and Law Research      Chemical Engineering 
  Chemistry 
  Civil Engineering 
  Computer Science 
  Electronic, Electrical and Systems Engineering 
  Energy 
  Healthcare Technologies Institute 
  Institute for Gravitational Wave Astronomy 
  Mathematics 
  Mechanical Engineering 
  Metallurgy and Materials 
  Physics 
  Quantum Technology Hub 
  Railways 
   From atoms to astronomy, computers to cars and robots to robust materials, our goal is to transform our understanding of the world to make life easier, healthier and more sustainable.  
  Explore all Engineering and Physical Sciences Research      Biosciences 
  Geography, Earth and Environmental Sciences 
  Psychology 
  Sport, Exercise and Rehabilitation Sciences 
   Across the breadth of life and environmental sciences, we discover, apply and translate science to forge major advances in human and environmental health.  
  Explore all Life and Environmental Sciences Research       
     Birmingham Business School 
  Education 
  Government 
  Social Policy 
   We address the challenges facing society and the economy, from shedding light on the refugee crisis, to character education in schools, through to developing leaders in the NHS.  
  Explore all Social Sciences Research 
  PhDs 
  Institutes 
  Research News 

 Theory of Computation   
 In 'Theory of computation'   
 Theory of Computation 
  People 
  Events 
  Contact Us 

 We are one of the largest research groups in the world to focus on the logical and mathematical foundations of computer science. Much of our work uses techniques such as category theory, type theory, proof theory, topology, domain theory, and game semantics, which we apply to deep and conceptual questions in a broad range of areas.  
   
 Below are some of our current research programmes and the group members leading each activity:  
 Algorithms and complexity | Rajesh Chitnis, Anupam Das, Jakub Opršal, Sagnik Mukhopadhyay 
  Category theory | Benedikt Ahrens, Martín Escardó, Eric Finster, Dan Ghica, Paul Levy, Sean Moss, Sergey Goncharov 
  Programming languages | Dan Ghica, Mirco Giacobbe, Achim Jung, Paul Levy, Sonia Marin, Sean Moss, Vincent Rahli, Uday Reddy, Sergey Goncharov 
  Proof theory and mathematical logic | Anupam Das, Achim Jung, Paul Levy, Sonia Marin, Uday Reddy 
  Topology and domain theory | Martin Escardo, Achim Jung, Steve Vickers 
  Type theory and constructive mathematics | Benedikt Ahrens, Martín Escardó, Eric Finster, Vincent Rahli, Steve Vickers 
  Verification and model checking | Mirco Giacobbe, Vincent Rahli, Eike Ritter 

 Policy Experts Guide  
 Begin your search   
 Our impact: find out about recent advances  
 Explore our Research Spotlights   

   