  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 CANS 2024   Home 
  Call for papers 
  Register & Attend 
  Programme 
  Workshop 
  Committee 
  Venue 
   
 CANS 2024     
 Home 
  Call for papers 
  Register & Attend 
  Programme 
  Workshop 
  Committee 
  Venue 
  More | Home 
  Call for papers 
  Register & Attend 
  Programme 
  Workshop 
  Committee 
  Venue 

 Call for papers   

 About the conference    

 The International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security (CANS) is a premier forum for presenting research in the field of cryptology and network security. The conference seeks academic, industry, and government submissions on all theoretical and practical aspects of cryptology and network security. This year marks the 23rd iteration of the conference and will be held at the University of Cambridge, England.  Proceedings of this year's conference will be published by Springer LNCS  ; p  roceedings of  previous iterations of the conference   can be found online.   

 Submission guidelines    

 High quality papers on unpublished research and implementation experiences may be submitted. All papers must be original and not substantially duplicated work that has been published at, or is simultaneously submitted to, a journal or another conference or workshop. All submissions must be written in English and span no more than 20 pages in the Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format (a Springer template can be found in Overleaf), including title, abstract, and bibliography. The introduction should summarize the contributions of the paper at a level understandable by a non-expert reader and explain the context to related work.   
 Submitted papers may contain supplementary material in the form of well-marked appendices. Note that supplementary material will not be included in the proceedings. Moreover, the main paper should be intelligible without requiring the reader to consult the supplementary material.   
 Submissions must be  anonymous  (no author names, affiliations, acknowledgments, or obvious references). The conference will also consider short papers of up to eight pages in the LNCS format, excluding the bibliography (max 2 pages), for results that are not yet fully fleshed out or that simply require few pages to describe but still make a significant contribution.   
 All submissions must be processed with LaTeX2e according to the instructions given by Springer. Submitted manuscripts must be typeset in plain Springer LNCS format, in particular without changing the font size, margins or line spacing. Submissions not meeting these guidelines may be rejected without consideration of their merits.   
 Papers must be submitted via  EasyChair   . The deadline for submissions is  14 April  24 April anywhere on earth (AoE).   

 Important dates    

 Submission:       14 April AoE  24 April AoE  . Papers must be  submitted via EasyChair   .   
 Notification:      17 June   
 Camera-ready:    1 July   
 Registration:      From July     
 Conference:      24-27 September   

 Presentation requirements    

 At least one author of every accepted paper must register and pay the full registration fee (non-student) for the conference by the early registration deadline indicated by the organizers. Papers without a registered author will be removed from the sessions. Authors must present their own paper(s). Session proceedings, including all accepted papers, will be published in LNCS and will be available at the conference.   

 Topic areas    

 Access Control 
  Anonymity and Censorship Resistance 
  Applied Cryptography 
  Artificial Intelligence for Security 
  Attacks & Malicious Code 
  Biometrics 
  Block & Stream Ciphers 
  Blockchain Security and Privacy 
  Cognitive Cities Security and Privacy 
  Confidential Computing 
  Cryptographic Algorithms and Primitives 
  Cryptographic Protocols 

 Cyber Physical Security 
  Data and Application Security 
  Denial of Service Protection 
  Data and Computation Integrity 
  Edge/Fog Computing Security and Privacy 
  Embedded System Security 
  Formal Methods for Security and Privacy 
  Hash Functions 
  Identity Management and Privacy 
  IoT Security 
  Key Management 
  Location Based Services Security and Privacy 

 Malware Analysis and Detection 
  Network Security 
  On-line Social Networks Security and Privacy 
  Peer-to-Peer Security and Privacy 
  Privacy-Enhancing Technologies 
  Public Key Cryptography 
  Security and Privacy for Big Data 
  Security and Privacy in the Cloud 
  Security and Privacy of ML and AI based Systems 
  Security and Resilient solutions for Critical Infrastructures (e.g., Smart Grid, TelCo Networks, AirPorts, Ports…) 
  Security Architectures 

 Security in Content Delivery 
  Security Models 
  Secure Multi-Party Computation 
  Secure Distributed Computing 
  Security in Pervasive Systems 
  Sensor Network Security 
  Security in Crowdsourcing 
  Trust Management 
  Usable Security 
  Virtual Private Networks 
  Web Security 
  Wireless and Mobile Security 
  Zero-Knowledge Proofs 

 With the kind support and cooperation of:     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Page details   

 Page updated     
   
 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  