  
 CARDIS 2020 18.-19.11.2020 Virtual Conference    
 Home     
 Event  Call for Papers  Call for Sponsors  Program Committee  Invited Speakers  Accepted Papers  Program    
 Registration     
 Practical Information  Venue    
 All CARDIS events     

 CARDIS 2020 Proceedings are now published by Springer as part of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science volume 12609. You can get your virtual copy on the Springer Link website  . Happy reading and see you soon at CARDIS 2021  .  
 CARDIS 2020 is over. All pre-recordings and the recordings of the live sessions are now available on the CARDIS YouTube Channel  .  
 Call for Papers  
 PDF version   
 Scope  
 CARDIS has been the venue for security experts from industry and academia to exchange on security of smart cards and related applications since 1994. Smart cards play an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life through their use in banking cards, SIM cards, electronic passports, and IoT devices. It is thus naturally of utmost importance to understand their security features and to develop sound protocols and countermeasures while keeping reasonable performance. In this respect, CARDIS aims to gather security experts from industry, academia, and standardization bodies to make steps forward in the field of embedded security.  
 The 19th edition of CARDIS is organized by the Institute for IT Security  of the Universität zu Lübeck  , Germany. The conference website is accessible at https://cardis2020.its.uni-luebeck.de   
 Topics  
 The program committee is seeking original papers on the design, development, deployment evaluation, penetration testing and application of smart cards and secure embedded systems. Submissions across a broad range of the development phase are encouraged, from exploratory research and proof of-concept studies to practical applications and deployment.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Security and applications of: 
  Smart cards: identification, access control, pay TV 
  IoT devices: automotive, medical, mobile payment, mobile connected devices 
  Trusted computing: mobile TPM, Trusted Execution Environments 
  Embedded systems: operating systems, memory, virtual machines 
  Cryptographic implementations of: 
  Lightweight cryptographic algorithms 
  Post-quantum cryptographic algorithms 
  Random number generators, PUFs 
  Attacks and countermeasures: 
  Side-channel (timing, power, cache) attacks and countermeasures 
  Fault and combined attacks and countermeasures 
  Reverse engineering, (anti-)cloning, (anti-)tempering, (anti-)counterfeiting 
  Tools: 
  Automated analysis 
  Formal verification and secure design 
  Deep learning analysis 
  Paper Submission  
 Authors are invited to submit papers electronically in PDF format using the submission form available on https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cardis2020  . Submissions must be original, unpublished anonymous and not submitted to journals or other conferences with proceedings. Submissions must be written in English and should be at most 15 pages in total. Papers not meeting these guidelines risk rejection without consideration. All submissions will be blind-refereed. Submission implies the willingness of at least one of the authors to register and present the paper. The proceedings will be published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Both submissions and accepted papers must follow the LNCS default author instructions accessible on the Springer webpage: https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  .  
 Important Dates  
  
 Submission deadline: | July 3, 2020   July 14, 2020 
 Notification of acceptance: | September 4, 2020 
 Pre-proceedings paper due: | October 4, 2020 
 Conference dates: | November 18-19, 2020 
 Final version due: | December 6, 2020 
  
 All deadlines are 23:59:59 Anywhere on Earth (AoE).  
 Organization  
  
 General Chair: | Thomas Eisenbarth, Universität zu Lübeck, DE 
 Program Chairs: | Pierre-Yvan Liardet, eShard, FR 
 Nele Mentens, Leiden University, NL, and KU Leuven, BE 

 Written with enthusiasm by Thore Tiemann for Thomas Eisenbarth  . Used a lot of code from older CARDIS 2019  webpage. © 2019 - 2020 Institute for IT Security  . All rights reserverd. Powered by the HTML5 and CSS3.  
  
  