     
 Home 
  Conference | Committees 
  Venue 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Program 
  Social Events 
  Paper Submission | Submissions 
  Call for Papers 
  Registration 
  Local Information | Travel Information 
  About Italy 
  About Rome 
  Contacts 
   
 Select Page     

 Call for Papers  

 The 14th International Symposium on Algorithms and Complexity (CIAC 2025) is scheduled to take place from June 10 to June 12, 2025, at LUISS University, Rome, Italy.   
 Important Dates   
 Deadline for submissions: November 15, 2024  (AoE) – extended November 22, 2024 
  Author notification: January 31, 2025 
  Camera-ready due: February 14, 2025 
  Submission site:  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ciac2025    
 Topics   
 Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished research on algorithms and complexity. Typical areas include:   
 algorithm design and analysis 
  sequential, parallel, and distributed algorithms 
  data structures 
  computational and structural complexity 
  lower bounds and limitations of algorithms 
  randomized and approximation algorithms 
  parameterized algorithms and parameterized complexity classes 
  smoothed analysis of algorithms 
  alternatives to the worst-case analysis of algorithms (e.g., algorithms with predictions) 
  on-line computation and competitive analysis 
  streaming algorithms 
  quantum algorithms and complexity 
  algorithms in algebra, geometry, number theory and combinatorics 
  computational geometry 
  algorithmic game theory and mechanism design 
  algorithmic economics (including auctions and contests) 
  computational learning theory 
  computational biology and bioinformatics 
  algorithmic issues in communication networks 
  algorithms for discrete optimization (including convex optimization) 
  algorithm engineering 
  Paper Submission and Proceedings   
 Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or full paper with at most 15 pages, excluding the title page and the references. The title page consists of the title of the paper and the abstract. The first section of the paper should start on the next page.   
 The usage of the LNCS style file is mandatory. LNCS templates are available here: https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  . No changes to font size, page geometry, etc. are permitted. Submissions should be anonymized according to the double-blind review policy . Late submissions and submissions not in the correct format will not be considered.   
 Submissions will be through EasyChair (  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ciac2025   )   
 The paper should contain a succinct statement of the issues and their motivation, a summary of the results, a brief explanation of their significance, and a comparison to related work, accessible to non-specialists. Proofs omitted due to space constraints must be put into an appendix, to be read by the PC members at their discretion.   
 Simultaneous submission to other conferences with published proceedings or to journals is not allowed.   
 At least one author of each accepted paper will have to register for the conference. For authors who cannot present their paper in person for a significant reason, the possibility of remote presentation may be offered.   
 Double-Blind Reviewing   
 CIAC 2025 will implement a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way; in particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission.   
 The purpose of the double-blind reviewing is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgement about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. Authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would (e.g., making early drafts available on their webpage, or through pre-print dissemination websites such as arXiv).   
 When submitting a paper, please indicate Conflict of Interest (CoI) with PC members.   
 PC Submissions   
 Submissions authored or co-authored by (non-chair) members of the program committee are allowed.   
 Proceedings   
 Accepted papers will be published in the proceedings of the symposium. As in previous editions, the proceedings will be published as a volume in Springer LNCS.  
 Best Paper Award   
 Two selected papers will receive the Best Paper Award, sponsored by Springer.   
 Contact Information   
 All questions about submissions should be emailed to Loukas Georgiadis at  loukas@uoi.gr    

 All rights reserved |  EasyConferences Ltd.      

   