    
   
 IEEE CCEM 2025  
 Thirteenth IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS  
 20th - 22nd February 2025  
  Venue: Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru  

 Tweet #IEEECCEM 

 HOME 
  CALL FOR PAPERS 
  REGISTRATIONS 
  PROGRAM COMMITTEE 
  MENTORS 

  Invited Speakers  

   Shri. M.D.Ranganath,  Chairman and MD Catamaran Ventures  
  
 Chief Guest and Keynote Speaker  

   Prof. Ram Ramesh  Professor SUNY at Buffalo, NY,USA  
  
 Keynote Speaker  

   Pragya Sharma  Managing Director, Hybrid Data & AI , Accenture  
  
 Keynote Speaker  

   Prof. H. Raghav Rao  AT&T Distinguished Chair in Infrastructure Assurance and Security, University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA)  
  
 Keynote Speaker  

   Dr. Sheela Siddappa  Director, Data Science, Kyndryl  
  
 Keynote Speaker  

   Mr. Rushi Mehta  Senior Consultant,Indian Cyber Crime Coordination Center,Govt of India  
  
 Keynote Speaker  

   Mr. Venkatesh Narayanan  Principal Engineering Manager,Microsoft  
  
 Keynote Speaker  

   Mr. Ravi Trivedi  Managing Director, Digital Agriculture at The/Nudge Institute  
  
 Keynote Speaker  

   Mr. Naveen Gopalakrishna  Technical Specialist, AI Applications  
  
 Invited Speaker  

  Mr. Prabhu Stavarmath  Entrepreneur enabling SmartBharat through Bharat Pi  
  
 Invited Speaker  

 CCEM Overview  
 Conference Scope  
 The top-rated CCEM  conference series, which was introduced in 2012, is now hosting the Thirteenth (13th) IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets (CCEM)  .  
 Over the past few years, cloud computing has been a dominating and revolutionary paradigm in information technology, and it is starting to have an impact on a wide range of sectors, including government, finance, telecommunications, education, retail, energy and utilities, and transportation. The research in cloud computing has become quite active and covers a wide range of topics, such as networking, storage, security, virtualization, efficient cloud architectures, enormous multi-tenancy, cloud application and service design, and cloud service administration. With AI algorithms, evaluating massive amounts of data to create content specifically for target audiences, content production has become more dynamic and focused.  
 Cloud computing continues to remain the future with studies suggesting more than 50% of all information technology will transition to a new paradigm within the next five to ten years. AI in the media and entertainment industry has seen a rise in innovation in this area too. AI has become increasingly important in gaming, podcasts, content suggestions, sentiment analysis, speech recognition, book publishing, film production, and marketing. This transformation has great implications for emerging markets which have the potential to leapfrog mature markets in their adoption of cloud computing, combine cloud computing and mobile technologies, AI, Gen AI & Meta AI etc. to introduce unique services that can transform the lives of billions, drive a much larger scale of adoption and challenge existing price points, while presenting unique challenges in areas such as security and user interfaces to Industry 4.0.  
 The goal  
 This research driven innovation conference has established itself as an unique conference that combines top notch peer-reviewed research papers (acceptance rate less than 10%), invited talks from renowned industry and government leaders, posters and demos showcasing latest innovations, a startup showcase highlighting the vibrant and fast growing business ecosystem around cloud, tutorials on cutting edge topics, and a doctoral symposium featuring some of the deep research topics being pursued by academic leaders.  
 Conference Format  
 The conference will be a Three-day event featuring invited talks, peer reviewed paper presentations, tutorials, technology showcase followed by panel discussion.  

 Topics of Interest  
 We invite both paper and demo submissions on relevant topics, including but not limited to:  
 Internet of Things (IOT) enabled by Cloud, Big Data & AI 
  Big Data Analytics & AI-driven predictive computing 
  Intersection of Cloud with Cognitive Computing and AI 
  Conversational AI & Multimodal Interactions 
  AI Infused Automation 
  AI and Media Content Generation 
  Social & Mobile Computing Advances Leveraging the Cloud computing and AI 
  Legal Aspects & Service Level Agreements in Cloud Computing & AI 
  Design of Cloud Computing services, especially for emerging markets – infrastructure, platform, database, software, network, storage, e-governance, and business process 
  Utilizing/enhancing the Cloud for Big data & Predictive analytics 
  Deep Learning in Cloud Environments 
  Advances in virtualization of hardware & software services, Cloud Networking 
  Security, privacy, governance, and compliance management in cloud computing 
  DevOps, Monitoring, management, & maintenance in Cloud Computing environments 
  Performance optimization in Hybrid Cloud Environments 
  Cloud Computing Solutions for different Industries & verticals 

 Important Dates - CCEM 2025  
 10th February 2025  
 Last date for All Papers submission   
  10th March 2025  
 Notification of Acceptance Date   
  20th March 2025  
 Early bird Registration Deadline   
  17th April 2025  
 Camera Ready Submission Due Date   
  24th – 26th April 2025  
 IEEE CCEM Main Conference   

 CCEM 2025  
 Program schedule will be announce soon!  
 Program content goes here   

 Invited Speakers  
 Speakers List Coming Soon!!  

 2019 IEEE CCEM Award Winners 
 2019 Event Gallery 

 IEEE CCEM 2022 Pre Conference Workshop Award winners  
  
  1. CCEM 2022 - Best Proposal - Early Stage Research Paper Submissions  
   
 Aiswarya Sriram, Advithi Nair, Alka Simon, Subramaniam Kalambur and Dinkar Sitaram  
  
  2. CCEM 2022 - Best Proposal - TechnoBizPlan Showcase Submission  
 Roshan Wathore, Sijoy Joseph and A Vaidyanathan  
  
  3. CCEM 2022 - Best Student Project Showcase  
 Thrivikraman V, Animesh N D and Taran Singhania  

 CCEM 2019 Gallery  

  Previous    Next     

 IEEE CCEM 2025 
 CCEM 2025 Call for Submissions 
 Call for Technical Research Papers 
 Call for Techno-Business Plans Showcase 
 Call for Student Project Showcase 
 2023 IEEE CCEM 
 List of previous events 

 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS  
 IEEE CCEM Conference-2025  
 Venue: Amrita University, Mysore  
 Call for Technical Research Papers, Student Project Showcase & TechnoBizPlan Showcase Proposals, and Industry Advancement Demos  

 Overview  
 The top-rated CCEM conference series, which was introduced in 2012, is now hosting the Thirteenth (13th) IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets (CCEM). Over the past few years, cloud computing has been a dominating and revolutionary paradigm in information technology, and it is starting to have an impact on a wide range of sectors, including government, finance, telecommunications, education, retail, energy and utilities, and transportation. The research in cloud computing has become quite active and covers a wide range of topics, such as networking, storage, security, virtualization, efficient cloud architectures, enormous multi-tenancy, cloud application and service design, and cloud service administration. With AI algorithms, evaluating massive amounts of data to create content specifically for target audiences, content production has become more dynamic and focused.  
 Cloud computing continues to remain the future with studies suggesting more than 50% of all information technology will transition to a new paradigm within the next five to ten years. AI in the media and entertainment industry has seen a rise in innovation in this area too. AI has become increasingly important in gaming, podcasts, content suggestions, sentiment analysis, speech recognition, book publishing, film production, and marketing. This transformation has great implications for emerging markets which have the potential to leapfrog mature markets in their adoption of cloud computing, combine cloud computing and mobile technologies, AI, Gen AI & Meta AI etc. to introduce unique services that can transform the lives of billions, drive a much larger scale of adoption and challenge existing price points, while presenting unique challenges in areas such as security and user interfaces to Industry 4.0.  
 Certificates and cash awards will be given for the three most innovative proposals submitted across these three areas viz., (1) Research-paper (2) Student- Project Showcase and Technobiz-plan Showcase.  
 Topics of Interest in this Conference include Technologies & applications with Cloud/Big Data/AI/Deep Learning/IoT, both for & from Emerging Markets:  
 Internet of Things (IOT) enabled by Cloud, Big Data & AI 
  Big Data Analytics & AI-driven predictive computing 
  Intersection of Cloud with Cognitive Computing and AI 
  Conversational AI & Multimodal Interactions 
  AI Infused Automation 
  AI and Media Content Generation 
  Social & Mobile Computing Advances Leveraging the Cloud computing and AI 
  Legal Aspects & Service Level Agreements in Cloud Computing & AI 
  Design of Cloud Computing services, especially for emerging markets – infrastructure, platform, database, software, network, storage, e-governance, and business process 
  Utilizing/enhancing the Cloud for Big data & Predictive analytics 
  Deep Learning in Cloud Environments 
  Advances in virtualization of hardware & software services, Cloud Networking 
  Security, privacy, governance, and compliance management in cloud computing 
  DevOps, Monitoring, management, & maintenance in Cloud Computing environments 
  Performance optimization in Hybrid Cloud Environments 
  Cloud Computing Solutions for different Industries & verticals 
  Additionally, the areas of path-breaking innovative application interest include:  
 Affordable Healthcare: Eco-systems, Devices Management, e-Health Data e-Health Networks. 
  Swachha Bharat: Clean & Green Environments & Spaces. 
  Leveraging IndiaStack & digital payment solutions. 
  Smart cities - Intelligent management of Resources, Healthcare, Security Amenities, Education Infrastructure Transportation, Energy & Civil services Management. 
  Affordable Security and Privacy of data in the cloud, sensor networks and IoT. 
  Intelligent Automation of IT Systems & Processes. 
  Template for IEEE CCEM Research Papers, TechnoBiz Plans & Proposals (Mandatory Sections)  
  
 IEEE CCEM Research Papers  
  8 Pages Max | IEEE CCEM Student Project Showcase Proposals  
  3 Pages Max | IEEE CCEM TechnoBizPlan Showcase Proposals  
  3 Page Max 
 Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids & Company/College Name & URL | Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids & Company/College Name & URL | Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids & Company/College Name & URL 
 Abstract: 100 words / Two Paragraphs | Synopsis – 100 Words / Two Paragraphs | Abstract -100 Words / Two Paragraphs 
 Introduction | Research Claims | What is in scope & what is not in scope 
 Related Work | Related Work | Related Work 
 Theoretical Framework | Theoretical Framework | Demo Overview 
 Architecture, Design & Modeling | Architecture, Design & Modeling | Architecture & Business modeling 
 Experimentations & Data Analysis with discussions | Experimentations & Data Analysis with discussions | Experimentations & Market Data Analysis with discussions 
 Conclusions & Validation of Claims | Conclusions & Validation of Claims | Conclusions & Validation of Claims 
 References cited | References cited | References cited 
  
  Call for Technical Research Papers:  
 We invite Research papers submissions on all topics relevant to Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets as listed above. Papers should typically include a clear description of the problem being addressed overview of and comparison to related work, the theoretical framework/model proposed by the authors experimentation details and the experimental results, and conclusions. Papers will be reviewed by an international program committee which will ensure that only high-quality papers with originality and novelty are accepted for presentation in the conference.  
 The Papers can be either A full research paper | of maximum 8 pages with complete and substantial research outcomes. 
  A short research paper | of 5 pages that is complete but discussing a limited contribution. 
  The short paper track also provides authors to present good engineering work or negative results that will otherwise not qualify to meet the stringent guidelines of a full research paper.  
 IEEE CCEM has adopted a double-blind reviewing process. Author names and affiliations should not appear in the paper. Authors should make a reasonable effort not to reveal their identities through information contained in the paper; authors’ prior work should be referred to in the third person. Submissions that violate these requirements will be rejected without review.    
 Please submit your Technical Research Papers throgh Microsoft CMT for CCEM 2025 Submit    
 Please follow the paper/proposal template mandatorily as mentioned in the above template  . The selected full and short research papers will be published as part of the conference proceedings which can be indexed through IEEE Xplore.  The conference will publicly announce the following awards.  
 Awards in this category  
 IEEE TCSVC - The Best Student Research Paper - Winner. 
  The Best Student Research Paper - Runner Up. 

  Call for TechnoBizPlan Showcase Proposals:  
 The TechnoBizPlan-Showcase session at CCEM enables start-up companies established companies professionals,Students (from Management/Engineering/Non-Engineering Schools or Colleges), and faculties to demonstrate their cutting-edge capabilities and ideas in the field of cloud computing which can be incubated into product and/or service offerings. The CCEM Conference has showcased innovative technologies in previous years as well and these sessions have been very interactive with the conference audience that has also included reputed venture capitalists. TechnoBizPlan proposals should typically include:  
 An overview of the technology innovations being leveraged 
  Top use cases for the innovation & product/service offerings, 
  Comparison to competing technologies and alternatives, market analysis, financials, risk assessment & mitigation 
  link to a three minute or less uploaded YouTube video demo. 
  Please follow the paper/proposal template mandatorily as given in the website. The top two submissions will have an opportunity to present an elevator pitch before the conference participants. The reviewed and accepted proposals will get an opportunity to present their ideas to the Review Committee which would be drawn from Academia Industry and Venture Capitalists. The best pitch will win the "13th IEEE CCEM 2025 TechnoBizPlan Competition Award". A short but substantial 3 page write-up as per template above of the accepted TechnoBiz plans will be published to be part of the "13th IEEE CCEM 2025 Conference Proceedings-B", and will be published on our website.  
 Awards in this category  
 The Best TechnoBiz Showcase Proposal - Winner. 
  The Best TechnoBiz Showcase Proposal - Runner Up. 

 Please submit your Technical Research Papers throgh Microsoft CMT for CCEM 2025 Submit    Call for Student Project Showcase Proposals:  
 The Student-Project-Showcase offers an opportunity for under-graduate and graduate students to do more constructive academic projects to analyze how cloud computing can be leveraged to assuage problems of emerging markets. Reviewed and accepted proposals will have a dedicated space for presentations and demonstrations. The CCEM Conference has showcased innovative technologies implemented by students in their projects in previous years as well and these sessions have been very interactive with the conference audience. The submission paper should have at least one Professor/Mentor from their college/university, who would have guided them, and should typically include the following:  
 An overview of the technology innovations being leveraged, 
  Top use cases for the innovations 
  Comparison to competing technologies and alternatives, architecture design, and implementation challenges 
  URL of maximum three minutes YouTube video 
  The submission paper should be maximum three pages ( using IEEE Manuscript Templates  , A4 size and English) with: One line Title (capturing the essence of the project) 
  Student Author names, affiliations and email ids 
  Professor/Mentor name, affiliations and email ids 
  Following sections should be included: 
  Abstract: 100 words / Two Paragraphs 
  Introduction and related work: comparing competing technologies and problem statements 
  Solution approach: technology Innovation and use-case scenario 
  Implementation details 
  Results 
  References 
  URL of maximum three minutes YouTube video presenting the project 
  Please submit your Technical Research Papers throgh Microsoft CMT for CCEM 2025 Submit    
 Awards in this category  
 The Best Student Project Showcase Proposal - Winner. 
  The Best Student Project Showcase Proposal - Runner Up. 

 Mentors of IEEE CCEM 2025:  
 Dr. T. S. Mohan,  Pragyan Datalabs Bengaluru  
  Dr. Gopal Pingali,  Accenture  
  Prof. D. Janakiram,  Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT)  
  Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkiteswaran,  Kyndryl India  
  Raj Tumuluri,  OpenStream, USA  
  Dr. Sanjay Chitnis,  RV University  
  Dr. K.V. Subramaniam,  AMD  
  Rambabu Parvatina,  IBM, Singapore  
  Dr. M Subramanya Sarma,  Mindtree  
  Sridhar Chitaraju,  Kyndryl  
  Dr.Mydhili K Nair,  Professor, MSRIT  
  Dr Sekhar Babu,  Amrita University  
  Balu Masti,  Co-Founder HUM Consulting Services & Ex Intel  
  Dr. Sridhar Domnal,  Cloud Consultant at Accenture  
  Gopalakrishnan Balasubramanian,  Program Director, Kyndryl  
  Dr. Sougata Mukherjea,  IIT Delhi  
  Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy,  B. M. S. College of Engineering  
  Dr. Peter,  Program Director, Reliance Jio  
  Dr. Abhishek Kumar,  Senior Member IEEE ,IEEE Brand Ambassador  
  Prof. P Radha Krishna,  National Institute of Technology, Warangal  
  Dr.-Ing. habil. Josef Spillner,  ZHAW School of Engineering Switzerland  
  Prof. Takayuki Kushida,  School of Computer Science, Tokyo University of Technology, Japan  
  Dr. Manish Gupta,  Kyndryl  

  REGISTRATIONS  
 Early bird registrations until 20th January 2025  
 Atlest one Author of selected paper need to register 

 CCEM 2025 Organizing Committee  

 CCEM 2025 Steering Committee  
 Dr. Gopal Pingali, | MD & Global Hybrid Cloud Leader, Accenture 
  Dr. T.S. Mohan, | Pragyan Datalabs 
  Raj Tumuluri, | Openstream, USA 
    
 CCEM 2025 General Chairs  
 Dr. K V Subramaniam, | AMD 
  Prof. Shekar Babu, | Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru. 
  Prof. H. Raghav Rao, | AT&T Distinguished Chair in Infrastructure Assurance and Security, University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA) 
  Prof. Ram Ramesh | Professor, SUNY at Buffalo, NY,USA 
    
 Technical Program Committee Chairs  
 Dr. Maja Vuković, | IBM Fellow,New York US 
  Dr. Josef Spillner, | Zhaw School of Engineering, Switzerland 
  Dr. Takayuki Kushida, | School of Computer Science, Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
  Dr. Priya Govindarajan, | Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 

 Industry Liaison Chair  
 Sri Chandra, | IEEE 
    
 Academic Liaison Chairs  
 Dr. Pethuru Raj, | RJIL 
  Sudhakar Nagaraja, | Kyndryl 
    
 TechnoBizplan showcase Chair  
 Prof. Shekar Babu, | Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
  Dr. Mahesh R | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 

 Student Project Showcase Chairs  
 Dr.Mydhili Nair, | Professor, RV University, Bengaluru. 
  Mr. Akshay S | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
  Dr. Subrahmanya Sarma, | Infosys. 
  Prof Sudarshan, | PES South Campus 
    
 Tutorials Chairs  
 Dr. K V Subramaniam, | AMD 
    
 Publications Chair  
 Dr. Shridhar Domanal 
  Dr. N. Shobarani | Associate Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
  Dr. Narendran S M | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 

 Keynote Speaker Chair  
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis | RV University 
  Prof. Raghu Rao 
    
 Program Management Committee  
 Dr. Manohar N | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
  Arunraj Gopalsamy, | Associate Director, Kyndryl 
  Vijayalakshmi Govindaraj, | Kyndryl 
  Prabha Sasikanth, | Kyndryl 
    
 IEEE Liaison Chairs  
 Dr. Abhishek Appaji, | IEEE 

 Finance Chair  
 Ravi Shankar C | Kyndryl 
  Mr. Sudharshan Duth P | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
    
 Media and Creative Design  
 Dr. Ramya K Prasad | Associate Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
  Mr. Suraj R Shankar | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
  Madhumita Phukan, | Tech Mahindra 
  Rajakumar Munusamy, | Concentrix 
    
 Venue & Accommodation Committee  
 Mr. Uday M, Assistant Professor | Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 

 Technical Program Committee  
 Dr. Satish Narayana Srirama, | PhD School of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Hyderabad,India. 
  Dr. G. R. Gangadharan, | M.S., Ph.D. Senior Member IEEE & ACM Associate Professor, Dept. of Computer Applications, National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli, India 
  Dr. Ernesto DamianiDirector, | Khalifa University Center for Cyber Physical Systems (C2PS), Professor, Director of Information Security Center, Electrical and Computer Engineering & EBTIC 
  Dr. Madhu Govindaraju, | Professor, Department of Computer Science Vice Provost - International Education and Global Affairs (IEGA) Binghamton University, SUNY, NY 
  Dr. Matthew Forshaw, | Senior Lecturer in Data Science and National Skills Lead to The Alan Turing Institute, School of Computing Urban Sciences Building, Newcastle University, UK 
  Dr. Yogesh Simmhan, | Associate Professor, Department of Computational and Data Sciences Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru. 
  Dr. Byungchul Tak, | PhD Associate Dean, College of IT, Kyungpook National University, Daegu, Korea 
  Dr. J. Lakshmi, | Chief Research Scientist, Cloud Systems Lab Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru. 
  Dr. Josef Spillner, | Zhaw School of Engineering, Switzerland 
  Dr. Tak Kushida, | Director of Cloud and Distributed Systems Lab Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
  Dr. Deepak P Chandrashekar, | Soroco India Pvt. Ltd, Bengaluru 
  Dr. Shridhar Domanal, | Accenture 
  Dr. Pravati Swain, | Faculty of Computer Science, NIT Goa, India 
  Dr. Anandha Gopalan, | Principal Teaching Fellow, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, UK 
  Dr. Nandini Sidnal, | Faculty of Computer Science, Melbourne Institute of Technology, Sydney, Australia 
  Dr. G. Rammohan Reddy, | Professor at NIT Surathkal 
  Mohan Parthasarathy, | Distinguished Technologist, HPE 
  Dr Pankaj Saha, | Senior Member of Technical Staff in Oracle, USA. 
  Dr Claudio Aragna, | University of Milan 
  Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy, | Assistant Professor, B. M. S. College of Engineering, Bengaluru. 
  Prakash Raghavendra, | Fellow at AMD, Bengalurus 
  Dr. Dinkar Sitaram, | Professor, Head Center for Cloud Computing and Big Data, PES University, Bengaluru. 
    
 Academic liaison committee  
 Dr. Juliet Rozario, | Professor at Nehru Arts and Science College, Coimbatore. 
  Mr. Adwitiya Mukhopadhyay, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
  Dr. Savitha Murthy, | Post Doctoral Researcher, IISc 
  Dr. Shyam Murthy, | Post Doctoral Researcher, IISc 
  Dr. Chandrajit, | Associate Professor, MIT Mysuru 
  Dr. Balakrishnan R, | Assistant Professor, SASTRA Deemed University 
  Dr. Rajesh Kumar N, | Assistant Professor, SASTRA Deemed University 
  Mr. Susheel Suresh, | Applied Scientist, Microsoft Copilot AI 
  Mr. Munniyandi Perumal, | Associate Director, Kyndryl 
  Dr. Kannan M, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
  Dr. Pallavi Joshi, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
  Prafullata Auradkar, | Associate Professor, PES University 
  Mr. Santhosh kumar Bethi, | Senior software engineer , T-mobile 
  Dr. Ghanshyam Singh, | Assistant Professor , Poornima College of Engineering Jaipur 
  Dr. Krishnachalitha.K.C, | Assistant Professor, Alliance College of Engineering & Design (ACED), Alliance University, Bangalore. 
  Dr. Sheela.K, | Assistant Professor , St. Anne's Arts and Science College 

 13th IEEE CCEM - 2025 CONFERENCE SCHEDULE  
 8.00 AM to 05.30 PM IST  

  To be announced shortly!   

 13th IEEE CCEM - 2025 CONFERENCE SCHEDULE  

  To be announced shortly!   

 13th IEEE CCEM - 2025 CONFERENCE SCHEDULE  

  To be announced shortly!   

 Mentors  

  Dr. Gopal Pingali  
 MD & Global Hybrid Cloud Leader, Accenture | IEEE Fellow  
 Dr. Gopal Pingali is an internationally renowned technology innovation, and transformation executive with extensive experience in driving digital transformation across multiple industries leveraging Cloud, AI, and Automation technologies. Gopal is currently CEO and Founder of cYAAG, a Cloud and AI startup whose vision is to make everyone a social entrepreneur to create a sustainable world  
 Gopal worked extensively in the US and India and built several global technical organizations with an entrepreneurial spirit. He was previously Global Vice President at IBM for Cloud Transformation and Global Technology Services Labs (GTS Labs). Prior to that he was a Research Leader at the IBM TJ Watson Research Center and at AT&T Bell Labs. He obtained his Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Michigan.  
 Gopal pioneered innovations in many areas including Multicloud Management Cognitive Automation, Continuous Security, Mobile Web, Electronic Chronicles Real-time Video Tracking Systems, Smart Interactive Spaces, Visual Information Systems for Sports, Autonomous Vehicles, and Nanotechnology. His current passion is to build the world’s leading digital platform and the most vibrant global community for sustainable development  
 More ...   

  Dr. T.S. Mohan  
 Director & Founder at Pragyan Datalabs  
 Dr. Mohan holds a Masters and PhD in computer science from the Indian Institute of Science Bangalore where he worked as a faculty-scientist for about a decade before moving into the industry. He was a young visiting scientist in the Lab for Computer Science, MIT in 1988 and a visiting scientist in NEC Research Institute Princeton in the summer of 1994. After leaving IISc, he worked for a number of companies including HP. He pursued his entrepreneurial interests in Bangalore in advanced enterprise software systems for about 7 years before joining Infosys. After a five year stint at Infosys, Dr Mohan founded Pragyan Datalabs focused on BigData algorithms and Analytics in Bengaluru.  
 More ...   

  Prof. D.Janakiram  
 Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT)  
 Dharanipragada Janakiram did his Ph.D from IIT Delhi and is currently a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras, India, where he heads and coordinates the research activities of the Distributed and Object Systems Lab.  
 More ...   

  Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkateswaran, CTO - Kyndryl India  
 He the CTO of Kyndryl India and a Kyndryl Distinguished Engineer. He also leads Kyndryl's Cloud Centre of Excellence, a world-wide team of client-facing cloud solution architects. Kyndryl is a $19B IBM spin-off. In his previous IBM roles, He was an engineering unit head and a Linux technologist, leading teams working on embedded systems, telecom, consumer electronics, health care, and networking. He authored a best selling book on Linux device drivers. He is currently the General Chair of IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets.  
 More ...   

  Raj Tumuluri  
 CEO, Openstream  
 Raj Tumuluri is the principal of Openstream USA and is a coauthor of several multimodal interaction standards at the worldwide web consortium (w3c) and his articles & book chapters were published in ACM & other reputed publications. His current area of research focuses on improving user experience leveraging context in multimodal interaction using machine learning.  
 More ...   

  Dr. Sanjay Chitnis, Dean, Computer Science at RV University  
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis's areas of interest are Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Innovation and Entrepreneurship. He is a passionate teacher, with 33 years of all-round leadership level experience in IT industry as well as academics and research. During his career in industry, he managed projects such as Messaging Subsystem of IRIDIUM, the satellite based communication system in Motorola. Later at LG Soft India, he was responsible for the development of a new generation web Based platform for LG Smart devices. After this, he worked as Principal at the CMR Institute of technology, Bangalore.  
 More ...   

  Dr. K.V.Subramaniam, AMD  
 Dr. K V Subramaniam has over 15 years of experience in both the software and semiconductor industries. He has worked in the Industry in a wide variety of technologies ranging from Performance Modeling of processors to providing architectural vision for scale out for an enterprise application. He has had the fortune of working with some very talented engineers and learning from them. He has worked across geographical boundaries working as an engineer and when managing teams.  
  He is currently working at the server performance group at AMD and teaching at PES University.  
 More ...   

  Dr.-Ing. habil. Josef Spillner  
 Senior Lecturer & Panagiotis Gkikopoulos, Research Assistant, ZHAW School of Engineering, Switzerland  
 Dr. Josef Spillner is Theme Lead for Distributed Application Computing Paradigms and Service Prototyping and Fellowship holder of the digitalisation initiative of the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. His teaching schedule is focused on Big Data Computing, Cloud Native Computing and Serverless Computing. He conducts scientific research and applied innovation transfer in the same areas.  
 More ...   

  Manthripragada Subrahmanya Sarma  
 Principal Consultant, Mindtree  
 Dr. Subrahmanya Sarma (Subbu)is a Principal Consultant and (Certified Project Management Professional) with 19 years of experience in Software development. Subbu is having expertise in various domains covering Machine Learning, Identity & Access Management Identity Federation, PKI and Cryptography. Subbu has 10 years of project and people management experience and one year of presales experience of proposing IDAM, IGA and PAM solutions to various customers across the globe.  
 More ...   

  Sridhar Chitraju (CSri)  
 Program Director, Kyndryl  
 Sridhar Chitraju is a Program Director at Kyndryl. Prior to his current position at Kyndryl he has managed a global team of architects and developers for an IBM’s flagship cloud offering - IBM Cloud Managed Services. He has worked with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) for more than a decade, before joining IBM in 2007. At TCS, he has worked in diverse areas - Global Delivery Strategy, managing Large Client Engagements, leading Practice Areas/Competencies, Delivery Center Program Management Office Strategic Planning for North America Sales Operations and handling of multi-million dollar full software life-cycle Application Development, Offering/Product development Maintenance and Support projects  
 Sridhar obtained his master’s degree from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay and he also did an Executive Management Program from the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Bangalore. His passions include building high performance teams and enabling cloud based innovations that help in transforming the businesses worldwide and societies we live in.  
 More ...   

  Dr. Mydhili K Nair  
 Professor, RV University  
 Dr.Mydhili K Nair is currently working as a Professor at RV University. She has a mixed bag of 8 years Industrial Experience and 14+ years of Academic Experience. In the IT Industry she has adorned various roles ranging from Technical Lead to Project Manager in different companies such as Wipro, Hexaware, Asset Corporate Education Partner to IBM and Mahendra Comviva. Her research interest includes Distributed Computing and Data Science. She has won the prestigious IBM Faculty Award in the year 2011 for her collaborative research association with IBM. She is also in the editorial panel of referred journals & has been a member of the organizing committee, session chair for many annual symposiums, conferences, Women In Engineering (WiE) forums such as Grace Hopper Conference, IEEE ANTS WiE track etc. She is also the faculty mentor for Google Developer Student Club of MSRIT. She & her students have won many project competitions & best paper awards at State & National level, including Smart India Hackathon for two successive years (2018 and 2019). She is passionate about teaching and mentoring student projects, some of which have actual end-users. Noteworthy among them is a suite of three products that have been developed for the blind students under her mentorship, which is being successfully incorporated into the curriculum of a blind school in Yelahanka, Bangalore.  
 More ...   

  Dr. Sekhar Babu,  
 Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru Campus  
 Dr. Shekar Babu is the Founding Head of AMRITA School of Business, Bangalore. He started AMRITA School of Business, Bangalore in 2007 in collaboration with SUNY, Buffalo, NY, USA. Mr. Shekar worked as Director Hewlett-Packard Co., Palo Alto, CA, USA for 11 years and 5 years as a Management Consultant at Price Waterhouse, Los Angeles, CA, USA. Mr. Shekar Babu is also an advisor and on board for a few start-up companies in India. Mr. Shekar Babu is also the Principal Investigator (PI) in developing and implementing CSR Projects since 2006. The 5 CSR projects termed as “Village Resource Centers (VRCs)” were implemented in 5 remote locations of Tamil Nadu and Kerala, in collaboration with Microsoft, HP, CTS, CISCO and ISRO. The projects were focused on Education, Healthcare and Agriculture. The results of these projects were presented in a paper “Enabling Rural Transformation through VRCs” at the International Conference “LifeSkills 2010” which was specifically appreciated by then President of India Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and Dr. P.V. Indiresan.  
 More ...   

  Balu Masti  
 Independant Advisor & Ex Intel  
 IoT Evangelist, Entrepreneur Startup Mentor, Startup Co-Founder. A Seasoned Software Professional with deep expertise in building scalable software solutions to solve a whole gamut of business problems ranging from software solutions for IOT / low level devices to enterprise platforms. In-depth experience building product and technology consulting business across multiple geographies including India and USA  
 More ...   

  Sougata Mukherjea  
 Program Director, Kyndryl  
 Sougata Mukherjea is currently Professior of Practice, IIT Delhi. Previously he was the Leader, CTO Center of Excellence at Kyndryl. He has a PhD in Computer Science from Georgia Institute of Technology and was an Adjunct Faculty – Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi. He has Over 15 years research and development experience in IBM, BEA, Inktomi and NEC Research. His area of expertise include Analytics, Visualization, AI, Mobile and Cloud. He has won several awards (within IBM and external) and has numerous projects with technical and business impact to IBM customers, products and services. He is an IBM Master Inventor with many US patents and has multiple research publications in reputed conferences and journals (Citation Count > 3000).  
 More ...   

  Gopalakrishnan Balasubramanian  
 Program Director, Kyndryl  
 Proven leadership credentials with 20 + years of experience, across SDLC phases. Highly experienced in instilling & sustaining a high-performance culture, across teams & individuals. First-class experience in product release aspects, agile development & large-sized team handling. Managed & delivered 40-odd releases overall  
 More ...   

  Dr. Sridhar Domnal  
 Cloud Consultant at Accenture  
 Dr. Shridhar G. D., is an experienced Postdoctoral Researcher / Cloud Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in industry, academia and strong research professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) focused on Cloud and Distributed Computing from National Institute of Technology, Surathkal, Karnataka. He did his Postdoc at University of Surrey, UK on the project entitled "Cloud Assisted Real-time Methods for Autonomy (CARMA)” and mainly involved in building micro-services using application layer protocols on different cloud platforms (Amazon, Azure, etc.) which offer mobile edge computing (using serverless computing) capabilities for connected autonomous cars. Currently, he works on diversified platforms who wish to start / migrate their journey to Cloud environment and also focusses on building new capabilities which can be hosted on different public cloud platforms. In parallel, he is active with his research on IoT, Blockchain and other emerging technologies and he has published many conference and journal papers in reputed forums like IEEE, Elsevier and Springer. As a passion he collaborates with many reputed colleges to help and boost the student community by imparting his knowledge through Guest Lectures, Webinars, etc. He is passionate about travelling, cooking and cycling among other varied interests.  
 More ...   

  Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy  
 B. M. S. College of Engineering, Bengaluru  
 Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy is serving as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering at B. M. S. College of Engineering, Basavanagudi, Bengaluru since January 2019. Previously he served at the Bengaluru campus of Amrita University. Dr. Rajath obtained his B. E. from R. V. College of Engineering, Bengaluru and did his Ph.D. from the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru under the guidance of Prof. Bharadwaj Amrutur. He was a visiting researcher at KTH Stockholm and a post-doctoral researcher at the Pennsylvania State University. His interests include VLSI Circuits and Systems and likes to pursue India studies in his leisure  
 More ...   

  Dr. Peter  
 Program Director, Reliance Jio  
 Working as the chief architect and vice-president in the Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) division of Reliance Jio Platforms Ltd. Bangalore. My previous stints are in IBM global Cloud center of Excellence (CoE), Wipro consulting services (WCS), and Robert Bosch Corporate Research (CR). In total, I have gained more than 20 years of IT industry experience and 8 years of research experience. Finished the CSIR-sponsored PhD degree at Anna University, Chennai and continued with the UGC-sponsored postdoctoral research in the Department of Computer Science and Automation, Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore. Thereafter, I was granted a couple of international research fellowships (JSPS and JST) to work as a research scientist for 3.5 years in two leading Japanese universities. Published more than 40 research papers in peer-reviewed journals such as IEEE, ACM, Springer-Verlag Inderscience, etc. Have authored and edited 30 books thus far and contributed 35 book chapters thus far for various technology books edited by international professors  
 Focusing on some of the emerging technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Streaming Analytics, Blockchain Digital Twins, Cloud-native computing, Edge AI, Serverless Computing, Microservices architecture (MSA), Event-driven Architecture (EDA), etc. More details can be found at https://sweetypeterdarren.wixsite.com/pethuru-raj-books. Maintain an IT Information Portal at http://peterindia.net/Digital.html  and The GitHub Page   
 More ...   

  Dr. Abhishek Kumar  
 Senior Member IEEE ,IEEE Brand Ambassador  
 Abhishek Kumar has a Doctorate in computer science from University of Madras and done M.tech in Computer Sci. & Engineering from Government engineering college Ajmer, Rajasthan Technical University, Kota India. He has total Academic teaching experience of more than 8 years with more than 80 publications in reputed, peer reviewed National and International Journals, books & Conferences. His research area includes- Artificial intelligence, Image processing, Computer Vision, Data Mining, Machine Learning. He has been Session chair and keynote Speaker of many International conferences webinars in India and Abroad. He has been the reviewer for IEEE and Inderscience Journal. He has authored/Co-Authored 6 books published internationally and edited 16 books (Published & ongoing with Elsevier, Wiley, IGI GLOBAL Springer Apple Academic Press, De-Grueter and CRC etc. He has been member of various National and International professional societies in the field of engineering & research like Senior Member of IEEE , IAENG (International Association of Engineers), Associate Member of IRED (Institute of Research Engineers and Doctors), He has got Sir CV Raman National award for 2018 in young researcher and faculty Category from IJRP Group.He is Editor of Special issue in the Journal Computer materials and continua [SCI and SCOPUS.IF- 4.98] and Intelligent Automation and Soft Computing [SCI, SCOPUS, IF-1.276] Cognitive Neurodynamics, Springer [SCI, SCOPUS, IF-3.925]  
 More ...   

  Prof. Takayuki Kushida  
 Graduate School of Bionics, Computer Science and Media Science Tokyo University of Technology  
 Takayuki Kushida is professor and leads Cloud and Distributed Systems Laboratory in Tokyo University of Technology. Before he joined the university, he was in IBM Research, Tokyo Research Laboratory as a senior research staff and pursued many research projects in distributed computing technology. He was also the technical staff of IBM Research HQ in NY, U.S.A. and worked on providing the research technical strategy for worldwide research laboratories. He was also a principal cloud solution architect in IBM Global Technology Services, Bangalore, India as an international assignment and supported to make many cloud technical solutions. In the academic community, he was a director for IPSJ (Information Processing Society of Japan) to execute the strategy and operation, and editor in chief for IPSJ Journal. He is IPSJ Fellow for his research contributions to distributed systems and cloud.  
 More ...   

  Dr. P. Rambabu, IBM, Singapore  
 IBM Distinguished Engineer, Architecture Guild Leader Cloud Hub (East) at IBM  
 Rambabu Parvatina (Ram) is an IBM Distinguished Engineer - one of the highest company’s technical honors. Ram is a recognized technical leader for his deep technical expertise in cloud computing, leadership and innovation. Ram has played a lead role in solutioning and winning high-value hybrid cloud engagements that made a huge business impact. He built the Hybrid Cloud Orchestration and Automation practice in Cloud Center of Excellence, a global team that engages with hundreds of clients every year. Ram is currently the Chief Technologist for Cloud Content Factory that drives building and deploying of Cloud Automation solutions for IBM clients. He wears another hat as Cloud Solutioning leader in Service Integration Hub, IBM Singapore and is responsible for reviewing and guiding of hybrid cloud solutions in AP & MEA regions. Ram excels in creating first-of-a-kind solutions, generating reusable assets from them, and aligning them with reference architectures.  
 More ...   

 Patronship and Participation  
 As a Patron, you will be showing your support for advancing cloud computing technology and helping to address the unique challenges and opportunities of cloud computing in emerging markets. You have the opportunity to enjoy extraordinary visibility with our conference audience, build powerful relationships and benchmark your company strategy against key industry players within India and internationally.  
 Patrons will be prominently recognized both at the events (workshop and main conference) and on the CCEM website.   
 CCEM 2022 provides a limited number of Patronship opportunities as outlined in the table below. Interested Patrons should contact the Industry Liaisons Chair for the conference – Sri Chandra at sri.chandra@ieee.org   

 Patronship Type | Number of Opportunities | Number of Complimentary Full Conference registrations | Company Logo placed on conference web site with link | Prominent signage identifying company as a Patron at the appropriate level | Exhibit space | Acknowledgment of Patron at the event 
 Diamond   
 USD $10000 / INR 7,00,000 | 2 | 8 |  
 Platinum   
 USD $7500 / INR 5,25,000 | 2 | 6 |  
 Gold   
 USD $5000 / INR 3,50,000 | 2 | 4 |  
 Startup Showcase Patron   
 USD $5000 / INR 3,50,000 | 1 | 4 |  
 Tutorial Sessions Patron   
 USD $2500/INR 1,75,000 | 1 | 2 |  
 Banquet Dinner Patron   
 USD $2500/INR 1,75,000 | 1 | 2 |  
 Professional Mentors Patron   
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 15 | 2 |  
 Student Project Competition Patron   
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 1 | 1 |  
 Best Paper Awards Patron   
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 1 | 1 |  
 Conference Lunch Patron   
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 2 | 1 |  

  Sponsors & Patrons  
   
 Sponsored by IEEE Technical Committee on Services Computing (TCSVC)  

   Patrons  

   Use of this Website signifies your agreement to the terms and conditions  
    | Contact & Support  | Privacy & Cookies  | Nondiscrimination Policy  | Terms & Conditions   Copyright 2025 IEEE - All Rights Reserved.  
 ieeeccem.org   

  