CGO 2025   Sat 1 - Wed 5 March 2025 Las Vegas, Nevada, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Code of Conduct 
  Venue 
  Calls | CGO 2025 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Main Conference 
  Student Research Competition 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Organization | CGO 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Main Conference 
  Student Research Competition 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   CGO 2025 
  CGO 2024 
  CGO 2023 
  CGO 2022 
  CGO 2021 
   CGO 2020 
  CGO 2019 
  CGO 2018 
  CGO 2017 
  CGO 2016 
  CGO 2015 
  CGO 2014 
  CGO 2013 
  CGO 2012 
  CGO 2011 
  CGO 2010 
  CGO 2009 
  CGO 2008 
  CGO 2007 
  CGO 2006 
  CGO 2005 
  CGO 2004 
  CGO 2003 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  CGO 2025  ( series  ) /  Main Conference CGO 2025   
   
 Call for Papers 
  Submission Information 
  Call for Papers  
  
 IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO)   
 Co-located with PPoPP, HPCA and CC   
 Las Vegas, USA   
 The International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO’25) will be held in Las Vegas, USA. CGO is the premier venue to bring together researchers and practitioners working at the interface of hardware and software on a wide range of optimization and code generation techniques and related issues. The conference spans the spectrum from purely static to fully dynamic approaches, and from pure software-based methods to specific architectural features and support for code generation and optimization.  
  CGO now uses two submissions per year.   
  This follows the model established by other conferences in our field in recent years, such as ASPLOS and OOPSLA. Papers submitted to the first round can either be directly accepted, rejected, or invited to submit a revised version of the paper to the second round. Papers rejected in the first round may not be submitted to the second round. For papers invited to submit a revised version, authors will be given a list of revisions that should be acted on to improve the paper. We will make every effort to ensure that the revised paper is reviewed by the same reviewers (and possibly additional reviewers), who will assess whether the revisions are satisfactory. If so, the paper will be accepted. If the revised paper is rejected, the authors may submit a further revised version in a subsequent round, which will be treated as a new submission.  
  First Submission Deadline   
 Paper Submission: May 30, 2024 
  Author Rebuttal Period: July 9-11, 2024 
  Paper Notification: July 22, 2024 
  Second Submission Deadline   
 Paper Submission: September 12, 2024 
  Author Rebuttal Period: October 22 - 24, 2024 
  Paper Notification: November 4, 2024 
  Contacts:   
 Hugh Leather - Meta – | hleather@meta.com 
  P. (Saday) Sadayappan – University of Utah – | saday@cs.utah.edu 
   Topics   
 Original contributions are solicited on, but not limited to, the following topics:  
 Code Generation, Translation, Transformation, and Optimization for performance, energy, virtualization, portability, security, or reliability concerns, and architectural support 
  Efficient execution of dynamically typed and higher-level languages 
  Optimization and code generation for emerging programming models, platforms, domain-specific languages 
  Dynamic/static, profile-guided, feedback-directed, and machine learning-based optimization 
  Static, Dynamic, and Hybrid Analysis for performance, energy, memory locality, throughput or latency, security, reliability, or functional debugging 
  Program characterization methods 
  Profiling and instrumentation techniques; architectural support 
  Novel and efficient tools 
  Compiler design, practice and experience 
  Compiler abstraction and intermediate representations 
  Vertical integration of language features, representations, optimizations, and runtime support for parallelism 
  Solutions that involve cross-layer (HW/OS/VM/SW) design and integration 
  Deployed dynamic/static compiler and runtime systems for general purpose, embedded system and Cloud/HPC platforms 
  Parallelism, heterogeneity, and reconfigurable architectures 
  Optimizations for heterogeneous or specialized targets, GPUs, SoCs, CGRA and Quantum Computers 
  Compiler support for vectorization, thread extraction, task scheduling, speculation, transaction, memory management, data distribution and synchronization 
  Standard research papers must be written in the ACM format  (use the sample-sigplan.tex template), and may have up to 11 pages, references excluded. Supplementary materials may be included as an Appendix at the end of the submitted paper. The Appendix has no page limit, but the text of the full paper excluding the Appendix must fit within 11 pages. Reviewers are not required to read the Appendix and may do so at their discretion. So papers must be self-contained without needing to read any material in the Appendix.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
  Call for Tool and Practical Experience Papers   
 CGO has a second category of papers called “Tools and Practical Experience”. Papers in this category must either give a clear account of a tool’s functionality or summarize a practical experience with realistic case studies.  
 The successful evaluation of an artifact is mandatory for a Tool Paper.   
  Therefore, authors of work conditionally accepted as Tool Papers must submit an artifact to the Artifact Evaluation Committee. The successful evaluation of the artifact is a requirement for final acceptance.  
 Practical experience papers are encouraged, but not required, to submit an artifact to the Artifact Evaluation process.   
 The selection criteria for papers in this category are:  
 Originality: Papers should present CGO-related technologies applied to real-world problems with scope or characteristics that set them apart from previous solutions. 
  Usability: The presented Tools or compilers should have broad usage or applicability. They are expected to assist in CGO-related research, or could be extended to investigate or demonstrate new technologies. If significant components are not yet implemented, the paper will not be considered. 
  Documentation: The tool or compiler should be presented on a web-site giving documentation and further information about the tool. 
  Benchmark Repository: A suite of benchmarks for testing should be provided. 
  Availability: The tool or compiler should be available for public use. 
  Foundations: Papers should incorporate the principles underpinning Code Generation and Optimization (CGO). However, a thorough discussion of theoretical foundations is not required; a summary of such should suffice. 
  Artifact Evaluation: The submitted artifact must be functional and support the claims made in the paper. Submission of an artifact is mandatory for papers presenting a tool. 
  Tool and Practical Experience papers abide by the same limit of 11 pages in the ACM format  , references excluded, and are not distinguished in the final proceedings. We encourage shorter submissions that give account of how scientific ideas have been incorporated and used in practice.  
  Geographic Diversity and Inclusion   
 Authors of papers accepted for CGO 2025 are encouraged to present their work in person. However, to foster the participation of students and professionals from everywhere, CGO 2025 will allow the remote presentation of papers, if their authors are unable to travel to the conference venue for reasons beyond their control (e.g. visa issues). Additionally, the conference organization will try to make attendance of CGO 2025 affordable for as many people as possible, with a specific focus on students from universities located in under-represented countries who are paper authors.  
  Artifact Evaluation   
 The Artifact Evaluation process is run by a separate committee whose task is to assess how the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This process contributes to improved reproducibility in research that should be a great concern to all of us. There is also some evidence that papers with a supporting artifact receive higher citations than papers without artifact evaluation. Authors of accepted papers at CGO have the option of submitting their artifacts for evaluation within two weeks of paper acceptance. To ease the organization of the AE committee, we kindly ask authors to indicate at the time they submit the paper, whether they are interested in submitting an artifact. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval printed on the papers themselves. Additional information is available on the CGO AE web page. Authors of accepted papers are encouraged, but not required, to make these materials publicly available upon publication of the proceedings.  
  AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
  Distinguished Paper Awards   
 Up to 10% of papers accepted at CGO 2025 will be designated as Distinguished Papers, following the ACM policy. This award is open to both regular and tool papers.  

 Submission Information  
   
 Submission Site   
 Papers can be submitted at https://cgo25-second-round.hotcrp.com/  .  
 Submission Guidelines   
 Please make sure that your paper satisfies ALL of the following requirements before it is submitted:  
 The paper must be original material  that has not been previously published in another conference or journal, nor is currently under review by another conference or journal. Note that you may submit material presented previously at a workshop without copyrighted proceedings. 
  Your submission is limited to eleven (11) letter-size (8.5"x11"), single-spaced, double-column pages  , using 10pt or larger font  , not including references. There is no page limit for references  . We strongly encourage the use of the ACM Conference Template  (use the sample-sigplan.tex template). Submissions not adhering to these submission guidelines may be outright rejected at the discretion of the program chairs. (Please make sure your paper prints satisfactorily on letter-size (8.5"x11") paper: this is especially important for submissions from countries where A4 paper is standard.) 
  Supplementary materials may be included as an Appendix at the end of the submitted paper. The Appendix has no page limit, but the text of the full paper excluding the Appendix must fit within 11 pages. Reviewers are not required to read the Appendix and may do so at their discretion. So papers must be self-contained without needing to read any material in the Appendix. 
  Papers are to be submitted for double-blind review  . Blind reviewing of papers will be done by the program committee, assisted by outside referees. Author names as well as hints of identity are to be removed from the submitted paper. Use care in naming your files. Source file names, e.g., Joe.Smith.dvi, are often embedded in the final output as readily accessible comments. In addition, do not omit references to provide anonymity, as this leaves the reviewer unable to grasp the context. Instead, if you are extending your own work, you need to reference and discuss the past work in third person, as if you were extending someone else’s research. We realize in doing this that for some papers it will still be obvious who the authors are. In this case, the submission will not be penalized as long a concerted effort was made to reference and describe the relationship to the prior work as if you were extending someone else’s research. For example, if your name is Joe Smith: | In previous work [1,2], Smith presented a new branch predictor for …. In this paper, we extend their work by …  
 Bibliography  
 [1] Joe Smith, “A Simple Branch Predictor for …,” Proceedings of CGO 2019.  
 [2] Joe Smith, “A More Complicated Branch Predictor for…,” Proceedings of CGO 2019. 
  Your submission must be formatted for black-and-white printers and not color printers. This is especially true for plots and graphs in the paper. 
  Please make sure that the labels on your graphs are readable without the aid of a magnifying glass. Typically the default font sizes on the graph axes in a program like Microsoft Excel are too small. 
  Please number the pages. 
  The paper must be written in English. 
  The paper must be submitted in PDF. We cannot accept any other format, and we must be able to print the document just as we receive it. We strongly suggest that you use only the four widely-used printer fonts: Times, Helvetica, Courier and Symbol. Please make sure that the output has been formatted for printing on LETTER size paper. If generating the paper using “dvips”, use the option “-P cmz -t letter”, and if that is not supported, use “-t letter”. 
  The Artifact Evaluation process is run by a separate committee whose task is to assess how the artifacts support the work described in the papers. Authors of accepted papers have the option of submitting their artifacts for evaluation within one week of paper acceptance. To ease the organization of the AE committee, we kindly ask authors to indicate at the time they submit the paper, whether they are interested in submitting an artifact. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval printed on the papers themselves. Additional information is available on the CGO AE web page. Authors of accepted papers are encouraged, but not required, to make these materials publicly available upon publication of the proceedings. 
  Authors must register all their conflicts on the paper submission site  . Conflicts are needed to ensure appropriate assignment of reviewers. If a paper is found to have an undeclared conflict that causes a problem OR if a paper is found to declare false conflicts in order to abuse or “game” the review system, the paper may be rejected. 
  Please declare a conflict of interest with the following people for any author of your paper: | Your Ph.D. advisor(s), post-doctoral advisor(s), Ph.D. students, and post-doctoral advisees, forever. 
  Family relations by blood or marriage, or their equivalent, forever (if they might be potential reviewers). 
  People with whom you have collaborated in the last FIVE years, including: 
  Co-authors of accepted/rejected/pending papers. 
  Co-PIs on accepted/rejected/pending grant proposals. 
  Funders (decision-makers) of your research grants, and researchers whom you fund. 
  People (including students) who shared your primary institution(s) in the last FIVE years. 
  Other relationships, such as close personal friendship, that you think might tend to affect your judgment or be seen as doing so by a reasonable person familiar with the relationship. 
  “Service” collaborations such as co-authoring a report for a professional organization, serving on a program committee, or co-presenting tutorials, do not themselves create a conflict of interest. Co-authoring a paper that is a compendium of various projects with no true collaboration among the projects does not constitute a conflict among the authors of the different projects. 
  On the other hand, there may be others not covered by the above with whom you believe a COI exists, for example, an ongoing collaboration that has not yet resulted in the creation of a paper or proposal. Please report such COIs; however, you may be asked to justify them. Please be reasonable. For example, you cannot declare a COI with a reviewer just because that reviewer works on topics similar to or related to those in your paper. The PC Chair may contact co-authors to explain a COI whose origin is unclear. 

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 4 Nov 2024  
  R2: Author Notification 
 Tue 22 - Thu 24 Oct 2024  
  R2: Author Rebuttal 
 Thu 12 Sep 2024   
  R2: Submission Deadline 
 Mon 22 Jul 2024  
  R1: Author Notification 
 Tue 9 - Thu 11 Jul 2024  
  R1: Author Rebuttal 
 Thu 30 May 2024   
  R1: Submission Deadline 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://cgo25-second-round.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Program Committee    
   
 Hugh Leather Co-chair    
 Facebook 
  Saday Sadayappan Co-chair    
 University of Utah, USA 
  Andrew Adams    
 Adobe Research 
  Saman Amarasinghe    
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology   
 United States 
  Tal Ben-Nun    
 Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory   
 United States 
  Milind Chabbi    
 Uber Technologies   
 United States 
  Albert Cohen    
 Google DeepMind   
 France 
  Huimin Cui    
 Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences   
 China 
  Maryam Mehri Dehnavi    
 University of Toronto   
 Canada 
  Christophe Dubach    
 McGill University   
 Canada 
  Anderson Faustino da Silva    
 State University of Maringá   
 Brazil 
  Björn Franke    
 University of Edinburgh   
 United Kingdom 
  Laure Gonnord    
 Université Grenoble-Alpes - Grenoble INP - LCIS   
 France 
  R. Govindarajan    
 IISC 
  Rajiv Gupta    
 University of California at Riverside (UCR)   
 United States 
  Sebastian Hack    
 Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus   
 Germany 
  Bastian Hagedorn    
 NVIDIA   
 Germany 
  Wei-Chung Hsu    
 Intel, USA 
  Abhinav Jangda    
 Microsoft Research   
 United States 
  Shoaib Kamil    
 Adobe Research 
  Mahmut Taylan Kandemir    
 Pennsylvania State University   
 United States 
  Fredrik Kjolstad    
 Stanford University   
 United States 
  Martin Kong    
 Ohio State University   
 United States 
  Milind Kulkarni    
 Purdue University   
 United States 
  Lian Li    
 Institute of Computing Technology at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences   
 China 
  Xu Liu    
 North Carolina State University   
 United States 
  Scott Mahlke    
 University of Michigan 
  Vanderson Martins do Rosario    
 Cadence Design Systems 
  Stephen McCamant    
 University of Minnesota, USA 
  Santosh Nagarakatte    
 Rutgers University   
 United States 
  Yongjun Park    
 Yonsei University 
  Pavlos Petoumenos    
 University of Manchester   
 United Kingdom 
  Louis-Noël Pouchet    
 Colorado State University, USA 
  Isabelle Puaut    
 Université de Rennes - Inria - CNRS - IRISA   
 France 
  Bin Ren    
 William & Mary   
 United States 
  Atanas Rountev    
 Ohio State University 
  Volker Seeker    
 Meta AI Research   
 United States 
  Xipeng Shen    
 North Carolina State University   
 United States 
  Tatiana Shpeisman    
 Modular 
  Aravind Sukumaran-Rajam    
 Meta 
  Kirshanthan Sundararajah    
 Virginia Tech   
 United States 
  Antonino Tumeo    
 Pacific Northwest National Laboratory   
 United States 
  Ramakrishna Upadrasta 
  Wenwen Wang    
 University of Georgia   
 United States 
  Zheng Wang    
 University of Leeds, UK 
  Yufan Xu    
 Uber Technologies 
  Jingling Xue    
 UNSW Sydney   
 Australia 
  Jidong Zhai    
 Tsinghua University 
  Keren Zhou    
 George Mason University 
  Oleksandr Zinenko    
 Google DeepMind   
 France 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 12:50    

  CGO 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 CGO 2025  
 Artifact Evaluation   
  Main Conference   
  Student Research Competition   
  Workshops and Tutorials    

 Attending  
 Code of Conduct   
  Venue    
 Sign Up    

  