Skip to content  CHI PLAY Steering Committee   

        CHI PLAY Steering Committee 
  Calls for Hosting CHI PLAY 

 Calls for Hosting CHI PLAY  

 We actively solicit hosts for CHI PLAY. At this time the Steering Committee wishes to solicit bids that are focussed on hosting a hybrid conference, i.e. an in-person conference, though with support for online presentation and engagement as is feasible without compromising the in-person experience.  
  The host proposal process is intended to be as lightweight as possible, allowing the SC to conduct an informed review. The bid does not need to be a “polished” document, but should aim to include among others:  
 Details of the potential city, including typical hotel costs 
  Details of at least one possible venue, including an indication of the cost of hiring the venue for 1 day of workshops and 3 days of the single-track conference (assuming 150-250 on site attendees), and the AV facilities required, and WiFi networking capable of handling 600+ connected devices. This need not be final but indicative of the costs of holding the conference in that location. Additionally, we would appreciate some indication of how any online components of the conference could be supported. 
  Expected potential dates 
  Indications of potential collocation with other synergetic events 
  A possible high-level schedule of the conference, which should be based on recent CHI PLAY conferences. Innovative ideas for other sessions or sub-events are very welcome 
  Short bios of the general chairs and any local chairs or other community members, who have indicated their willingness to serve. Program Chairs for the archival papers/notes track should NOT be specified. The SC will work with the general chairs to choose program chairs after the host is chosen. 
  Potential local sponsors, both public bodies and local companies. 
  It is essential that proposals reflect CHI PLAY’s commitment to diversity and inclusivity (this should be reflected in all aspects of the conference from the choice of general chairs through to the day-to-day running of the conference itself). 
  We strive for attending at different continents. 
  Prospective hosts are encouraged to review the ACM SIG Conference Planning Guide  . As an ACM-sponsored conference, the ACM takes on financial liability (e.g., signing contracts for the venue) and will assist the general chairs with negotiations with a suitable venue as necessary.  
 As with previous conferences, it is crucial to keep the registration costs and other costs associated with attending the conference as low as possible, so that attendance is open to as many people as possible. Please look forcost-effective options for catering and other expected costs and listing low-cost accommodation possibilities.  
 Deadline for proposals for hosting CHI PLAY 2026:  October 13, 2024 – but earlier submissions are welcome. If you are thinking of submitting a proposal but possibly for a later year, please get in touch with the chair of the steering committee, Vero Vanden Abeele, sc-chair@chiplay.org, or any other member of the steering committee. The SC is happy to help advise prospective hosts before a final proposal is submitted.  

 Designed with WordPress   

  