     
     Home 
  Blog 
  Authors 
  Reviewers 
  Attendees 
  Travel 
  Sponsors and Exhibitors 
  Organizing 

 Home 
  Blog 
  Authors | Papers 
  Case Studies 
  Late Breaking Work 
  Interactivity 
  alt.CHI 
  Journals 
  Video Showcase 
  Workshops 
  Panels 
  SIG 
  In-Person Doctoral Consortium 
  Remote Doctoral Consortium 
  Student Design Competition 
  Student Game Competition 
  Student Research Competition 
  Courses 
  Reviewers | Guide to Reviewing 
  Code of Conduct in Review 
  Attendees | Registration 
  Program at a Glance 
  Program 
  Hybrid Experience 
  Travel | Visa 
  Transportation and Accommodation 
  Getting Around Yokohama 
  Childcare Support 
  Sponsors and Exhibitors | Confirmed Sponsors 
  Call for Sponsors and Exhibitors 
  Code of Conduct for Sponsors and Exhibitors 
  Organizing | Organizing Committee 
  Student Volunteers 

 Home  » For Authors  » Papers   

 Recent Posts  
 CHI 2025 Registration is Now Open! 
  SV T-Shirt Design Competition 
  Call for SVs 
  ACM code of conduct in review 
  Hybrid experience at CHI 2025 
    
 Upcoming Deadlines  
 All times are in Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone. The submission site of each track will open approximately four weeks before its submission deadline.  
   
 Submission  September 12, 2024 | Notification  January 16, 2025 | Papers 
  Submission  October 10, 2024 | Notification  November 28, 2024 | Case Studies of HCI in Practice | Courses | Workshops 
  Submission  October 24, 2024 | Notification  December 5, 2024 | In-Person Doctoral Consortium 
  Submission  December 5, 2024 | Notification  January 30, 2025 | alt.CHI | Panel | SIG 
  Submission  December 19, 2024 | Notification  January 16, 2025 | Journal 
  Submission  January 22, 2025 | Notification  January 27, 2025 | Student Volunteer 
  Submission  January 23, 2025 | Notification  February 20, 2025 | Late Breaking Work | Interactivity | Remote Doctoral Consortium | Student Design Competition | Student Game Competition | Student Research Competition | Video Showcase 

 Papers  
 You must submit the abstract/metadata by the 5th Sept AoE in order to submit the full paper by the 12th Sept AoE.   
   
 Please submit papers through the Precision Conference Submission Portal    
   
 CHI 2025 papers will follow the same revise & resubmit process from CHI 2024. Authors can read more about the rationale behind CHI 2024’s updates in this post by the CHI 2024 Papers Chairs  .  
   
 Important Facts   
 Revise and Resubmit: | CHI 2025 Papers will continue with a revise and resubmit phase for papers above a certain threshold, where authors have the opportunity to respond to reviewer feedback and improve their paper as part of our | review cycle | . 
  Paper Length: | Concise and succinct writing are strongly encouraged. | There are two paper length categories. The paper length should be counted excluding references, figure/table captions, and appendices. 
  Short Papers: | Submissions of 5,000 words or less. 
  Standard-Length Papers: | Submissions between 5,000 and 12,000 words (about 7,000-8,000 words on average). 
  Submissions with Excessive Length: Submissions of more than 12,000 words will be desk rejected if their length is not justified. | In a very exceptional case, such submissions may be considered for full review, but authors must provide clear strong justification for why submissions are required to be more than 12,000 words. 
  A paper must be stand alone. | All important information to understand the contributions of their work must be in the main paper excluding appendices, videos, and supplemental materials. Reviewers/ACs expect the relevant details to be in the main text of the paper itself. Any extra materials helpful for understanding the work but not necessary (e.g., interview script, coding, additional results, etc.) may be added as an appendix at the end of the main paper, but note that reviewers/ACs are | NOT | required to read the appendices and supplementary materials for review. 
  Accessibility: | Paper submissions are expected to follow the | SIGCHI Guide to an Accessible Submission | . 
  Inclusivity: | Authors should ensure their work and writing are as inclusive as possible. 
  Mandatory Video Presentation: | All accepted authors are required to upload a video presentation by the video presentation deadline, | Thursday, March 13, 2025 | . Note that this deadline for submitting a video presentation is earlier than in 2024. 
  No Video Previews: | Unlike previous years, CHI 2025 has decided NOT to collect video previews (30-second videos to show the core idea of your work), and authors do not need to prepare them. 
    
 Important Dates   
 All times are in Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone. When the deadline is day D  , the last time to submit is when D  ends AoE. Check your local time in AoE.   
 Submission site open: | Thursday, August 1, 2024 
  Abstract/metadata deadline (title, abstract, authors, subcommittee choices, and other metadata; | please note that changes on authors are NOT allowed after this date for the whole review process) | : | Thursday, September 5, 2024 
  Full paper deadline: | Thursday, September 12, 2024 
  Video figures (optional videos about the work) and Supplementary Material (e.g., longer appendices) deadline: | Thursday, September 19, 2024 
  Reviews Released: | Tuesday, November 5, 2024 
  Revise Papers: | Wednesday, November 6 – Tuesday, December 10, 2024 
  Resubmission deadline: | Tuesday, December 10, 2024 
  PC Meeting: | Tuesday, January 14, 2025 
  Decision Notification: | Thursday, January 16, 2025 
  Reviews Released: | Friday, January 17, 2025 
  E-Rights Completion Deadline: | Thursday, January 23, 2025 
  Publication-Ready deadline (including supplemental materials and optional video previews): | Thursday, February 13, 2025 
  TAPS Closes: | Thursday, February 20, 2025 
  Video Presentation Deadline | (Mandatory) | : | Thursday, March 13, 2025 
    
 ACM Selection Process Category   
 Refereed   
   
 Introduction   
 CHI Papers present excellent original research from all areas of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). CHI Papers are read and cited worldwide and have a broad impact on the development of HCI theory, method, and practice.  
 Authors must  present accepted papers at the CHI Conference either in person or virtually. Accepted manuscripts appear in the Proceedings of the ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems  , which appears in the ACM Digital Library  . The ACM supports Gold and Green open access options  , and the papers by corresponding authors from ACM Open  institutions will be published as Gold Open Access.  
 Accepted papers may come from any area of HCI activity: academia or industry; science, engineering, or craft; analysis or design. Acceptance is highly competitive: accepted papers will excel in originality, significance, validity, research quality, and presentation clarity. We are looking forward to seeing your best work!  
   
 ACM’s Publication Policies   
 It is critical that authors review ACM’s publications policies. Please read this separate page  for them.  
   
 Metadata Integrity   
 The abstract/metadata deadline is a hard deadline for listing all author names  ; there are no exceptions  . Changes to the order of authors are allowed only during the Publication-Ready submission phase. The abstract/metadata is crucial to the integrity of the review process and author representation  . If any of the authors needs to be added or removed after the abstract/metadata deadline, authors would need to withdraw their submissions/papers.   
 Minor changes to the title and abstract are permitted during the revision period.  
   
 Policy on Use of Large Language Models   
 Text generated from a large-scale language model (LLM), such as ChatGPT, must be clearly marked where such tools are used for purposes beyond editing the author’s own text  . Please carefully review the April 2023 ACM Policy on Authorship  before you use these tools. The SIGCHI blog post  describes approaches to acknowledging the use of such tools and we refer to it for guidance. Note that the LaTeX template will default to hiding the Acknowledgements section while in review mode – please make sure that any LLM disclosure is available in your submitted version. While we do not anticipate using tools on a large scale to detect LLM-generated text, we will investigate submissions brought to our attention and desk reject  papers where LLM use is not clearly marked.  
   
 Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects   
 Any research in submitted manuscripts that involves human subjects must go through the appropriate ethics review requirements that apply to the authors’ research environment. As research environments vary considerably with regards to their requirements, authors are asked to submit a short note to reviewers that provides this context. Please also see the 2021 ACM Publications policy on research involving humans  before submitting.  
   
 Preparing and Submitting Your Paper   
 Step 1. Write Your Paper   
 Your submission must be original; it cannot be published or under concurrent review elsewhere. If you make multiple submissions to CHI 2025 Papers, they must be distinct from each other. Please refer to the | Guide to a Successful Paper Submission | . 
  Please ensure that you use the correct | template | ; a single-column format must be used for the reviewing phase. | Use of different templates or formats may result in desk rejection. 
  Your submission must be anonymized; please ensure that your submission conforms to the | Anonymization Policy | . | Papers that violate the anonymization policy, including within the supplemental materials or external links to datasets, code repositories, etc., will be desk rejected. 
  Concise and succinct writing are strongly encouraged in any submission. | Short submissions with a length of 5,000 words or less are strongly welcomed. These papers will go through exactly the same review process although reviewers will be encouraged to ensure that evaluation expectations are commensurate with length and contribution size. 
  Authors are encouraged to submit a paper of length proportional to its contribution. The average length of CHI papers is approximately 7,000–8,000 words excluding references, figure/table captions, and appendices. Submissions above 12,000 words (two standard deviations above the average) will be desk rejected, except in circumstances where the authors are able to provide a strong justification. Authors may contact the relevant subcommittee chairs for guidance on appropriate justification. Submissions that are clearly not complete research papers (e.g., abstracts, work-in-progress, entire theses, extensive journal articles) will be desk rejected. | Papers, where the length is incommensurate with contributions, will be desk rejected. 
  Your paper must be stand alone. | You may use appendices and/or supplementary materials to share additional information about your work, but all important information to understand the contributions of your work must be in the main paper PDF. Heavy reliance on appendices and/or supplementary materials can be a ground for rejection including desk rejection. 
  If you have any concurrent submissions to CHI or other venues that are closely related – i.e., are based on the same study, artifact, or dataset – you must include an anonymized version of that submission to the concurrent submissions field. | Failure to do so will result in desk rejection. | The same rule applies if your submission is built directly on work currently under review at other venues. Please see | ACM guide on prior and simultaneous submissions | . 
  Research Quality: Papers must include enough detail that the research can be reviewed for research quality, given the norms and expectations of the relevant subcommittee (e.g., design papers will be judged as rigorous according to the expectations of the design community, not by the expectations of the computational interaction community). Papers that do not include enough detail to adequately assess research quality may be rejected; | papers that are clearly not situated in relevant research literature may be desk rejected. 
  Reproducibility: Where relevant, authors are strongly encouraged to provide supplementary materials to support practices around research reproducibility as much as possible. Please refer to the requirements for supplementary materials below. 
  Accessibility: Accessible submissions are essential for reviewers and are good practice. Authors are expected to follow | SIGCHI’s Guide to an Accessible Submission | . If you have any questions or concerns about creating accessible submissions, please contact the Accessibility Chairs at | accessibility@chi2025.acm.org | early | in the writing process (the closer to the deadline, the less time the team will have to respond to individual requests). Papers flagged as inaccessible by a reviewer will have to be reassigned. Note that subcommittees strive to match the best reviewer to each paper – | the best reviewers for the work may not be able to review an inaccessible submission. 
  Inclusivity: Authors should ensure their work and writing are as inclusive as possible; where this is not possible, it should be acknowledged. For example, authors should use gender-inclusive language when developing their papers (see e.g., | HCI Guidelines for Gender Equity and Inclusivity | ) and consider what communities their work is – and is not – supporting, as well as their geographical context. 
  Questions regarding the submission templates can be addressed by the Publications Chairs at | publications@chi2025.acm.org | . All additional questions regarding the paper submissions process should be directed to the Papers Chairs at | papers@chi2025.acm.org | . 
  Step 2. Prepare Supplementary Materials (Optional)   
 All video figures and supplementary material must be anonymized. Non-anonymized supplemental materials will result in desk rejection of the entire submission. 
  Video figures (optional) do not have a specified time limit for the duration, although we recommend staying within 5 minutes. Details are available in the | Guide to Submitting a Video | . 
  Other supplementary material may include, for example, survey text, experimental protocols, source code, and data, all of which can help reviewers assess your work as well as allow other researchers to replicate your work. Any non-video supplementary material should be submitted as a single .zip file, including a README file with a description of the materials. 
  Reviewers should be able to access the contribution of the paper solely based on the main submission file. That is, the paper submission must stand on its own without the supplementary material. 
  Step 3. Select a Subcommittee   
 CHI 2025 expects to receive over 4,000 submissions, as it did in 2024. In order to provide high-quality reviews by experts for all submissions, the CHI program committee is divided into topical subcommittees  . When you submit a paper, you can state a preference of up to two subcommittees whose mandates you believe your topic fits into. It is your responsibility to select the subcommittees that offer the best expertise to assess your research, and that you believe will most fully appreciate your contribution. If you are unsure, you can email the subcommittee chairs for advice. The program committee may re-assign submissions to a different subcommittee if neither of the subcommittees selected by the authors possesses adequate expertise in the submission’s topic.  
 Step 4. Complete Submission   
 Make your submission. Authors may submit and edit their materials via | Precision Conference Submission Portal | until the deadlines. The submission system will open for submissions approximately four weeks before the abstract/metadata submission deadline. 
  Abstract/Metadata Submission Deadline: | Authors must submit their title, abstract (150 words max), list of authors, subcommittee selections, and other metadata before this deadline. Only the contact author can edit the submission files. | No new submissions will be allowed after this deadline. Placeholder metadata (e.g. ‘abstract todo’) are not acceptable and will be desk rejected. 
  Listed authors cannot be changed after the abstract/metadata deadline. | No new authors can be added even during the revise and resubmit period or for the camera-ready version. Making changes to the author list can be used to manipulate the selected reviewers of a paper, can introduce conflicts with previously assigned reviewers, and can be used to unethical publication practices. Thus, please make sure a) that you have added all authors | including yourself | , and b) that your PCS account email address is valid. | There are no exceptions. 
  Main Paper Deadline: | Authors must submit the pdf of their paper, and related form data, before this deadline. No extensions will be granted. Any submissions showing ‘incomplete’ after the deadline will be deleted. 
  Video and Supplementary Material Deadline: | As described above, authors can submit optional video figures and any other optional supplementary materials before the deadline. 
  Details on the review process itself are described in the Papers Review Process  .  
   
 Upon Acceptance of Your Paper   
 Contact authors of accepted papers will receive instructions  (link tba) on how to prepare and submit a final version by the Publication-Ready Deadline. If the authors are unable to meet these requirements by the Publication-Ready deadline, the Papers Chairs will be notified and may be required to remove the paper from the program. For any issues relating to the publication phase, please contact publications@chi2025.acm.org  .  
 The publication-ready version has to follow the LaTeX and Word templates from ACM. Should you need technical assistance, please direct your technical query to publications@chi2025.acm.org  .  
 Authors will also be required to assign either copyright or license to the ACM or to pay a fee to ACM for Open Access (details about ACM rights management: http://authors.acm.org  , and about the ACM Author-Izer service: http://www.acm.org/publications/acm-author-izer-service  ). Responsibility for obtaining permissions to use video, audio, or pictures of identifiable people or proprietary content rests with the author, not the ACM or the CHI conference.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date may affect the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.  
   
 Video Presentations   
 All accepted authors are required to upload a video presentation (a presentation video of your accepted work) by the video presentation deadline of Thursday March 13, 2025.  See technical requirements for video content at CHI  as a guidance for preparing a video presentation. Accepted authors will receive the details of video presentations separately.  
 If authors fail to submit their video presentations by the deadline, their accepted work would be withdrawn from the ACM Digital Library.  
 Unlike previous years, CHI 2025 has decided NOT to collect video previews (30-second videos to show the core idea of your work), and authors do not need to prepare them.  
   
 Your Paper at the Conference   
 Authors of accepted papers are required to present their work at CHI 2025, and the presenting author must register for their paper presentations. Those who cannot attend in-person will have the option to present virtually with a virtual registration rate. Further instructions regarding the presentation of the work will be shared closer to the conference dates. If authors fail to participate in presenting their work, their accepted work would be withdrawn from the ACM Digital Library.  
   
 Your Paper After the Conference   
 Accepted papers will be distributed in the CHI Conference Proceedings available in the ACM Digital Library, where they will remain accessible to thousands of researchers and practitioners worldwide. Video presentations of accepted papers will be archived in the ACM Digital Library.  
  
 Contact Us   
 Papers Chairs  
 Phoebe Toups-Dugas, Bongshin Lee, Marshini Chetty  
 papers@chi2025.acm.org   

 © 2025 | ACM SIGCHI  - ACM Privacy Policy   

  