Toggle navigation          
  Contact us 
   Intranet login 

 About us | Overview 
  History 
  Organization 
  Partnerships 
  Facts and Figures 
  Start-ups & Spin-offs 
  IT Sites | IT Aveiro 
  IT Coimbra 
  IT Lisboa 
  IT Branch - Covilhã 
  IT Branch - ISCTE-IUL 
  IT Branch - Leiria 
  IT Branch - Porto 
  Research & Innovation | Thematic Lines 
  Lab Infrastructure 
  Research Impact 
  Research Highlights 
  Technology Transfer 
  News & Events | News 
  Coming Events 
  Past Events 
  Outreach Activities 
  Clipping 
  Newsletters 
  Work With Us | Post-doc positions 
  Other research positions 
  Other contract positions 
  Why choose IT 
  Testimonials 
  Resources | Annual Reports 
  Quality Policy 
  Code of Conduct 
  Gender Equality 
  Sustainability 
  Privacy Policy 
  Support Staff 
  Complaints Channel 
  Press Kit 
    Search!     

 Creating and sharing knowledge for telecommunications   
 Home 
  Scientific Research 
  Research Highlights 

 Research Highlight Books  

 RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 2002-2007  

 This book presents samples of IT activities in the period 2002-2007, in plain language for a nonspecialist reader was adopted throughout. This is certainly an ambitious objective, not only because of the very nature of the activities, mostly research and development, but also because of its scope, t...  
 READ MORE    

 INTERNAL PROJECTS 2009-2010  

 Instituto de Telecomunicações (it) has grown fast to become a quite large research institution in Portugal with more than 400 researchers distributed by 8 sites and branches across the country and activities spanning a very broad range of topics in telecommunications and supporting sciences and tech...  
 READ MORE    

 INTERNAL PROJECTS 2010-2013  

 Instituto de Telecomunicações (it) has grown fast to become a quite large research institution in Portugal with more than 600 researchers distributed through 8 sites and branches across the country, with activities spanning a very broad range of topics in telecommunications and supporting sciences a...  
 READ MORE    

 RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 2008-2012  

 This book aims at describing IT activities, in the period 2008-2012, through a limited number of projects. A simple language, for the nonspecialist reader was adopted throughout. This is certainly an ambitious objective, not only because of the very nature of the activities described, mostly researc...  
 READ MORE    

 RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 2013-2015  

 This book aims at describing IT activities, in the period 2013-2015, through a limited number of projects. A simple language, for the nonspecialist reader was adopted throughout. This is certainly na ambitious objective, not only because of the very nature of the activities described, mostly researc...  
 READ MORE    

 INTERNAL PROJECTS 2013-2016  

 Instituto de Telecomunicações (it) has grown fast to become a quite large research institution in Portugal with more than 600 researchers distributed through 7 sites and branches across the country, with activities spanning a very broad range of topics in telecommunications and supporting sciences a...  
 READ MORE    

 ×   RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 2002-2007  
   
  This book presents samples of IT activities in the period 2002-2007, in plain language for a nonspecialist reader was adopted throughout. This is certainly an ambitious objective, not only because of the very nature of the activities, mostly research and development, but also because of its scope, that encompasses, and in some cases goes beyond, the already broad field of telecommunications.  
   
  Key performance indicators show the trend, existing laboratory facilities set the boundaries, and short descriptions of about 80 projects and research topics, chosen from a much larger set, provide compelling examples of IT activity in line with its mission “to create and disseminate scientific knowledge in the field of telecommunications“.  
   
 CLOSE  FULL PDF DOWNLOAD    

 ×   INTERNAL PROJECTS 2009-2010  
   
  Instituto de Telecomunicações (it) has grown fast to become a quite large research institution in Portugal with more than 400 researchers distributed by 8 sites and branches across the country and activities spanning a very broad range of topics in telecommunications and supporting sciences and technologies.  
   
  A major challenge has been to use this diversity as an opportunity for it to become more than the sum of its parts, by enhancing internal cooperation between sites and groups and exploiting existing and potential synergies to the full. To pursue this goal, it issued in June 2008 an internal call for two-year interdisciplinary projects that had to involve at least two different research groups. The call closed on July 14, 2008 and received 36 proposals (4 were considered not eligible). The 32 eligible proposals were evaluated by international experts that rated them as Excellent, Very Good, Good, Fair or Poor. All Excellent and Very Good proposals (15) were funded for a total amount of 600 k€.  
   
  Activities in it internal projects involved 100 researchers from 22 groups and originated 16 prototypes, about 40 journal papers, and 45 PhD and MSc dissertations. In a few projects, the quality and innovation of the results fueled contacts with interested external national and international partners. We are convinced that, in addition to their own scientific and technological merits, these projects provided an important contribution to strengthen internal collaboration and to  
  achieve excellence in telecommunications, which is in the essence of it mission.  
   
 CLOSE  FULL PDF DOWNLOAD    

 ×   INTERNAL PROJECTS 2010-2013  
   
  Instituto de Telecomunicações (it) has grown fast to become a quite large research institution in Portugal with more than 600 researchers distributed through 8 sites and branches across the country, with activities spanning a very broad range of topics in telecommunications and supporting sciences and technologies.  
   
  As it is growing, a major challenge has been to use this diversity as an opportunity for it to become more than the sum of its parts, by enhancing internal cooperation between sites and groups exploiting existing and potential synergies to the full. To pursue this goal and profiting from the experience gained in our second call for two year interdisciplinary projects that had to involve at least two different research groups, launched in 2008, it issued in January 2011 a third call for internal projects that closed on the 27th of February 2011 and received 40 proposals. All proposals were evaluated by international experts that rated them as Excellent, Very Good, Good Fair or Poor. All proposals rated as Excellent and Very Good, (21) were funded for a total amount of 721 k€.  
   
  Activities in it internal projects involved 100 researchers from 23 groups and originated 21 prototypes, about 74 journal papers, and 60 PhD and MSc dissertations. In a few projects, the quality and innovation of the results fueled contacts with interested external national and international partners. We are convinced that, in addition to their own scientific and technological merits, these projects provided an important contribution to strengthen internal collaboration and to achieve excellence in telecommunications, which is in the essence of it mission.  
   
 CLOSE  FULL PDF DOWNLOAD    

 ×   RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 2008-2012  
   
  This book aims at describing IT activities, in the period 2008-2012, through a limited number of projects. A simple language, for the nonspecialist reader was adopted throughout. This is certainly an ambitious objective, not only because of the very nature of the activities described, mostly research and development, but also because of its scope that encompasses, and in some cases goes beyond, the already broad field of telecommunications.  
   
  A previous edition dealt with the period 2002-2007. Together they cover IT activity since it became an Associated Laboratory. Key performance indicators show the trends, existing laboratory facilities set the boundaries and short descriptions of about 70 projects and research topics, chosen from a much larger set, provide compelling samples of IT activity in line with its mission “to create and disseminate scientific knowledge in the field of telecommunications “.  
   
 CLOSE  FULL PDF DOWNLOAD    

 ×   RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 2013-2015  
   
  This book aims at describing IT activities, in the period 2013-2015, through a limited number of projects. A simple language, for the nonspecialist reader was adopted throughout. This is certainly na ambitious objective, not only because of the very nature of the activities described, mostly research and development, but also because of its scope that encompasses, and in some cases goes beyond, the already broad field of telecommunications.  
   
  Previous editions dealt with the periods 2002-2007 and 2008-2012. Together they cover IT activity since it became an Associated Laboratory. Key performance indicators show the trends, existing laboratory facilities set the boundaries and short descriptions of about 70 projects and research topics, chosen from a much larger set, provide compelling samples of IT activity in line with its mission “to create and disseminate scientific knowledge in the field of telecommunications “.  
   
 CLOSE  FULL PDF DOWNLOAD    

 ×   INTERNAL PROJECTS 2013-2016  
   
  Instituto de Telecomunicações (it) has grown fast to become a quite large research institution in Portugal with more than 600 researchers distributed through 7 sites and branches across the country, with activities spanning a very broad range of topics in telecommunications and supporting sciences and technologies.  
  As it is growing, a major challenge has been to use this diversity as an opportunity for it to become more than the sum of its parts, by enhancing internal cooperation between sites and groups exploiting existing and potential synergies to the full. To pursue this goal and profiting from the experience gained in our previous calls, launched in 2008 and 2010 for two-year interdisciplinary  
  projects that had to involve at least two different research groups, it issued in September 2013 a fourth call for internal projects that closed on the 3rd of November 2013 and received 83 proposals.  
  All proposals were evaluated by international experts that rated them as Excellent, Very Good, Good Fair or Poor. All proposals rated as Excellent and Very Good, (25) were funded for a total amount of 893 k€.  
  These projects, which are described ahead, fill an important gap in the existing FCT funding schemes that tend to favor small, monochromatic research teams. Activities in it’s internal projects involved 170 it researchers from 28 groups and originated 40 prototypes, about 109 journal papers, and 102 PhD and MSc dissertations.  
  In a few projects, the quality and innovation of the results fueled contacts and new projects with interested external national and international partners.  

 CLOSE  FULL PDF DOWNLOAD    

  UIDB/50008/2020  
  
  Other Funding Agencies   
 Integrated with ORCID   
   
 Contact Us  
 Instituto de Telecomunicações  
  Universidade de Aveiro, Campus Universitário de Santiago  
  3810 - 193 Aveiro - Portugal  
 Phone: +351 234377900  
 Fax: +351 234377901  
 Email: it@lx.it.pt     
 Newsletter  
 Enter your e-mail to subscribe to our newsletter.  
   
 Email address   OK     

 © 2024, IT - Instituto de Telecomunicações | All Rights Reserved   

   