Skip to main content    
     
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE International Conference on Computer Communications   
 19–22 May 2025 // London, United Kingdom   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Awards 
  Authors | Call For Papers [Main Conference] 
  Call For Papers [Workshops] 
  Paper Submission Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Final Paper Submission Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Final Paper Submission Instructions [Workshops] 
  Presentation and Video Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Call for Demos and Posters 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Student Travel Grant 
  Committee | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  TPC Chairs and Area Chairs 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Program | Accepted Paper List [Main Conference] 
  Workshops 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Registration | Registration Fees 
  Important Information for Authors 
  Event Conduct 
  Sponsor | How to Become a Sponsor 
  TPC Meeting 
   Search       

  Call For Papers [Main Conference]  
   
 Call For Papers [Main Conference]   
 The pdf of Call-for-Papers will be posted soon.  
 Submit a Paper   
 IEEE INFOCOM 2025 is scheduled to take place in London, United Kingdom. This event will be conducted in person, allowing attendees to fully immerse themselves in the conference experience. However, we understand that some authors may encounter travel difficulties, such as obtaining visas. In such cases, assistance for remote presentation of their papers will be considered upon approval by the General Chairs. Virtual participation in the conference will no longer be supported.  
 IEEE INFOCOM is a top-ranked networking conference of the IEEE Communications Society. IEEE INFOCOM 2025 solicits research papers describing significant and innovative research contributions to the field of computer and data communication networks. We invite submissions on a wide range of research topics, spanning both theoretical and systems research. Topics include but are not limited to:  
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine learning for networking 
  Cellular wireless broadband systems, including 6G and beyond 
  Censorship circumvention and net neutrality 
  Challenging Network Environments (underwater, underground) 
  Cloud computing/mobile cloud computing 
  Cross-layer designs 
  Cyber-physical network systems 
  Datacenter networking 
  Dynamic spectrum sharing 
  Edge and fog computing/networking 
  Extremely high-frequency communications (mmWave, THz) 
  Fault tolerance, reliability, and survivability 
  Full duplex communication networks 
  Green networks 
  Information-centric networking 
  Interference management and mitigation 
  Internet architectures 
  Internet of Things 
  Large-scale MIMO-based networking 
  Localization and location-based services 
  Medium access control 
  Mobile sensing and applications 
  Mobility management and models 
  Multimedia networking 
  Network economics and pricing 
  Network management 
  Network measurement and analysis 
  Network security and privacy 
  Network support for VR/AR 
  Network virtualization 
  Networked autonomous aerial/terrestrial/underwater systems 
  Non-terrestrial networks 
  Online social networks 
  Optical networks 
  Overlay and peer-to-peer networks 
  Quality-of-service and resource management 
  Quantum networking 
  Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) and Near-Field Communication (NFC) 
  Router and switch design 
  Routing and multicast 
  Scaling laws and fundamental limits 
  Software-defined networking (SDN) 
  Tactile Internet 
  Testbeds, experimentations, and networked experimental platforms 
  Ultra-Reliable Low-Latency Communications (URLLC) 
  Vehicular networks 
  Visible light communications (VLC) 
  Web applications and content distribution 
  Wireless local/personal area networks 
  IEEE INFOCOM incorporates a rigorous double-blind review process. The review assignment will be based on the view assignment system described in the following paper, which analyzes the submitted manuscripts and the representative publications of TPC members and matches the submissions to TPC members’ expertise and interests.  
 B. Li and Y.T. Hou. “The new automated INFOCOM review assignment system,” IEEE Network, vol.30, no.5, pp.18-24, Sept./Oct. 2016.  
  http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7579022/   
 Papers that present data that include experiments on or with humans or animals and/or presentation or analysis of personally identifiable information, including aggregated data, must have the appropriate approval from the author(s)’ institution(s). An explicit statement about the approval must be included in the paper (with appropriate anonymization in the paper submitted for review).  
 Preprints Policy  
 The submitted manuscript or its title/abstract should not be posted on a public website, such as arXiv.org, or transmitted via public mailing lists.  
 Conflict of Interest (CoI)  
 Before submission, please update your CoIs in the EDAS system. A CoI occurs when a person’s objective judgment is — or is perceived by a reasonable observer — compromised by an existing relationship, affiliation, or connection to a person whose work they must evaluate.  
 The following are considered to be specific examples of relationships that produce CoIs. Individuals in such relationships should not be involved in peer review of, or making editorial decisions about, materials provided by the related parties.  
 The lifelong relationship between Ph.D. student and Ph.D. supervisor 
  Within the last 24 months or reasonably expected within the next year: | Working closely together (e.g., at the same institution, company, or organization; or within the same organizational team). 
  Recipients of joint funding or significant professional collaboration. 
  Joint authorship of an archival publication. 
  Personal or family relationships that would reasonably cause others to doubt the impartiality of the review 
  Notable personal or professional conflicts (publicly known or not). 
  Submission Cap, Length, and Formatting Requirements  
 The maximum number of papers an author can submit to IEEE INFOCOM 2025 is five  . Accepted and presented papers will be published in the IEEE INFOCOM 2025 Conference Proceedings and submitted to IEEE Xplore®. Submitted papers must be written in English, with a maximum length limit of 10 printed pages  . The main text (including figures, tables, appendices, and any material other than references) must be no more than 9 pages  . Papers that do not comply with the length limit will not be reviewed. Use the standard IEEE Transactions templates for Microsoft Word or LaTeX formats found at:  
  https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html   
 If the paper is typeset in LaTeX, please use an unmodified version of the LaTeX template IEEEtran.cls version 1.8, and use the preamble: \documentclass[10pt, conference, letterpaper]{ IEEEtran }  
 Do not use additional LaTeX commands or packages to override and change the default typesetting choices in the template, including line spacing, font sizes, margins, space between the columns, and font types. This implies that the manuscript must use 10-point Times font, two-column formatting, as well as all default margins and line spacing requirements as dictated by the original version of IEEEtran.cls version 1.8. If you are using Microsoft Word to format your paper, you should use an unmodified version of the Microsoft Word IEEE Transactions template (US letter size). Regardless of the source of your paper formatting, you must submit your paper in Adobe PDF format.  
 The paper must print clearly and legibly, including all the figures, on standard black-and-white printers. Reviewers are not required to read your paper in color. The submitted manuscript should be self-contained. Inclusion of additional material (e.g., a technical report containing the detailed math proof through an anonymous Dropbox or OneDrive link) is not allowed.  
 Important Dates:  
 Abstract Due: Wednesday, July 24, 2024 (11:59pm, PDT)  
  Full Paper Due: Wednesday, July 31, 2024 (11:59pm, PDT)  
  Notification of Acceptance: Friday, December 6, 2024   
 Accepted and presented papers will be published in the IEEE INFOCOM 2025 Conference Proceedings and submitted to IEEE Xplore®. Full details regarding the submission procedures and requirements are available at https://infocom2025.ieee-infocom.org/.  
 The submission website can be accessed by following this link https://edas.info/newPaper.php?c=32265  .  
 Technical Program Chairs  
 Carla Fabiana Chiasserini (Politecnico di Torino, Italy)  
  Aaron Striegel (University of Notre Dame, USA)  
  Lei Ying (University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, USA)  
 Technical Program Vice-Chair for Information Systems  
 Huacheng Zeng (Michigan State University, USA)  

 Call For Papers [Main Conference] 
  Call For Papers [Workshops] 
  Paper Submission Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Final Paper Submission Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Final Paper Submission Instructions [Workshops] 
  Presentation and Video Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Call for Demos and Posters 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Student Travel Grant 

 Patrons  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies 

  