  

   Menu 
  Our challenges 
  Search 
    
 Accessibility 
  en 

 Research & Innovation   

 Home 
  Research and innovation 

  At Inria Chile, we work in an agile environment based on collaboration that promotes scientific excellence, development, and innovation. We always collaborate with academia and industry to meet the challenges of Chile's digital transformation of science, society, and the economy.   
   
 We support digital transformation through research and innovation!  

 R&D Lines  
   
 Our scientists, our engineers, produce knowledge, develop technologies, and focus on applications related to the main problems of our society and industry. For Inria, Chile represents the possibility of generating new knowledge and new impact applications thanks to its natural and economic specificities. In Chile, Inria works in areas such as astronomy, resilience, and mining, which make the Center a unique player in the Institute. It also applies its knowledge to economic sectors and areas of the future for both Chile and France: intelligent agriculture, biodiversity, and "frugal digital" with his research project on green artificial intelligence.  
 We frame our work in six main lines:  

 Artificial intelligence    

 Algorithmes et informatique quantiques    

 Interaction and visualization    

 Data science    

 Modeling and simulation    

 Internet of things    

 Inria's instruments for the support of research and international scientific collaboration:  
   
 Inria is sure that international collaboration and cooperation are the keys to building the society of tomorrow and responding to its challenges by generating and sharing knowledge.  

 Associate teams  
   
 It is a joint research project created between a project team in Inria France and a research team from abroad. Both project teams define a scientific objective, as well as a research program involving a bilateral exchange of knowledge. They seek to promote and develop scientific collaborations around the world. The creation and strengthening of associate teams in Chile are one of the priorities of this program articulated by Inria in Chile.  

 Find out more    

 Inria Challenges  
   
 This tool seeks to mobilize and promote the excellence of researchers and the diversity of their skills towards key common challenges. Inria Challenges have well-defined objectives and a work plan, are evaluated by international experts and have a duration of 4 years. They can involve collaborators from different institutions, from academia and-or from the industrial world. We want to promote this scientific ambition in Chile and the region.  

 Find out more    

 At Inria Chile, we have several mechanisms for association and collaboration.   

 Discover them      

 ©   
 Inria   

 Inria Startup Studio  
   
 Inria Startup Studio gives entrepreneurs the weapons to boost their Deeptech startup. In Chile, it supports the internationalization and soft-landing of technology-based startups.  

 Conoce más    

 Project Portfolio  
   
 Inria in Chile has carried out various innovation and technology transfer projects in sectors such as astronomy, mining, transport, and energy, among others. These projects have developed in collaboration with academic and industrial actors, both national and foreign.  

 Conoce más    

 On this page  

   Follow us  
 Twitter 
  Linkedin 

 Fournisseurs et partenaires  
 Contact  E-Mail  info@inria.cl 
  Phone  +56 22 5847277 
  Address  Las Condes – Santiago, Chile  Av. Apoquindo 2827, 12th floor 
   
 Pied de page  
 Sitemap 
  Cookies 
  Legal notice 
  Personal data protection (GDPR) 

 Inria in Chile and its ecosystem 
  Research and innovation 
  Collaborate with us 
  Inria Academy 
  Inria Chile Talks 
  Inria Startup Studio 
  News and events 
  Work with us 
  Journées Scientifiques 
   
 Follow us  
 Twitter 
  Linkedin 

 Sujets et enjeux  
 Artificial Intelligence 
  Data Science 
  Interaction and visualization 
  Internet of Things 
  Modeling and Simulation 
  Security and Privacy 

 Types   Event    
  News    
   
  Period     
    
 Sort by  From the newest to the oldest  The most popular     
   
  Search  Restart    

 Change contrast  Default 
  High 

 en 
  es 

  