Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope    

 The 45 th  IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (IEEE ICDCS 2025) is the premier international forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange cutting edge ideas as well as the latest findings on topics related to all aspects of distributed computing systems. The conference will be held over July 20-23 rd  , 2025 in Glasgow, Scotland, UK. We invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE ICDCS 2025.  

 Papers can be submitted to one of the following tracks:  

  Cloud Computing 

  Distributed Algorithms 

  Big Data, Models & Systems 

  Distributed Fault Tolerance 

  Distributed OS and Middleware 

  Edge Computing 

  IoT + CPS 

  Mobile Computing 

  Security, Privacy and Trust 

  Blockchains/Databases 

  Distributed Systems for AI/ML 

  AI/ML for Distributed Systems 

  Deployed/Emergent Applications & Infrastructures 

 Paper Submission   

 The Paper strand provides  the opportunity for researchers to present their new state-of-the-art research in Distributed Computing Systems, which makes, or has the potential to make, a significant contribution to the field.  

 Papers must be original and unpublished and must not be submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere. All paper submissions should follow the IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts and the IEEE Conference template (downloadable by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE-Template Selector https://template-selector.ieee.org/  ). Each submission can have up to eleven (11) pages  (including figures, tables, appendices, and references). Papers exceeding this page limit or with smaller fonts will be desk-rejected without review.  

 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information and must not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. While authors can upload their paper to institutional or other preprint repositories such as arXiv.org before reviewing is complete, we generally discourage this since it places anonymity at risk. If authors decide to upload their paper to a preprint site, they must make sure that the title and abstract of their submission to ICDCS are different from the title and abstract of the preprint version, so that it is not immediately obvious that the two versions are by the same authors and with the same content. To encourage reproducibility, we encourage the authors, whenever it is possible, to include in their paper a link to an anonymised GitHub repository with all source code, scripts and data needed for the reproduction of their results.  

 For each accepted paper, at least one author is required to pay a full author registration and attend the conference in-person to present their work on-site. Any no-show papers will be reported to the publisher and removed from the conference proceedings. For authors with multiple papers accepted by the conference, a separate author registration is required for each paper.  

 Note that the authors should adhere to ethic and professional standards of IEEE. Please refer to IEEE Code of Ethics  and IEEE Policy of AI-Generated Text.   

 Note  : A set of highly selected IEEE ICDCS 2025 papers will be considered for publication in the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS)  . The selected papers will undergo an extension process, transforming them from their initial IEEE ICDCS conference format. These extended versions will then be subject to a review by an editor from IEEE TPDS.  

 Paper Deadline Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth ( AoE  ))  

 Paper Submission Website: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcs2025  (Submission portal opens on 1 November 2024) 
 Paper Abstract Registration: | 4 December 2024   Extended to 11 December, 2024 
 Paper Submission Due: | 11 December 2024   Extended to 18 December, 2024 
 Author Notification: | 2 April 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission: | 16 April 2025 
  
 For inquiries regarding the Call for  Papers  , email: icdcs2025@easychair.org      
  
 Program Chairs   
 Songqing Chen, George Mason University, USA  
  Neeraj Suri, Lancaster University, UK   

 General Chairs   

 Christos Anagnostopoulos, University of Glasgow, UK  
  Iadh Ounis, University of Glasgow, UK  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  