IEEE Cluster 2025 
  Nav 
   
 Home 
   Submit | Papers 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Camera Ready 
   Program | Keynotes 
  Schedule 
   Sponsors & Supporters 
   Workshops 
   Students 
   Registration 
   Committees 
   Venue 
   News 
   Contact 

 Photo © University of Edinburgh  

 Call for Papers ●  Cluster 2025  

 Download the CfP Document   
 IEEE Cluster 2025 is the 27th edition of the IEEE Cluster conference series. It is being held in cooperation with SIGHPC.  
 Computing clusters remain the primary system architecture for building many of today’s rapidly evolving computing infrastructures including high-performance computing, cloud computing, machine learning training and inference systems, and big data, and are used to solve some of the most complex problems. The challenges posed making them scalable, efficient, productive, and increasingly effective require community efforts in the areas of cluster system design, advancing the capabilities of the software stack, system management and monitoring, and the design of algorithms, methods, and applications to leverage the overall infrastructure.  
 For IEEE Cluster 2025, which will be held September 2-5, 2025 in Edinburgh, United Kingdom, we again solicit high-quality original work that advances the state-of-the-art in clusters and closely related fields.  
 All papers will be rigorously peer-reviewed for their originality, technical depth and correctness, potential impact, relevance to the conference, and quality of presentation. Generally research papers must clearly demonstrate novel research contributions, however papers reporting experiences are also welcome, but they must clearly describe the lessons learned and the resulting impact, along with the utility of the approach in comparison to previous work.  
 Authors must indicate the primary topic area of their submissions from the four topic areas provided below. In addition, they may optionally rank their paper relative to the overall set of topics. Transversal and emerging topics such as AI for HPC, HPC for AI, quantum computing, accelerators, and many others, are welcome within the respective areas even if they are not mentioned explicitly. Papers are limited to 10 pages, although references do not need to fit within this page limit.  
 IEEE Cluster 2025 follows a dual-anonymous  review process. For an explanation and description of this review process, please refer to the following link: https://clustercomp.org/2025/dual_anonymous.html   
 Guidelines for Artificial Intelligence (AI)-Generated Text   
 The use of content generated by artificial intelligence (AI) in a paper (including but not limited to text, figures, images, and code) shall be disclosed in the acknowledgments section of any paper submitted to an IEEE publication. The AI system used shall be identified, and specific sections of the paper that use AI-generated content shall be identified and accompanied by a brief explanation regarding the level at which the AI system was used to generate the content.  
 The use of AI systems for editing and grammar enhancement is common practice and, as such, is generally outside the intent of the above policy. In this case, disclosure as noted above is recommended.  
 Please also refer to the IEEE Submission Policies   
 Area 1: Application, Algorithms, and Libraries   
 HPC and Big Data application studies on large-scale clusters 
  Applications at the boundary of HPC and Big Data 
  New applications for converged HPC/Big Data clusters 
  Application-level performance and energy modeling and measurement 
  Novel algorithms on clusters 
  Hybrid programming techniques in applications and libraries (e.g., MPI+X) 
  Cluster benchmarks 
  Application-level libraries on clusters 
  Effective use of clusters in novel applications 
  Performance evaluation tools 
  Area 2: Architecture, Network/Communications, and Management   
 Node and system architecture for HPC and Big Data clusters 
  Architecture for converged HPC/Big Data clusters 
  Energy-efficient cluster architectures 
  Packaging, power and cooling 
  Accelerators, reconfigurable and domain-specific hardware 
  Heterogeneous clusters 
  Interconnect/memory architectures 
  Single system/distributed image clusters 
  Administration, monitoring and maintenance tools 
  Area 3: Programming and System Software   
 Cluster system software/operating systems 
  Programming models for converged HPC/Big Data/Machine Learning systems 
  System software supporting the convergence of HPC, Big Data, and Machine Learning processing 
  Cloud-enabling cluster technologies and virtualization 
  Energy-efficient middleware 
  Cluster system-level protocols and APIs 
  Cluster security 
  Management of local, center-wide and disaggregate resources and job 
  Programming and software development environments on clusters 
  Fault tolerance and high-availability 
  Administration, monitoring and maintenance tools 
  Area 4: Data, Storage, and Visualization   
 Cluster architectures for Big Data storage and processing 
  Middleware for Big Data management 
  Cluster-based cloud architectures for Big Data 
  Storage systems supporting the convergence of HPC and Big Data processing 
  File systems and I/O libraries 
  Support and integration of non-volatile memory 
  Visualization clusters and tiled displays 
  Big Data/Large scale visualization tools 
  Big Data application studies on cluster architectures 
  Paper Submission   
 Submissions must be in PDF format and must conform to the following Xplore layout, page limit, and font size, that is; single-spaced, 2-column numbered pages in IEEE format (8.5x11-inch paper, margins in inches – top: 0.75, bottom: 1.0, sides:0.625, and between columns:0.25, main text: 10pt). 
  Submissions are required to be no more than 10 pages (excluding references). 
  Submissions must be single-spaced, 2-column numbered pages in IEEE Xplore format (8.5x11-inch paper, margins in inches – top: 0.75, bottom: 1.0, sides:0.625, and between columns:0.25, main text: 10pt). 
  Papers will be reviewed dual-anonymous. Author names and affiliations should NOT be included in the submitted paper. For additional guidelines read the | double anonymous review policy 
  LaTeX and Word Templates are available | here 
  Important Dates   
 Submission site open: February 3, 2025 
  Full Papers due: April 5, 2025 
  Paper Acceptance Notification: June 5, 2025 
  Camera-ready deadline: August 6, 2025 
  Conference: September 2--5, 2025 
  All deadlines are | Anywhere on Earth (AoE) 
  Contact   
 Program Co-Chairs   
 Adrian Jackson, EPCC, University of Edinburgh, United Kingdom 
  Toni Peña, Barcelona Supercomputing Centre, Spain 
  Complete committee list is available here   

     
   
 About This Site  
 Website for IEEE Cluster 2025.  
  The latest news is also shown in Twitter/ieeecluster   
  More ›   
   
 Services  
  Contact 
  Atom 
  sitemap.xml 
    
 Related Links  
 IEEE Home 
  IEEE Cluster 2024 
  IEEE Cluster Steering Committee 
  IEEE Cluster Conference Series 
  IEEE Computer Society 
  IEEE Policy Statements 

 Created with ♥ by Phlow  with Jekyll  based on Feeling Responsive  .  

  