Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
       
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Welcome 
  How to Join | CNOM Policies & Procedures 
  Officers | CNOM Subcommittees 
  Past Officers 
  Officer candidates June 2023 – June 2025 
  Meetings 
  Conferences | Steering Committees 
  Journals 
  Awards | CNOM Best Paper Award 
  CNOM Test of Time Paper Award 
  CNOM Young Professional Award 
  SIGs | ANT 
  ARMS 
  Ethical-FNDI 
  SNO 
  Resources | Taxonomy 
  Companies and Products 
  Consortia 
  Standards 

 Rewarding Deserving CNOM Members  
 Beyond the scientific activities, CNOM’s scope includes nomination of deserving members for awards. The CNOM Best Paper Award is given to deserving and outstanding papers that have been published during the previous two years in conferences supported by CNOM. Individual CNOM members can make suggestions for such nominations at any point in time by sending an email to the award committee chair ( cfung@vcu.edu  ). The award committee members will review each suggestion and support a nomination as appropriate. The call for nominations will be announced through the CNOM mailing list.  
 CNOM Best Paper Award  
 The recipients of the CNOM TC Best Paper Award award are:  
 2024: Manca, Lorenzo, Davide Borsatti, Filippo Poltronieri, Mattia Zaccarini, Domenico Scotece, Gianluca Davoli, Luca Foschini et al. | Characterization of Microservice Response Time in Kubernetes: A Mixture Density Network Approach. | 19th International Conference on Network and Service Management (CNSM 2023). 
  2023: Mayer, Andrea, Lorenzo Bracciale, Paolo Lungaroni, Pierpaolo Loreti, Stefano Salsano, and Giuseppe Bianchi. | eBPF Programming Made Easy with eCLAT. | 18th International Conference on Network and Service Management (CNSM 2022). 
  2022: Ding, Damu, Marco Savi, and Domenico Siracusa. | Estimating logarithmic and exponential functions to track network traffic entropy in P4 | . NOMS 2020-2020 IEEE/IFIP Network Operations and Management Symposium. IEEE, 2020. 
  2021: Abbas Abou Daya, Mohammad A. Salahuddin, Noura Limam and Raouf Boutaba (University of Waterloo, Canada). | A Graph-Based Machine Learning Approach for Bot Detection | . | 16th IFIP/IEEE International symposium on Integrated Network Management (IM 2019) 
  2020: Farnaz Moradi (Ericsson Research), Rolf Stadler (KTH The Royal Institute of Technology), and Andreas Johnsson (Ericsson Research). | Performance Prediction in Dynamic Clouds using Transfer Learning, | 16th IFIP/IEEE Symposium on Integrated Network and Service Management (IM 2019) 
   
 Award Committee  
 The current committee members are:  
 Carol Fung, Concordia University, Canada – Chair 
  Young-Tak Kim, Yeungnam University, Korea 
  Pal Varga, Budapest University of Technology and Economics, Hungary 
  Weverton Cordeiro, UFRGS, Brazil 
  Mauro Tortonesi, University of Ferrara, Italy 
  Nominations  
 Deadline  
 March 29, 2024 
  Eligibility  
 1. Only papers that have been published in conferences, held during 2022 and 2023, and supported by CNOM  , are eligible.  
 2. Self-nominations are accepted.  
 3. The TPC chairs of events supported or endorsed by the CNOM are encouraged to nominate papers. Nominations must be submitted by email to cfung@vcu.edu  with subject line “ComSoc CNOM Best Paper Award Nomination” and should include the following data:  
 Title of Paper: 
  Author List: 
  Author contact info (email address only): 
  Conference where published: 
  DOI link if available: 
  Nominee name and email address: 
  4. Include as attachment to the email:  
 A PDF copy of the paper 
  A nomination justification providing the rationale for the nomination (this can be in the body of the email). 
  If possible, reviewers’ reports of the paper (PDF or text) 
  5. The award committee members may also conduct their own assessment to identify additional potential candidate papers.  

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  Terms and Conditions 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top     
  