Toggle navigation       COCOON 2024    
    
 Conference | Conference Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Education Workshop 
  Competition Workshop 
  Conference Venue 
  Online Proceedings 
  Author Information | Call for Papers 
  Camera-Ready Submission 
  Registration 
  Student Travel Grant 
  Accepted Papers 
  Awards 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Conference Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  Sponsors 
  Ceremony | Conference History 
  Memoir 
  Reception (Cruise) 
  Contribution Award 
  Conference Photos 
  Opening Video 
  Banquet 
  Contact Us 

 Call for Papers  
 The 30th International Computing and Combinatorics Conference (COCOON 2024) will be held in Shanghai, China during August 23-25, 2024. Original research papers in the areas of algorithms, theory of computation, computational complexity, and combinatorics related to computing are solicited. In addition to theoretical results, we are particularly interested in submissions that report on experimental and applied research of general algorithmic interest. Special consideration will be given to research that is motivated by real-world problems. Experimental and applied papers are expected to show convincingly the usefulness and efficiency of the algorithms discussed in a practical setting.  
 Topics of interest  
 The topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Algorithms and Data Structures 
  Algorithmic Game Theory and Online Algorithms 
  Automata, Languages, Logic, and Computability 
  Combinatorics Related to Algorithms and Complexity 
  Complexity Theory 
  Computational Learning Theory and Knowledge Discovery 
  Cryptography, Reliability, Security, and Database Theory 
  Computational Biology and Bioinformatics 
  Computational Algebra, Geometry, and Number Theory 
  Graph Drawing and Information Visualization 
  Communication Networks, and Optimization 
  Parallel and Distributed Computing 
  We particularly encourage submissions in emerging topics of high importance such as algorithms, data structures, machine learning, quantum computing, computational social science, blockchain, cyber-physical systems, bio-inspired computing, and human-computer interaction.  
 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission Due: | Apr. 1, 2024 (AoE) | Apr. 8, 2024 (AoE) 
  Author Notification: May. 25, 2024 (AoE) 
  Camera-Ready: Jun.10, 2024 (AoE) 
  Conference Date: Aug.23 - Aug.25, 2024 
  *All deadlines expire on 23:59 AoE (UTC - 12) Paper Submission  
 The conference proceedings of COCOON 2024 will be published by Springer in Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). The submission should contain scholarly exposition of ideas, techniques, and results, including the motivation and a clear comparison with related work. The length of the submission should not exceed 12 pages in LNCS style (including references, but excluding the optional appendix).  
 Submitted papers must describe work not previously published. They must not be submitted simultaneously to any other conference with refereed proceedings or to journals. We regard the following case as a simultaneous submission. Submission of drafts which contain the essentially same results from papers under review in other conferences or journals at the moment of the submission. Only electronic PDF submission will be allowed via the Springer Online Conference System. Please check conference webpage for more details.  
 The submitted papers will be reviewed in a double-blind peer review manner.  
 The submission server is now available at https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/cocoon2024  .  

 Publication & Special Issues   

 Sponsors   

 Organizations   

  