MENU    2025 11th International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies 

 You are here:  Home   Call For Papers    
   
 CoDIT 2025 Menu  
 Welcome 
  Scope and Topics 
  Call For Papers 
  Key Dates 
  Submission 
  SPECIAL SESSIONS 
  Committees 
  KEYNOTE SPEAKERS 
  REGISTRATION 
  Publications 
  ACCOMMODATION & VENUE 

 CALL FOR PAPERS  

  Call for Contributed Papers     
 All papers must be written in English and should describe original work.    
 All registered and presented papers ( Regular and Short-WiP  ) will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore as well as other Abstracting and Indexing (A&I) databases.    
 Regular papers: 
  The length of the paper is limited to a maximum of 6 pages (in the standard IEEE conference double-column format   ).  Registered and presented regular papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore   as well as other Abstracting and Indexing (A&I) databases.    
 Papers will be refereed through a blind process for technical merit and content. To be eligible for publication in the Conference proceedings, an accepted paper must be presented at the Conference by one of the authors. You can send your work as a regular paper or send it to one of the accepted special sessions. Papers should be submitted  before February 07, 2025.     
 Short papers (Work-in-  Progress / WiP): 
  The length of WiP  paper is limited to a maximum of 4. pages. At most 8 references can be included.   
 WiP (short papers) contributors  are expected to give a short presentation of their work (10 mn).    
     Click on the icon to download the Call For Papers (.pdf)     

  Templates for Authors     
  The submitted papers should follow the usual IEEE paper format for conferences (two-columns, 10 point, Times New Roman).   
 For your convenience, templates are available for:   
 LaTeX  , and 
  MS Word  . 
   Call for Special Sessions    
  The goal of special sessions (5-6 papers) and special tracks (at least two sessions) is to provide focused discussions on new topics or innovative applications. Each prospective session/track organizer must submit a proposal, including the title of the session, a short description, and the organizer's name. Please contact us as soon as possible to help you in the organization of your special session.    
 All submitted papers undergo the same review process, and submission to proposed sessions is not a guarantee of acceptance.    
 To submit your proposal, please fill in the form inside the following MS Word file, convert it as PDF, and upload the generated PDF to the PaperCept Conference Management System at:    
 https://controls.papercept.net/conferences/scripts/start.pl  (    click on the CoDIT 2024 link “Submit a special session to CoDIT 2024” and follow the steps.)   
 The proposals should be submitted before  December 15, 2023   January 28, 2024 (extended)   .    
 Click on the icon to download the template   .    

 1111   

 © 2024 - 2024 www.codit2024.com - All Rights Reserved.   
   
  