    Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Zhumu Guide for Participants 
  Full Program with Abstracts 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Submission 
  Calls | SITN workshop 
  Workshop on Data-driven Fault Diagnosis with Collaborative Computing 
  Call for Papers 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Zhumu Guide for Participants 
  Full Program with Abstracts 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Submission 
  Calls | SITN workshop 
  Workshop on Data-driven Fault Diagnosis with Collaborative Computing 
  Call for Papers 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 Participate online from wherever you are  
 EAI CollaborateCom  2021 will be held as  a fully-fledged online conference   .   
   In 2020, EAI successfully launched an online conference format to ensure the safety  , comfort,  and quality of experience for attendees  and a successful course of the events  , all while retaining fully live interaction  , publication,  and indexing.  Due to the unrelenting global pandemic, this will also be the case in 2021.  
  All matters related to publication and indexing will remain unchanged.  Learn more about EAI’s online conferences here   .  
 If you are a registered author, please read carefully: Paper Presentation Instructions   .  

  CollaborateCom authors have enjoyed over 260.000     downloads  and 3100+     citations    
  Workshop submission is open until 12th September!   
    
 We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper   
 Submit paper   

  Keynotes light   
 Keynote speaker   

 Prof. Jie Wu    

 Prof. Dan Feng    

 Title: Crowdsourcing as a Future Collaborative Computing Paradigm   

 Title: Software Optimization for Open-Channel Solid State Drives  

 Call for papers light w/ Springer   
 Workshops open until 12th September    
   
 Indexed in   
   
 Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef,  
  Google Scholar, DBLP, and more.   
   
 Publication   
   
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal [IF: 3.426 (2020)]    
   
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Collaborative Computing    
   
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (ESCI & Ei Compendex)    
   
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series    
   
 Learn more   

 Publishing partner   

 COVID-19   
 EAI is actively monitoring the COVID-19 situation to ensure the safety, comfort  
  and quality of experience for attendees  and a successful course of the event  .  

 EAI is committed to holding the conference in 2021 and Accepted Authors who  
  are unable to attend the event in person will be given an option to present their submission online  . In case the situation prevents the event from taking place in its original location, it will be held fully in an interactive, live online setting  . Find out what EAI conference live streams look like and discover unique benefits that online participation brings you: Learn more    

 All matters related to publication  and indexing will remain unchanged  .  

 Accepted Authors will be notified about the final decision regarding  
  the conference setting before the Camera-ready deadline.  

 EAI light   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Paper Submission is now open for the 17th edition of CollaborateCom! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of CollaborateCom here  .    
 CollaborateCom 2021 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  Proceedings   
 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  ( Part I   and  Part II   ).  

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library  .  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing  services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal [IF: 3.426 (2020)] 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Collaborative Computing (Open Access) 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) | – indexed in | ESCI | & | Ei Compendex 
  Engineering reports 
  Expert System 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series 

  Topics   
 General Track   
 Architectures, protocols, and enabling technologies for collaborative computing networks and systems 
  Collaboration in social media 
  Collaborative e-education, e-learning, and collaborative computing in large scale digital libraries 
  Collaborative information seeking 
  Collaborative mobile networks and infrastructures 
  Collaborative technologies for fast creation and deployment of new mobile services 
  Collaborative, context-aware infrastructure 
  Computer supported collaborative work with distributed systems 
  Energy management for collaborative networks 
  Methodologies and tools for design and analysis of collaborative user applications 
  Models and mechanisms for real-time collaboration 
  Peer-to-peer and overlay networks, systems, and applications 
  Simulation, performance evaluation, experiments, and case studies of collaborative networks and applications 
  Software design, testing, and experimentation technology for collaborative networking and applications 
  Theoretical foundations and algorithms for collaborative networks, applications, and worksharing 
  Tools for collaborative decision making processes 
  Visualization techniques, interaction devices and visual languages for collaborative networks and applications 
  Track 1: Internet of Things (IoT) and collaboration   
 Collaboration in pervasive and cloud computing environments 
  Collaborative sensor networks, unmanned air and ground vehicle networks and applications 
  Collaborative, location-aware mobile systems/applications 
  Cyber-physical systems 
  Collaboration in health-care environments 
  Participatory sensing, crowdsourcing, and citizen science 
  Track 2: Collaborative Robotics and Autonomous Systems   
 Agri-robotics 
  Autonomous Systems 
  Chronorobotics and long-term autonomy 
  Control systems 
  Human-robot Interaction 
  Machine intelligence 
  Mechatronics 
  Medical Robotics 
  Mobile Robots 
  Multi-robot Systems 
  Robot Ethics 
  Social and Service Robotics 
  Swarms Robotics 
  System autonomy 
  Unmanned Systems 
  Track 3: Collaboration with artificial intelligence   
 Autonomic computing and quality of services in collaborative networks, systems, and applications 
  Group-driven composition of systems from components 
  Human-centric ubiquitous collaboration 
  Human-robot collaboration 
  Multi-agent technology and software technologies for collaborative networking and applications 

  About CollaborateCom 2021   
 Throughout the year 2020, people around the world have witnessed the spreading of Covid-19 pandemic and the life losses at every corner of the world. The pandemic has changed the way people work, live and socialize with friends and family members. In order to support the change, new technologies and facilities are required to facilities people’s need, including how collaborative computing is designed and implemented. The theme of this year’s conference is “Collaboration for the Changing World”  . New technologies, particularly non-contact communication, networking and worksharing technologies are encouraged to be investigated and disseminated in the academic and industry sectors. This would allow the professionals and industry to provide new solutions to support the medical care, smart manufacturing, intelligent logistics, legally sharing of data, and wisely use of unmanned vehicles to deliver the services to the points of needs.  
 The 17th International Conference on Collaborative Computing (CollaborateCom 2021) will be held in Suzhou, China  , and will continue to serve as a premier international forum for discussion among academic and industrial researchers, practitioners, and students interested in collaborative networking, technology and systems, and applications.  
 Suzhou is famous for her artistic design of gardens and an international hub of intelligent manufacturing. She is ranked one of the top ten cities in the world leading the way to Industry 4.0. Suzhou is also a historical city in China with 2500 years history. It is called the paradise city of China, along with Hangzhou. It is the host of dozens of higher education institutions. It is a city with collaboration opportunities and plenty of resources for individual and family leisure.  
 Welcome to CollaborateCom 2021! Welcome to Suzhou!  

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates  
 Final Submission deadline   
  30 August 2021   
  Final Notification deadline   
  13 September 2021  
  Final Camera-ready deadline   
  27 September 2021  
   
 Previous CollaborateCom editions  
 2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – London, Great Britain  
  2018  – Shanghai, People’s Republic of China  
  2017  – Edinburgh, Great Britain  
  2016  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Wuhan, People’s Republic of China  
  2014  – Miami, Florida, United States  
  2013  – Austin, Texas, United States  
  2012  – Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States  
  2011  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
  2010  – Chicago, Illinois, United States  
  2009  – Washington, Washington D.C., United States  
  2008  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
  2007  – New York City, New York, United States  
  2006  – Atlanta, Georgia, United States  
  2005  – San Jose, California, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
   
  EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2021 CollaborateCom | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
   