    Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Zhumu Guide for participants 
  Program | Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  Registration 
  For authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  PAPER PRESENTATION RECORDING INSTRUCTIONS 
  Submission 
  Smart Submit – Early Abstract Submission 
  Calls | SITN Workshop 
  CollaborateNet Workshop 
  Collaborative Robotics and Autonomous Systems Track 
  Internet of Things Track 
  Call for Papers 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Zhumu Guide for participants 
  Program | Full Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  Registration 
  For authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  PAPER PRESENTATION RECORDING INSTRUCTIONS 
  Submission 
  Smart Submit – Early Abstract Submission 
  Calls | SITN Workshop 
  CollaborateNet Workshop 
  Collaborative Robotics and Autonomous Systems Track 
  Internet of Things Track 
  Call for Papers 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI CollaborateCom 2020 will be held as a fully-fledged online conference  .   
 Due to the safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19, EAI CollaborateCom 2020 will take place online in a live stream.  
  Participants will still be able to enjoy unique interactive benefits – learn more   .  
  If you are a registered author, please read carefully: Paper Presentation Instructions   .  

 October 16-18, 2020  
  Shanghai, PRC  Cyberspace  
  Thank you for participating in CollaborateCom 2020!  We look forward to meeting you next year in Suzhou, China  on October 15-17, 2021.   
 Watch the full recording of the EAI CollaborateCom 2020 livestream    
  and get involved  in the next edition!   
   
 Next edition   

  Call for papers white w/ Springer   
 Late track until 15th Aug    

  Indexed in   
   
 Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef,  
  Google Scholar, DBLP, and more.   

  Publication   
   
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.602)    
   
 International Journal of Intelligent Internet of Things Computing    
   
 Learn more   

 Publishing partner   

 EAI white   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Smart Submit white   
 CollaborateCom 2020 Smart Submit    
   
 Start early and make your article the best it can be  
  for CollaborateCom 2020! Submit an Early Abstract via  
  EAI's Smart Submit and:   
   
 Get a pre-review with invaluable feedback  
  Find mentors  
  Find co-authors  
  Find out if your research resonates   
   
 Learn more    

 CollaborateCom authors have enjoyed over 213.000  paper downloads  
   and best CollaborateCom paper   is currently at 94  citations  and counting!   

 Paper Submission is now open for the 16th edition of CollaborateCom! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of CollaborateCom here  .    
 CollaborateCom 2020 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  

 Find mentors and co-authors for your work-in-progress research  
 → Smart Submit   

 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review  
 → Community Review   

 Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition  
 → EAI Index   

  Proceedings   
 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  ( Part I   and  Part II   ).  

  Publication   
 All accepted and presented papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 CollaborateCom proceedings are indexed  in leading indexing services, including Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).  
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to  
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.602) 
  International Journal of Intelligent Internet of Things Computing 
  And are also eligible for publication in:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing book series 

  Topics   
 The works that will be presented at conference will focus on the following topics:  
 Architectures, protocols, and enabling technologies for collaborative computing networks and systems 
  Collaboration in social media 
  Collaborative e-education, e-learning, and collaborative computing in large scale digital libraries 
  Collaborative information seeking 
  Collaborative mobile networks and infrastructures 
  Collaborative technologies for fast creation and deployment of new mobile services 
  Collaborative, context-aware infrastructure 
  Computer supported collaborative work with distributed systems 
  Energy management for collaborative networks 
  Methodologies and tools for design and analysis of collaborative user applications 
  Models and mechanisms for real-time collaboration 
  Peer-to-peer and overlay networks, systems, and applications 
  Simulation, performance evaluation, experiments, and case studies of collaborative networks and applications 
  Software design, testing, and experimentation technology for collaborative networking and applications 
  Theoretical foundations and algorithms for collaborative networks, applications, and worksharing 
  Tools for collaborative decision making processes 
  Visualization techniques, interaction devices and visual languages for collaborative networks and applications 
  Internet of Things (IoT) and collaboration 
  Collaborative Data and Workflow Management 
  Collaboration with artificial intelligence 
  Security and Trustworthy 

  About CollaborateCom 2020   
 Over the last two decades, many organizations and individuals have relied on electronic collaboration between distributed teams of humans, computer applications, and/or autonomous robots to achieve higher productivity and produce joint products that would have been impossible to develop without the contributions of multiple collaborators. Technology has evolved from standalone tools, to open systems supporting collaboration in multi-organizational settings, and from general-purpose tools to specialized collaboration grids. Future collaboration solutions that fully realize the promises of electronic collaboration require advancements in networking, technology and systems, user interfaces and interaction paradigms, and interoperation with application-specific components and tools.  
 The 16th International Conference on Collaborative Computing (CollaborateCom 2020) will be held in Shanghai, People’s Republic of China, and will continue to serve as a premier international forum for discussion among academic and industrial researchers, practitioners, and students interested in collaborative networking, technology and systems, and applications.  

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates  
 Loading important dates.   
   
 Late track Paper Submission deadline   
  16 August 2020  
  Late track Notification deadline  
   7 September 2020   
  Camera-ready deadline   
  16 September 2020  
  Start of Conference   
  16 October 2020  
  End of Conference   
  18 October 2020  
   
 Previous CollaborateCom editions  
 2019  – London, Great Britain  
  2018  – Shanghai, People’s Republic of China  
  2017  – Edinburgh, Great Britain  
  2016  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Wuhan, People’s Republic of China  
  2014  – Miami, Florida, United States  
  2013  – Austin, Texas, United States  
  2012  – Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States  
  2011  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
  2010  – Chicago, Illinois, United States  
  2009  – Washington, Washington D.C., United States  
  2008  – Orlando, Florida, United States  
  2007  – New York City, New York, United States  
  2006  – Atlanta, Georgia, United States  
  2005  – San Jose, California, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
   
  EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2020 CollaborateCom | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
   