Skip to content    

 Search for:      

 Home 
  Panel Sessions 
  Call for Papers 
  Information for Authors 
  Organizers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  All Symposia | Software Engineering Technologies & Applications 
  Autonomous Systems 
  Smart IoT Systems & Applications 
  IT in Practice 
  Security, Privacy & Trust in Computing 
  Smart & Connected Health 
  Networks, Communications, Internet & Web Technologies 
  Mobile, Wearable & Ubiquitous Computing 
  Human Computing & Social Computing 
  Emerging Advances in Technology & Applications 
  Data Sciences, Analytics & Technologies 
  Computing Education & Learning Technologies 
  Computer Architecture & Platforms 

 Search for:      

 Call for Papers  lming    2024-07-02T16:40:36+00:00    
  
 Important Dates   
 Workshop proposals due   
   
  October 15, 2024  UPDATED: November 1, 2024  
 Workshop proposal notification   
  November 15  
 Full symposium papers due   
  January 31, 2025  
 Symposium paper notification   
  April 7, 2025  
 Workshop papers due   
  April 15, 2025  
 Workshop papers notification   
  May 1, 2025  
 Camera-ready copy   
  June 1, 2025  

 Call for Papers  
 COMPSAC 2025: Harnessing the Power of Intelligent Systems: Shaping the Future  
   
 The field of computing is rapidly evolving, driven by groundbreaking advancements in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data analytics. At the forefront of this transformation lie intelligent systems, poised to revolutionize industries and societies. The 2025 IEEE COMPSAC conference in Toronto will be a global forum to explore intelligent systems’ latest breakthroughs and applications across diverse domains. From autonomous vehicles and smart cities to personalized healthcare and sustainable energy solutions, intelligent systems are pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. Innovative software and hardware architectures are underpinning these systems, enabling the robust, scalable, and efficient execution of complex algorithms and models. Distributed systems, edge computing paradigms, and heterogeneous computing platforms are vital to realizing the full potential of intelligent systems.  
 This conference invites researchers, practitioners, and visionaries to share their insights, innovations, and experiences in developing and deploying intelligent systems that address real-world challenges. Emerging technologies such as quantum computing and blockchain will also be highlighted, as they hold the potential to unlock new frontiers in computing and engineering by enabling more powerful simulations, secure data sharing, and resilient systems.  
 The 49th IEEE International Conference on Computers, Software, and Applications (COMPSAC 2025) will be held in Toronto, Canada on July 8-11, 2025. The conference theme is Harnessing the Power of Intelligent Systems: Shaping the Future. Intelligent Systems at COMPSAC 2025 will focus on research and development of computing technologies for their eventual integration into all aspects of society. COMPSAC 2025 will bring together researchers, developers, practitioners, and policymakers worldwide to discuss the latest advances in their fields and their challenges.  

 Page load link    
 Go to Top    
  