  

 academic conferences international   

 Skip to navigation  Skip to content    Search for:           
 Navigation  Home 
  ICCWS 
  Call for Papers 
  Submissions | Submission Information 
  Submit an Abstract 
  Abstracts Selected 
  Programme 
  Committee | Committee List 
  Biographies 
  Apply to Join a Commitee 
  Registration | Registration Information 
  Practical Information 
  Conferences 
  Seminars 
  Docs 
    
 Home 
  Academic Conferences – About Us 
  Academic Publishing | Call for Chapters 
  Conference Proceedings Archive 
  Cyber Links 
  Dissertations 
  The University of the Future 
  Accreditations and Listings 
  Conferences | Apply to Join a Commitee 
  ECCWS | ECCWS Abstract Submission 
  ECCWS Abstracts Selected 
  ECCWS Biographies 
  ECCWS Call for Papers | ECCWS Mini Tracks 
  ECCWS Submission Topics 
  ECCWS Committee 
  ECCWS Future and Past 
  ECCWS Keynote Speaker Outlines 
  ECCWS Practical Information 
  ECCWS Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ECCWS Programme 
  ECCWS Registration 
  ECEL | ECEL Abstract Submission 
  ECEL Abstracts Selected 
  ECEL Awards Submission 
  ECEL Biographies 
  ECEL Call for Papers | ECEL Mini Tracks 
  ECEL Submission Topics 
  ECEL Committee 
  ECEL Future and Past 
  ECEL Keynote Speaker Outlines 
  ECEL Practical Information 
  ECEL Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ECEL Programme 
  ECEL Registration 
  The 11th e-Learning Excellence Awards at ECEL 2025 
  ECGBL | ECGBL 2016 Abstracts Selected 
  ECGBL 2024 Playday 
  ECGBL Abstract submissions 
  ECGBL Abstracts Selected 
  ECGBL Biographies 
  ECGBL Call for Papers | ECGBL Mini Tracks 
  ECGBL Submission Topics 
  ECGBL Committee 
  ECGBL Future and Past 
  ECGBL Keynote Speaker Outlines 
  ECGBL Practical Information 
  ECGBL Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ECGBL Programme 
  ECGBL Registration 
  The 13th International Educational Games Competition at ECGBL 2025 | ECGBL Games Submission 
  ECIE | ECIE Abstract Submission 
  ECIE Abstracts Selected 
  ECIE Abstracts selected 
  ECIE Awards submission 
  ECIE Biographies 
  ECIE Call for Papers | ECIE Mini Tracks 
  ECIE Submission Topics 
  ECIE Committee 
  ECIE Future and Past 
  ECIE Keynote Speaker Outlines 
  ECIE Practical Information 
  ECIE Programme 
  ECIE Registration 
  ECIE Workshop 
  ECIE Workshop 
  The 11th Innovation & Entrepreneurship Teaching Excellence Awards at ECIE 2025 
  ECIIC 
  ECISM 
  ECKM | ECKM 2022 
  ECKM Abstract Submission 
  ECKM Abstracts Selected 
  ECKM Biographies 
  ECKM Call for Papers | ECKM Mini tracks 
  ECKM Submission Topics 
  ECKM Committee 
  ECKM Future and Past 
  ECKM Keynote Speaker Outlines 
  ECKM Keynote Speakers 
  ECKM Practical Information 
  ECKM Programme 
  ECKM Registration 
  ECKM Workshops 
  The 10th Knowledge Management and Intellectual Capital Excellence Awards at ECKM | ECKM Awards Submission 
  ECMLG | ECMLG Abstract Submission | ECMLG Abstracts Selected 
  ECMLG Abstracts Selected 
  ECMLG Biographies 
  ECMLG Call for Papers | ECMLG Mini Tracks 
  ECMLG Submission Topics 
  ECMLG Committee 
  ECMLG Future and Past 
  ECMLG Keynote Outlines 
  ECMLG Practical Information 
  ECMLG Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ECMLG Programme 
  ECMLG Registration 
  ECRM | Combined ECRM & ECKM Registration 
  ECRM Abstract Submission 
  ECRM Abstracts Selected 
  ECRM Biographies 
  ECRM Call for Papers | ECRM Mini Tracks 
  ECRM Submission Topics 
  ECRM Committee 
  ECRM Future and Past 
  ECRM Keynote Speakers 
  ECRM Practical Information 
  ECRM Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ECRM Programme 
  ECRM Registration 
  The 10th Innovation in Teaching of Research Methodology Excellence Awards at ECRM 2025 | The Innovation in Teaching of Research Methodology Excellence Awards – Submission 
  ECSM | ECSM 2016 Keynote Speakers 
  ECSM Abstract Submission 
  ECSM Abstracts Selected 
  ECSM Biographies 
  ECSM Call for Papers | ECSM Mini Track 
  ECSM Submission Topics 
  ECSM Committee 
  ECSM Future and Past 
  ECSM Keynote Speaker and Panel Outlines 
  ECSM Practical Information 
  ECSM Programme 
  ECSM Registration 
  ECSM Workshop 
  The 3rd Social Media in Practice Excellence Awards 2021 
  Exhibition and Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Exhibition and Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ICAIR | ECIAIR Keynote Speaker and Panel Outlines 
  ECIAIR Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ICAIR Abstract Submission 
  ICAIR Biographies 
  ICAIR Call for Papers | ICAIR Mini Tracks 
  ICAIR Committee 
  ICAIR Practical Information 
  ICAIR Programme 
  ICAIR Registration 
  ICIAIR Abstracts Selected 
  ICIAIR Future and Past 
  ICCWS | ICCWS Abstract Submission | ICCWS Abstracts Selected 
  ICCWS Biographies 
  ICCWS Call for Papers | ICCWS Mini Tracks 
  ICCWS Submission Topics 
  ICCWS Committee 
  ICCWS Documents 
  ICCWS Future and Past 
  ICCWS Keynote Speaker Outlines 
  ICCWS Keynote Speakers 
  ICCWS Practical Information 
  ICCWS Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ICCWS Programme 
  ICCWS Registration 
  ICEL 
  ICER | ICER Abstract Submission 
  ICER Abstracts Selected 
  ICER Biographies 
  ICER Call for Papers | ICER Mini Tracks 
  ICER Committee 
  ICER Future and Past 
  ICER Keynote Speaker Outlines 
  ICER Practical Information 
  ICER Programme 
  ICER Registration 
  ICGR | ICGR Abstract Submission 
  ICGR Biographies 
  ICGR Call for Papers | ICGR Abstracts Selected 
  ICGR Mini Tracks 
  ICGR Submission Topics 
  ICGR Committee 
  ICGR Future and Past 
  ICGR Keynote Outlines 
  ICGR Practical Information 
  ICGR Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ICGR Programme 
  ICGR Registration 
  ICICKM 
  ICIE | ICIE Abstract Submission 
  ICIE Abstracts Selected 
  ICIE Biographies 
  ICIE Call for Papers | ICIE Mini Tracks 
  ICIE Submission Topics 
  ICIE Committee 
  ICIE Future and Past 
  ICIE Keynote and Panel Outlines 
  ICIE Practical Information 
  ICMLG 
  ICTR | ICTR Abstract Submission 
  ICTR Abstracts Selected 
  ICTR Biographies 
  ICTR Call for Papers | ICTR Mini Tracks 
  ICTR Submission Topics 
  ICTR Committee List 
  ICTR Future and Past 
  ICTR Keynote Outlines 
  ICTR Practical Information 
  ICTR Pre-Conference Workshops 
  ICTR Programme 
  ICTR Registration 
  Proofreading Services 
  Publishers Opportunities 
  Stay Informed 
  Submission Information 
  Conferences 2017 
  Contact Us 
  Downloads 
  Dr Dan Remenyi 
  e-Journals 
  Journal Upload 
  Links Page Tutorial 
  My Account 
  Newsletter 
  No Access 
  PDFs 
  Policies | Abstract Guidelines for Papers 
  Academic Conferences Privacy Policy 
  Conference Cancellation Policy 
  Covid-19 Update – March 2021 
  Ethics Policy for Publishing in the Conference Proceedings of Academic Conferences International Limited 
  Presentation Guidelines 
  Review Policy 
  Style Guidelines for Conference Papers 
  Terms and Conditions of Website Usage 
  Visa Information | Visa Information Form 
  Publication Opportunities 
  Sorry the page you are looking for is no longer available 
  Symposia | 2nd Symposium on AI Opportunities and Challenges (SAIOC) | AI in Education Excellence Awards 
  Symposium on AI Opportunities and Challenges (SAIOC) Biographies 
  Table Press Problems 
  test 
  The Social Media in Practice Excellance Awards Submission 
  Webinars | Academic Authors’ Boot Camp 
  Academic Writing using AI 
  AI-Chatbots in Academic Research and Teaching 
  Critical Interpretivism 
  Delphi Studies for Academic Research 
  Game Based Learning through Escape Rooms in Education 
  Game Based Learning through Escape Rooms in Education 
  GenAI 7 Key Issues to be aware of 
  High-impact research for Academic Career Success 
  Navigating Bias in AI-Chatbots 
  Qualitative Comparative Analysis 
  Qualitative Data Analysis using Excel 
  Reflection and Reflexivity 
  Systematic Literature Reviews (SLR) 
  The very last leg of your doctorate 
  The very last leg of your doctorate 
  Theory Generation for Academic Research 
  Unlocking Educational Escape Room Design with GenAI 
  Unpacking the Research Process: A Comprehensive Guide to Grounded Theory in Academic Research 
  Your Viva Voce or Doctoral Defence: Tips, Strategies and Best Practices 
    
 Search for:         

 Supporting the academic community for over 20 years  

 Home  / Conferences  / ICCWS  / ICCWS Call for Papers   
 ICCWS Call for Papers  

 Academic Papers 
  Case Studies 
  Work in-Progress Papers 
  PhD Papers 
  Masters Papers 
  Posters and Presentations 
  Non- Academic or Practitioner Contributions 

 Aims and Scope  
 ICCWS is an opportunity for academics, military personnel, practitioners and consultants from around the world who are involved in the study, management, development and implementation of systems and concepts to combat information warfare or to improve information systems security to come together and exchange ideas. The call for papers for the ICCWS 2025 conference is asking for contributions that consider the following aims and scope. By covering a wide range of topics, the conference facilitates interdisciplinary dialogue and collaboration, driving forward innovations and improvements in how nations, organizations, and individuals address cyber threats. In addition to this the committee welcomes papers on a number of specialist mini-tracks which can be seen at the end of this list.  
 Cyber Warfare Strategies and Tactics   
 Examination of state-sponsored cyber operations. 
  Analysis of cyber deterrence and defence mechanisms. 
  Offensive and defensive cyber strategies used in modern conflicts. 
  Case studies of significant cyber-attacks and their geopolitical implications. 
  Cyber Security Technologies and Techniques   
 Development and deployment of advanced cybersecurity tools and technologies. 
  Network security protocols and architecture, including intrusion detection and prevention systems. 
  Cryptographic methods and their application in securing communications. 
  Penetration testing or pentesting techniques 
  Cyber Threat Intelligence   
 Methods for gathering and analysing cyber threat intelligence. 
  Role of artificial intelligence and machine learning in predicting cyber threats. 
  Techniques for identifying and mitigating insider threats. 
  Analysis of cyber threat actors, including nation-states, terrorist groups, and cybercriminal organizations. 
  Information Warfare and Psychological Operations   
 Strategies for psychological operations in the cyber domain. 
  Use of social media and other digital platforms for information warfare. 
  Techniques for combating misinformation and disinformation. 
  Impact of information warfare on public opinion and national security. 
  Legal and Ethical Issues in Cyber Warfare   
 Legal frameworks governing cyber warfare and security. 
  Ethical considerations in offensive and defensive cyber operations. 
  Compliance with international laws and norms. 
  Privacy issues and the balance between security and civil liberties. 
  Cyber Defence and Critical Infrastructure Protection   
 Strategies for protecting critical infrastructure from cyber attacks. 
  Resilience and recovery planning for cyber incidents. 
  Sector-specific challenges in industries such as energy, finance, and healthcare. 
  Collaboration between public and private sectors for enhanced cybersecurity. 
  Emerging Technologies and Future Trends   
 Impact of emerging technologies like quantum computing on cybersecurity. 
  Future trends in cyber warfare and security. 
  Role of the Internet of Things (IoT) in expanding the cyber threat landscape. 
  Predictions for the evolution of cyber conflict and defence mechanisms. 
  Human Factors in Cyber Security   
 Role of human behaviour and psychology in cybersecurity. 
  Training and awareness programs for improving cybersecurity culture including Cybersecurity Education in both formal and informal settings 
  Strategies for mitigating human error and insider threats. 
  Social engineering tactics and countermeasures. 

 Mini-Tracks   
 Experts in the field proposed mini tracks on the following topics. Papers accepted on these topics after the double-blind peer review process were presented as mini tracks at the conference and are also published in these proceedings.  
 Securing Artificial Intelligence (AI)   
 Mini Track Chair:  Arun Mamgai  ,  University of South Carolina, USA  
 Generative AI (Artificial Intelligence) has turned out to be a game changer after the introduction of ChatGPT, DALL-E, Bard, Gemini, GitHub Copilot in 2022 and 2023. The majority of organisations are trying to figure out their AI strategy, but the security of data, pipeline, LLMs is critical. It is important that effective risk management strategies evolve along with AI based solutions. Operational, infrastructure, and developmental security controls are required to ensure AI systems operate in a secure manner.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Strong Security control for data training and application 
  Data Supply Chain 
  AI Transparency 
  Zero Trust Access 
  Cloud & Data Security 
  Security and Privacy of Mobile and Smartphone Platforms   
 Mini Track Chair:  Prof Nolu Mpekoa   , University of Johannesburg, South Africa  
 Our daily lives are significantly impacted by mobile devices. These devices are utilised for a wide range of purposes in the military, government, education, and entertainment sectors. Due to the ease of use, individuals keep sensitive data and carry out sensitive operations making it a prime target for an attacker. Because mobile devices are always powered on, they are the front lines of most phishing attacks. Smartphone applications can pose significant security and privacy risks because of how they collect and share data. Therefore, this track will look at work done around cybersecurity measures designed to protect sensitive information stored on and transmitted by laptops, smartphones, tablets, wearables, and other portable devices.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Models of Privacy and Security Issues on Mobile Applications 
  An effective approach to mobile device management 
  Privacy and security of data on mobile devices 
  A Survey on Security for Mobile Devices 
  An Analysis of Smartphone Security Practices among 
  Navigating the Nexus: Managing Governance, Risk, Compliance, and Policy (GRCP) in Modern Work Environments   
 Mini Track Chair:  Dr Joe Adams   ,  Cyber By Design & Dr Aunshul Rege,   Temple University, USA  
 As organizations increasingly embrace remote work, cloud computing, and bring-your-own-device (BYOD) networks, ensuring robust security compliance becomes paramount. This mini track explores strategies for establishing and maintaining governance, risk, compliance, and policy (GRCP) amidst these evolving paradigms and increasing regulatory requirements. Emphasizing the growing attention towards security frameworks and compliance, now enforced contractually across industries, presentations delve into the complexities of creating and enforcing policies that transcend organizational boundaries, necessitating extensive coordination between business units that do not usually concern themselves with security. We invite submissions of papers detailing experiences in organizational management and dynamics that facilitated the achievement and sustainability of security compliance. Topics may include successful implementation of GRCP in remote work settings, effective utilization of cloud computing while maintaining GRCP, strategies for securing BYOD networks, and evaluation and assessments of GRCP implementations. Through sharing real-world experiences and best practices, this track aims to provide valuable insights into navigating the intricate landscape of modern work environments.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Implementing an organizational risk management program 
  Creating a sustainable vulnerability management program in a constantly connected world 
  Managing service providers and cloud services 
  Managing organizational logging and auditing - how much is enough and how long to keep it? 
  Do It Yourself Governance, Risk, Compliance, and Policy - tracking compliance without breaking the budget 
  Interdisciplinary Research in Cybersecurity   
 Mini Track Chair:  Dr. Char Sample,   Marshall University, USA  
 The dynamic and interconnected nature of cyber security touches and influences many aspects of life. This inter-relatedness suggests that other disciplines might influence, or even possibly impact, cyber events. For example, geo-political events, environmental events, culture, psychology or economic disciplines may offer new ideas on how cyber events are viewed and understood. These disciplines also, provide models and frameworks that, when applied to cybersecurity may possibly provide new solutions to long standing challenges. This track is dedicated to crossing the traditional disciplines of academia and examining cyber events within the context of another academic discipline.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Decision science and cybersecurity 
  Data science in cybersecurity 
  Natural disasters and environmental resources interaction with cyber events 
  Conflict and financial events interaction with cyber events 
  Cyber-Physical systems security 
  Complexity modeling in cybersecurity 
  Security and Safety for Healthcare Systems   
   Mini Track Chair:  Christoph Lipps    and Jan Herbst   , German Research Center  for Artificial Intelligence – Intelligent Networks Research Department  
 Given the current developments in the field of inter- and hyper-connectivity, the metaverse and the general digitalization of medical products, cyber security is becoming increasingly important in this domain. As hospitals and healthcare are part of the critical infrastructure and patient health data is particularly worthy of protection, special attention has to be paid to the security of these systems. With the interconnection of medical devices and the increasing gathering of health data, e.g. via near-body sensors, the value of the information increases, turning it into a valuable asset for potential attackers. Furthermore, Artificial Intelligence methods are another important aspect in the healthcare segment. Alongside their application in hospital logistics and smart allocation of rooms within the hospital, for example, these algorithms are used in the diagnosis of patients. In this regard, particular should be paid to their confidentiality, trustworthiness and explainability. The topics include, but are not limited to:   
 Tele-Medicine, mHealth & eHealth 
  Complexity modeling in cybersecurity 
  (Modern) Biometrics & Human – Physically Unclonable Functions 
  (Wireless) Body Area Networks, (Wireless) Sensors 
  Artificial Intelligence & Applications 
  Hospital metaverse 

 Important Dates  
  
 Abstract submission deadline | STILL ACCEPTING ABSTRACTS 
 Notification of abstract acceptance | 19 September 2024 
 Full paper due for review | 25 October 2024 
 Notification of paper acceptance (with any requested changes) | 03 January 2025 
 Earlybird registration closes | 17 January 2025 
 Final paper due (with any changes) | 31 January 2025 
 Final Author payment date | 21 February 2025 

 Keynote Speakers 

 Contacts for this Conference:  
  
 Academic Enquiries | Professor Dan Remenyi 
 Submission Enquiries | Val Northfield 
 Registration Enquiries | Belinda Burchell 
 Other Enquiries | Elaine Hayne 

 Supported by:  

 Academic Conferences International © 2024  
  A company registered in England, 11881429. VAT Number: 355 2953 80.  
  email: info@academic-conferences.org Phone: +44 (0) 118 324 6938   

   