  Call for Research Papers - go to homepage   Toggle Navigation      
   
 Home 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Contribute | Call for Research Papers 
  Call for Industry Papers 
  Call for Demo Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  Session Details 
  Keynotes 
  Panel 
  Tutorials 
  Research Papers 
  Industrial Papers 
  Demo Papers 
  Awards 
  Workshops | Big Data Management and Service (BDMS 2024) 
  Graph Data Management and Analysis (GDMA 2024) 
  Big Data Quality Management (BDQM 2024) 
  Emerging Results in Data Science and Engineering (ERDSE 2024) 
  Participate | Registration 
  Visa Information 
  Travel Information 
  Conference Venue 
  Social Events 
  Presenter Instructions 
  FAQ 

 Call for Research Papers  

 The International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA) is a leading international forum for discussing the latest research on database systems and advanced applications. DASFAA, a well-established international conference series that provides a forum for technical presentations and discussions among database researchers, developers, and users from academia, business, and industry, showcases state-of-the-art R&D activities in the general areas of database systems and their applications.  
 Important Dates  
 All deadlines are 23:59 Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time. The new schedule includes firm  deadlines, and no extensions are planned.  
 Abstract submission due    
 December 15, 2023 ⇐ October 20, 2023    
   
 Paper submission due    
 December 22, 2023 ⇐ October 27, 2023    
   
 Acceptance notification    
 March 15, 2024 ⇐ January 19, 2024    
   
 Camera ready due    
 April 12, 2024 ⇐ February 16, 2024    
   
 Topics  
 DASFAA-2024 welcomes high-quality, original, and previously unpublished submissions in database theory, technology, and practice. Topics of interest for the conference include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Database systems  
 Database core technology  
 Query processing and optimization 
  Index and storage systems 
  Data model and query language 
  Databases for emerging hardware 
  Machine learning for database 
  Data warehouse and OLAP 
  Transaction management 
  Domain-specific/advanced database systems  
 Data processing in VR/AR/MR 
  Graph data management 
  Data management in social networks 
  Embedded and mobile databases 
  Temporal and spatial databases 
  Data streams and time-series data 
  Knowledge management 
  Text databases 
  Multimedia databases 
  HCI for modern information systems 
  Natural language query interface 
  Probabilistic and uncertain data 
  Sensor data management 
  Statistical and scientific databases 
  Cloud data management  
 Cloud data management 
  Big Data data management (e.g, MapReduce, Spark) 
  Parallel and distributed database systems 
  Data semantics and data integration 
  Information integration 
  Blockchain 
  Data science and advanced applications  
 Data science  
 Data-driven AI technology 
  Data mining and knowledge discovery 
  Neural network 
  Graph and social network analysis 
  RDF and knowledge graphs 
  Text and data mining 
  Advanced applications  
 Search and recommendation technology 
  Security, privacy, and trust 
  Data quality and credibility 
  Bio and health informatics 
  Data science for epidemics (e.g., COVID-19) 
  Semantic Web and knowledge management 
  Crowd-sourcing 
  Data archive and digital library 
  Web information systems 
  Information extraction and summarization 
  Paper Submission  
 Paper submission must be in English. All papers will be double-blind reviewed by the Program Committee based on technical quality, relevance to DASFAA, originality, significance, and clarity. All paper submissions will be handled electronically. Any submitted paper violating the length, file type, or formatting requirements will be rejected without review. Each submitted paper should include an abstract up to 200 words and be no longer than 16 pages (including references, appendices, etc.) in LNCS (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) format. We encourage authors to cite related work comprehensively. When citing conference papers, please also consider citing their extended journal versions if applicable. All papers must be submitted electronically through the paper submission system in PDF only.  
 The submitted papers must not be previously published in a refereed journal or conference and must not be under consideration by any other conference or journal during the DASFAA review process. If the paper is accepted, at least one author must complete the regular registration and attend the conference to present the paper. For no-show authors, their papers will not be included in the proceedings. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings.  
 Double-Blind Review  
 DASFAA-2024 will employ a double-blind reviewing process, i.e., the PC members and referees who review the paper will not know the identity of the authors. To ensure the anonymity of authorship, authors must prepare their manuscript as follows:  
 Author’s names and affiliations must not appear on the title page or elsewhere in the paper 
  Funding sources must not be acknowledged on the title page or elsewhere in the paper 
  Research group members, or other colleagues or collaborators, must not be acknowledged anywhere in the paper 
  Source file naming must also be done with care, to avoid identifying the author’s names in the paper’s associated metadata. For example, if your name is Jane Smith and you submit a PDF file generated from a .dvi file called Jane-Smith.dvi, your authorship could be inferred by looking into the PDF file. Submissions must have all details identifying the author(s) removed from the original manuscript (including the supplementary files, if any), and the author(s) should refer to their prior work in the third person and include all relevant citations 
  Submissions having unrefereed pre-prints such as arXiv are allowed. Authors should make every effort to anonymize their work and, hence, cannot cite their own arXiv work. 
  Reviewers will be requested to not try and break the anonymity. Papers that do not follow the guidelines mentioned above, or otherwise potentially reveal the identity of the authors, are subject to immediate rejection. Because of the double-blind review policy, the submission of an extended version of a short paper that has been published elsewhere is strongly discouraged in DASFAA-2024.  
 Conflicts of Interest  
 We use CMT’s conflict management system, through which authors should flag conflicts with members of the Program Committee. X and Y have a conflict of interest if any of the following applies:  
 X and Y have worked in the same university or company in the past two years, or will be doing so in the next six months on account of an accepted job offer. Different campuses within the same university system do not count as the same university for this purpose - UC Berkeley does not have a conflict with UC Santa Barbara. 
  X has been a co-author of a paper with Y in the last three years. 
  X has been a collaborator within the past two years, as evidenced in a joint publication (subsumed by the stricter rule on co-authorship above), joint research project, or co-organizing events (e.g., co-chairs of conferences), or are collaborating now (including co-authorship on papers not resulted in final publication yet). 
  X is the master’s/PhD thesis advisor of Y or vice versa, irrespective of how long ago this was. 
  X is a relative or close personal friend of Y. 
  It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (reviewers, meta-reviewers, and PC chairs) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 Paper Acceptance  
 A paper can be accepted as either a full research paper or a short research paper. The authors of full research papers are given the opportunity to present their work in oral sessions, and they also have the option to present in poster sessions. On the other hand, the authors of short research papers exclusively present their work in poster sessions. Additionally, the accepted short research papers should be revised to a maximum of 10 pages in the camera-ready version.  
 Formatting Template  
 Please use one of the following templates for the LNCS (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) format: https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines   
 Submission Website  
 https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/DASFAA2024   
 Contact Information  
 If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at dasfaa2024pc@db.is.i.nagoya-u.ac.jp  .  
 Program Committee Chairs  
 Makoto Onizuka, Osaka University, Japan 
  Jae-Gil Lee, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), Korea 
  Yongxin Tong, Beihang University, China 

 Copyright (c) 2023 - 2024, DASFAA 2024; all rights reserved.  
 Template by Bootstrapious  . Ported to Hugo by DevCows  .  

  