  
  37th Annual IFIP WG 11.3   
 Conference on Data and Applications Security and Privacy (DBSec'23)   
 SAP Labs France, Sophia Antipolis, France - July 19 - 21, 2023   

 DBSEC’23 Call For Papers  
 37th Annual IFIP WG 11.3 Conference on Data and Applications Security and Privacy (DBSec 2023)  
  Sophia Antipolis, France -- July 19 - 21, 2023  
   
 The 37th edition of the Annual IFIP WG 11.3 Conference on Data and Applications Security and Privacy (DBSec 2023) will take place in Sophia Antipolis, France. The conference brings together researchers, practitioners, and experts from academia, industry, and government to share their cutting-edge findings and insights in all theoretical and practical aspects of data protection, privacy, and applications security.  
  
 access control | knowledge discovery and privacy | security and privacy in P2P scenarios and social networks 
 anonymity | methodologies for data and application security | security and privacy in pervasive/ubiquitous computing 
 applied cryptography in data security | network security | security and privacy policies 
 authentication | organisational and social aspects of security | security management and audit 
 big data security | privacy | security metrics 
 data and system integrity | secure cloud computing | threats, vulnerabilities, and risk management 
 data protection | secure distributed systems | trust and reputation systems 
 database security | secure information integration | trust management 
 digital rights management | security and privacy in crowdsourcing | web security 
 distributed and decentralised security | security and privacy in IT outsourcing | wireless and mobile security 
 identity management | security and privacy in the Internet of Things 
 intrusion detection | security and privacy in location-based services 

 Paper Submissions  
 Submitted papers should be at most 16 pages in the LNCS format excluding bibliography and well-marked appendices, with a maximum of 20 pages in total. Committee members are not required to read the appendices, and therefore the paper should be intelligible without them. All submissions must be written in English, and only PDF files will be accepted (a Latex source file will be required for the final version of the accepted papers). The final version of the accepted papers must be in the format required for publications in the LNCS series. Papers that fail to comply with these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits. Submissions are to be made to the submission web site at the following  link  .  
 Every submission requires both an abstract submission and a corresponding paper submission. Abstracts must be submitted by March 31, 2023 (AoE)  April 7, 2023 (AoE)  and papers must be submitted by April 7, 2023 (AoE)  April 14, 2023 (AoE).  Accepted papers will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. A paper submitted to DBSec 2023 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the time it is being considered for DBSec 2023. Furthermore, after you submit to DBSec 2023, you must await our response before submitting elsewhere. If you submit your paper to another conference or journal either before/after submission of the paper to DBSec 2023, the paper will be rejected without review and the other conference/journal will be notified as well. This restriction applies to identical as well as to substantially similar papers.  
   The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series.  
 DBSec 2023 will have best paper and best student paper awards. Outstanding papers will be invited for possible publication in a special issue of the Journal of Computer Security.  
 IFIP author code of conduct:  
 Click here  IFIP referee code of conduct:  
 Click here  Important dates  

 Abstract Submission due: | March 31, 2023 - 11:59 PM (AOE)  April 7, 2023 (AoE) 
 Paper Submission due: | April 7, 2023 - 11:59 PM (AOE)  April 14, 2023 (AoE) 
 Notification to authors: | May 24, 2023 
 Final papers due: | May 31, 2023 

 If you have any question, please contact the organizers at atluri@rutgers.edu  , annalisa.ferrara@unimol.it   
  IFIP WG 11.3 home page: https://spdp.di.unimi.it/~ifip113/   

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
  Important Dates 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Best Papers 
  Contact 

  