 DIMVA 2025  Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Committee 
  Venue 

  22nd Conference on Detection of Intrusions and Malware & Vulnerability Assessment (DIMVA '25)  
 July 9 to 11, 2025 at Graz University of Technology, Austria  
      
 Follow us on Mastodon       
 Follow us on X/Twitter    

  Call for Papers  
 Important Dates (AoE)  
 Cycle 1: | Submission: | Dec 4, 2024 | Dec 10, 2024 (extended!) 
  Notification (accept/reject): Jan 22, 2025 
  Submission Site: | https://dimva25.hotcrp.com/ 
  Cycle 2: | Submission: Feb 12, 2025 
  Notification (accept/reject): Wed. Apr 2, 2025 
  Submission Site: | https://dimva25r2.hotcrp.com/ 
  Camera ready deadline: Apr 30, 2025 
  Conference: July 9 to 11, 2025 
  General Information  
 The annual DIMVA conference serves as a premier forum for advancing the state of the art in the broader areas of intrusion detection, malware analysis, and vulnerability assessment. Each year, DIMVA brings together international experts from academia, industry, and government to present and discuss novel research in these areas. DIMVA is organized by the special interest group Security - Intrusion Detection and Response (SIDAR) of the German Informatics Society (GI). The conference proceedings will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.  
 Topics of Interest  
 DIMVA solicits submissions of high-quality, original scientific papers presenting novel research on malware analysis, intrusion detection, vulnerability assessment, and related systems security topics.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
   
 Intrusions  
 Novel approaches and domains 
  Insider detection 
  Prevention and response 
  Data leakage, exfiltration, and poisoning 
  Result correlation and cooperation 
  Evasion and other attacks 
  Potentials and limitation 
  Operational experiences 
  Privacy, legal, and social aspects 
  Targeted attacks 
  Analysis or detection of cryptocurrency heists 
  Malware  
 Automated analyses 
  Behavioral models 
  Prevention and containment 
  Classification 
  Lineage 
  Forensics and recovery 
  Underground economy 
  Vulnerabilities in malware 
  Financially targeted malware (e.g., ransomware, DeFi) 
  Vulnerability detection  
 Vulnerability prevention 
  Vulnerability analysis 
  Exploitation and defenses 
  Hardware vulnerabilities 
  Situational awareness 
  Active probing 
  Vulnerabilities in decentralized systems 
   
 Papers will be judged on novelty, significance, correctness, and clarity. We expect all papers to provide enough details to enable reproducibility of the experimental results. We encourage papers that bridge research in different communities. We also welcome experience papers that clearly articulate lessons learnt.  
 Types of Submissions Solicited  
 We invite full papers  for submission that present novel and mature research results. Full papers are limited to 20 pages in Springer LNCS format, including bibliography and appendices.  
 Papers that do not follow these formatting guidelines may be rejected without review.  
 While we do not accept short papers  , we encourage authors to submit a poster instead, presenting original, still ongoing work that has not yet reached the maturity required for a full paper. Accepted posters will be invited to submit a poster paper to accompany the poster. Poster papers should be at least 4 pages, but no more than 6 pages long in Springer LNCS format, including bibliography and appendices. Poster papers will be included in the proceedings. The title of Poster papers must start with the words "Poster".  
 Submission Guidelines  
 DIMVA 2025 will adopt a double-blind reviewing process. All submissions should be appropriately anonymized. Author names and affiliations must be excluded from the paper. Furthermore, authors should avoid obvious self-references, and should cite their own previous work in third person, whenever necessary. Papers that are not properly anonymized risk being rejected without review.  
 Submissions must be original work and may not be under submission to another venue at the time of review. At least one author of each accepted paper is required to physically present the submitted work at the conference, for the paper to be included in the proceedings.  
 Authors are encouraged to submit code appropriately anonymized, using, e.g., https://anonymous.4open.science/  .  
 Ethical considerations  
 Submissions that report experiments with data gathered from human subjects should disclose whether the research received approval from an institutional ethics review board (IRB), if applicable, and what measures were adopted to minimize risks to privacy.  
 Submissions that describe experiments related to vulnerabilities in software or systems should discuss the steps taken to avoid negatively affecting any third-parties (e.g., in case of probing of network devices), and how the authors plan to responsibly disclose the vulnerabilities to the appropriate software or system vendors or owners before publication.  
 If you have any questions, please contact the program chairs at pc-chairs@dimva.org  .  

  Call for Posters  
 Important Dates (AoE)  
 Submission: up to Jun 14, 2025 
  Notification: from Jun 19, 2025 
  High quality posters enable discussion of recent research results, deep interactions with interested attendees, a peek into ongoing work, and presentation of new crazy ideas. DIMVA welcomes the submission of posters on preliminary findings, ongoing work, or recently published work. Posters will be presented in a forum where attendees can mingle and interact. Poster submissions contain an extended abstract of up to two pages in the DIMVA paper submission format along with a draft of the poster. If the poster refers to a published paper, it must be referenced. The poster submission is now closed. At the conference, we will provide posters stands. Attendees can bring their printed posters up to size A0.   

  Committee  
 Program co-chairs (email: pc-chairs@dimva.org  )  
 Manuel Egele | (Boston University) 
  Veelasha Moonsamy | (Ruhr University Bochum) 
  Program committee  
 Amin Kharraz, Florida International University 
  Andrea Continella, University of Twente 
  Andrea Mambretti, IBM Research Europe - Zurich 
  Anita Nikolich, University of Illinois-Urbana Champaign 
  Bart Coppens, Ghent University 
  Behzad Ousat, Florida International University 
  Daniel Gruss, Graz University of Technology 
  Daniel Plohmann, Fraunhofer FKIE 
  Daniele Antonioli, EURECOM 
  Daniele Cono D'Elia, Sapienza University of Rome 
  David Klein, Technische Universität Braunschweig 
  Eleonora Losiouk, University of Padua 
  Fabio Pagani, Binarly 
  Fabio Pierazzi, King's College London 
  Flavio Toffalini, RUB 
  Hervé Debar, Télécom SudParis 
  Ilya Grishchenko, University of California, Santa Barbara 
  Jan Wichelmann, Universität zu Lübeck 
  Johannes Kinder, LMU Munich 
  Juan Caballero, IMDEA Software Institute 
  Juan Tapiador, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid 
  Kaan Onarlioglu, Akamai 
  Kimberly Tam, University of Plymouth / Alan Turing Institute 
  Konrad Rieck, TU Berlin 
  Manuel Egele, Boston University 
  Marco Cova, VMware 
  Martina Lindorfer, TU Wien 
  Michael Meier, University of Bonn and Fraunhofer FKIE 
  Michael Schwarz, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security 
  Michele Carminati, Politecnico di Milano 
  Moritz Schloegel, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security 
  Ricardo J. Rodríguez, Universidad de Zaragoza (Spain) 
  Roland Yap, National University of Singapore 
  Seungwon Shin, KAIST 
  Silvia Sebastián, CISPA 
  Simon Koch, TU Braunschweig 
  Stefano Zanero, Politecnico di Milano 
  Stijn Volckaert, DistriNet, KU Leuven 
  Sven Dietrich, City University of New York 
  Tapti Palit, UC Davis 
  Urko Zurutuza, Mondragon Unibertsitatea 
  Vasileios Kemerlis, Brown University 
  Vasilios Mavroudis, Alan Turing Institute 
  Veelasha Moonsamy, Ruhr University Bochum 
  Vinod Yegneswaran, SRI 
  Yang Zhang, CISPA 
  Yinzhi Cao, Johns Hopkins University 
  Publication chair  
 Michele Carminati 
  Poster chair  
 Tarini Saka 
  General chair  
 Daniel Gruss | (Graz University of Technology) 
  Steering committee  
 Ulrich Flegel (co-chair) 
  Michael Meier (co-chair) 
  Magnus Almgren 
  Sébastien Bardin 
  Leyla Bilge 
  Gregory Blanc 
  Herbert Bos 
  Danilo M. Bruschi 
  Roland Bueschkes 
  Juan Caballero 
  Lorenzo Cavallaro 
  Hervé Debar 
  Sven Dietrich 
  Mathias Fischer 
  Giorgio Giacinto 
  Cristiano Giuffrida 
  Daniel Gruss 
  Bernhard Haemmerli 
  Thorsten Holz 
  Marko Jahnke 
  Klaus Julisch 
  Christian Kreibich 
  Christopher Kruegel 
  Pavel Laskov 
  Federico Maggi 
  Clémentine Maurice 
  Nuno Neves 
  Roberto Perdisci 
  Michalis Polychronakis 
  Konrad Rieck 
  Jean-Pierre Seifert 
  Robin Sommer 
  Urko Zurutuza 

  Venue: Graz University of Technology  

  DIMVA will be held in the Aula of the historic main building of Graz University of Technology  (aka "old campus"). You can reach it via tram lines 1 or 7 from station "Mayffredygasse" within 3 minutes, via tram line 3 from stations "Mandellstraße" or "Rechbauerstraße" within 3-4 minutes, or via tram line 6 from station "Dietrichsteinplatz" within 8 minutes. Navigation via Google Maps works fine in Graz. You can buy tickets via the OEBB website or app  , or at the ticket machine inside  the trams.  
 As the campus is located right in the city center, there are many hotels and apartments around so that it is easy to find an accommodation that meets your expectations.  

  Sponsors  

  