Skip to content      
 DIS2025   

        Home 
  Contributing | Call for Papers 
  Call for Pictorials 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Attending 
  Organisers 

 Call for Papers  

   We are pleased to invite submissions for papers to the 2025 ACM SIGCHI Conference on Designing Interactive Systems (DIS). We encourage all submissions that address one of our five contribution areas: Critical Computing and Design Theory, Design Methods and Processes, Artifacts and Systems, Research Through Design, and AI and Design.  

 Important Dates  
  
 Submission Site opens | 3 January 2025 
 Title and Abstract deadline | 13 January 2025 
 Paper and Pictorial Submission deadline | 20 January 2025 
 Notifications | 8 April 2025 
 Camera-Ready Completion Deadline | 22 April 2025 
 DIS 2025 Conference | 5-9 of July 2025 

  Deadlines specified as Anywhere on Earth  time   DIS 2025 will be an in-person-only event, and authors must present their work in person. Presenting online or with a video will not be possible. Accepted papers whose authors do not present may have their paper withdrawn from the ACM Digital Library. We encourage you to ensure you can make it to Funchal between the 5th and 9th of July 2025 before you submit to DIS’25.  
 Conference  Theme  
 In a time of unprecedented global change, DIS 2025 focuses on designing for sustainability, urging us to rethink our relationship with the planet and its environments and oceans. As designers and researchers, we face the challenges of navigating through these uncertain times, but the inherent disruption the coming changes entail also offers us an opportunity to recalibrate and retarget our approaches toward achieving a more sustainable future. Leaning into these ideas, the theme of DIS 2025 encourages us to explore alternative approaches that move beyond human-centered design, emphasizing the importance of ecological systems and our interconnectedness with all forms of life. By rethinking the boundaries between humans, non-humans, technology, and nature, we aim to contribute to a more sustainable and symbiotic future.  
 DIS’25 welcomes work addressing the design of interactive systems in the broadest possible sense. In addition, we particularly encourage submissions that address the DIS’25 conference theme.  
 Contribution Areas  
 DIS 2025 includes the following five contribution areas for submissions: Critical Computing and Design Theory, Design Methods and Processes, Artifacts and Systems, Research Through Design, and AI and Design. We particularly encourage submissions that address one of these five contribution areas, each described in further detail below:  
 Critical Computing and Design Theory  
 This area invites papers on the topics of critical computing, design theory and their overlap. Critical computing encompasses the reimagination as well as analysis and critique of technologies in the world—i.e., the political, ethical, and moral dimensions of computing and the interactive systems we create. Design theory encompasses knowledge around critical-reflective design and research practice. We welcome epistemologically pluralistic approaches, spanning disciplines, theories, and methods, including those that question or confront technological progress. The area seeks papers that explore and expand the relationships among design inquiry, politics, aesthetics, ethics, pragmatism, and craftsmanship.  
 Design Methods and Processes  
 This area invites papers that document, innovate, and advance the methods, approaches, and processes used in interaction design, UX design, and service design across industry, academia, and the public sector. We are particularly interested in methodological contributions that push the boundaries of current practice, exploring new scales, audiences, and contexts for design. This includes innovative methods that enable designers to address complex, multi-layered problems, engage with underrepresented or hard-to-reach communities, and adapt to diverse, evolving technological landscapes.  
 Artifacts and Systems  
 This area invites papers that analyze, evaluate, and/or reflect on artifacts and interactive systems across a wide range of materials, fabrication methods, and technologies. We encourage papers that expand our understanding of meaningful interactions (including but not limited to sensing and actuation) and how they can be designed to support more sustainable, equitable, and resilient outcomes. We especially call for projects that engage with the experience of the material, temporal, and spatial aspects of designing objects, systems, and spaces.  
 Research Through Design (RtD)  
 The RtD area invites research that presents contributions resulting from the exploration of design practices, materials, artifacts, technologies, and interfaces. Core to this area is an iterative, hands-on engagement, where design probes act as lenses for uncovering new insights and implications in a wide variety of design research processes.  
 AI and Design  
 This area invites papers that make a design contribution to artificial intelligence. We hope to receive papers on design for AI (making AI things), design with AI (using AI to help or automate design), design of agents and robots (such as their social presence), responsible AI, and design AI and its regulations. Contributions may include resources, methods, and tools for design; AI artifacts and systems; first-person experiences of designing with or for AI; conceptual frameworks for combining design knowledge and AI; empirical studies with a sensitivity for human needs and AI capabilities. Many papers that authors consider submitting to this subcommittee will also be a match to one of the other subcommittees. As a guide, we suggest you submit papers to this subcommittee when the paper makes an equal contribution to Design and to AI or in cases where reviewers need a deep background in both design and AI.  
 Special Note on Broader Impact   
 At DIS 2025, all submissions will be assessed based on their broader impact on society and/or the environment. We encourage authors to address the positive and negative, actual and potential, and/or pragmatic significance of their work; that is, they should engage in substantive and reflective discussions of the impact of their research beyond a narrow intellectual contribution to the field.  
 Preparing Your Submissions  
 As part of the submission process, authors must submit an abstract, keywords, author list, and meta-data related to the submission’s contents by 13th January 2025. Authors will also be asked to select a ranked list of between one and three contribution areas that fit their submission paper. This content will be used to assign your paper to one of the subcommittees. It is not necessarily the case that your submission will be handled by a subcommittee that aligns with the contribution area you choose as a first preference. You can change the title and abstract as often as you like before the final submission deadline on 20 January 2025, but the author list and order must remain unchanged.  
  
  Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID  ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID  from the start and has recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all their published authors. ACM is committed to improving author discoverability, ensuring proper attribution and contributing to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 Paper length and format  
 Papers do not have a page limit. Authors are instead encouraged to submit a paper with a length proportional to its contribution. The length of typical submissions is expected to be approximately 7,000–8,000 words excluding references, figure/table captions, and appendices. Submissions above 12,000 words or below 4,000 words will be considered for desk rejection. Papers whose lengths are incommensurate with their contributions will be rejected. Papers should be succinct but thorough in presenting the work. Papers may be perceived as too long if they are repetitive or verbose, too short if they omit important details, neglect relevant prior art, or tamper with formatting rules to save on page count.  
 It is important that your submission is formatted correctly. Incorrectly formatted submissions might be rejected. Full online guidance is available from the ACM: https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions   
 Templates are available for several platforms:  
 Microsoft Word 
  LaTeX | (Use sample-manuscript.tex for submissions) 
  Overleaf (Latex) | (or search for | ACM Conference Proceedings Primary Article | ) 
  First, authors prepare their manuscript in the designated single-column format in PDF using LaTeX or Microsoft Word. LaTeX users should use \documentclass[manuscript, review]{acmart}. For an anonymous submission, use \documentclass[manuscript,review,anonymous]{acmart} to automatically replace the authors for “ANONYMOUS AUTHOR(S)”. The authors then submit the PDF and the source files via PCS  . Reviewers will review the papers in the single-column format.  
 Upon conditional acceptance of an article, authors revise the manuscript and submit publication-ready source files to PCS  . The ACM workflow requests authors to produce final publications (PDF and HTML5) by themselves using TAPS: https://authors.acm.org/proceedings/production-information/taps-production-workflow   
 Paper Examples  
 If you are unsure of what constitutes a well-formed paper, see examples in the ACM Digital Library, including award-winning papers from recent years:  
 Sjoerd Hendriks, Mafalda Gamboa, and Mohammad Obaid. 2024. The Undertable: A Design Remake of the Mediated Body. [ https://doi.org/10.1145/3643834.3660698  ]  
 Caitlin Lustig, Maya A Kaneko, Meghna Gupta, Kavita Dattani, Audrey Desjardins, and Daniela Rosner. 2024. Porous by Design: How Childcare Platforms Impact Worker Personhood, Safety, and Connection. [ https://doi.org/10.1145/3643834.3661552  ]  
 Tomas Lawton, Kazjon Grace, and Francisco J Ibarrola. 2023. When is a Tool a Tool? User Perceptions of System Agency in Human–AI Co-Creative Drawing. [ https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/ 10.1145/3563657.3595977  ]  
 Alexandra To, Angela D. R. Smith, Dilruba Showkat, Adinawa Adjagbodjou, and Christina Harrington. 2023. Flourishing in the Everyday: Moving Beyond Damage-Centered Design in HCI for BIPOC Communities. [ https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3563657.3596057  ]  
 Creating an Accessible ACM Conference Submission  
 ACM publications are reviewed and read by many people. Making your paper accessible will help to promote the equal participation of people with disabilities. This section describes how to check if your PDF is accessible and how to fix the most common accessibility problems. For more information please refer to Adobe’s accessibility resource center.  
 How do I test if my PDF is accessible?  
 The document should be tagged. In Adobe Acrobat Pro: Go to the ‘File’ menu. ‘Document properties’. ‘Description’ tab. Look for ‘Tagged PDF: Yes’ among the set of advanced properties. If you do not have access to Adobe Acrobat, try selecting some text in the PDF and pasting it into a text editor. If you can’t do this, or the text looks wrong, chances are your document is not readable with a screen reader.  
 Check the accessibility. In Adobe Acrobat Pro: Go to the ‘Advanced’ menu. ‘Accessibility’. ‘Full Check’. The checker will report accessibility problems.  
 Fonts should be embedded, or your PDF will need to be regenerated, and you may lose the accessibility that you have added. In Adobe Acrobat Pro: Go to the ‘File’ menu. ‘Document properties’. ‘Fonts’ tab. All of the fonts should have the word ’embedded’ in parentheses after the font name (unless they are not visible in the final document).  
 How do I fix accessibility problems?  
 Word users should correct as many problems as possible in the Word source file rather than the PDF, as described in the next section. On a PC, the Adobe plugin for Word can export accessibility features from the Word document into the PDF.  
 On a Mac, this is not the case. Those using Word on a Mac, and all LaTeX users will need to edit the PDF directly using Adobe Acrobat. A better basic PDF may be produced by using latex2pdf as opposed to ps2pdf. See also the WebAim PDF Accessibility primer [ http://www.adobe.com/accessibility/resources.html  ], which provides information for OpenOffice users.  
 The accessibility checker in Adobe Acrobat Pro provides help with fixing many accessibility problems. The following steps are for Adobe Acrobat Pro 9. For more detailed instructions for Adobe Acrobat Pro XI see the Accessible PDF guidelines. You can also find more information on Adobe’s accessibility resources page  
 Add tags. | Go to the ‘Advanced’ menu. Select ‘Accessibility’, then ‘Add tags to document’. 
  Add alternative text for figures. | Context-click the Figure, select ‘Properties’, and fill in ‘Alternate Text’. If no ‘Properties’ option appears, go to the ‘Advanced’ menu, select ‘Touch Up Reading Order’, and then try context-clicking on the figures again, looking for an ‘Edit alternate text’ option. 
  Specify the document language. | Go to the ‘File’ menu. Select ‘Properties’, then the ‘Advanced’ tab, ‘Language’ field. In some versions of Acrobat, the ‘Properties’ option is called ‘Document Properties’. In some versions, the ‘Language’ field is in a ‘Reading Options’ tab. 
  Define tab order. | Go to the ‘View’ menu. Select ‘Navigation tabs’, then ‘Pages’. 
  Click on any page, then type Ctrl-A (or Command-A on a Mac) to select all the pages. 
  Go to the ‘Options’ menu in the top right of the dialogue box (icon showing two cogs), and select ‘Page Properties’. 
  In the ‘Tab Order’ tab, select ‘Use document structure’. 
  Make sure tables have headings. | Go to the ‘View’ menu. Select ‘Navigation tabs’, then ‘Tags’. 
  Select the ‘Tags’ tab. This panel shows the document structure as a tree. 
  Navigate to the table cells that should be headers. 
  Check they have the type <TH>. If not, then right-click on the header cell, select ‘properties’, select the ‘Tag’ tab, and change the value for ‘Type’ to ‘Table Header Cell’. 
  Creating an accessible PDF directly from Word  
 The following link provides step-by-step instructions for adding basic accessibility information to a Word document on a PC, then exporting it to a PDF document intended for ACM: Create an accessible ACM submission using Microsoft Word   
 These guidelines were adopted from ASSETS 2020.  
 Policies  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Anonymization Policy  
 All submissions must be anonymized for review. Author and affiliation sections and credits must be left blank. Authors of accepted submissions will add this information in preparation of the “camera-ready” version. We are using the ACM CHI Anonymization Policy  of reviewing. We use a relaxed model that does not attempt to conceal all traces of identity from the body of the paper.  
 Authors are expected to remove author and institutional identities from the title and header areas, as noted in the submission instructions (Note: changing the text color of the author information is not sufficient). Make sure that no description that can easily reveal authors’ names and/or affiliations is included in the submission (e.g., too detailed descriptions of where user studies were conducted). Authors should also remove any information in the acknowledgments section that reveals the authors or the institution (e.g., specific supporting grant information). Also, please make sure that identifying information does not appear in the document’s meta-data (e.g., the ‘Authors’ field in your word processor’s ‘Save As’ dialog box). In addition, we require that the acknowledgments section be left blank as it could also easily identify the authors and/or their institution.  
 Further suppression of identity in the body of the submission is left to the authors’ discretion. Authors must leave citations to their previous work unanonymized so that reviewers can ensure that all previous research has been taken into account by the authors. However, authors are required to cite their own work in the third person, e.g., avoid “As described in our previous work [10], … ” and use instead “As described by Jones et al. [10], …”  
 Policy on Use of Large Language Models  
 Text generated from a large-scale language model (LLM), such as ChatGPT, must be clearly marked where such tools are used for purposes beyond editing the author’s own text. Please carefully review the April 2023 ACM Policy on Authorship  before you use these tools. The SIGCHI blog post describes approaches to acknowledging the use of such tools and we refer to it for guidance. Note that the LaTeX template will default to hiding the Acknowledgements section while in review mode – please make sure that any LLM disclosure is available in your submitted version. While we do not anticipate using tools on a large scale to detect LLM-generated text, we will investigate submissions brought to our attention and desk-reject papers where LLM use is not clearly marked.  
 Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  
 Any research in submitted manuscripts that involves human subjects must go through the appropriate ethics review requirements that apply to the authors’ research environment. As research environments vary considerably with regard to their requirements, authors are asked to submit a short note to reviewers that provides this context. Please also see the 2021 ACM Publications policy on research involving humans  before submitting.  
 Review Process  
 After the submission deadline, each paper will be assigned to a split committee during the PCS submission process in consultation with SCs, and at the discretion of the technical program chairs. The DIS 2025 paper committees will be composed of Associate Chairs that collectively represent expertise across all contribution types. The process will be similar to the DIS 2024 conference and is intended to foster discussion across contribution types and also ensure equitable workload across ACs.  
 SCs will then assign each paper to a primary AC (1AC) and a secondary AC (2AC). The 1AC will find two external reviewers. Each external reviewer and the 2AC (who will be blind wrt the authors’ identity) will each write a detailed review of their assigned submissions and assess the contribution of the research to the field. Thus, each paper will receive 3 detailed reviews. As part of this process, we will strive to find ACs and reviewers who are experts in the topic area of each submission. We also highly encourage all authors to sign up and volunteer to be reviewers.  
 After the reviews have been written, the 1AC for a paper will examine the paper and review content, trigger discussions among the review panel if required, and write a meta-review of the paper that summarizes the three submitted reviews. If 1ACs disagree with the other reviews, they will be required to write a review as well as a meta-review; we will strive to distinguish between the 1AC’s assessment of the submission and the summarisation of the other reviews.  
 The 1AC will present a recommendation for the paper’s acceptance or rejection to the SC responsible for that submission. SCs and ACs will meet at a virtual program committee meeting with the technical program chairs to discuss the final acceptance of papers for inclusion in the program  
 Accepted papers will be included in the Proceedings of Designing Interactive Systems 2025 and will become available in ACM Digital Library.  
 Upon Acceptance of Your Paper  
 Authors will be notified of conditional acceptance or rejection of their paper on or before the notification date of 8th April 2025. Meta reviews will describe any further changes that the authors are expected to make to the paper prior to its publication. These should be made as part of a “camera-ready submission” and submitted to PCS by the deadline of 22nd April 2025. Final changes will be checked by members of the program committee prior to making a final acceptance of the paper. If authors are unable to meet the requirements for changes, the program chairs will be notified and may reject the paper.  
 Accepted authors should ensure they have obtained permission to use licensed content and images that depict identifiable people in their conference contributions (paper/pictorial, videos, and presentations). Responsibility for obtaining permission to use video, audio, or pictures of identifiable people or proprietary content rests with the author, not the ACM or the DIS conference. All accepted submissions require a signed form assigning copyright or license to the ACM, an upfront fee to ACM to enable Open Access, or institutional enrollment in the ACM Open  program. More information on rights management can be found here: https://authors.acm.org/  . Finally, and as part of this rights management process, presenting authors may be asked to opt-in to and grant permission to record and/or stream their presentations at the conference.  
 Accepted submissions will also be asked to prepare and submit a short teaser video (approximately one minute) to promote contributions at the conference and to share the work with the broader community.  
 Additionally, each accepted submission requires a full conference registration fee to be paid unless the person presenting the paper or pictorial is a first-author student, in which case, a student registration fee has to be paid.  
 All published papers will appear online in the ACM Digital Library and be distributed digitally to conference delegates as part of the conference proceedings.  
 At the conference, authors of accepted submissions must present their work and be available to answer questions from other conference participants. Presenters of papers will have a presentation slot at the conference of approximately 20 minutes, though this may be altered prior to the conference based on scheduling needs. Information on presentations will be sent by email to the corresponding author. Papers whose authors do not present in any form may be removed from the ACM Digital Library and the conference proceedings.  
 Questions?   
 Please direct any questions to the paper chairs using the contact information listed below.  
 DIS 2025 Program Committee  
 Qian Yang, Cornell University 
  Clement Zheng, National University of Singapore 
  Ian Oakley, KAIST 
  tpc@dis2025.acm.org   

 Mastodon 
  X 
  Instagram 
  LinkedIn 
  Bluesky 
  Threads 
  ACM Designing Interactive Systems Conference 2025  

  