The ACM Symposium on Document Engineering    
 Start 
  Policies 
  Steering Committee 
  Symposia 
  DocEng 2025 
  DocEng 2025 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Highlights from DocEng'24 
  Organisation 
  Venue 
  Sponsors 

  The 25 th  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering  
 September 2, 2025 to September 5, 2025   
  Nottingham, UK   
 Call for Papers  
 The 25 th  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering (DocEng'25) seeks original research papers that focus on the design, implementation, development, management, use and evaluation of advanced systems where document and document collections play a key role. DocEng emphasises innovative approaches to document engineering technology, use of documents and document collections in real world applications, novel principles, tools and processes that improve our ability to create, manage, maintain, share, and productively use these. Attendees at this international forum have interests that span all aspects of document engineering and applications.  
 In addition, DocEng'25 particularly welcomes contributions on the theme of Document Trust and Security  . You are invited to submit original papers to DocEng'25, to be held in-person at the University of Nottingham, Nottingham, UK.  
 Important Dates  
  
 Full Papers | Short Papers & Demonstrations |  
 abstracts due | April 22, 2025 | abstracts due | June 10, 2025 
 manuscripts due | April 29, 2025 | manuscripts due | June 17, 2025 
 acceptance notice | June 3, 2025 | acceptance notice | July 15, 2025 
  
 Proceedings and post-proceedings  
 Accepted articles will be published in the DocEng 2025 proceedings in the ACM Digital Library.  
 The program committee will evaluate the technical contribution of each submission as well as its general accessibility to the DocEng audience. Papers will be judged on significance, originality, and clarity. The paper must be organised so that it is easily understood by an audience with varied expertise. The paper should clearly identify what has been accomplished, why it is significant, and how it relates to previous work.  
 Submissions  
 Full papers  : describing complete works of research (up to 10 pages). 
  Short papers  : describing smaller complete works of research, novel challenges or visions (up to 4 pages). 
  Demonstrations  : of interesting use-cases of systems or tools (up to 2 page abstract). 
  We are excited to announce a new Demonstrations submission type for DocEng 2025! Authors are invited to submit a 2-page abstract highlighting use cases, systems, or processes focused on document engineering. This submission type welcomes contributions from both technical and non-technical practitioners, providing a platform to share experiences, insights, and recommendations for future directions in document-related innovation.  
 Submissions should be prepared using the ACM format. Guidelines are available at https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  . Please note that Word users should use the interim template; DocEng does not use TAPS.  
 Accepted papers will be presented as a talk or poster. Demonstrators will give 10-minute presentations in a demonstration session.  
 Papers can be submitted online at: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=doceng25  .  
 Symposium Format  
 DocEng is a single-track conference attended by a community of academic and industrial researchers. The first conference day consists of workshops and tutorials.  
 Relevant Topics  
 We seek original contributions that are mainly focused on, but not necessarily limited to, the following topics:  
  
 Relevant Topics | Relevant Topics 
 Document Trust and Security   
  Documents and privacy  
  Document authentication  
  Document encryption  
  Secure document workflows, policy, and access, security for mobile and printing devices  
  Security printing, including document identification, tagging and meta-data  
   
  Machine Learning for Digital Documents   
  Applications of Large Language Models in Document Processing and Creation  
  AI in document processing and management  
  AI in document content analysis  
  Generative Systems  

  Digital Accessibility   
  Models for representing Accessibility in Documents  
  Interfaces for accessing document structures  
  Alternative User Experiences for document consumption  
  Document Repurposing for accessibility  
   
  Collections, Systems, and Management   
  Storage, indexing, retrieval, deduplication, cleansing  
  Enterprise content management: models and standards, scale and performance  
  Digital libraries: and archives preservation systems  
  Massive collections of documents  
  Systems and algorithms for safe and efficient document processing  
  Scalable distributed document processing  

  Modelling and Representation   
  Document models and structures: multimedia objects, graphs, trees, streams, adaptive and responsive documents, probabilistic documents  
  Document representation and standards: interchange standards, markup languages, style sheets  
  Document type representation, metadata  
  Linked data and semantics enrichment, linking techniques and standards  
  Collaborative documents and sharing economy  
  Document internationalisation, multilingual representations  
  Versioning | Document Content Analysis   
  Structure and visual representation analysis  
  Linguistic and semantic (content) analysis, categorization, classification, clustering  
  Automated tagging, named entity disambiguation, semantic linking, automatic image captioning  
  OCR Error correction  

  Systems for Visual Document Analysis   
  Historical document processing  
  Handwritten character recognition  
  Recognition of images, equations, drawings, music scores and other content in document images and layout description languages  
  Recovery and assessing document quality from distortions and defects such as tears or blemishes  
  Generation, Manipulation, and Presentation  
  Document authoring tools and systems  
  Document presentation: algorithms and systems for typography, formatting and layout generation  
  Automatically generated documents, content customization, variable printing  
  Mobile platforms and documents  
  Document transformation  

  Applications   
  Digital humanities  
  Digital preservation/archiving  
  Open Science  
  Education  
  eBooks and digital publishing  
  Web applications and systems  
  Mobile applications  
  Cyber-physical document workflows, especially electronic/print options, including 3D printing workflows  
   
  User Experience   
  Navigation, search  
  Usability, accessibility, readability, and aesthetics  
  Collaborative authoring and editing, curation and annotation  
  Workflows, integration, and interaction between human and automated processes  
  Culture-dependent layouts 
  
 Fair Access and Student Support  
 SIGWEB is committed to provide fair access and student support to its sponsored conferences by means of travel grants. Application forms will be available shortly and for more information, you may contact the DocEng SIGWEB liaison officer Steven Simske on steve.simske@colostate.edu  .  
 Additional Information  
 Authors Take Note  
 DocEng is | sponsored by ACM | by means of the ACM SIGWEB Special Interest Group. Proceedings are available through the ACM Digital Library. 
  The official publication date | is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. 
  DocEng is | sponsored by ACM | by means of the ACM SIGWEB Special Interest Group. Proceedings are available through the ACM Digital Library. 
  Each DocEng paper must have at least one non-student registration for it to be presented at DocEng 2025 and be published in the DocEng 2025 Proceedings. 
  Important ACM Note  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects. Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy  will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.” 
  Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalisation; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.” 

      The 25 th  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering ( DocEng'25  )  
 September 2, 2025  to September 5, 2025   
 Nottingham, UK     

 DocEng anti-harassment policy  and information on other applicable policies   

   