Main Menu  Menu    Home 
  Committees 
  Submission 
  Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Registration 
  Venue/Hotel 
  Past editions 

 Home 
  Committees 
  Submission 
  Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Registration 
  Past editions 

 Call for Papers  
  
 DS-RT provides an international forum for the discussion and presentation of original ideas, recent results and achievements by researchers, research students, and systems developers on issues and challenges related to distributed simulation and real time applications. Authors are encouraged to submit both theoretical and practical results of significance. Demonstration of new tools/applications is very encouraged.  

 The scope of the symposium includes, but is not limited to:  
 Paradigms, Methodology, Algorithms and Software Architectures for Large Scale Distributed and Real-Time Simulations (e.g. Parallel and Distributed Simulation, Multi-Agent Based Distributed Simulation, HLA/RTI, Web, Grid and cloud-based Simulation, hardware-software co-design for extreme-scale simulations) 
  Paradigms, Modelling, Architecture and Environments for Large Scale Real-time Systems and Concurrent Systems with hard and soft Real-Time Constraints 
  Non-functional Properties of Distributed Simulation and Real-Time Systems (e.g. Dependability, Availability, Reliability, Maintainability, Safety, Security, Trustworthiness, QoS) 
  Theoretical Foundations of Large-Scale Real-Time and Simulation Models (e.g. Event Systems, Causality, Space-Time Models, Notions of Time, Discrete and Continuous Systems, Simulator Coordination) 
  Advances in Modelling and Simulation Studies and Technologies (Reuse of Models, New Modelling Languages, Agent-based M&S, Spatial M&S, Cognitive Modelling, Neural Network Models, Artificial Intelligence in Simulation, Discrete Events, Continuous Simulation, Service-oriented Computing and Simulation, Web-based Modelling and Simulation, Simulation of Multimedia Applications and Systems, etc.) 
  Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing Architectures and Applications that involve Simulations and/or adhere to Real-Time Constraints 
  Languages and Tools, Development Environments, Data Interfaces, Network Protocols and Model Repositories that address Very Large Simulations 
  Data Management and Distribution Issues, Interest Management, Semantic Modelling, Multi-resolution Modelling, Dead-Reckoning Mechanisms 
  Simulation Studies at Large and Very Large Scale (e.g. Industrial, Commercial, Ecological and Environmental, Societal, Power and Energy) 
  Environmental and Emerging Simulation Challenges (e.g. Growth of Human Population, Climate Change, CO2, Health Care, Ecosystems, Sustainable Development, Water and Energy Supply, Human Mobility, Traffic Modelling, World Stock Markets, Food Supply Chains, Megacities, Smart Cities, Smart Networks, Disaster Planning, etc.) 
  Performance and Validation of Large-Scale and Distributed Simulations (e.g., benchmarking and analytical results, empirical studies DIS, HLA/RTI studies) 
  Visual Interactive Simulation Environments (e.g., Generic Animation, Visual Interactive Modelling, Interactive Computer Based Training and Learning, Scientific Visualization, High-End Computer Graphics) 
  Simulation-based Virtual Environments and Mixed Reality Systems (e.g. Interactive Virtual Reality, Human Communication through Immersive Environments) 
  Collaborative Virtual and Augmented Reality, Shared Interaction Spaces, Telepresence Systems and Shared Workspaces, 3D Video and Acoustic Reconstruction, Shared Object Manipulation 
  Design Issues, Interaction Designs, Human Computer Interaction Issues raised by Large Scale DS-RT Systems 
  Serious Gaming and Massive Multiplayer Online Games (MMOG) applications, architectures and scalability issues 
  Technologies for Living Labs (e.g. Mirror World Simulation, Interoperability, Large Scale Multi-Sensor Networks, Global Wireless Communication, Multi-Stakeholder Understanding and Innovation) 
  Innovative Styles of Interactions with Large Scale DS-RT Systems (e.g. Implicit, Situative and Attentive Interaction, Tangible Interaction, Embedded Interaction, etc.) 
  Media Convergence (e.g. New Technologies, Media Theory, Real-Time considerations of Multi-Modality, etc.) 
  Verification and Validation of Simulation Models 
  Simulation in healthcare, Medical Simulations 
  Paper submission deadline: June 16th, 2023 (Extended)   
   
 Click here to submit your paper to DS-RT 2023    

 IMPORTANT DATES  
 Paper Submission:   
  June 7, 2023   
  June 16th, 2023 (Extended)   
 Acceptance notification:   
  August 6, 2023   
 Camera-ready:   
  August 20, 2023   
 Author registration:   
  August 20, 2023   

 AUTHORS   
 Call for Full Papers 
  Call for Poster/Demo/Tutorial 
  Submission guidelines 
  Special Sessions 
  Doctoral Colloquium 
  Camera Ready Guidelines 

 Copyright © 2023, DS-RT.  

  