Our Purpose 
  Our Science and Technology 
  Join Our Team 
  Partner with Us 
  News 
  Community and Education 
  About 

 National Ignition Facility & Photon Science    

 Primary Menu  
 About | What Is NIF? 
  The Seven Wonders of NIF | Laser Glass 
  Optical Switch 
  Preamplifier Modules 
  Deformable Mirror 
  Rapid-Growth Crystals 
  Computer Control System 
  Target Fabrication 
  How NIF Works | Anatomy of a NIF Shot 
  Power Conditioning System 
  Injection Laser System 
  Amplifiers 
  Beam Transport 
  Final Optics 
  Target Chamber 
  Keys to Our Success | Facility Operations 
  Power and Energy 
  Control Systems 
  Optics 
  Targets 
  Diagnostics 
  Efficiency Improvements 
  A Legacy of Lasers 
  Who Works for NIF | People Profiles 
  Management 
  Developing the Workforce 
  Who Partners With NIF | Enduring Partnerships 
  Technology Transfer 
  Careers | LLNL Expands Outreach to HBCUs in Weeklong Event 
  FAQs 
  Visit Us 
  Science | NIF and Stockpile Stewardship 
  High Energy Density Science 
  Advancing Weapon Physics 
  Achieving Fusion Ignition 
  National Security Applications 
  Developing New Capabilities 
  Discovery Science | Lab Astrophysics 
  Nuclear Astrophysics 
  Planetary Physics 
  Plasma Physics 
  Expanding Photonics Frontiers | DoD Technologies 
  Advanced Optical Technologies 
  Advanced Photon Technologies 
  Advanced Laser Systems 
  Fiber Lasers 
  Materials for Laser Systems 
  Exploring Energy Security 
  Journal Articles 
  Livermore Inertial Fusion Energy References 
  NIF Users | NIF User Portal 
  User Guide 
  Experimental Capabilities 
  Shot RI Resources 
  Call for Proposals 
  Prior Year Awards | 2022 Awarded Campaigns 
  2021 Awarded Campaigns 
  2020 Awarded Campaigns 
  2019 Awarded Campaigns 
  2018 Awarded Campaigns 
  2017 Awarded Campaigns 
  2016 Awarded Campaigns 
  2015 Awarded Campaigns 
  2014 Awarded Campaigns 
  NIF User Group | Bylaws 
  Executive Board 
  NIF Calendar 
  Target Shot Metrics 
  Conflict of Interest Policy 
  Jupiter Laser Facility 
  Multimedia | Photo Gallery 
  Playing Cards 
  Poster Gallery 
  Video Gallery 
  Education | How Lasers Work 
  How to Make a Star 
  Outreach | Laser Roadshow 
  Summer Scholar Internship Program | Seminars 
  Student Spotlight 
  Scholar Tours 
  Glossary 
  External Resources 
  News | The Age of Ignition 
  In the News 
  NIF in the News: Video 
  Press Kit 
  Programs | Advanced Photon Technologies | Facilities 
  Publications 
  People 
  Job Postings 
  Contact 

 Search   

   Search      

 Search   

   Search      

 Mobile Menu  
 Site Menu  
 About 
  Science 
  NIF Users | NIF User Portal 
  User Guide 
  Experimental Capabilities 
  Shot RI Resources 
  Call for Proposals 
  Prior Year Awards 
  NIF User Group 
  NIF Calendar 
  Target Shot Metrics 
  Conflict of Interest Policy 
  Jupiter Laser Facility 
  Multimedia 
  Education 
  News 
  Programs 
  Contact 
  LLNL Menu  
 Missions 
  Research 
  Doing Business 
  News 
  About 
  Careers 
  Community 

 Secondary Menu  
 NIF Users    
 NIF User Portal 
  User Guide 
  Experimental Capabilities 
  Shot RI Resources 
  Call for Proposals 
  Prior Year Awards 
  NIF User Group 
  NIF Calendar 
  Target Shot Metrics 
  Conflict of Interest Policy 
  Jupiter Laser Facility 

 MEETINGS/WORKSHOPS   
 NIF and Jupiter User Group Meeting 2025 
   
 NIF USER GROUP   
 Join the NIF User Group 
  NIF Shot RI Training 
  Shot RI Training Courses and Tools 
  External LTRAIN 

 Home 
  NIF Users 
  2024 Discovery Science Call for Proposal 

 2024 Discovery Science Call for Proposal   
  REFERENCE LINKS:   Letter of Intent 
  NIF Proposal Instructions 
  Basic NIF Specs  
  (User Brown Bag) 
  Publications 
  NIF User Portal 
  Shot Calendar 
  Shot Metrics 

 LLNL is issuing a call for proposals for experiments in the Discovery Science (DS) program on the NIF starting nominally in FY2026 and extending into FY2027. We expect to allocate 14 days of facility time for DS experiments beginning in FY2026; this is necessary to accommodate disruptions to planned campaigns. As in previous years, if the FY25 or FY26 enacted budgets contain a significant cut to LLNL’s ICF Program, the time awarded to Discovery Science under this call may be reduced.  
 The application process is as follows:  
 Applicants shall enter a title and upload a Letter of Intent (LOI) via the | NIF User Portal | by | June 26, 2024. | The template for the LOI is available for download from the NIF User Portal. The LOI should be no more than three pages in length, including references and figures. The LOI should emphasize what capabilities are required from the facility to support the experiments, and should provide enough detail of the proposed investigations to allow the NIF User Office and the DS Program Leader to provide meaningful feedback. Applicants are free to submit as many proposals as they wish. A separate LOI must be submitted for each proposed campaign. 
  After NIF User Office and DS Program Leader feedback on the LOI is provided, applicants so invited may submit the full written proposal via the | NIF User Portal | by | September 18, 2024 | . Based on a review of the full proposal by the DS Technical Review Committee (TRC), the NIF Director will invite submitters of the top proposals to prepare an oral presentation in support of their proposal, which will be presented in the late-October time frame, via remote access. Decisions on the proposals are expected to be communicated before the end of December. Format and other relevant details for the oral presentation will be provided at the time invitations are made. 
  Facility access is allocated in units of time (typically “shot days”). The number of shots that can be accomplished per day is a function of experimental complexity. Awards will be made commensurate with the science needs of the proposal. Awards to date have been for one to three days per campaign. All researchers are welcome to apply, including those who have been awarded time in previous solicitations. The NIF DS TRC will use its discretion in evaluating new proposals from teams that have previously been awarded time but have not yet taken shots or produced and published data. Teams that have previously been awarded time and have taken shots will need to provide a description of what has been learned, the status of the analysis, and a list of any publications from previous NIF DS shots that have appeared or have been submitted for publication.  
 A resource for potential applicants is the NIF User Guide, which is available online at this link.  Any questions regarding this process or details regarding the NIF facility should be directed to NIF User Office staff. We are providing a single point of contact for facility questions; only responses from the NIF User Office Director, Kevin Fournier, should be taken as the facility guidance on capabilities  .  
 Proposal subject areas:  
 Researchers may apply for NIF facility time to execute experiments in any area of science accessible on the NIF. Proposals will be judged on their scientific merit and technical achievability. Science relevant to fusion ignition will be considered but will be judged solely on the basis of its quality as fundamental science. In particular, the results of the experiment must be of significant interest in other fields, consistent with guidelines for publication in a highly ranked journal. Examples of previously awarded successful proposals are available for prior years through 2023.   
 All researchers involved in NIF experiments will be required to follow LLNL policies and procedures regarding site access, computer use, and related topics. The PI for each research team that is awarded facility time through this call is encouraged to present their proposed research program at the NIF User Group Meeting that will take place in February 2024. (An award of shot time does not come with funding to support the PI’s travel to the NIF User Group Meeting.)  
 The facility welcomes proposals that use existing platforms, diagnostics, target fabrication and other capabilities. We also welcome proposals to develop new platforms that will use existing diagnostic capabilities in new ways or develop new capabilities. It is no longer necessary to choose one of these categories when creating a record in the NIF User Portal.  
 Research groups that have a novel idea that they think will make a good proposal in the future are invited to contact the nifuseroffice  [at] llnl.gov  (NIF User Office)   to request guidance on developing their ideas into concepts that can be pursued at the NIF or proposed in subsequent calls for DS proposals.  
 Eligible applicants:  
 Principal Investigators, Experimental Leads, and team members may be associated with a national laboratory, academic institution, or the private sector, and may be from the United States (US) or outside the US. Each LOI will undergo both technical review as well as a national security review consistent with LLNL and NNSA policies. Invitations to submit full proposals following the LOI review will reflect the outcome of that review. (Proposals submitted in response to this call will undergo both technical and national security reviews as well.)  
 How to apply:  Applicants will upload a completed LOI template via the NIF User Portal  by June 26, 2024  . Full proposals must be completed and submitted electronically by September 18, 2024  . Proposal instructions can be found on the Call for Proposal Website.   
 Further information regarding the LOI submission is available by contacting the NIF User Office: (925) 422-2179, nifuseroffice  [at] llnl.gov  (nifuseroffice[at]llnl[dot]gov.)    
 Proposal time frame and review process schedule:  
  
 Action | Date 
 Solicitation | 5/8/2024 
 Letters of Intent due (via NIF User Portal) | 6/26/2024 
 Feedback to PI on LOI and liaison assignments if requested | 7/17/2024 
 Final full proposals due (via NIF User Portal) | 9/18/2024 
 Facility Readiness Committee review | 9/18-10/02/2024 
 Technical Review Committee review | 9/18-10/02/2024 
 Invitation to top proposal submitters to prepare an oral presentation | 10/15/2024 
 Oral Presentation of top proposals (by invitation) | Late October - Early November 
 Award notifications | Early December 

 Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory   
 |  7000 East Avenue • Livermore, CA 94550 | LLNL-WEB-642493   
 Operated by the Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC for the Department of Energy's National Nuclear Security Administration Learn about the Department of Energy's Vulnerability Disclosure Program    

 Home  Disclaimer  Privacy Notice    

  