DSAA 2024    Key Dates 
  Calls | Research Track  Applications Track  Tutorials  JDSA Journal Track  MLJ Journal Track  Special Sessions  Student Forum 
  Program | Program at a Glance  Detailed Program  Keynotes  Panel Discussion  Student Forum  Accepted Contributions  Special Sessions  Private, Secure, and Trust Data Analytics (PSTDA2024)  Computational Imaging, Vision, and Language (CIVIL)  Advancing Materials Science Through Data Science  Learning from Temporal Data  Smart City Data Analytics: Applications and Implications 
  Attend | Registration  Venue & Accommodation  IEEE CIS Travel Grant 
  Organizers 
  Sponsors 
  For Authors | IEEE Ethics Reporting  Guidance for IEEE Publications Regarding AI-Generated Text  Camera-Ready Guidelines 

 Call for Paper - Research Track  
  About DSAA Research Track  
 The DSAA'2024 Research Track solicits high-quality, original papers presenting novel issues of Data Science and Advanced Analytics across various disciplines and domains, including business, government, health and medical science, physical sciences, and social sciences.  
 Topics of interests include but are not limited to:  
 Data science foundations and theories 
  Mathematics and statistics for data science and analytics 
  Understanding data characteristics and complexities 
  Machine/deep/statistical learning-based algorithms 
  Advanced analytics and knowledge discovery methods 
  Computer vision and pattern recognition 
  Optimization theories and methods 
  Large-scale databases, big-data processing, distributed processing, and ethical analytics 
  Model explainability and provenance 
  Theories and methods for evaluation, explanation, visualization, and presentation 
  Survey and review 
  Trustworthy and responsible data analytics 
  Data analytics for social good 
  Submissions for the DSAA'2024 Research Track should very clearly specify the problem being solved, what methodologies were used to solve the problem, what data was used, how the results were evaluated, and how the solution is being used.  
 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission: | May 2 | May 24 | , 2024 
  Paper Notification: July 24, 2024 
  Paper Camera-ready: August 21, 2024 
  Paper Submission  
 All papers should be submitted electronically via EasyChair  (under the "Research" Track).  
 The length of each paper submitted to the Research tracks should be no more than ten (10) pages and should be formatted following the standard 2-column U.S. letter style of IEEE Conference template. For further information and instructions, see the IEEE Proceedings Author Guidelines  .  
 All submissions will be blind reviewed by the Program Committee on the basis of technical quality, relevance to the conference's topics of interest, originality, significance, and clarity. Author names and affiliations must not appear in the submissions, and bibliographic references must be adjusted to preserve author anonymity. Submissions failing to comply with paper formatting and authors anonymity will be rejected without reviews.  
 Because of the double-blind review process, non-anonymous papers that have been issued as technical reports or similar cannot be considered for DSAA'2024. An exception to this rule applies to arXiv papers that were published in arXiv at least a month prior to DSAA'2024 submission deadline. Authors can submit these arXiv papers to DSAA provided that the submitted paper's title and abstract are different from the one appearing in arXiv.  
 Proceedings and Indexing  
 All accepted full-length papers will be published by IEEE and will be submitted for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library. The conference proceedings will be submitted for EI indexing through INSPEC by IEEE.  
 Important Policies  
 Reproducibility & supplementary: | The advancement of data science depends heavily on reproducibility. We strongly recommend that the authors release their code and data to the public. Authors can provide an optional two (2) page supplement at the end of their submitted paper (it needs to be in the same PDF file and start at page 3). This supplement can only be used to include (i) information necessary for reproducing the experimental results reported in the paper (e.g., various algorithmic and model parameters and configurations, hyper-parameter search spaces, details related to dataset filtering and train/test splits, software versions, detailed hardware configuration, etc.), and (ii) any data, pseudo-code and proofs that due to space limitations, could not be included in the main manuscript. 
  Authorship: | The list of authors at the time of submission is final and cannot be changed. 
  Dual submissions: | DSAA is an archival publication venue as such submissions that have been previously published, accepted, or are currently under-review at peer-review publication venues (i.e., journals, conferences, workshops with published proceedings, etc.) are not permitted. DSAA has a strict no dual submission policy. 
  Conflicts of interest (COI): | COIs must be declared at the time of submission. COIs include employment at the same institution at the time of submission or in the past three years, collaborations during the past three years, advisor/advisee relationships, plus family and close friends. Program chairs and Industry Poster chairs are not allowed to submit papers to the Industry Poster track. 
  Attendance: | At least one author of each accepted poster paper must register in full and attend the conference to present the poster. No-show posters will be removed from the IEEE Xplore proceedings. 
  AI Generated Text: | The use of artificial intelligence (AI)-generated text in an article shall be disclosed in the acknowledgements section of any paper submitted to an IEEE Conference or Periodical. The sections of the paper that use AI-generated text shall have a citation to the AI system used to generate the text. 
  Enquiries  
 General enquiries about Research Track paper submissions should be submitted to Track Chairs.  
 Research Track Chairs  
 Hanghang Tong, UIUC 
  Kristina Lerman, University of Southern California 

 DSAA 2024 | San Diego, CA, United States    

  