  

 Home 
  IEEE DSAA | About DSAA 
  DSAA Topics 
  Conference Guide 
  DSAA Awards 
  Keynote Speakers 
  General Chairs 
  Program Chairs 
  Sponsors/supporters 
  Advisory Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Call for Hosting DSAAs 
  Call for NGDS Award 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Past Conferences 
  Contacts 
  TF-DSAA | Home 
  Annoucements 
  About TF-DSAA 
  TF-DSAA Objectives 
  TF-DSAA Activities 
  TF-DSAA Organizers 
  TF-DSAA Membership 
  TF-DSAA Links 
  TF-DSAA Contacts 
  Datasciences.info 
  Links | ACM SIGKDD 
  American Statistical Association 
  IEEE Big Data Initiative 
  IEEE Computational Intelligence Society 
  ACM ANZKDD Chapter 
  Big Data Summit 
  IEEE TF-DSAA 
  IEEE TF-BESC 
  J. DSA 
  Data Analytics Series 

 Call for Hosting DSAA Proposals   
 We are currently soliciting bid proposals to host the future International Conference on Data Science and Advanced Analytics (DSAA’202x) in three years or later. While we will consider bids from all geographical regions, we particularly encourage bids from the regions following the Asia-Europe-America rotation pattern.  
 All bids should be made by individuals or groups backed up by a host academic and/or research institution (typically a university or research center) in the relevant domains and disciplines.  
 All enquiries regarding DSAA’202x bids should be directed to the chair of DSAA Steering Committee, Prof Longbing Cao ( bids@dsaa.co  ), while you can also talk to an Advisory Committee and Steering Committee member. You are strongly encouraged to initiate the discussions well before drafting your proposal and the bid deadline.  
 DASS Profile  
 DSAA has been competitively ranked in various ranking systems including CORE, CCF and Google Metrics, it is ranked A in CORE.  
 The DSAA conference was initially established in 2014, jointly technically sponsored by IEEE and ACM. Since 2015, DSAA has been fully sponsored by IEEE, becoming an IEEE conference, and co-sponsored by ACM, in addition to sponsorship from IEEE Big Data Initiative. In 2016, the American Statistical Association (ASA) officially started to sponsor DSAA; DSAA becomes the only data science event that is jointly sponsored by ACM, IEEE and ASA.  
 DSAA’2024 is held in San Diego, United States (Oct 6th-10th, 2024); DSAA’2023 in Thessaloniki, Greece (9-13 Oct, 2023); DSAA’2022 online (October 13-16, 2022); DSAA’2021 in Porto, Portugal (6-9 Oct 2021); DSAA’2020 in Sydney, Australia (6-9 Oct 2020); DSAA’2019 in Washington DC, USA (5-8 Oct 2019); DSAA’2018 in Turin, Italy (1-4 Oct 2018); DSAA’2017 in Tokyo, Japan (19-21 Oct 2017); DSAA’2016 in Montreal, Canada (17-19 Oct 2016); IEEE DSAA’2015 in Paris, France (19-21 Oct 2015); and DSAA’2014 in Shanghai, China (30 Oct-1 Nov, 2014), with over 200 participants from over 40 countries.  
 DSAA has firmly established itself as the premier forum in the area of data science, big data, advanced analytics, statistics, and machine learning for industry, government and academic participants. This is ensured by such features as a very competitive acceptance rate (about 10%) for regular papers, high profile core function chairs, 10 pages in IEEE double-column format by double-blind review, interdisciplinary and cross-domain engagement from statistics, industry, and government. The conferences hold three main tracks: Research, Applications, and Special Session tracks, in addition to the first day as the industry day, data science school, student poster sessions, and industry poster sessions. DSAA features unique values and activities, including the Trends & Controversies session, and the Invited Industry Talks session, to promote the development of data science, and encourage dialogue across disciplines and industry and academia. DSAA also have common activities, such as plenary keynote talks, panel sessions, associated tutorials, and social events.  
 Individuals and groups who are interested in hosting DSAA can find more information from the DSAA website ( www.dsaa.co  ), including links to past DSAA conferences, the Advisory Committee and Steering Committee. The DSAA conference guidance is available in the DSAA website.  
 DSAA Conference Settings  
 Timing:    
 The current DSAA conferences are organized in early October (between 1st and 10th Oct.) every year. Organizers may propose to adjust the timing with strong recommendations and supporting arguments, especially avoiding conflicting events and submission deadlines of relevant conferences.  
 Venue:    
 The past experience shows that DSAA is fast growing. We expect the attendance of DSAA’202x will see 10-30% increase on top of its previous year. The steering committee may expect the conference to be held in a professional hotel in a major city with easy access to local and international transportation facilities. The plans for holding exhibitions and poster sessions are encouraged.  
 Program:    
 In recent years, DSAA has included the following components:  
 the main conference program including special sessions of four days, incl.: | an industry day to highlight data science for industry, government and NGO 
  an opening reception with entertainment in the first evening 
  a banquet including an entertainment program and award ceremony in the second evening 
  the opening ceremony in the second morning 
  poster sessions in parallel to technical sessions or in the third evening 
  3-4 parallel technical sessions (1-2 for Research, 1 for Applications, and 1 for Special Sessions) 
  a plenary Trends & Controversies session/panel in the first afternoon 
  parallel Invited Industry Talks sessions (mixed with the technical sessions) 
  several tutorials sessions (mixed with the technical sessions) 
  a concluding session in the last afternoon with drinks 
  Bid Proposal Formation  
 A bid proposal may address the following items and provide according justification:  
 proposed organizing committee (with full contacts), in particular | local organizing teams (Local Arrangements Chairs) 
  conference chairs (2-3 from different regions and disciplines) 
  Research-PC Chairs (2-3 from different regions and disciplines) 
  Application-PC Chairs (2-3 from industry/government and different regions) 
  the conference city, venue and dates 
  local host institutions and financial support 
  new features and activities plan 
  engagement plan for industry/government organizations and sponsors 
  supporting plan for student and early-career professionals 
  plan for promotion and publicity 
  budget plan (translation to US dollars if local currency is different from US dollar) 
  local and global transportation information 
  accommodations covering different levels of requirements 
  visa requirements 
  The bid proposal should not exceed 20 pages. One active researcher (with full contacts including mobile number and skype account) in the field of DSAA is nominated as the main contact for the bidding communications and responding to clarification requests, which often come up during review.  
 DSAA Selection Criteria  
 The DSAA bid proposals will be reviewed by the DSAA steering committee in terms of the following selection criteria:  
 Organizer profile: the profiles of General chairs, Research – PC chairs, Application – PC chairs and profiles of tentative keynote speakers 
  conference dates: avoid potentially conflicting local or special holidays or events and submission deadlines of conferences in the relevant areas; encourage connections with co-located events and local community activities 
  conference location: convenience, affordability and attractiveness to local, regional and global industrial and academic conference attendees, including transportation (accessible major airlines and local transportation incl. trains, buses, shuttles, metros), flexible availabilities of accommodations, and visa requirements and procedures 
  conference venue: quantity, quality, availability and flexibility of meeting rooms, audio/video facilities, and exhibition hall. 
  budget balance and affordability: IEEE requests the commission of 20% revenue; affordable early-bird and regular registration fees for staff and students; 
  core function chair track record, leadership, relevance, experience, and balance in terms of relevant disciplines, domains, industry/academia, and male/female 
  local organizers experience in hosting comparable size and complexity of events; if a local conference organization company is involved, the balance of budget, benefits and affordability; plan for involving students and local groups as volunteers 
  engagement and sponsorship plan for local industry, research and government organizations, relevant professional bodies and organizations; the supporting plan and endorsement by the local organizer’s institution and/or government; co-location plan with other relevant local, regional and global events 
  catering for special needs of dietary restrictions and physical disabilities 
  Relevant Contacts  
 Interested individuals or groups may find the following information:  
 DSAA conference information: | www.dsaa.co 
  Bid proposal submission: | bids@dsaa.co 
  Bid enquiries: Longbing Cao ( | bids@dsaa.co | or | longbing.cao(a)gmail.com | ) 
  Past DSAA conferences: | www.dsaa.co 

 Email: contacts@dsaa.co   

  