                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

 Menu       
   
 Close       
 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Call for Contributions    

 Papers  
  
 TL;DR for Seasoned Authors  
 Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. 
  Papers submitted to EC’25 must select one of four methodological tracks and several content areas. The list of tracks and content areas can be found below. 
  EC’25 is continuing the forward-to-journal option as in previous years. 
  EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event. 
   
 Policy for Accepted Papers  
 At least one author  of each accepted paper must attend and present the paper. We are willing to make exceptions in rare cases such as severe illness, visa denial, or a death in the family. If no author(s) will be able to attend, please write back to us (the General Chair, PC Chairs, and Virtual Chair) and explain the reason(s) for your absence. In approved instances, the authors will have the opportunity to present their work in the online preview week, either live or self-recorded. The presentation time will be as in the conference 18 minutes.  
 Background  
 Since 1999, the ACM Special Interest Group on Economics and Computation (SIGecom) has sponsored the leading scientific conference on advances in theory, empirics, and applications at the interface of economics and computation. The 26th ACM Conference on Economics and Computation (EC’25) will feature invited speakers, a technical program of submitted paper presentations, workshops, and posters. EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event, taking place from July 7 through July 12, 2025 at Stanford University  .  
  We solicit paper submissions for presentation in the technical program.  
  
 Timetable for Authors  
 Monday, February 3, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Abstract submission deadline. 
  Monday, February 10, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Paper submission deadline. 
  Thursday, March 27, 2025: First-round decisions sent to authors. 
  Tuesday, April 22, 2025: Second-round reviews sent to authors for feedback. 
  Friday, April 25, 2025 (11:59pm AoE): Author responses due. 
  Saturday May 17, 2025: Paper accept/reject notifications. 
  TBA (11:59pm AoE): Camera-ready versions of accepted papers due. 
  July 7-12, 2025: Conference technical program. 
   
 Submission Instructions  
 Submit a Paper   
 Identifiers.  Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. The submission server will open mid-January.  
 Format.  The body of the submission (excluding the title page and the bibliography) may be up to 18 pages long. The title page should only contain the title, submission number, and the abstract. In addition, an appendix of arbitrary length may be included at the end of the paper only for the review process (i.e., an appendix will not appear if the paper is published). This appendix will be read at the discretion of the reviewers. To add the submission number to the title page, one must first submit a paper without a number, see what number was assigned, and then revise the submission to include this number. The body of the submission should contain a clear presentation of the contributions of the paper, including a discussion of prior work and an outline of the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. The submission as a whole should include all of the ideas necessary for an expert to fully verify the central claims in the paper. Submitted papers will be evaluated on significance of the contribution, originality, relation to prior research, technical quality, and exposition.  
 LaTex style files.  Authors will be required to format their submissions using the EC’25 LaTex style files   , which uses a single-column format with 10-point font. Papers that do not use the EC’25 LaTex style files or violate the page limit may be rejected without review.  
 Tracks.  Each submission must select one of four tracks that differ along methodological dimensions. The reviewing process of each track will be overseen by the corresponding Track Chair(s), who are primarily responsible for ensuring that consistent reviewing standards are applied to all papers in the same track. Authors should consider the description of the tracks to select which track best captures the research community according to whose standards their paper should be evaluated. Authors from any research community are welcome to submit to any of the tracks. EC’25 will use the following four tracks:  
 Theory: | Typical papers in this track make progress on existing theoretical problems, propose new ones, or introduce significant new techniques that could be applied more broadly. | Track chairs: Nima Haghpanah, Annie Liang,  Ruta Mehta, Mallesh Pai, Grant Schoenebeck | . 
  Applied Modeling: | Typical papers in this track propose and analyze novel models that capture real-world phenomena or provide fresh perspectives on previously studied applied problems. | Track chairs: Nick Arnosti, Eduardo Azevedo, Sigal Oren | . 
  Empirics: | Typical papers in this track draw significant insights from real or synthetic data, through access to new data sources or experiments, or through novel analysis of existing data sources or experiments. | Track chairs: Chiara Farronato, Denis Nekipelov | . 
  AI: | Typical papers in this track apply the methods and models of artificial intelligence, including both theoretical and computational approaches, to topics at the intersection of economics and computing. | Track chairs: Annie Liang, Grant Schoenebeck, Nisarg Shah | . 
  Areas.  Each submission must select at least one content area from the list provided below. Note that the areas are partially overlapping; if in doubt, authors are advised to select those area(s) that best fit their paper. Content areas will be used to match papers with a member of the Senior Program Committee (SPC) who is assigned to at least one of the paper’s areas. SPCs are responsible for shepherding papers through the review process and for making accept/reject recommendations to the Track and Program Chairs.  
 Agent-based modeling 
  Algorithmic fairness and data privacy 
  Auctions and pricing 
  Behavioral economics and bounded rationality 
  Blockchain and cryptocurrencies 
  Contract design 
  Crowdsourcing and information elicitation 
  Decision theory 
  Econometrics 
  Economic aspects of learning algorithms 
  Economic aspects of neural networks and large language models 
  Equilibrium analysis, including price of anarchy 
  Equilibrium computation and complexity 
  Fair division 
  Industrial organization 
  Information design 
  Laboratory and field experiments 
  Market design & matching markets 
  Market equilibria 
  Mechanism design 
  Online algorithms 
  Online platforms and applications 
  Social good and ethics 
  Social choice & voting theory 
  Social networks and social learning 
  Alternative venues.  In addition, we will ask the authors to specify alternative venues to which they would consider submitting the paper. We understand that different communities have different ways of highlighting the contribution and will use this information to match papers to reviewers familiar with the appropriate context.  
 Review process.  Each paper will be reviewed in detail by at least two referees.  
  There will be two stages of review, with some decisions announced on March 27 after first-round reviews, and the remaining decisions announced on May 17 after a second round of reviews. Between April 22-25, authors of papers undergoing second-round reviewing will be able to submit responses to the reviews, which will be taken into account by the review team.  
  The review process is double blind. Authors must take measures to ensure that their identity is not easily revealed from the submission itself. Authors should refer to their prior work in a neutral manner (i.e., instead of saying “We showed” say “XYZ et al. showed”).  
 Submission of code and data.  In the interest of reproducibility, authors are strongly encouraged to submit their code and data, if any. Such material should be archived as a single zip file and submitted as supplementary material.  
 One-page extended abstract option.  To accommodate the publishing traditions of different fields, authors of accepted papers can ask that only a one-page abstract of the paper appear in the proceedings, along with a URL pointing to the full paper. Authors should guarantee the link to be reliable for at least two years. This option is available to accommodate subsequent publication in journals that would not consider results that have been published in preliminary form in conference proceedings. Such papers must be submitted electronically and formatted just like papers submitted for full-text publication.  
 Submission of publicly available work (e.g., papers on arXiv).  (e.g., papers on arXiv). It is acceptable to submit work that has been presented in public (provided there are no published proceedings) or has been uploaded to arXiv or similar online archives, provided the submission itself is anonymized.  
 Simultaneous submissions to journals.  As in prior years, it is acceptable to simultaneously submit papers to EC’25 and to a journal, or to submit papers that are already under review at a journal, including papers that have already received a “revise and resubmit”, as long as the paper has not been accepted for publication prior to the EC submission deadline, and provided that the authors intend to publish the paper as a one-page abstract in EC. Papers that are accepted at EC’25 and appear as a one-page abstract can subsequently be submitted for publication in a journal but may not be submitted to any other archival conference (i.e., with published proceedings).  
 No other simultaneous submissions.  The following submissions are not allowed: (a) papers that are currently under review at another archival conference, (b) papers that have been accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference before the EC’25 submission deadline, (c) papers in which one or more of the contributions have previously been published or accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference.  
 Highlights beyond EC.  Papers that have already been published (or have been accepted for publication) in conferences or journals other than EC can be nominated (including self-nominations) for inclusion in a special plenary session at EC’25 called “Highlights beyond EC”, which is intended to highlight some of the best work in economics and computation that has appeared elsewhere. The corresponding call for nominations will be announced soon.  
 Forward to journal:  As in prior years, authors of accepted papers will have the option to select the forward-to-journal option to have the reviews forwarded to a journal of their choice. The decision to select or decline this option will take place when authors are submitting the camera-ready version of the paper (or one-page abstract) for the conference proceedings and additional instructions for authors will be provided at that time. Our partner journals are:  
 ACM Transactions on Economics and Computatio | n 
  American Economic Journal: Microeconomics 
  Algorithmica 
  Econometrica | Notes: | A submission would require the standard submission fee. Authors should clearly state in the cover letter that the paper is a forward to journal from EC 25. This would allow editors to get access to the reviews. In addition, | authors should submit the paper together with a short revision plan, instead of the detailed response letter that is submitted to reviewers in a revision. The Editor in charge could then use any subset of the EC reviewers he/she would find useful. The short “revision plan” is intended to prevent authors from spending significant time responding to comments and then having the paper dismissed if the Editor in charge doesn’t think there’s a path forward. 
  Games and Economic Behavior 
  International Economic Review 
  International Journal of Game Theory 
  Journal of Political Economy 
  Management Science | , Market Design, Platform, and Demand Analytics area 
  Marketing Science 
  Mathematics of Operations Research | , Game Theory area | Notes: The journal is open to considering forward-to-journals to other areas, if the authors believe a different area is a better fit. Please contact the Editor. 
  Operations Research | , Markets, Platforms, and Revenue Management area | Notes: Please read carefully the conference to journal submission policy. | https://pubsonline.informs.org/page/opre/conference-to-journal-submission-policy | When utilizing the forward-to-journal from EC to Operations Research, adding a response document discussing the reviewer comments and whether/how they have been addressed is recommended. 
  Quantitative Marketing and Economics 
  RAND Journal of Economics 
  Review of Economic Studies 
  Social Choice and Welfare 
  TheoretiCS 
  Theoretical Economics 
  We emphasize that the ultimate disposition of the paper is within the editorial discretion of each journal; in particular, there is no guarantee of acceptance if the forward-to-journal option is chosen. However, we do anticipate that this process should result in a faster decision from the journal.  
  
 Feature at INFORMS.  Authors of accepted papers can indicate if they wish to be considered for presenting their papers in special sessions at the 2025 INFORMS Annual Meeting, organized and sponsored by the INFORMS Auctions and Market Design (AMD) Section. To be considered for this fast-track selection process conducted by the AMD cluster chairs, authors will need to provide a short non-technical abstract (at most 500 characters) and indicate whether the intended presenter is an INFORMS job market candidate. The exact deadline to submit this information will be announced soon.  
 Conflict of interest.  Authors will have the opportunity to declare conflicts of interest (COIs) with Program Committee members. This must be done separately for each submission. Declaring COIs prevents the specified people from reviewing a paper, thereby constraining the matching process and so potentially negatively impacting review quality. For this reason, COIs should not be declared automatically based on a prior relationship. Instead, when declaring COIs, authors are asked to follow the ACM Conflict of Interest Policy  . Program Committee members can also declare a conflict of interest with authors as well as with specific papers.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy  will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 Questions?  
 Contact the PC chairs at ecchairs2025@gmail.com   

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Copyright © 2024 EC 2025. All rights reserved.  SIGecom    

   