STAF 2025   Tue 10 - Fri 13 June 2025 Koblenz, Germany    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Universität Koblenz 
  Location: Koblenz 
  Registration 
  How to get here? 
  Tracks | STAF 2025 
  Workshops 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ECMFA 
  ICGT | ICGT 
  ICGT  Research Papers 
  ICGT  Journal-First 
  Workshops 
  GCM 
  Co-located Conference 
  SLE 
  Contests 
  TTC 
  Organization | STAF 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ECMFA | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ICGT | Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  GCM | Program Committee 
  Co-located Conference 
  SLE | Organising Committee 
  Programme Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Contests 
  TTC | Organizing Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   STAF 2025 
  STAF 2024 
  STAF 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  STAF 2025  ( series  ) /  ECMFA 2025 ( series  ) /  ECMFA 2025  
   
 About 
  Call for Papers 
  The 21st European Conference on Modelling Foundations and Applications (ECMFA) will be held in Koblenz, Germany, (June 10-11, 2025) as part of STAF 2025 (Software Technologies: Applications and Foundations).  
 Aims and scope   
 The European Conference on Modelling Foundations and Applications (ECMFA) is the premier European forum dedicated to advancing the state of knowledge and fostering the application of all aspects of MBE and related approaches.  
 Its focus is on engaging the key figures of research and industry in a dialog that will result in stronger and more effective practical application of MBE, hence producing more reliable software based on state-of-the-art research results.  
 In the technical track, we invite high-quality submissions of technical research papers describing original and unpublished results related to MBE.  
   
 Call for Papers  
  
 We are soliciting papers presenting original research on all aspects of model-based engineering. Two types of submissions are possible:  
 Foundation Papers | , dealing with modeling foundations, such as metamodeling, model transformations, model validation, verification and testing, model engineering methods and tools, and related aspects. 
  Application Papers | , dealing with the application of modeling techniques, including experience reports on the use of MBE methods and tools, industrial case studies, or successful applications of MBE practices in industry or in public administration, with significant modeling lessons learned. All applications must have been done in real contexts and at least one of the authors of the paper must be from the company or administration where the application took place. 
  Submission process   
 Submissions must conform to the JOT LaTeX template ( https://www.jot.fm/templates/jot.zip  ) and must not exceed 14 pages (including figures, references, and appendices). Failure to conform to these guidelines may result in disqualification of the paper. No simultaneous submission to other publication outlets (either a conference or a journal) is allowed; any concurrent submission will be deemed as a serious breach of scientific ethics, resulting in the immediate rejection of the paper and appropriate action will be taken.  
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed by at least three members of the Program Committee.  
 All papers have to be submitted electronically in PDF format through Easychair (link to be published).  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Foundations of MBE | , including model transformations, domain-specific languages, verification and validation approaches, etc. 
  Novel paradigms | , formalisms, applications, approaches, frameworks, or processes for model-based engineering such as low-code/no-code development, digital twins, etc. 
  Interplay between MBE with and for | AI-based systems. 
  Application of MBE methods | , tools, and techniques to specific domains, e.g., automotive, aerospace, cyber-physical systems, robotics, Artificial Intelligence or IoT. 
  Successful use of MBE | in connection with other disciplines and approaches, such as Artificial Intelligence, DevOps, Open Source, or Safety Assurance. 
  Educational aspects of MBE. 
  Tools | and | initiatives | for the successful | adoption of MBE in industry. 
  Review criteria and process   
 The program committee will assess all papers for novelty, significance, technical quality, rigour, and suitability for the conference.  
 Contributions can be submitted to any of the two submission periods. In both rounds, each submitted paper can be recommended by the Program Committee to be accepted-as-is, accepted with minor revisions, undergo major revisions, or rejected.  
 Papers accepted at any of the two rounds with major or minor revisions will be given a specified period of time to perform the revisions and re-submit. The same reviewers will assess how well the authors have addressed the revision requests and whether the final paper maintains or improves the level of contribution of the original submission. Revisions that significantly lessen the contribution of the work or fail to address the reviewers’ original concerns adequately will result in the paper’s rejection. Papers not accepted but with a sufficient level of quality may be encouraged to be re-submitted next year, or alternatively as regular JOT articles, hence continuing their review process through the normal journal channels.  
 Papers will be published in the JOT journal as soon as they are accepted and one of their authors registers at the conference.  
 Artifacts   
 Artifacts are recommended but not required, for the initial submission. Depending on the papers, reviewers may take the existence of artifacts as a positive signal about the work. Also, depending on the papers, artifacts may be required as a condition for publication.  
 Publication   
 All accepted papers will be published as platinum open-access journal publications in JOT. At least one author for each accepted paper must register before the early registration deadline and present the paper during the conference. Failure to do so will result in the paper being withdrawn from the proceedings.  
 Contact   
 Chairs can be contacted using the following email address: ecmfa2025@easychair.org   

 Questions? Use the ECMFA contact form  .    
    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Fri 17 Jan 2025  
  Round 1 - Author Notification 
 Fri 31 Jan 2025  
  Round 2 - Abstract (Optional) 
 Fri 7 Feb 2025   
  Round 2 - Paper Submission 
 Fri 7 Feb 2025  
  Round 1 - Submissions of Revision 
 Fri 28 Mar 2025  
  Round 2 - Author Notification 
 Fri 11 Apr 2025  
  Round 2 - Submission of Revisions 
 Fri 2 May 2025   
  Final Notification to Authors 
 Fri 29 Nov 2024   
  Round 1 - Paper Submission 
 Fri 22 Nov 2024  
  Round 1 - Abstract (Optional) 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=staf2025     
   
 Organizing Committee    
   
 Robbert Jongeling Program Co-Chair    
 Mälardalen University   
 Sweden 
  Sébastien Mosser Program Co-Chair    
 McMaster University   
 Canada 
  Ralf Lämmel General Chair    
 Universität Koblenz   
 Germany 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Shaukat Ali    
 Simula Research Laboratory and Oslo Metropolitan University   
 Norway 
  Alessandra Bagnato    
 Softeam 
  Mireille Blay-Fornarino    
 Université Côte d'Azur; CNRS   
 France 
  Dominik Bork    
 TU Wien, Vienna, Austria   
 Austria 
  Erwan Bousse    
 Nantes Université   
 France 
  Stéphanie Challita    
 University of Rennes / IRISA   
 France 
  Federico Ciccozzi    
 Mälardalen University   
 Sweden 
  Loek Cleophas    
 Eindhoven University of Technology (TU/e) and Stellenbosch University (SU)   
 Netherlands 
  Davide Di Ruscio    
 University of L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Prof. Fiona Polack    
 University of Hull   
 United Kingdom 
  Esther Guerra    
 Universidad Autónoma de Madrid   
 Spain 
  Djamel Eddine Khelladi    
 CNRS, IRISA, University of Rennes   
 France 
  Dimitris Kolovos    
 University of York   
 United Kingdom 
  Nan Messe    
 IRIT - University of Toulouse   
 France 
  Judith Michael    
 RWTH Aachen University   
 Germany 
  Richard Paige    
 McMaster University   
 Canada 
  Alfonso Pierantonio    
 Università degli Studi dell'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Bernhard Rumpe    
 RWTH Aachen University   
 Germany 
  Maximilian Schiedermeier    
 Université du Québec à Montréal   
 Canada 
  Bran Selic    
 Malina Software Corporation   
 Canada 
  Perdita Stevens    
 University of Edinburgh   
 United Kingdom 
  Gabriele Taentzer    
 Philipps-Universität Marburg   
 Germany 
  Manuel Wimmer    
 JKU Linz   
 Austria 
  Steffen Zschaler    
 King's College London   
 United Kingdom 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 12:59    

  STAF 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Workshops    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ECMFA 2025   
  ICGT 2025   
  Workshops  
 GCM 2025   
  Co-located Conference  
 SLE 2025   
  Contests  
 TTC 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue: Universität Koblenz   
  Location: Koblenz   
  Registration   
  How to get to the Location Koblenz?    

  