ECOOP 2025   Mon 30 June - Fri 4 July 2025 Bergen, Norway    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Western Norway University of Applied Sciences 
  Getting There (And Away) 
  Weather 
  Tracks | ECOOP 2025 
  GPCE 
  Technical Papers 
  Workshops/Colocated Events 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Organization | ECOOP 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  GPCE 
  Technical Papers 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ECOOP 2025 
  ECOOP 2024 
  ECOOP 2023 
  ECOOP 2022 
  ECOOP 2021 
  ECOOP 2020 
  ECOOP 2019 
  ECOOP 2018 
  ECOOP 2017 
  ECOOP 2016 
  ECOOP 2015 
   2014: Uppsala 
  2013: Montpellier 
  2012: Beijing 
  2011: Lancaster 
  2010: Maribor 
  2009: Genova 
  2008: Cyprus 
  2007: Berlin 
  2006: Nice 
  2005: Glasgow 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ECOOP 2025  ( series  ) /  Technical Papers ECOOP 2025   
   
 Call for Papers   
 ECOOP is a conference about programming originally focused on object orientation, but now including all practical and theoretical investigations of programming languages, systems and environments. ECOOP solicits innovative solutions to real problems as well as evaluations of existing solutions.  
 Authors are asked to pick one of the following categories:  
 Research. | The most traditional category for papers that advance the state of the art. 
  Replication. | An empirical evaluation that reconstructs a published experiment in a different context in order to validate the results of that earlier work. 
  Experience. | Applications of known PL techniques in practice as well as tools. Industry papers will be reviewed by practitioners. We welcome negative results that may provide inspiration for future research. 
  Pearls/Brave New Ideas. | Articles that either explain a known idea in an elegant way or unconventional papers introducing ideas that may take some time to substantiate. These papers may be short. 
  Submissions   
 Submission must not have been published, or have major overlap with previous work. In case of doubt, contact the chairs. Proceedings are published in open access by Dagstuhl LIPIcs in the Dagstuhl LIPIcs LaTeX-style template  . To reduce friction when resubmitting, ACM’s PACMPL and TOPLAS formatted papers can be submitted as such (with the understanding that if accepted, they will be reformatted).  
 ECOOP uses double-anonymous reviewing. Authors’ identities are only revealed if a paper is accepted. Papers must omit author names and institutions, and use the third person when referencing the authors’ own work. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission; see the FAQ  . If in doubt, contact the chairs.  
 There is no page limit on submissions, but authors must understand that reviewers have a fixed time budget for each paper, so the length of the feedback is likely to be unaffected by length. Brevity is a virtue. Authors also have to consider that the camera-ready version must be (at most) 25 pages  in LIPIcs format (not including references).  
 Authors will be given a three-day period to read and respond to the reviews of their papers before the program committee meeting. Responses have no length limit.  
 ECOOP will continue to have two deadlines for submissions. Papers submitted in each round can be (a) accepted, (b) rejected, or (c) asked for revisions. Rejected papers that are submitted to the immediate next round can be desk-rejected if they do not sufficiently differ from the previous submission. Revisions can be submitted at any later round. Papers retain their reviewers during revision.  
 Review Criteria   
 Each paper will be evaluated based on the following criteria:  
 Soundness: How well the paper’s contributions are supported by rigorous application of appropriate research methods; 
  Significance: The extent to which the paper’s contributions are novel, original, and important, with respect to the existing body of knowledge; 
  Presentation: Whether the paper’s quality of writing meets the high standards of ECOOP. 
  After author response and reviewer discussion, papers will be accepted if the PC decides that the paper meets our high bar for Soundness and Presentation, and if ONE reviewer judges the paper to meet the bar for Significance. The goal of this process is to ensure quality of writing and confidence in results, while assuming that if one reviewer finds the paper to be significant then there will be readers who do so as well.  
 Artifact Evaluation and Intent   
 To support replication of experiments, authors of research papers may submit artifacts to the Artifact Evaluation Committee. They will be asked whether they intend to submit an artifact at submission time. It is understood that some papers do not have artifacts. AEC members will serve on the extended review committee.  
 Journal First and Journal After   
 We have Journal First/After arrangements with ACM’s Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS), Elsevier’s Science of Computer Programming (SCP) and AITO’s Journal of Object Technology (JOT).  
 Only new research papers are eligible to be Journal First (JF). JF papers will have an extended abstract in the ECOOP proceedings. The deadline is the same as Round 1 of submissions and the notification is aligned with Round 2 notification. TOPLAS JF papers should be submitted according to this announcement. SCP JF papers should follow this call for papers. JF papers are presented at the conference and eligible for awards.  
 Journal After (JA) papers are papers for which the authors request to be considered for post conference journal publication. Once accepted by the ECOOP PC, these papers will be forwarded to the journal editors. Reviews and reviewers will be forwarded and used at the editor’s discretion. JA papers will have an extended abstract (up to 12 pages) in the conference proceedings.  
   
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 6 Jan 2025   
  Round 1 Submissions 
 Mon 17 - Tue 18 Feb 2025  
  Round 1 Author response deadline 
 Fri 28 Feb 2025  
  Round 1 Notification 
 Wed 5 Mar 2025   
  Round 2 Submissions 
 Tue 8 - Thu 10 Apr 2025  
  Round 2 Author response deadline 
 Fri 25 Apr 2025  
  Round 2 Notification 
 Mon 30 Jun 09:00 - Wed 2 Jul 18:00 2025   
  Main conference 

 Programme Committee    
   
 Elvira Albert    
 Complutense University of Madrid   
 Spain 
  Jonathan Aldrich    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Aaron Bembenek    
 University of Melbourne   
 Australia 
  Einar Broch Johnsen    
 University of Oslo   
 Norway 
  Luís Caires    
 INESC-ID / Instituto Superior Tecnico, University of Lisbon   
 Portugal 
  Farzaneh Derakhshan    
 Illinois Institute of Technology   
 United States 
  Werner Dietl    
 University of Waterloo   
 Canada 
  Sophia Drossopoulou    
 Imperial College London   
 United Kingdom 
  Serena Elisa Ponta    
 SAP Security Research 
  Sebastian Erdweg    
 JGU Mainz   
 Germany 
  João F. Ferreira    
 INESC-ID and IST, University of Lisbon   
 Portugal 
  Carla Ferreira    
 NOVA University Lisbon   
 Portugal 
  Elisa Gonzalez Boix    
 Vrije Universiteit Brussel   
 Belgium 
  Ping Hou    
 University of Oxford   
 United Kingdom 
  Jules Jacobs    
 Cornell University 
  Sung-Shik Jongmans    
 Open University of the Netherlands; CWI   
 Netherlands 
  Robbert Krebbers    
 Radboud University Nijmegen   
 Netherlands 
  Mira Mezini    
 TU Darmstadt; hessian.AI; National Research Center for Applied Cybersecurity ATHENE   
 Germany 
  Daniele Nantes-Sobrinho    
 Imperial College London   
 United Kingdom 
  Federico Olmedo    
 University of Chile   
 Chile 
  Albert Rubio    
 Complutense University of Madrid   
 Spain 
  Alexandra Silva    
 Cornell University   
 United States 
  Peter Thiemann    
 University of Freiburg, Germany 
  Niki Vazou    
 IMDEA Software Institute 
  Michael Vollmer    
 University of Kent   
 United Kingdom 
  Di Wang    
 Peking University   
 China 
  Pascal Weisenburger    
 University of St. Gallen   
 Switzerland 
  Max Willsey    
 UC Berkeley   
 United States 
  Tobias Wrigstad    
 Uppsala University   
 Sweden 
  Jingling Xue    
 UNSW Sydney   
 Australia 
  Wenjia Ye    
 National University of Singapore   
 Singapore 
  Lingming Zhang    
 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign   
 United States 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 12:59    

  ECOOP 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 GPCE   
  Technical Papers   
  Workshops/Colocated Events   
  Doctoral Symposium    

 Attending  
 Venue: Western Norway University of Applied Sciences   
  Getting There (And Away)   
  Weather    
 Sign Up    

  