ECSA 2025   Mon 15 - Fri 19 September 2025 Limassol, Cyprus    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: The St. Raphael Resort – 5 * 
  Travel Information 
  Accommodation 
  Local information 
  Tracks | ECSA 2025 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Tools & Demos 
  Call for Workshops 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ICTSS | ICTSS 
  ICTSS  General Track 
  Organization | ECSA 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ICTSS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ECSA 2025 
  ECSA 2024 
  ECSA 2023 
  ECSA 2022 
  ECSA 2021 
  ECSA 2020 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ECSA 2025  ( series  ) /  Call for Papers ECSA 2025   
   
 Call for Papers 
  Call for Papers  
  
 The European Conference on Software Architecture (ECSA) is the premier European software architecture conference, providing researchers, practitioners, and educators with a platform to present and discuss the most recent, innovative, and significant findings and experiences in the field of software architecture research and practice.   
 The 19th European Conference on Software Architecture (ECSA 2025) will be held from September 15 to 19, 2025. ECSA 2025 is planned as an in-person conference taking place in the beautiful city of Limassol (Cyprus).   
  
  Scope    
 The theme for ECSA 2025 is “impactful software architecture”. The software architecture discipline has had a critical role in shaping robust, scalable, and maintainable systems. We are interested in learning about software architecture principles and practices, emergence trends and case studies highlighting strategic architectural choices that can lead to enhanced performance, improved collaboration, and long-term sustainability. The overarching question is how these architectural principles and practices, both well-established and emerging, are making an impact in real-world systems, and how that impact is being felt across various domains, from enterprise systems to more novel areas like, e.g., AI-driven or autonomous applications?   
 The Program Committee of 19th European Conference on Software Architecture seeks submissions of original and unpublished high-quality papers describing fundamental and applied research; new methods, approaches, and processes; novel applications; education and training in software architecture; and experience reports on all topics related to software architecture.   
 We particularly encourage papers that demonstrate that diversity in gender, culture, religion, country, etc. are key factors for success and innovation in software architecture.   
   Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
 Foundational principles of software architecture 
  Relationship of requirements engineering and software architecture 
  Quality attributes and software architectures 
  Architecture practices for secure, explainable, and trustworthy software 
  Architecture design and analysis 
  Architecture description languages and meta-models 
  Architecture verification and validation 
  Management of architectural knowledge, decisions, and rationale 
  Architecture patterns, styles, and tactics; reference architectures 
  Architecture viewpoints and views 
  Architecture conformance 
  Software architecture virtualization and visualization 
  Architecture-centric process models and frameworks 
  Software architecture and agile, incremental, iterative, and continuous development 
  Component-based models and deployment; middleware 
  Software architecture and system architecture 
  Software tools and environments for architecture-centric software engineering 
  Ethics, cultural, economic, business, social, human, and managerial aspects of software architecture 
  Architecture and technical debt 
  Architecting for sustainable and environment friendly systems 
  Applying AI and LLMs in software architecture and architecting for AI and LLM intensive systems. 
  Software architecture education 
  Cross-disciplinary approaches to software architecture 
  Architectures for reconfigurable and self-adaptive systems 
  Architectural concerns of autonomic systems 
  Software architecture applied to new and emerging areas, such as the cloud/edge, big data, blockchain, cyber-physical systems, IoT, autonomous systems, systems-of-systems, energy-aware software, quantum computing, AI-enabled systems 
  Empirical studies, systematic literature reviews, and mapping studies in software architecture 
  Diversity, equity, and inclusion in activities related to software architecture 
   
  Paper Submissions    
 ECSA 2025 seeks four types of papers for the research track:   
 Research papers   (max. 16 pages in LNCS style) which describe novel contributions to software architecture research (submissions should cover work that has a sound scientific/technological basis and has been validated) 
  Education and training papers   (max. 16 pages in LNCS style) that address methodologies, experiences and best practices for teaching and training software architecture 
  Experience reports   (max. 16 pages in LNCS style) that cover innovative implementations, novel applications, insightful performance results and experience in applying software architecture research advances to practical situations and systems 
  Short papers   (max. 8 pages in LNCS style) that present novel and preliminary work-in-progress or challenges in a topic of software architecture research, education, and training. Submissions must have a sound basis, but not necessarily be validated in full. 
  All submitted papers will undergo a rigorous double-blind peer review process. Papers will be selected based on originality, quality, soundness, and relevance. All contributions must be original, not published, accepted, or submitted for publication elsewhere. Contravention of this concurrent submission policy will be deemed a serious breach of ethics, and appropriate action will be taken in all such cases. Plagiarism checking will be conducted and any paper reporting more than a 20% match with published work will be desk-rejected.   
 To note is that research papers, education and training papers, and experience reports that are rejected in their categories may be re-evaluated as short papers only if the committee decides on rejection of the full paper on the basis that it presents preliminary work.   
 The research track of ECSA 2025 supports an Open Science policy. We encourage all contributing authors to disclose (anonymized and curated) data/artifacts to increase reproducibility. Note that sharing research artifacts is not mandatory for submission or acceptance. Upon submission to the research track, authors are required:   
 To make their artifacts available to the program committee (via a link to an anonymous repository) and provide instructions on how to access this data in the paper; or 
  To include in the paper an explanation as to why this is not possible or desirable; and 
  To indicate why they do not intend to make their data or study materials publicly available upon acceptance, if that is the case. 
  While sharing research artifacts is not mandatory for submission or acceptance, authors are required to include a Data Availability statement after the Conclusions section in a section named "Data Availability". This statement should explain whether or not data and/or artifacts are available or how they could be accessed (or not). Upon acceptance, papers with Open Science artifacts (e.g., data, tools, etc.) will be invited to upload their artifacts into the ECSA Zenodo community (https://zenodo.org/communities/ecsa) to make them accessible and visible to the ECSA community. Sharing artifacts via the ECSA Zenodo community is required for authors to be eligible for the best Open Artifact award.   
 All contributions must be formatted according to the Springer LNCS style http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0. Page limits include figures and references.   
 Contributions need to be submitted in PDF format via EasyChair to the ECSA 2025 Research Track:  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ecsa2025    . Please select the “Research Track” in EasyChair for your submission and click "Continue".   
 The proceedings will be published by Springer as part of the LNCS series. We also plan to organize a Special Issue on the theme of ECSA 2025 and to invite authors of selected papers to submit an extended version of their research.   
  
  Important Dates    
 Main Conference:   
 Abstract submission: March 14, 2025 
  Paper submission: March 21, 2025 
  Notification: May 9, 2025 
  Camera-ready paper: June 23, 2025 
  All dates are 23:59h AoE (Anywhere on Earth).   
  
  Program Co-Chairs    
 Nour Ali, Brunel University London, UK   
 Jacopo Soldani, University of Pisa, Pisa   

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Fri 14 Mar 2025  
  Abstract Submission 
 Fri 21 Mar 2025  
  Paper Submission 
 Fri 9 May 2025  
  Notification of Acceptance 
 Mon 23 Jun 2025  
  Camera Ready Paper 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ecsa2025     

 x  Wed 4 Dec 13:00    

  ECSA 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Call for Papers   
  Call for Tools & Demos   
  Call for Workshops    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ICTSS 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue: The St. Raphael Resort – 5 *   
  Travel Information   
  Accommodation   
  Local information    
 Sign Up    

  