  Toggle navigation         
 Conferences 
  Journals 
  Membership 
  Library 
  Search 

 About | About 
  Conference FAQs 
  Executive & Program Committees 
  Future & Past Conferences 
  Testimonials 
  Program | Overview 
  Keynote & Invited Speakers 
  Best Papers by Country Sessions 
  Workshops 
  SIGs 
  Emerging Scholar Stream 
  Innovators Playground / Corporate Exhibits 
  Present | Call for Proposals 
  Topics 
  Deadlines 
  Presentation Types 
  Submission Guide 
  Presenter Guide 
  Proceedings Guide 
  Innovators Playground / Corporate Exhibits 
  Review Policy & Application 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Register | Registration 
  Volunteer 
  Barcelona Hotel & Travel 
  Social Events 
  Sponsor 
  Conference Planner 
    
 Email 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  RSS 
  Twitter 
  YouTube 

 EdMedia    
   
 May 19-23, 2025  
 Barcelona, Spain  

 EdMedia Call for Papers  

 Call for Proposals: December 20   

 Submission Form    
 INVITATION  
 EdMedia, the premier international conference in the field since 1987, spans all disciplines and levels of education attracting researchers and practitioners in the field from 40+ countries.  
 This annual conference offers a forum for the discussion and exchange of research, development, and applications on all topics related to Innovation and Education.  
 EdMedia is an international conference organized by the Association for the Advancement of Computing in Education (AACE)  .  
 We invite you to attend EdMedia + Innovate Learning and submit proposals for papers, workshops, posters and innovative showcases. The Conference Review Policy  requires that each proposal will be peer-reviewed by for inclusion in the conference program and proceedings available on LearnTechLib–The Learning and Technology Library  .  
   
 TOPICS   
 The scope of the conference includes but is not limited to, the following major topics as they relate to the educational and developmental aspects of multimedia/hypermedia and telecommunications. Sub-topics listed here  .  
 AI in Education 
  Advanced Technologies for Learning and Teaching 
  Assessment and Research 
  Educational Policy, Reform, and Innovation 
  Evaluation and Quality Improvement Advances 
  Global Networks, Partnerships, and Exchanges 
  Innovative Approaches to Learning and Learning Environments 
  Open Education 
  Technologies for Socially Responsive Learning 
  Virtual and Distance Education 
  PRESENTATION TYPES   
 F2F Presentations  Virtual Presentations   
 The Technical Program includes a wide range of interesting and useful activities designed to facilitate the exchange of ideas and information.  
 Keynote Speakers 
  Invited Panels/Speakers 
  Full & Brief Papers: Research or Practice Based 
  Posters/Demonstrations 
  Innovators Playground | Exhibits 
  Workshops 
  Roundtables 
  Symposia 
  Virtual Papers 
  For Presentation descriptions, and information about what to submit with your proposal, click here  .  
 CORPORATE PARTICIPATION  
 A variety of opportunities are available to present research-oriented papers, or to showcase and market your products and services at the Innovators Playground  . For information about Corporate Showcases (30 minutes) and Corporate Demonstrations (2-hours, scheduled with the Poster/Demos), click here  .  
 PROCEEDINGS  
 Accepted papers will be published in the Proceedings as well as in LearnTechLib, The Learning and Technology Library  . These publications will serve as major sources of information for the community, indicating the current state of the art, new trends and new opportunities.  
 Selected papers may be invited for publication in may be invited for publication in AACE’s respected journals  .  
 Please note that reviewers may reject submissions if the written product shows exceedingly poor grammar or structure. For this reason, all papers and presentations—especially those written by non-native English speakers—should be proofread or copyedited prior to submission.  
 PAPER AWARDS  
   
 Papers present reports of significant work or integrative reviews in research, development, and applications. All presented papers will be considered by the Program Committee for Outstanding Paper Awards. There will also be an award for Outstanding Student Paper (therefore, please indicate with your submission if the primary author is a full-time student).  
 See previous award papers  featured in the LearnTechLib Digital Library  proceedings.  
  
 To request further information and keep informed about the EdMedia Conference, click here  .  
 If you have a question about the EdMedia Conference, please send an e-mail to AACE Conference Services.   

 Email 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  RSS 
  Twitter 
  YouTube 
    
 The Association for the Advancement of Computing in Education (AACE), founded in 1981, is an international, not-for-profit, educational organization with the mission of advancing Information Technology in Education and E-Learning research, development, learning, and its practical application. AACE serves the profession with international conferences, high quality publications, leading-edge Digital Library, Career Center, and other opportunities for professional growth.   
   
 About 
  Contact 
  AACE Review 
  LearnTech U 
  AACE Connect 
  Information Request 
  Privacy Policy 
    
 Conferences 
  EdMedia 
  eLearn 
  SITE 
  Conference Hosting 

 Let AACE Organize Your Next Conference 
    
 Journals 
  AACE Review 
  E-Learning 
  Math & Science 
  Multimedia 
  Interactive Learning 
  Teacher Education 
  Online Learning 
  Contemporary Issues 

 Membership 
  myAACE 
    
 Library 

  © 2024 Association for the Advancement of Computing in Education (AACE). All Rights Reserved.   

 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept  Reject  Read More     
 Privacy & Cookies Policy    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

 Non-necessary   Non-necessary     
   
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

  