  Toggle navigation         
 Conferences 
  Journals 
  Membership 
  Library 
  Search 

 About | About 
  Conference FAQs 
  Executive & Program Committees 
  Future & Past Conferences 
  Testimonials 
  Program | Overview 
  Keynote & Invited Speakers 
  Best Papers by Country Sessions 
  Workshops 
  SIGs 
  Emerging Scholar Stream 
  Innovators Playground / Corporate Exhibits 
  Present | Call for Proposals 
  Topics 
  Deadlines 
  Presentation Types 
  Submission Guide 
  Presenter Guide 
  Proceedings Guide 
  Innovators Playground / Corporate Exhibits 
  Review Policy & Application 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Register | Registration 
  Volunteer 
  Barcelona Hotel & Travel 
  Social Events 
  Sponsor 
  Conference Planner 
    
 Email 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  RSS 
  Twitter 
  YouTube 

 EdMedia    
   
 May 19-23, 2025  
 Barcelona, Spain  

 EdMedia Presentation Types  

 Full Paper: Research 
  Full Paper: Practice Based 
  Brief Paper 
  Roundtables 
  Poster 
  Innovators Playground 
  Symposia 
  Workshop 
  Virtual Paper 

 FULL PAPER: RESEARCH  
  (F2F and Virtual)  
  Presentation time:  25 minutes  
  Submission length:  6–10 pages (1875–4950 words)  ; an abstract is not sufficient to be evaluated as a Full Paper.  
  Proceedings length:  6-10 pages  
 Papers present reports of significant work or integrative reviews in research, development, applications, and societal issues related to all aspects of the conference topics  .  
  FULL PAPER: PRACTICE BASED  
 (F2F and Virtual)  
 Presentation time:  25 minutes  
  Submission length:  6-15 pages (2500-7400 words); an abstract is not sufficient to be evaluated as a Full Paper  
 Proceedings length:  6-15 pages  
    
 Papers present reports of significant work or integrative reviews in research, development, applications, and societal issues related to all aspects of the conference topics  .  
  BRIEF PAPER: RESEARCH BASED &  
 BRIEF PAPER: PRACTICE BASED  
 (F2F and Virtual)  
  Presentation time:  20 minutes  
  Submission length:  4-6 pages (1250-3750 words)  
  Proceedings length:  4-6 pages (1250-3750 words)  
 These papers are brief, more condensed presentations or work-in-progress projects.  
 The submission should clearly indicate:  
 what is going to be shown or demonstrated or offered; 
  the major aspects; 
  the context or motivation; 
  relevant URL’s or literature references. 
   
  ROUNDTABLES  
  (F2F Only)  
  Presentation time:  1 hour  
  Submission length:  2-6 pages (625-1875 words)  
  Proceedings length:  4-6 pages (1250-3750 words)  
 These sessions allow maximum interaction in informal, small-group discussions on a single topic. The format is appropriate for papers, projects, or work-in-progress that encourage discussion. Roundtables share a room with 2 – 3 other concurrently held Roundtables.  
 If you wish to bring a PC, you could demonstrate a new piece of software, illustrate the process of using it, show participants some of the complexities and tricks about it, and give them an opportunity to try it themselves.  
 Internet (via your wireless card) and electricity will be provided. A screen and projector will not be provided as this is an informal small group discussion environment not conducive for projecting images from a distance.  
 These sessions are also appropriate for discussion of instructional strategies, procedures, and evaluation procedures. The idea is not to give a definitive workshop on the topic but to provide participants with enough information to help them decide whether their needs can be met with the program or procedure.  
 If software is to be discussed, include a description of the software and the objectives of the session.  
  POSTERS & STUDENT POSTERS  
  (F2F Only)  
  Presentation time:  1 hour  
  Submission length:  1-4 pages  
  Proceedings length:  4-6 pages (1250-3750 words)  
 Poster sessions enable researchers and non-commercial developers to demonstrate and discuss their latest results and developments in progress in order to gain feedback and to establish contact with similar projects.  
 We now invite students to submit proposals for review and acceptance to the Posters/Demos event!  
 Poster proposals must include:  
 Description of the planned Poster; should emphasize the problem, what was done, and why the work is important 
  Poster presenters will be required to arrange for their own systems software and hardware.  
  INNOVATORS PLAYGROUND EXHIBITS   
 (F2F Only)  
  Presentation time:  1 hour  
  Submission length:  1-3 pages, Logo/Graphic & URL required with submission  
  Proceedings length:  150 words (published only in Conference online schedule)  
 Demonstrate and discuss your company’s products, services, developments, applications and research, inform the audience of your future directions, gain feedback, and establish contacts. Presentation rooms generally accommodate 250 people, exhibit-style.  
 Attendees  can experience hands-on activity with the top creative and learning technologies in an interactive space.  
 Practitioners  will share activities, tools, curriculum currently experiencing success using at their institution!  
 Exhibitors  have the outstanding opportunity to connect one-on-one with 1,200+ decision makers and influencers from over 60+ countries in the field of education!  
  SYMPOSIA  
  (F2F Only)   
  Presentation time:  1 hour live presentation  
  Submission length:  4-6 pages  
  Proceedings length:  4-6 pages for each paper  
 A Symposium is a collection of Full and/or Brief Papers on a theme that has been coordinated and led by the symposium’s leader(s). Each Symposium that is accepted will be allocated two adjacent hour-long slots in the conference program.  
 The Symposium leader should provide an abstract briefly describing the symposium and a submission file with the following sections:  
 introduction that links the theme to the literature and its significance for the field of information technology and education, around 150 word abstracts of each paper, 
  list of paper titles and authors, with their organizations, and countries in the order they will be presented and indicating which will be presented the first and second hours, and 
  outline of how the symposium will be organized. 
  After acceptance, the Symposium coordinator will be asked to invite Symposium authors to submit their papers to a specific web site. Until then, authors should NOT submit their individual papers for the Symposium.  
 Contributing authors may choose to publish their papers in the Proceedings as a Full or Brief Paper. The Symposium abstract will only appear in the conference Abstracts book.  
  WORKSHOPS  
  (F2F Only)  
  Presentation time:  3 hours for F2F, 90 minute live virtual presentation  
  Submission length:  2-6 pages  
  Proceedings length:  no pages required,  
 Workshops are intended to enhance the skills and broaden the perspective of their attendees. They should be designed to introduce a rigorous framework for learning a new area or to provide advanced technical training in an area. Submissions will be selected on the basis of the instructors’ qualifications for teaching the proposed Workshop and their contribution to the overall conference program. Workshop presenters receive one complimentary registration.  
 Equipment Note:  An instructor PC, projector, screen and WIFI will be provided for the room. Due to the extra expense required, a lab of computers cannot be furnished. If your Workshop is hands-on, please state what equipment you will bring or that participants should BYOL-Bring Your Own Laptop.  
 Workshop proposals must include:  
 Clear description of the objectives 
  Intended audience (experience level and prerequisites) 
  Proposed length (3 hours or 6 hours) 
  200-word abstract 
  1-page topical outline of the content 
  Summary of the instructor’s qualifications 
   VIRTUAL ASYNCHRONOUS BRIEF PAPERS  
   
 Presentation time:  15 minutes  
  Submission length:  4-6 pages (1250-3750 words)  
  Proceedings length:  4-6 pages (1250-3750 words)  
 In consideration of presenters who may be unable to present a live online session, Asynchronous Presentations carry the same validity (publication, certification, etc.) and hold many of the same requirements as the live sessions. These papers are pre-recorded and available to attendees to view and comment, ask questions, and discuss with presenters throughout the conference.  
 All virtual sessions are presented asynchronously. Accepted submission authors will create a pre-recorded video and provide a URL link to that video. We can only accept YouTUbe or Vimeo links. Videos should not exceed 15 minutes.  
 Authors will also have access to all conference papers and presentations via AcademicExperts.org  . Asynchronous presenters are required to post an opening comment/question on their presentation page, and respond to attendee feedback during the conference week.  

 To be included in the Final Program, accepted Virtual Presenters must register by the confirmation deadline  and submit their presentation file. All presentation files will be reviewed.  
   
 Virtual Paper sessions enable research, developers, and practitioners to present and asynchronously discuss, via the conference website and online Discussion board, their latest results and developments in progress in order to gain feedback and to establish contact with similar projects.  
 These papers are brief, more condensed presentations or work-in-progress projects. These sessions also may be new extensions to existing projects, newly initiated projects, and/or projects underway that include opportunities for additional partners.  
 Virtual Paper proposals must include:  
 Description of the planned Paper should emphasize the problem, what was done, and why the work is important 
  The submission should clearly indicate:  
 what is going to be shown or demonstrated or offered 
  the major aspects 
  the context or motivation 
  relevant URLs or literature references 
  To be included in the Final Program, accepted Virtual Presenters must register by the confirmation deadline  and submit their PPT or PPTX (without audio or video) presentation file. All presentation files will be reviewed.   
 Pre-Recording Videos    
 Accepted authors have the option to pre-record their presentations and upload to YouTube or Vimeo. Once your video is created, you can upload your URL through the Submissions Main Menu  . Please also upload a regular version of your PPT through the same menu.   

 Email 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  RSS 
  Twitter 
  YouTube 
    
 The Association for the Advancement of Computing in Education (AACE), founded in 1981, is an international, not-for-profit, educational organization with the mission of advancing Information Technology in Education and E-Learning research, development, learning, and its practical application. AACE serves the profession with international conferences, high quality publications, leading-edge Digital Library, Career Center, and other opportunities for professional growth.   
   
 About 
  Contact 
  AACE Review 
  LearnTech U 
  AACE Connect 
  Information Request 
  Privacy Policy 
    
 Conferences 
  EdMedia 
  eLearn 
  SITE 
  Conference Hosting 

 Let AACE Organize Your Next Conference 
    
 Journals 
  AACE Review 
  E-Learning 
  Math & Science 
  Multimedia 
  Interactive Learning 
  Teacher Education 
  Online Learning 
  Contemporary Issues 

 Membership 
  myAACE 
    
 Library 

  © 2024 Association for the Advancement of Computing in Education (AACE). All Rights Reserved.   

 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept  Reject  Read More     
 Privacy & Cookies Policy    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

 Non-necessary   Non-necessary     
   
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

  