  Toggle navigation         
 Conferences 
  Journals 
  Membership 
  Library 
  Search 

 About | About 
  Conference FAQs 
  Executive & Program Committees 
  Future & Past Conferences 
  Testimonials 
  Program | Overview 
  Keynote & Invited Speakers 
  Best Papers by Country Sessions 
  Workshops 
  SIGs 
  Emerging Scholar Stream 
  Innovators Playground / Corporate Exhibits 
  Present | Call for Proposals 
  Topics 
  Deadlines 
  Presentation Types 
  Submission Guide 
  Presenter Guide 
  Proceedings Guide 
  Innovators Playground / Corporate Exhibits 
  Review Policy & Application 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Register | Registration 
  Volunteer 
  Barcelona Hotel & Travel 
  Social Events 
  Sponsor 
  Conference Planner 
    
 Email 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  RSS 
  Twitter 
  YouTube 

 We have redesigned our website, and some pages are no longer available. Please contact [email protected]   if you have questions about missing content.  
 Some of the new content may be on another page. You may want to try searching for it below:  

 Email 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  RSS 
  Twitter 
  YouTube 
    
 The Association for the Advancement of Computing in Education (AACE), founded in 1981, is an international, not-for-profit, educational organization with the mission of advancing Information Technology in Education and E-Learning research, development, learning, and its practical application. AACE serves the profession with international conferences, high quality publications, leading-edge Digital Library, Career Center, and other opportunities for professional growth.   
   
 About 
  Contact 
  AACE Review 
  LearnTech U 
  AACE Connect 
  Information Request 
  Privacy Policy 
    
 Conferences 
  EdMedia 
  eLearn 
  SITE 
  Conference Hosting 

 Let AACE Organize Your Next Conference 
    
 Journals 
  AACE Review 
  E-Learning 
  Math & Science 
  Multimedia 
  Interactive Learning 
  Teacher Education 
  Online Learning 
  Contemporary Issues 

 Membership 
  myAACE 
    
 Library 

  © 2024 Association for the Advancement of Computing in Education (AACE). All Rights Reserved.   

 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept  Reject  Read More     
 Privacy & Cookies Policy    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

 Non-necessary   Non-necessary     
   
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

  