 

  20th European Dependable Computing Conference  
  8-11 April 2025   
  Lisbon, Portugal   
   
 Home >   
     
 Technical information   
  Important Dates >   
  Call For Papers >   
  Workshops >   
  Call for Posters >   
  Student Forum >   
  Fast Abstracts >   
  Keynotes >   
  Technical Program >   
  Info for Presenters >   
     
 General Information   
  Venue and Travel >   
  Social Programme >   
  Local Information >   
  Registration >   
  Accommodation >   
  Committees >   
  Past Editions >   
  Call For Sponsorships >   
  Sponsors >   
  Diversity-Equity Conduct >   

 Call for Papers  
 Overview  
  We live in turbulent times where technology is ever-changing, and new paradigms keep arising. Many of them could be game changers from an industrial perspective, like in-memory and quantum computing or novel artificial intelligence techniques. However, their dependable and secure adoption in computer-based systems we rely on for our everyday lives (from edge devices to large-scale systems) is far from simple.  
 The European Dependable Computing Conference (EDCC) is a pivotal event in the domain of dependable and secure computing systems. It serves as a unique forum for researchers and practitioners to present and discuss their latest research results on theory, techniques, systems, and tools for the design, validation, operation and evaluation of dependable and secure computing systems.  
 In addition to original research papers, EDCC welcomes contributions on dependability and security in practice and their application to industrial domains. The conference also provides a natural meeting place for ongoing dependability and security projects to present their state of advancement and innovative results.  
 The conference program will be enriched by workshops, a student forum, fast abstracts and posters tracks, offering an ideal venue for exchanging ideas and networking.  
 The flyer for the call for papers is now available for download  .  
 Topics  
  The conference covers a broad perspective on dependability and security, which includes, but is not limited to:  
  
 Hardware and software architecture of dependable systems; 
  Dependability and security modelling, evaluation, benchmarking, and tools; 
  Safety-critical systems design and analysis; 
  Artificial Intelligence for dependability and security; 
  Fault-tolerant networks, protocols and systems; 
  Time-sensitive networks and ultra-reliable low-latency communication; 
  Mixed-criticality systems design and evaluation; 
  Testing and validation methods; 
  Dependability and security of: 
  Artificial Intelligence systems; 
  Cyber-physical systems, e.g. smart grids, intelligent vehicles, (Industrial) Internet of Things; 
  Cloud, fog, and edge computing systems; 
  Data analytics application; 
  Databases and distributed ledgers (including blockchains); 
  Data protection and data privacy; 
   
 Important dates   
   
 Abstract Submission | Sep 30 th  , 2024  → Oct 7 th  , 2024 (1 week extension) 
 Full Paper Submission | Oct 7 th  , 2024  → Oct 21 st  , 2024 (2 weeks extension) 
 Author Notification | Dec 9 th  , 2024 
 Camera-ready paper | Jan 17 th  , 2025 

 All dates refer to AoE time (Anywhere on Earth)    
 Paper Categories  
  The conference invites submissions in the following categories:  
 Regular papers | (up to 8 pages) solicited on theory, techniques, systems, and tools for designing, validating, operating and evaluating dependable and secure computing systems, covering any fault model, from traditional hardware and software faults to accidental and malicious human interactions. 
  Practical experience reports | (up to 6 pages) dedicated to dependability and security in practice, applying tools and techniques to new challenging problems or domains. 
  Industry papers | (from 4 up to 6 pages) directly related to industrial use cases applicability and scalability issues of recent techniques, novel technological challenges, and novel applications of practical aspects of dependability. Most of the authors must be affiliated with the industry. Papers will undergo the regular review process but with a high emphasis on their practical aspects and insights into industrial applications. 
  Short papers | (up to 4 pages) describing preliminary research work (position papers) or a description outlining the design or implementation of a tool or the prototyping of an operational system. 
   
 References are included in the page limit for papers submitted to any category.  However, after the paper's acceptance references will not be included in the page limit to enable authors to better address the reviewers' comments.  
 Paper Submission  
  All contributions must be electronically submitted through the dedicated EasyChair submission web page (EDCC 2025)  .  
 Submitted papers must be written in English and follow the two-column format. The submission category must be clearly stated on the first page. Pages must be numbered. Templates and further details can be found here  .  
 Distinguished Papers  
  Submissions will be judged on originality, significance, correctness, and impact. Three papers among those accepted will be awarded a distinction and presented in a dedicated session during the conference. Full research papers and practical experience reports are eligible for the distinction.  
  
 Contacts  
  Technical Program Committee Chair  
  David de Andrés Martínez - ddandres@disca.upv.es   

  