    

 Home 
  Call For Papers 
  Organizing Committee 
  Parallel Events 
  Publication Ethics and Malpractice Statement 

 Call For Papers  

 Theme:  
  New Goals, New Measurements, New Incentives to Learn:   
  In a world where AI can excel and outperform humans in many cognitive tasks, educational  
  systems need to reconsider their goals from the ground up. As AI is expected to reshape the  
  labor market, the social mechanisms that have shaped students’ incentives to learn may  
  diminish or, at the very least, change. This presents an opportunity, and perhaps even a  
  necessity, for communities like EDM to help learners of all ages find their own voices and take  
  greater responsibility for their learning journey. Reshaping goals and priorities would also  
  require developing new ways to measure learning gains and processes to include more  
  complex constructs, like critical thinking, creativity, and ability to evaluate and incorporate new  
  information. The educational data mining community, with its expertise in both AI and education,  
  and its commitment to harnessing AI for the benefit of future generations, is in an ideal position  
  to lead the way in this brave new world  

 Topics of Interests  :  
  Topics of interest to the conference include but are not limited to:  
 Developing new techniques for mining educational data 
  Bridging EDM research and learning sciences | Informing data mining research with educational and/or motivational theories 
  Actionable advice rooted in educational data mining research, experiments, and outcomes 
  Evaluating the efficacy of curriculum and interventions 
  Domain Knowledge Modeling | ○ Deriving representations of domain knowledge from data 
  ○ Algorithms for discovering relationships, associations, and prerequisite structures between learning resources 
  ○ Algorithms to improve existing domain models 
  ○ Human-in-the-loop methods to collect domain knowledge models, including crowd-sourcing and expert tagging 
  Educational Recommenders, Instructional Sequencing, and Personalized Learning | Learning resource recommendation algorithms, remedial recommendations, and learner 
  choice in selecting the next activity 
  Goal-oriented instructional sequencing 
  Personalized course recommendations 
  Peer recommendation for collaborative learning 
  Methodologies for evaluating educational recommender systems and sequencing algorithms 
  Equity, Privacy, Transparency, and Fairness | Ethical considerations in EDM 
  Legal and social policies to govern EDM 
  Developing privacy-protecting EDM algorithms and detecting learner privacy violations in 
  existing methods 
  Developing and applying fairer learning algorithms, and detecting and correcting instances of algorithmic unfairness in existing methods 
  Human Factors, Transparency, and Explainability | Developing, improving, and evaluating explainable schemes for EDM systems 
  Human factors that shape educational users’ acceptance of EDM-based 
  recommendations 
  Educational users’ trust and attitudes towards EDM technologies 
  Learner Cognitive and Behavior Modeling and its association with performance | Modeling and detecting students’ affective and cognitive states (e.g., engagement, confusion) with multimodal data 
  Temporal patterns in student behavior including gaming the system, procrastination, and 
  sequence modeling 
  Data mining to understand how learners interact with various pedagogical environments such as educational games and exploratory learning environments 
  Learner Knowledge and Performance Modeling | Automatically assessing student knowledge 
  Learner knowledge gain and forgetting models in domains with complex concept structures 
  Modeling real-world problem-solving in open-ended domains 
  Causal inference of students’ learning 
  Predicting students’ future performance 
  Detecting cheating and academic dishonesty 
  Comparing Human and Artificial Intelligence | Analyzing generative AI’s capabilities to perform complex learning tasks 
  Developing methods to identify the use of generative AI in learning environments (e.g., for cheating) 
  Learning Analytics | Institutional analytics 
  Learner profiling 
  Multimodal analytics 
  Social and Collaborative Learning | Modeling student and group verbal and non-verbal interactions for collaborative and/or competitive problem-solving 
  Social network analysis of student and teacher interactions 
  Data mining to understand how learners interact in formal and informal educational contexts 
  Peer-assessment modeling 
  Social learner modeling 
  Reproducibility | Replicating previous studies with larger sample sizes, in different domains, and/or in more diverse contexts 
  Facilitating accessible benchmarking systems and publishing educational datasets that are useful for the community 

 Submission Types:   
  For all tracks, the acknowledgements and references sections at the end of the paper does not  
  count towards the listed page limits. Note that long papers with borderline scores will not be  
  accepted as short papers. It is the authors’ responsibility to consider the best fit for their  
  submission in terms of length.  
 Full Papers — 10 pages. Should describe original, substantive, mature, and unpublished | work. 
  Short Papers — 6 pages. Should describe original, unpublished work. This includes early | stage, less developed works in progress. 
  JEDM Journal Track Papers — Papers submitted to the Journal of Educational Data Mining | track in the section “EDM 2025 Journal Track” (and accepted before May 31, 2025) will be | published in JEDM and presented during the JEDM track of the conference. 
  Industry Papers — 6 pages. Should describe innovative uses of EDM techniques in a | commercial setting. 
  Doctoral Consortium — 2-4 pages. Should describe the graduate/postgraduate student’s | research topic, proposed contributions, and results so far. See below for details. 
  Posters/Demos — 2-4 pages. Posters should describe original unpublished work in progress | or last-minute results. Demos should describe EDM tools and systems, or educational | systems that use EDM techniques. 
  Workshop proposals — 2-4 pages. Should describe the organizers’ plan both to conduct the | workshop (e.g., format, rough schedule, proposed list of speakers) and to stimulate growth in | the workshop’s area of focus. 
  Tutorial proposals — 2-4 pages. Should motivate and describe succinctly the field or tool that | will be presented, as well as a plan for attendees to learn it in a hands-on w 

 Submission   
 All accepted papers will be published in the proceedings of the conference, except for the Journal track as stated above. Workshop papers will be published based on the decision and under the responsibility of the workshop organizers. 
  All paper submissions must be submitted for double-blind reviewing. 
  All papers must not have been submitted for publication at other venues. 
  Links to existing source code are encouraged, however to keep the double-blind reviewing we suggest using a service such as Anonymous GitHub (https://anonymous.4open.science). 
  All papers – except the papers submitted to the JEDM Journal Track, see below – should be formatted according to the EDM template: | Word: | https://educationaldatamining.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/edm_word_template2024.docx 
  LaTex: | https://educationaldatamining.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/EDM-template2024.zip 
  Papers not adhering to the provided templates, not respecting the page limits associated to the respective track, making unauthorized changes (e.g., decreasing font sizes, altering the position of captions in figures and tables, changing margins of columns or between sections, or allowing text, figures and/or tables to extend beyond the column margins), or failing to comply with accessibility guidelines (e.g., not providing alt text for figures) may be rejected without review. 
  Accepted papers will be subject to the EDM publication agreement, available at | https://educationaldatamining.org/EDM_ORG/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/IEDMS-publishing-agreement.docx | , which is based on Creative Commons 4.0. DOIs will be assigned to all the accepted papers via Zenodo, and an ISBN will be included in the proceedings. The papers will also be submitted for indexing consideration by DBLP, Google Scholar, and Scopus. 
  (Submission link will be made available soon. )  

 JEDM Journal Track Papers   
  JEDM track papers should be formatted according to the JEDM guidelines and should be submitted to the journal directly at: https://jedm.educationaldatamining.org/index.php/JEDM/about/submissions Select the option “EDM 2025 Journal Track” in the corresponding Section box.  

 Important Dates   
  All dates refer to 23:59 (11:59 pm) anywhere on Earth  . All deadlines are firm. No extension will  
  be granted.  

 JEDM track papers [three cut-off dates]  
  cut-off deadline 1 | October 13, 2024 
 cut-off deadline 2 | December 2, 2024 
 cut-off deadline 3 | January 26, 2025 
 Abstracts for full and short papers | February 13, 2025 
 Full papers and short papers | February 20, 2025 
 Industry papers | February 20, 2025 
 Workshop and Tutorial proposals | March 1st, 2025 
 Doctoral consortium papers | March 11, 2025 
 Posters and demos | March 18, 2025 
 Acceptance notifications for workshop and tutorial submissions | March 22, 2025 
 Acceptance notifications for full, short, and industry papers | April 10, 2025 
 Acceptance notifications for posters, demos, and doctoral  
  consortium papers | April 25, 2025 
 Application deadline for student volunteers | April 20, 2025 
 Revisions due for submissions with conditional accept decisions | April 30, 2025 
 Camera-ready copy due | May 10, 2025 
 Conference Workshop Day | July 20, 2025 
 EDM | July 21-23, 2025 

 Announcements 

 © 2024 Educational Data Mining 2025   

 Website by: Surfzone Technologies    

 Scroll Up    