    
      
 Institute for Data Engineering   

 Institute for Data Engineering   
    
 EN    

 EN    

 Home | Home | Home       Home    People | Stefan Schulte 
  Dominik Schallmoser 
  Avik Banerjee 
  Elmira Ebrahimi 
  Nisal Hemadasa 
  Anh Tu Hoang 
  Michael Sober 
  Nimet Eylem Tas 
  Job openings | Stellenausschreibung 
  Teaching | Teaching | Teaching       Teaching    Current Academic Year 
  Open Thesis Topics 
  Research | Research | Research       Research    Publications 
  Projects 
  Awards and Prizes 
  Contact 

 IDE >   Research     

 The Institute for Data Engineering  is currently conducting research in the following areas, as well as in related areas. Information on ongoing and past projects can be found at the project website  , while our scientific papers are listed on our publication website  .  
 Blockchain Technologies for the Internet of Things  
 In the Christian Doppler Laboratory Blockchain Technologies for the Internet of Things (CDL-BOT)  , researchers work on different research questions which aim to make Distributed Ledger Technologies (DLTs) suitable for applications in the Internet of Things (IoT).  
 The research problems taken into account range from blockchain interoperability to lightweight DLTs and support for software developers. CDL-BOT aims at making DLTs a commodity in the IoT - for applications ranging from trustful data exchange and data storage to payment mechanisms.  
 CDL-BOT is located at TU Hamburg and TU Wien. The laboratory is financed by Austria's Federal Ministry for Digital and Economic Affairs and its industrial partners Pantos (Austria) and the IOTA Foundation (Germany).  
 Federated Learning  
 Today's machine learning approaches typically rely on large amounts of data being sent to a centralized component, which is very often located in the cloud. Apart from the fact that organizations and private persons are often not very keen on sharing raw data in an intransparent way, such centralized approaches to machine learning may also lead to a too large communication overhead.  
 In our research, we therefore investigate novel approaches to artificial intelligence at the edge, applying federated learning for this. In federated learning, machine learning is done in a distributed way by independent nodes. Only after a local model has been generated, the model is shared with other nodes, thus decreasing the amount of data to be exchanged by several magnitudes. Also, raw data does not need to be shared at all, thus increasing data privacy.  
 In our research, we investigate novel ways to minimize the communication overhead in federated learning environments while still achieving excellent learning results. Also, the identification of meaningful learning "cohorts", i.e., groups of nodes which collaborate in federated learning, is one of our research directions. While the focus of this research is on industrial settings, the outcomes can be applied to arbitrary smart systems.  

 TU Hamburg  
 Institute for Data Engineering   
 E-19   
 Blohmstraße 15   
 D-21079 Hamburg   
   
 Links  
    
 Imprint      
 Data Privacy     

  