Skip to content  facebook 
    Search      
 Eurographics      

 HOME 
  NEWS | open dropdown menu | General news 
  Mailing list 
  News archive 
  MEMBERSHIP | open dropdown menu | EG membership 
  Membership management 
  ABOUT EG | open dropdown menu | About EG 
  Organization 
  History 
  Fellows 
  Junior Fellows 
  Volunteering 
  Workshops Board and Working groups 
  Local Chapters 
  Educational activities 
  Affiliated societies 
  Obituaries 
  AWARDS | open dropdown menu | Eurographics Awards Programme 
  Eurographics Gold Medal 
  Distinguished Career Award 
  Outstanding Technical Contributions Award 
  Eurographics Young Researcher Award 
  EuroVis Early Career Award 
  Eurographics PhD Award 
  EuroVis PhD Award 
  Best Paper Awards 
  PUBLICATIONS | open dropdown menu | Eurographics Publications 
  Computer Graphics Forum 
  Eurographics Bibliography Database 
  Open Access 
  Guidelines 
  CGF COVER CONTEST 
  EG EVENTS | open dropdown menu | EG Events 
  Information for EG Event Organizers 
  Eurographics Cooperation With Other Bodies 
  Diversity Scholarship 
  DOCUMENTS | open dropdown menu | Public Documents 
  General Assembly doc. 
  EXB documents 
  EXC Documents 
  CONTACT | open dropdown menu | Contact / Legal Notice 

 open menu     
 Eurographics Young Researcher Award  
   
 DESCRIPTION  
 The Young Researcher Award is given each year to two young researchers in the field who have already made a significant contribution. The intent of this award is to recognize people early on in their career who have already made a notable contribution and are likely to make more.  
 RECIPIENTS  
 2024 Thomas Müller  , Justus Thies   
  2023 Simone Melz  i  , Ana Serrano   
  2022 Angela Dai  , Jürgen Bernard   
  2021 Adrián Jarabo  , Tobias Günther   
  2020 Marcel Campen  , Duygu Ceylan   
  2019 Benjamin Bach  , Matthias Niessner   
  2018 Thabo Beeler  , Sofien Bouaziz   
  2017 Alec Jacobson  , Belen Masia   
  2016 David Bommes  , Wenzel Jakob  
   2015 Daniele Panozzo  , Chris Wojtan   
  2014 Maks Ovsjanikov  , Tobias Ritschel   
  2013 Wojciech Jarosz,  Johannes Kopf   
  2012 Alexander Hornung,  Andrei Sharf   
  2011 Stefan Bruckner  , Elmar Eisemann   
  2010 Anat Levin,  Sylvain Lefebvre   
  2009 Yaron Lipman  , Christian Theobalt   
  2008 Michael Goesele  , Olga Sorkine   
  2007 Mario Botsch,  Jan Kautz   
  2006 Mark Pauly,  Marco Tarini   
  2005 Pierre Alliez,  Hendrik Lensch   
  2004 Paolo Cignoni,  Frédo Durand   
 ELIGIBILITY RULES  
 To be eligible the candidate should have 2-7 years of experience since completion of PhD. Extensions are possible under certain documented circumstances:  
 – Maternity: 18 months extension for each child born before or after the PhD. If the applicant can document a longer maternity leave, the eligibility period will be extended by the documented amount of actual leave taken until the call deadline.  
 – Paternity: extension by the documented time of paternity leave taken until the call deadline for each child born before or after the PhD award.  
 – Long-term illness or national service: extension by the documented amount of leave taken by the researcher, until the call deadline, for each incident which occurred after the PhD award date.  
 The call deadline is conventionally set at Dec. 31st of the year before the current award edition.  
 The occurrence of any of these conditions should be highlighted in the candidate’s nomination.  
 Nominations:  EG Members and any member of the graphics research community may nominate individuals for the award by using the following online form  .  
  Candidates for the Young Researcher Award in year N must have finished their PhD in the year N–6 or later.  
  For questions regarding the awards program, please contact the Awards Chair Christian Theobalt using the following Email address: eurographics-technical-awards@eg.org  .  
  Nominations for the 2025 technical awards shall be sent in by October 27th 2024.   

 Eurographics   

  