 EICS 2023   
  The 15th ACM SIGCHI Symposium on Engineering Interactive Computing Systems    
    
 Computational Foundry, Swansea, Wales, UK - June 26–30, 2023   
 Toggle navigation        
 Overview 
  About EICS 
  Committee 
  Programme 
  Accepted Contributions for EICS 2023 
  Registration 
  Submissions | Doctoral Consortium 
  Full Papers 
  Late Breaking Results 
  Demonstrations and Posters 
  Workshops 
  Venue 
  Financial Support 

 Full Papers and Technical Notes submissions  
 EICS full papers and technical notes are published as articles in the journal Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (PACM - EICS series). There are three submission deadlines per year, and authors can choose when to submit. Papers follow the traditional journal model of reviewing: papers may be accepted after submission and review, or may be recommended for revisions and re-submission to the next round to enable authors to refine papers based on reviewer recommendations.  
 Submissions for the journal of this venue should present original and mature research work within the scope of the conference. New from this year: accepted journal papers can be either regular research papers, or technical notes. Technical Notes are shorter, more focused contributions, that focus specifically on system contributions and technical work. Elucidating technical details of complex interactive systems, preferably ensuring the work can be reproduced or put to practice, is a primary objective of a Technical Note. Tech Notes require an illustrative example of the system, and they can, but do not need to, be validated by formal user evaluations or user studies. Validation can also be done through e.g. simulation, feasibility, or comparisons. Tech Notes will be judged on their technical merits and relevance to interactive systems concerns.  
 There are no length restrictions on Full Papers and Technical Notes, nor any limit to the number of references that may be included. We advise authors to ensure the length of their papers is in function of the contributions. Concise and clear is often to be preferred above lengthy and verbose.  
 Topics include but are not limited to:   
 Modeling, specification and analysis of interaction and interactive systems 
  Model-based development of interactive software 
  Requirements engineering for interactive systems 
  Methods, processes, principles and/or tools for building interactive systems (e.g., design, implementation, prototyping, evaluation, verification and validation, testing) 
  Software architectures for interactive systems 
  Formal methods within interactive systems engineering 
  Certification issues of methods, tools, and processes to create interactive systems 
  Frameworks, toolkits, domain-specific languages and APIs for interactive systems 
  Languages and notations for describing user interfaces and interactions 
  Integrating engineering issues in the design process of interactive systems 
  Engineering design tools 
  Engineering evaluation tools 
  Supporting design in interactive development processes 
  Computational-Interaction Systems and Techniques 
  Interactive data-driven systems 
  Engineering interactive applications with emerging technologies (e.g., adaptive, context-aware, tangible, haptic, touch and multitouch input, voice, gestures, EEG, multimodal input, mobile and wearable systems, AI, (augmented, mixed, virtual) realities...) 
  Engineering hardware/software integration in interactive systems (e.g., fabrication and maker processes, physical computing, cyber-physical systems…) 
  Engineering interactive systems for various user categories (e.g., children, elderly, people with disabilities,…) 
  Engineering interactive systems for various application domains (e.g., health, home, entertainment, desktop, avionics, space, nuclear, civil protection, law enforcement, emergency services and calamity management...) 
  Engineering interactive systems for specific properties (user experience, usability, safety, security, dependability, …) 
  Engineering smart interactive systems (e.g. recommending, adaptive, intelligent) 
  Building Human-centred AI systems (integrating explainable AI, intelligible design, human-in-the-loop, adaptive and context-aware, interactive agents…) 
  Anonymization policy  
 The papers review process is based on reviewing where the identities of both the authors and reviewers are kept hidden (but ACs know these details). Authors are expected to remove author and institutional identities from the title and header areas of the paper, as noted in the submission instructions (Note: changing the text color of the author information is not sufficient). Also, please make sure that identifying information does not appear in the document’s meta-data (e.g., the ‘Authors’ field in your word processor’s ‘Save As’ dialog box). In addition, we require that the acknowledgments section be left blank as it could also easily identify the authors and/or their institution.  
 Further suppression of identity in the body of the paper is left to the authors’ discretion. We do expect that authors leave citations to their previous work unanonymized so that reviewers can ensure that all previous research has been taken into account by the authors. However, authors are required to cite their own work in the third person, e.g., avoid “As described in our previous work [10], ... ” and use instead “As described by [10], ...”  
 If you for some very specific reasons have challenges with writing the paper in an anonymous way, please contact the track chairs you are planning to submit to and ask for advice. In order to ensure the fairness of the reviewing process, we use a review process where external reviewers don’t know the identity of authors, and authors don’t know the identity of external reviewers. In the past few years, some authors have decided to publish their submissions in public archives prior to or during the review process. These public archives have surpassed in reach and publicity what used to happen with tech reports published in institutional repositories. The consequence is that well-informed external reviewers may know, without searching for it, the full identity and institutional affiliation of the authors of a submission they are reviewing. While reviewers should not actively seek information about author identity, complete anonymization is difficult and can be made more so by publication and promotion of work during the review process. While publication in public archives is becoming standard across many fields, authors should be aware that unconscious biases can affect the nature of reviews when identities are known. EICS does not discourage non-archival publication of work prior to or during the review process but recognizes that complete anonymization becomes more difficult in that context.  

 Submission Information  
 The reviewing process for full papers follows the Proceedings of the ACM (PACM) model. The submission and review process will take place three times annually, and accepted papers will be published in issues of the PACM on Human-Computer Interaction journal  . More can be found at http://eics.acm.org/pacm  .  
   
 Full Papers should be written in the ACM format, see: ACM  .  
 The PACM-EICS submission deadline for the Second round of submissions is 24th October 2022. Papers are submitted using https://new.precisionconference.com   
   
 Important dates  
 Note: submission to earlier deadlines allows time for revision cycles before the conference.  
 EICS PACM 2023 Round 1  
 22/07/2022 - Submission deadline  
   
 EICS PACM 2023 Round 2  
 24/10/2022 - Submission deadline  
   
 EICS PACM 2023 Round 3 (WITH EXTENSION)  
 17/02/2023 - Submission deadline  
 24/02/2023 - Submission deadline  
 28/02/2023 - Editorial Board assignments  
 05/03/2023 - Reviewer assignments  
 23/03/2023 - Reviews  
 27/03/2023 - Meta-reviews  
 29/03/2023 - Notification of reviews to authors  
 03/04/2023 - Deadline for rebuttal  
 10/04/2023 - Final meta-review  
 12/04/2023 - PC meeting  
 14/04/2023 - Final notification  
 TBD/05/2023 - Camera-ready  
   
 Full papers chairs  
 Kris Luyten, kris.luyten@uhasselt.be   
 Carmen Santoro, carmen.santoro@isti.cnr.it   
   
 Sponsors  

  