    EKAW-24 
  Proceedings 
  Calls | Calls for Contributions 
   Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Program | Program Overview 
   Accepted Papers 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Accepted Posters and Demos 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Attending | Important Dates 
   Venue 
   Registration 
   Accomodation, Attending and more 
  Organisation & Sponsoring | Organising Committee 
   Sponsorship Packages 
  Sponsors | Our Sponsors 
   Job Opportunities 

 EKAW 2024  

 Call for Papers  
   
 The 24th International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management (EKAW-24) encompasses the diverse realms of eliciting, acquiring, modeling, and managing knowledge. The conference addresses the pivotal role of knowledge in constructing systems and services for the semantic web knowledge management knowledge discovery, information integration, natural language processing intelligent systems e-business, e-health, humanities, cultural heritage, and beyond.  
 EKAW-24's Special Theme: Knowledge in the Age of Language Models (LMs). In addition to the topics above this year's conference invites research articles focusing on algorithms tools methodologies, and applications that leverage the interplay between knowledge and LMs. The contributions should deepen our understanding of how LMs contribute to the dynamic landscape of knowledge acquisition and engineering and vice versa.  
 All submissions, including those related to LMs, should establish a clear connection to Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management or demonstrate a significant impact on the field. While acknowledging the interdisciplinary nature of knowledge and its interplay with other disciplines and technologies, such as Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Computer Vision contributions lacking direct relevance to Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management will not be considered pertinent to the EKAW conference.  

  Topics of interest  
   
  Knowledge and (Small/Large) Language Models (LMs)    
 LM-enhanced ontology and knowledge engineering methodologies and tools 
  Ontology evaluation via LMs 
  (Ontological) knowledge memorization in LMs 
  Knowledge-based techniques for LMs (Retrieval Augmented Generation based approaches fact-checking, and bias mitigation) 
  Question answering over knowledge graphs via LMs 

  Knowledge Engineering and Acquisition    
 Methods, techniques, and tools for knowledge acquisition and ontology engineering (e.g., ontology learning and population, ontology design patterns) 
  Ontology mapping and alignment 
  Ontology evaluation and metrics 
  Collaborative knowledge engineering 
  Multimodal Knowledge Engineering and Acquisition 

  Knowledge Management and Governance    
 Methods, techniques, and tools for knowledge management and ontology governance 
  Knowledge evolution, maintenance, and preservation 
  Knowledge sharing and distribution 
  Methods for accelerating take-up of knowledge management technologies 

  Ethical and Trustworthy Knowledge Engineering    
 Ethics, trust, and privacy in knowledge representation and reasoning 
  Explainable AI 
  Provenance, trust, and transparency in knowledge management 
  FAIR data and FAIR knowledge 
  Inclusivity and diversity in knowledge representation 

  Social and Cognitive Aspects of Knowledge Engineering    
 Knowledge representation inspired by cognitive science 
  Synergies between humans and machines 
  Knowledge emerging from user interaction and (social) networks 
  Knowledge ecosystems 
  Crowdsourcing in knowledge management 

  Knowledge discovery    
 Data mining for knowledge construction 
  Text mining and ontology engineering 
  Classification and clustering for knowledge management 
  Mining patterns and association rules 
  Neuro-symbolic Artificial Intelligence 

  Domain-specific Applications    
 eGovernment and public administration 
  Life sciences, health, and medicine 
  Humanities and Social Sciences 
  Cultural Heritage and Digital Libraries 
  ICT4D (Knowledge in the developing world) 

  Timeline  
 ⚠ This section will be updated with specific dates for each track.  
 All submission deadlines are 23:59:59 AoE.   
   Download ICS file     
   
 Abstract Submission Deadline  
 July 01, 2024    

 Full Paper Submission Deadline  
 July 05, 2024  July 12, 2024    

 Notification of Acceptance  
 September 10, 2024    

 Camera Ready Deadline  
 September 24, 2024    

 Conference Days  
 November 26-28, 2024    

  Contribution Types  
   
 EKAW-24 distinguishes between research, in-use, and position papers. The papers will all have the same status and follow the same formatting guidelines in the proceedings but will receive special treatment during the reviewing phase. In particular, each paper type will be subject to its own evaluation criteria:  
 Research papers  : These are standard papers presenting a novel method, technique, or analysis with appropriate empirical or other types of evaluation as a proof-of-concept. The main evaluation criteria here will be originality, technical soundness, and validation. 
  In-use papers  : These are papers describing knowledge management and engineering applications in real environments. Applications must address a sufficiently interesting and challenging problem, work with real-world data, and involve real users. The focus is less on the originality of the approach and more on presenting systems that solve a significant problem while addressing the particular challenges that come with the use of real-world data. Evaluations are essential for this type of paper and should involve a representative subset of the actual users of the system. 
  Position papers  : These are papers describing novel innovative, and disruptive ideas. Position papers may also comprise an analysis of currently unsolved problems or review these problems from a new perspective to contribute to their better understanding within the research community. We expect that such papers will guide future research by highlighting critical assumptions, motivating the difficulty of a specific problem, or explaining why current techniques are not sufficient, possibly corroborated by quantitative and qualitative arguments. 

  Submissions and Publications  
   
 Pre-submission of abstracts is a strict requirement. All papers and abstracts have to be submitted electronically via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ekaw2024   
 As in past editions  , accepted papers will be published by Springer in an LNAI volume. Submissions must be in PDF, formatted in the style of LNCS  conference proceedings. For details and available templates (Latex, Microsoft Word), see the Springer’s conference proceedings guidelines  .  
 The following page limits (references excluded) apply:  
 Research and In-use papers: 15 pages; 
  Position papers: 8 pages. 
  Submissions must be in English and must be prepared for single-blind review. Manuscripts that are already uploaded on Arxiv but not published anywhere are allowed for submission. However, dual submissions are not allowed.  
 Neither plagiarism nor self-plagiarism is tolerated. Please be advised that a plagiarism-checking tool may be applied to screen for plagiarism.  
 Large Language Models Policy of EKAW-24  : Papers that include text generated from a Large Language Model (LLM), such as ChatGPT, are prohibited unless this generated text is presented as a part of the experimental analysis of the article. AI tools may be used to edit and polish authors' work, such as using LLMs for light editing of their text (e.g., automate grammar checks, word autocorrect, and other editing work), but the text "produced entirely" by AI is not allowed. We rely on the LLM policy as stated in ICML 2023  .  

  Registration  
   
 One full registration for the conference at the regular rate is required for each accepted paper.  

  Chairs   
   
 Mehwish Alam  
 Télécom Paris Institut Polytechnique de Paris  
   Contact  Personal Page    
   
 Marco Rospocher  
 University of Verona Italy  
   Contact  Personal Page    

 #EKAW24  
 Check out our weekly updates on X  , Mastodon  and Linkedin  !.   
   
  Register to EKAW 2024  
 Visit the Registration and Attending  page for more information!  
    Registration Form    
   
  Our Sponsors  
   Platinum Sponsor      Platinum Sponsor      Platinum Sponsor      Platinum Sponsor      Platinum Sponsor      Golden Sponsor      Silver Sponsor     
   
  Proceedings published by  

  24th International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management  
   
 Quick Links  
 Home 
  Call for Papers 
    
 Follow Us  
 X  Mastodon    

     