    
   
 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Certificates 
  Hotels 
  Previous Editions 
  Proceedings 
  Contact 
  Select your language  

 You are here: 
  Home 
  Call for Papers 

  Call for Papers  

 Scope   
 ICMTT´25 - The 2025 International Conference on Management, Tourism and Technologies, (In-person and/or Virtual), to be held at TEC - Tecnológico de Costa Rica Campus San Carlos   ,  San Carlos    , Costa Rica    , 8 - 10 May 2025, is an international forum for researchers and practitioners to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, results, experiences and concerns in the several perspectives of Management, Tourism and Technologies.  
 We are pleased to invite you to submit your papers to ICMTT´25. The papers must be written in English. All submissions will be reviewed on the basis of relevance, originality, importance and clarity.  
  
 Topics   
 Submitted papers should be related with one or more of the main themes proposed for the Conference:  
  
 Area A: Managements   
 A1) Knowledge Management  
 A2) Revenue Management Innovation and Entrepreneurship  
 A3) Information Systems Planning and Management  
 A4) Human Resource Management  
 A5) Strategic Management Innovation  
 A6) Technical Economy Management  
 A7) Finance, Insurance and Services Management  
 A8) Sustainability Management  
 A9) Management of Supply Chain and Logistics  
 A10) Marketing Innovation  
 A11) Logistics and Supply Chain Management  
 A12) Business Administration  
 A13) Technical Innovation and Management  
 A14) Educational Management  
  
 Area B: Tourism   
 B1) Tourism Management  
 B2) Information Technologies in Tourism  
 B3) Information Systems in Tourism and Hospitality  
 B4) Robotics in Tourism  
 B5) Intelligent Systems in tourism  
 B6) Technology in Tourism and Tourist Experience  
 B7) Big data and Management for Travel and Tourism  
 B8) Computer Reservations Systems  
 B9) Smart Destination  
 B10) Hotel Management Innovation  
 B11) Sustainable Tourism  
 B12) Information Technologies in Ecotourism and Agritourism  
 B13) Tourism industry and Ecology  
 B14) Sustainable Tourism and Well-being  
 B15) Agrotourism and Technology Applied to Agriculture  
 B16) Green Technology  
 B17) Technology in Agriculture  
 B18) Tourism in the Different Scientific Areas  
 B19) eTourism and Tourism 4.0  
 B20) Health tourism  
 B21) Religious Tourism  
 B22) Shopping Tourism  
 B23) Tourism and Heritage  
  
 Area C: Marketing strategies in Management, Tourism and Technology   
 C1) Digital Marketing Applied to Management  
 C2) Digital Marketing Applied to Tourism  
 C3) Use of Technology in Marketing  
  
 Area D: Technology   
 D1) Applied Computer Science  
 D2) Artificial Intelligence  
 D3) Cloud Computing  
 D4) Communication  
 D5) Internet Technology  
 D6) Robotics  
 D7) Engineering and Software Development  
  
 Submission and Decision   
 Submitted papers written in English (until 10-page limit) must comply with the format of the Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems series (see Instructions for Authors at Springer Website    ), must not have been published before, not be under review for any other conference or publication and not include any information leading to the authors’ identification. Therefore, the authors’ names and affiliations should not be included in the version for evaluation by the Scientific Committee. This information should only be included in the camera-ready version, saved in Word or Latex format and also in PDF format. These files must be accompanied by the Consent to Publish form    filled out,  in a ZIP file, and uploaded at the conference management system.   
 All papers will be subjected to a “blind review” by at least two members of the Scientific Committee.  
 The authors of accepted papers will have 15 minutes to present their work in a Conference Work Session; approximately 5 minutes of discussion will follow each presentation.  
  
 Publication and Indexing   
 To ensure that an accepted paper is published, at least one of the authors must be fully registered by the 10 of March 2025, and the paper must comply with the suggested layout and page-limit (until 10 pages). Additionally, all recommended changes must be addressed by the authors before they submit the camera-ready version.  
 No more than one paper per registration will be published. An extra fee must be paid for publication of additional papers, with a maximum of one additional paper per registration. One registration permits only the participation of one author in the conference.  
 Papers written in English and accepted and registered will be published in Proceedings by Springer, in a book of the Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems series, will be submitted for indexation by Scopus, WoS, DBLP, Google Scholar, among others, and will be available in the SpringerLink Digital Library    .  
  
 Important Dates   
 Paper Submission: January 20, 2025.  
 Notification of Acceptance: February 27, 2025.  
 Camera-ready Submission: From February 27, 2025, to March 10, 2025.  
 Payment of Registration, to ensure the inclusion of an accepted paper in the conference proceedings: From February 28, 2025, to April 6, 2025.  

 Costa Rica  

 Proceedings  
    
 Published by Springer in a book of LNNS series.   
 Indexed by SCOPUS  and WoS    

 Important Dates  
 Submission:  Jan 20, 2025  
 Notification:  Feb 27, 2025  
 Registration:  Since Feb 27, 2025 until Apr 06, 2025.  

 Keynotes Speakers  
   
 Soumodip Sarkar, University of Évora, Portugal  
 Theme:    Gaming entrepreneurship-  Emerging Web 3.0 transformations   
 ( Curriculum Vitae    )   

 Journals  

 Organization  

 Sponsors  

 Partner Universities   

 Research Centers   

 © 2025 ICMTT´25 – The 2025 International Conference on Management, Tourism and Technologies   
 Joomla!  is Free Software released under the GNU General Public License.    
   
  