  

  CALL FOR | PAPERS 
  WORKSHOPS 
  ORGANIZATION | ORGANIZING TEAM 
  PC MEMBERS 
  PAST CONFERENCES 
  ATTENDANCE | VENUE 
  HOTELS 
  TRAVEL 
  SOCIAL EVENT 
  PROGRAM | BYDGOSZCZ 
  ACCEPTED PAPERS 
  KEYNOTE TALKS 
  WORKSHOPS 
  REGISTRATION 

 Important Dates  
  
  This year’s ESORICS will have two review cycles.  
  
  All submissions must be received by 11:59 p.m. Anywhere on Earth  
 on the day of the corresponding deadline.  

 Access Control  
 Anonymity and Censorship Resistance  
 Artificial Intelligence for Security  
 Audit and Accountability  
 Cyber Attack (e.g., APTs, botnets, DDoS) prevention, detection, investigation, and response.  
 Data and Computation Integrity  
 Database Security  
 Digital Content Protection  
 Digital Forensics  
 Formal Methods for Security and Privacy  
 Hardware Security  
 Information Hiding  
 Identity Management  
 Information Flow Control  
 Information Security (including disinformation/fake news detection)  
 Intrusion Detection  
 Governance and Management  
 Language-based Security  
 Malware and Unwanted Software  
 Network Security  
 Phishing and Spam Prevention  
 Privacy Technologies and Mechanisms  
 Risk Analysis and Management  
 Secure Electronic Voting  
 Security Economics and Metrics  
 Security and Privacy in Cloud / Fog Systems  
 Security and Privacy of Systems based on Machine Learning and A.I.  
 Security and Privacy in Crowdsourcing  
 Security and Privacy in the IoT and Cyber-Physical Systems  
 Security and Privacy in Location-based Services  
 Security and Privacy for Mobile / Smartphone Platforms  
 Security, Privacy, and Resilience for Large-Scale, Critical Infrastructures (e.g., Smart Grid, AirPorts, Ports)  
 Security for Emerging Networks (e.g., Home Networks, IoT, Body-Area Networks, VANETs)  
 Security and Privacy in Social Networks  
 Security and Privacy in Wireless and Cellular Communications  
 Software Security  
 Systems Security  
 Trustworthy Computing to Secure Networks and Systems  
 Usable Security and Privacy  
 Web Security  

 1st phase / Winter cycle | 2nd phase / Spring cycle 
 Full paper submission | January 8, 2024 (hard) | April 19 (hard), 2024 
 Notification to authors | March 18, 2024 | June 14, 2024 
 Camera-ready due | April 19, 2024 | June 28, 2024 

 Call For Papers  
 Last updated on June 28, 2024  

 Call For Papers  
 Last updated on June 28, 2024  

 Conflict of Interest  
 The program co-chairs are seeking collaboration from authors and PC members to avoid having papers reviewed by individuals with a conflict of interest (CoI). PC members will need to point out possible CoIs during the bidding phase. Meanwhile, authors will be prompted during submission to identify any PC members they have CoIs with and to specify the nature of those CoIs.  
  
 This means a CoI exists if an author and a PC member:  
 are currently affiliated with the same institution; 
  have previously had a supervisor/PhD student dynamic; 
  have co-authored or collaborated in the past two years; 
  have or had a financial tie within the last two years; 
  are related or share a close personal friendship. 
   
 If there are other types of conflicts not listed, authors should reach out to the chairs to discuss and clarify the potential issue.  
  
 PC members, including the program co-chairs, with conflicts of interest related to a submission will not participate in its discussion or review. Additionally, authors are obligated to inform the PC Chairs of any situations or reasons that might compromise or potentially sway professional judgment.  
  
 The chairs hold the authority to seek additional clarification and may choose to dismiss non-critical conflicts based on their judgement.  

 How to submit your paper  
 Papers submitted need to use the LNCS format   from the start. They should be no longer than 16 pages in a 10-point font, not counting references and clearly marked appendices, and should not go over 20 pages in total. While the committee might not read the appendices, the main paper should make sense without them. All papers should be in English.  
  
 Submit your papers to this EasyChair link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=esorics2024     
  
 EasyChair - how to Submit     
  
 We are only accepting PDF formats. Your submissions will not be anonymous.   
 If your submission does not follow these rules, it might be rejected without a review. If your paper is accepted, you will need to agree to Springer LNCS copyright terms and make sure your paper is presented at the conference.   

 Paper submissions  
 Submitted papers must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference/workshop with proceedings. Papers that either lack originality, clarity in presentation, fall outside the scope of this call for papers or were already rejected in the first review cycle, might be rejected without a review. Authors will be promptly informed in such cases.  

 Topics of Interest  
  
 We are actively seeking contributions in all realms of computer security. This encompasses a broad spectrum, including but not restricted to:  

 Seeking submissions of premier, novel, and previously unreleased research papers! The Symposium will start on September 16, 2024 with an exciting technical program.  
 This includes rigorously reviewed papers, keynote addresses and the associated workshops.  

 General Chairs:  michal.choras@pbs.edu.pl       (general inquiries)  
 PC Chairs:  esorics2024@telecom-sudparis.eu   (submission issues)  
 Workshops: marek.pawlicki@pbs.edu.pl   (workshop-related issues)  

   