  ETHICOMP 2024     
       
  Venue 
  Dates 
  Call for Papers 
  Publications 
  Submission 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Travel and Accommodation 
  Programme 
  Contact 

 ETHICOMP 2024   
  Call for Papers   
 Smart Ethics: the leading role of ethics in the digital world   
   
  La Rioja University and Complutense University of Madrid  
  Logroño, Spain   
 March 13-15, 2024   

 We are living in a smart world, where everything looks smart. The use of the term “smart” is a buzzword. Technology becomes the backbone of virtually every aspect of our life: work, relations, health, education, leisure, … In our next international conference, ETHICOMP 2024, we wonder if the current state of technological revolution is truly smart. What does “smart” really mean in digital contexts, and what should “smart” signify? If technology becomes smart, what is the impact on computer ethics and digital ethics? It is unquestionable that any smart technology must be ethical in both its development and its uses, but cases of unethical practices in the digital world, which are often hidden by technological determinism, are increasing. The analysis of unethical practices and the search for solutions to create a digitally healthy society is the theme of our next conference: digital ethics should lead the smart revolution, but is it doing so? What should we do to locate digital ethics at the core of the smart revolution? What are the ethical requirements for smart in order that it will sustain societal welfare?  
   
  The ETHICOMP series of conferences fosters an international community of scholars and technologists, including computer professionals and business professionals from industry. Since 1995, conferences have been scheduled across Europe and Asia, with our main events coming every 18 months. ETHICOMP considers computer ethics conceived broadly to include philosophical, professional, and practical aspects of the field.  
   
  We invite submissions that explore this theme, interpreted broadly, as well as more specific tracks addressing particular issues relevant to the conference theme. A more detailed description of each track are listed below, and questions may also be directed to the relevant Track Chairs.  

 Submission guidelines   
 Authors can choose to submit either to the general open track, or to a specific track. Initial submissions should take the form of extended abstracts of 1000-1500 words  . All accepted extended abstracts will be published in proceedings with ISBN. If their extended abstract has been accepted, authors can voluntarily submit full papers (max. 8000 words) that will be published as a book chapter in the ETHICOMP Book series.  
   
  We welcome perspectives from researchers in business, government, computer science, information systems, law, media, anthropology, pedagogy, psychology, sociology, ethics and philosophy. Interdisciplinary papers and papers from new researchers and practitioners are encouraged. Papers can involve a variety of approaches, including those with a conceptual, applied, practical, or historical focus, as well as case studies and reports on lessons learned in practice.  
   
  As in previous ETHICOMP conferences, only papers written in English and not published nor submitted elsewhere will be accepted on the basis of an extended abstract after a careful, double-blind review overseen by the Program Committee. Authors may submit more than one abstract but acceptance of multiple proposals by a single author or co-author will be weighed against available space to ensure we can include as many authors as is practical for ETHICOMP 2024. At least one of the authors should register and attend the conference, presenting their paper. Presentations of papers in the conference can be done in regular presentations (15’ presentation + 15’ questions & debate) and panels (90’ with up to 6 papers, 5’-10’ presentation + open panel questions & debate).  
   
  You can find more information in the submission section.  

 List of tracks   
  
  1. Open Track   
  (Kiyoshi Murata, Meiji University, kmurata@meiji.ac.jp; Ana María Lara Palma, Universidad de Burgos, amlara@ubu.es; Yohko Orito, Ehime University, orito.yohko.mm@ehime-u.ac.jp)   
   
  Any topic in computer ethics, broadly construed. Topics related to the computer ethics field, conceived broadly, to include philosophical, professional, and practical aspects of the field.  
   
  2. Values in the Smart Technology Revolution   
  (Adam Poulsen. Brain and Mind Centre, The University of Sydney. Sydney, Australia. adam.poulsen@sydney.edu.au; and Oliver Burmeister. School of Computing, Mathematics and Engineering, Charles Sturt University. Orange, Australia, oburmeister@csu.edu.au)  
    
  Until recently human values have shaped technology, and technology has shaped human values. But with the advent of OpenAI’s ChatGPT a revolution that has only been theorised previously is in its embryonic stages. AI values and how they might shape human societies in the future need to be proactively considered, rather than waiting for this revolution and then reacting to it. As smart technology becomes increasingly integrated into our lives, it is crucial to understand the interplay between values and smart technology design, development, implementation, and use. The smart revolution raises questions about the impact of smart technology on values, and the development and application of ethical standards, guidelines, and codes for the use of smart technology. Best practices for designing smart technologies that align with human values and consider the role of government, organisations, communities, and individual end-users in realising value sensitive smart technology all require deep thought. Thus, this track is open for submissions that explore smart technology and values, such as trust, freedom from bias, privacy, autonomy, environmental sustainability, informed consent, human welfare, AI values, and more.  
   
  3. Smarter Security- Resilience and Recovery  
   (Shalini Kesar, Southern Utah University, kesar@suu.edu; and Sabina Szymoniak Czestochowa University of Technology, sabina.szymoniak@icis.pcz.pl)  
    
  Increasingly complex tech stacks result in more security vulnerabilities. At the same time, there’s a talent shortage, which inhibits an organization’s ability to protect itself. Given the changes in technology, digital infrastructure is now business-critical infrastructure where cybersecurity best practices should go beyond just “identify, protect, detect, and respond.” Cybersecurity needs to consider not only specific data or IT systems, but also the risks posed to business processes. For example, implications of artificial intelligence and intelligent automation that can reduce the cost and time of security operations significantly. This track invites papers that discuss ethical implications, risk and resilience because standard business continuity arrangements are insufficient in the face of increasing cyber breaches.  
   
  4. Smart Education: transforming learning in the digital age  
   (Mario Arias-Oliva, Complutense University of Madrid, mario.arias@ucm.es; Antonio Pérez-Portabella, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, antonio.perezportabella@urv.cat; Teresa Pintado, Complutense University of Madrid, tpintado@ucm.es; Joaquín Sánchez Herrera, Complutense University of Madrid, joaquins@ucm.es)  
    
  The theme of this year’s conference focuses on how education and pedagogy styles need to be modified to cater for the new and advanced technology changes and dependency. Not all students receive the education necessary to help them express their full potential be it due to a lack of resources or access to high quality teaching. The lack of high-quality educational material and teaching aids and methodologies and non-availability of objective feedback on how they can become even better teachers, deprive our teachers from achieving their full potential. This track particularly welcomes papers focusing on concepts, principles, and techniques from an educational perspective for enhancing the potential of all the stakeholders in the education system.  

  5. Marketing and Smart Ethics in the digital world  
   (Jesús García de Madariaga, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, egarci@ucm.es; Alba García Milon, Universidad de La Rioja, alba.garciam@unirioja.es; Natalia Medrano Sáez, Universidad de La Rioja, natalia.medrano@unirioja.es; Cristina Olarte Pascual, La Rioja University, cristina.olarte@unirioja.es; Eva Reinares, Universidad Rey Juan Carlos, eva.reinares@urjc.es)   
   
  In recent years the presence of technology in everyday life has accelerated and new technologies have entered directly into the way we manage personal and professional aspects of our lives. From a positive point of view, available information in digital format (blogs, social networks, etc.) helps us to optimize the process of selecting the best products and make better decisions. Potential benefits are e.g., cost savings, immediacy, or time-saving. However, there is a controversial debate about the ethical aspects and the moral dilemmas that are generated between producer/consumer and buyer/seller. In this track, the main focus lies on moral dilemmas in marketing, such as privacy, online pricing ethics, ethics in online promotion, controversial marketing strategies, media ethics, consumer manipulation/target emotions, social media emotion detection, expectation of consumers towards digital communication, ethics and ethical standards from both the consumers and enterprises point of view and the different cultural, educational and especially political background of regions and how they can affect marketing worldwide, among others. All interested participants in this track are invited to share their ideas, experiences, and research results.  
   
  6. Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) and Ethics  
   (Ramón Carrasco, Complutense University of Madrid, ramoncar@ucm.es; Orlando Lima Rua, Polytechnic of Porto, orua@iscap.ipp.pt; Jorge Pelegrín-Borondo, La Rioja University, jorge.pelegrin@unirioja.es; Pedro Cuesta Valiño, Universidad de Alcalá de Henares, pedro.cuesta@uah.es; Pablo Gutierrez Rodríguez, León University, pablo.gutierrez@unileon.es)  
    
  Can machines think? This question was proposed by Alan M. Turing (1950) in the mid-twentieth century. The answer to this question is the proposal of the so-called Turing test. In this test, Artificial Intelligence (AI) is considered the way of operating that imitates the intelligent behavior of human beings. From then until now, AI has been overtaking humans in tasks for which intelligence and creativity were supposed to be required: strategy games, image recognition, medical diagnoses, music composition, etc. Everything has been thanks to the improvement of algorithms, especially those known as black box algorithms, i.e., whose logic is not understandable by a human being. We therefore find ourselves in a paradox in which decision-making will increasingly be based on an AI that we cannot understand. Going even further, we can say that a society directed by a technology that it is unable to understand is destined to lose its freedom. The issue of explainability of algorithms has given rise to a new area called Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI). This need for interpretability is legislated in some sectors such as finance, but to what extent is society aware of this need for interpretability? This session will discuss advances in XAI and its relation to the ethics of algorithms, interpretation of possible biases of algorithms, social awareness of the need for interpretability and the need for legislation on this issue, in short any aspect of interpretability of algorithms that challenges individuals, organizations or society as a whole.  
   
  7. Reducing Gender Gap as We build an Inclusive Community within a Smart City  
   (Shalini Kesar, Southern Utah University, kesar@suu.edu; and Graciela Padilla Castillo, Complutense University of Madrid, gracielp@ucm.es)  
    
  This track is a platform where we invite you to share ideas, stories and research that advocates the importance of bridging the gap of women in the technology workforce. Research and reports indicate that it is important to create a strong community where like-minded women in tech, share ideas, identify role models, find mentors and mentees, engage in global discussions and celebrate the power of face-to-face interactions. This not only inspires people and organizations but also can lead to deliver actionable insight, guidance and advice through expert-led technical role models. It also creates an environment where skills development can be enhanced and creates a safe platform to elevate diverse voices. Such community building can support inclusivity and learn how you can play an integral part in creating an inclusive industry that benefits not only women, male allies and organization, but contributes to a more equitable society. We cannot create a Smart Society if it is not for all of us.  

 Review process   

 1    
   
 Extended Abstract (blind version to review)   
 The first file that you should submit is a blind version of your extended abstract, without any reference to authors.  

 2    
   
 Extended abstract (with authors information)   
 When your paper has been accepted, please send the final version of your extended abstract with author information included  

 3    
   
 Full paper (optional)   
 Finally, it is optional the submission of the full paper version with authors information included for its publication as book chapter in the ETHICOMP Book Series  

 Templates   

 Extended Abstracts Template   

 Download Extended  
  Abstract Template    

 Full Papers Template   

 Download Full  
  Papers Template    

 Share this Page!   

 ETHICOMP 2024   
  
 Logroño, Spain | March 13-15, 2024  

  The web page  was made with Mobirise  
  
  