   
  
 EUMAS 2024    About 
  Call for Papers 
  Programme 
  Registration 
  Local Information 
  Committees 
  Colocated Events 
  Sponsors 

 EUMAS 2024  
 The 21st European Conference on Multi-Agent Systems  
 August 26-28th, 2024 • Dublin, Ireland  
   
 About  
   
 The 21st European Conference on Multi-Agent Systems (EUMAS 2024) will be on August 26-28, 2024 by the School of Computer Science  at University College Dublin  , Ireland.  
 EUMAS 2024 is an EURAMAS  designated event which follows the tradition of previous editions (Oxford 2003, Barcelona 2004, Brussels 2005, Lisbon 2006, Hammamet 2007, Bath 2008, Agia Napa 2009, Paris 2010, Maastricht 2011, Dublin 2012, Toulouse 2013, Prague 2014, Athens 2015 Valencia 2016, Evry 2017, Bergen 2018, Thessaloniki 2020, Israel (online) 2021, Düsseldorf 2022 Naples 2023), and aims to encourage and support activity in the research and development of multi- agent systems, in academic and industrial effort. The conference aspires to be the primary European forum for researchers interested in the theory and practice of autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. EUMAS enables researchers to meet, present challenges, preliminary and mature research results in an open environment. EUMAS 2024 features formal proceddings published as part of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series of Springer.  

 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission Deadline:  
 15 May 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)   
  31 May 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)   
  7 June 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)  
 Author Notification:  
 30 June 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)   
  15 July 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)   
  29 July 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)  
 Camera Ready Papers:  
 15 July 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)   
  31 July 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)   
  14 August 2024 (AoE, UTC-12)  
 EUMAS Conference:  
 26-28 August 2024  

 Call For Papers  

 EUMAS 2024 welcomes original, unpublished papers including improved versions of extended abstracts or rejected papers from AAMAS, AAAI and IJCAI 2023. The submission should describe work that has not been previously published, accepted for publication nor is currently under review by another conference or journal.  
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed in a single blind fashion. Submission length depends upon the track that you submit to. Additional pages may be used for references and, if needed, a clearly marked appendix. It should be formatted according to Springer’s LNCS format. For templates and instructions for authors, see Conference proceedings guidelines    . Authors must submit their papers through the EUMAS 2024 Easychair submission site    as a single PDF file.  
 This year, EUMAS is accepting submissions across 4 tracks:  
 Main Track (15 pages + references) | Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: Action and Planning Adaptation and Learning; Agent Architectures; Agent Programming Languages; Agent Development Methodologies and Tools; Agent-Based Simulations and Modeling; Agent Organizations and Institutions; Agent-oriented Software Engineering; Agents and Complex Systems; Applications of Multi-agent Systems; Argumentation; Automated negotiation; Biologically inspired approaches; Cognitive Models; Collective and Swarm Intelligence; Collective Intentionality; Communication Cooperation, and Coordination; Computational Social Choice; Deep Reinforcement Learning in Multi-Agent Domains; Economic Models; Electronic Commerce; Ethical behavior of multi-agent systems; Formal Modelling; Game-Theoretic Methods; Human-Agent Interaction; Logics for Multi-Agent Systems; Logics for Strategic Reasoning; Machine Learning for Multi-Agent Systems; Multi-Agent Learning; Multi-Robot Systems; Negotiation; Self-organization; Semantic Web Agents; Social Networks; Socio-technical Systems; Theories of Agency; Trust and Reputation; Verification; Virtual Agents; Voting and Judgment Aggregation Models for Multi-Agent Systems 
  Agents and Ethics (15 pages + references) | This track is focussed on the implementation of ethical reasoning mechanisms in various autonomous decision-making settings. Depending on the context of the agent (software / hardware), the kinds of values (or value-conflicts) that are encountered could be quite varied. The multiplicity and agency of the stakeholders involved (from highly trained human-machine teams to a cohort of elderly / children), also affect the possible value considerations deeply. This track aims to provide a venue for discussions of problems, possible solution-concepts best practices, benchmarks, related to machine ethics. | Submissions are solicited on, but not limited to, the following themes / questions: | What kinds of values and value-conflicts are (in)expressible in algorithmic form? 
  Can ethical behaviour be guaranteed or verified in computational media? 
  Implementation of ethical reasoning mechanisms founded on non-western ethical traditions 
  Can artificial moral decision-making be decoupled from mere implementation of normative ethical theories? 
  Privacy and Trust relationships between humans and machines in the presence of hybrid actions 
  Implementation of ethical reasoning in logic-based methods 
  Representation of ethical principles in AI agents 
  Machine-learning based approaches to ethical reasoning 
  Development of machine ethics in cognitive robot programs 
  Robot learning for ethical reasoning 
  Integration of symbolic and neural information systems for ethical reasoning 
  Development of formal frameworks for ethical decision-making 
  Techniques for explaining the ethical reasoning of AI agents 
  Frameworks for ethical collaboration between humans and AI agents 
  Building trust in intelligent systems through ethical design and interaction 
  Agent Toolkits (15 pages + reference) | This track aims to provide a forum for researchers that are involved in developing agent/MAS toolkits and platforms, or that are using them for the development of applications, to exchange ideas, make proposals, suggest challenges, reports interesting use cases and so on - any aspect that could be of interest in the engineering and using Agent Toolkits. 
  Demonstrators (5 pages + references) | This track aims to provide opportunities for participants from academia and industry to present their latest developments in agent-based systems. Demonstrations of interest include both applications of multi-agent systems and tools that support developers in the specification, design, implementation and testing of agent systems. 

 Preliminary Programme  

 Monday 26th August | Tuesday 27th August | Wednesday 28th August 
 8:30 | Registration |  
 9:00 | Keynote 2:  
  Julian Padget 
 9:30 | Welcome 
 10:00 | Keynote 1:  
  Franziska Klugl | HUMAN | EMAS + APPS 1 
 10:30 
 11:00 | BREAK | BREAK | BREAK 
 11:30 | MABS | COINE | EMAS + APPS 2 
 12:00 
 12:30 | LEARN 
 13:00 
 13:30 | LUNCH | LUNCH | LUNCH 
 14:00 
 14:30 | KRRP | Agents & Ethics  
  Special Track | Agents Toolkits  
  Special Track 
 15:00 
 15:30 
 16:00 
 Demo Pitch (last 20 mins) 
 16:30 | BREAK | BREAK | BREAK 
 17:00 | DEMOS | EURAMAS Meeting | Agent Toolkits  
  Special Track 
 17:30 
 Welcome  
  Reception | Social Event/Dinner 
  
 Detailed Programme  
 The detailed programme can be downloaded as a XLSX Document  or as a set of PDFS for Monday  , Tuesday  and Wednesday  .   
 Invited Talks  
 Franziska Klugl | : Towards More Credible Agent-Based Simulations | Abstract: | Agent-based simulation is widely recognized as a well-established application of multi-agent systems. However, in many fields—such as epidemiology and economics—where other modeling and simulation paradigms are standard, there is still hesitation in accepting agent-based approaches. In newer application areas like Multi-Robot Systems and Machine Learning, where simulations are often used as proxies for real systems, quality standards emerged that need to be met. In this talk, I will explore, drawing on my own experiences and those of others, why the credibility of agent-based models and their simulation results continues to be a challenge, despite decades of development and application. I will also present ideas on how to address this credibility problem. 
  Julian Padget | : Governing complex commons: an accidental transdisciplinary tour | Abstract: | We all know a complex system when we see one :) and as computer scientists we might pause and wonder about what makes it work. | Multiagent systems are our complex system playground and one approach we use to try to govern them is norms. Not that norms are that easy to write or test or change. Despite this, much has been written in recent years about more abstract notions of governance for AI, drawing on ethics and even morality. This in turn has led to a focus on values, which can be seen as a bridge between ethics and norms, being more concrete than ethics but more abstract than norms. But which values? | If values are the answer, how do we engineer socio-technical systems that are capable of reflecting what stakeholders want now and in the future? Values themselves are more problematic than norms. At least norms can be codified as rules, although that process is hard and eventually messy (in my experience). We take the view that values are bit like constants: they don't change but their importance does. So, depending on the context, it is stakeholders' preferences over values determine what it means for system behaviour to be aligned with stakeholder values. Thus we belatedly arrive at Stuart Russell's 2014 observation that "we need to build intelligence that is provably aligned with human values". | Taking some diversions for perspectives from outside computer science - power-train design, public policy and immunotherapy - we will sketch out some ideas, looking at both process and product, for realising future socio-technical systems - in which agents are key building blocks - where the problem (for us) is how to achieve continuous alignment against changing stakeholder value preferences. 
  Accepted Papers  
 Accepted papers are listed below, organised by session MABS  
 MAiS: Exploiting JADE as a Multi-Agent simulator of the Immune System | Sanchayan Bhunia, Angelo Ferrando, Viviana Mascardi and Chiara Vitale 
  Introducing data synchronization policies for distributed agent-based model using proxies | Lucas Grosjean, Paul Breugnot, Alexis Drogoul, Benedicte Herrmann, Christophe Lang, Nicolas Marilleau, Laurent Philipppe and Nghi Quang Huynh 
  Data-Driven Agent-Based Modeling and Simulation of Price Competition in the Danish Pharmaceutical Market | Ruhollah Jamali and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar 
  LEARN  
 Adversarial Search & Deep Learning for Strategic Settlement Placement in the “Settlers of Catan” | Diamantis Rafail Papadam and Georgios Chalkiadakis 
  Quantifying Uncertainty in Complex Reinforcement Learning Scenarios | Saeid Rezaei and Kenneth N. Brown 
  KRRP  
 A Logic of Actual Cause for Nondeterministic Dynamic Domains | Maryam Rostamigiv, Shakil Khan, Yves Lespérance and Mriana Yadkoo 
  Temporal Truth in the Limit: LTL over Potentially Inifnite Traces and Yablo's Paradox | Michał Tomasz Godziszewski, Davide Catta and Aniello Murano 
  ATL for Dynamic Gaming Environments | Marco Aruta, Aniello Murano and Salvatore Romano 
  Responsibility in a Multi-Value Strategic Setting | Timothy Parker, Umberto Grandi and Emiliano Lorini 
  Parameter Synthesis for Families of Markov Chains with an Application to Multi-Agent Systems Privacy | Francesco Spegni, Luca Spalazzi, Roberto Rosetti and Aniello Murano 
  DEMOS  
 Do you want to play a game? Learning to play Tic-Tac-Toe in Hypermedia Environments | Katharine Beaumont and Rem Collier 
  Systematic Experimentation Using Scenarios in Agent Simulation: Going Beyond Parameter Space | Vivek Nallur, Pedram Aghaei and Graham Finlay 
  VITAMIN: A Tool for Model Checking of MAS | Angelo Ferrando and Vadim Malvone 
  Space Debris Removal using Nano-Satellites controlled by Low-Power Autonomous Agents | Dennis Christmann, Juan F. Gutierrez, Sthiti Padhi, Patrick Plörer, Aditya Thakur, Simona Silvestri and Andres Gomez 
  HUMAN  
 Influence of Language Warmth on User Adoption of Agent Recommendations for Multi-Arm Bandits | Selim Karaoglu, Marina Katoh, Titash Majumdar, Ethan Beaird, Feyza Hafizoglu and Sandip Sen 
  Using Agent Interventions to Reduce User Procrastination Tendencies | Ethan Beaird, Feyza Hafızoğlu and Sandip Sen 
  COINE  
 Search versus Search for Collapsing Electoral Control Types | Benjamin Carleton, Michael C. Chavrimootoo, Lane A. Hemaspaandra, David E. Narváez, Conor Taliancich and Henry B. Welles 
  Exploiting Peer Trust and Semantic Similarities in the Assignment Assessment Process | Jairo Alejandro Lefebre Lobaina, Athina Georgara and Carles Sierra 
  A Study of the Dynamics of the Average in a Residual Gossip Protocol | Federico Bergenti, Stefania Monica, Gloria Tamboroni and Franco Zambonelli 
  Rules2Lab: from Prolog Knowledge-Base, to Learning Agents, to Norm Engineering | Peter Fratrič, Nils Holzenberger and David Restrepo Amariles 
  Nudging Using Autonomous Agents: Risks and Ethical Considerations | Vivek Nallur, Karen Renaud, and Aleksei Gudkov 
  Agents & Ethics Special Track  
 Why We Need a Notion of Conflict for Autonomous Traffic Agents | Astrid Rakow, Joe Collenette, Maike Schwammberger, Marija Slavkovik and Gleifer Alves 
  Virtue Ethics For Ethically Tunable Robotic Assistants | Rajitha Ramanayake and Vivek Nallur 
  The EU AI Act And The Need For Semantic Models In Regulatory Learning On Fundamental Rights | Dave Lewis 
  Panel Discussion | Emily Collins, Maurice Pagnucco, and Authors 
  EMAS & APPS  
 Can Proof Assistants Verify Multi-Agent Systems? | Julian Alfredo Mendez and Timotheus Kampik 
  Cost-effective, MAS-based, reefer system at container terminals | Manolis Doudounakis, Nikolaos Spanoudakis and Fotios Kanellos 
  Towards Agents’ Embodiment in Hypermedia Multi-Agent Systems | Matteo Castellucci, Samuele Burattini, Andrei Ciortea, Jérémy Lemée, Danai Vachtsevanou, Alessandro Ricci and Simon Mayer 
  Learnings from Implementation of a BDI Agent-based Battery-less Wireless Sensor | Ganesh Ramanathan, Andres Gomez and Simon Mayer 
  Putting Context into Hypermedia MAS | Alexandru Sorici and Adina Magda Florea 
  Protocol Design Patterns for Statecharts-Based Open MAS Development | Nikolaos Spanoudakis, Charilaos Akasiadis, Georgios Kechagias and Georgios Chalkiadakis 
  CommonHealth: multi-agent evaluation of blockchain-based patient-centred health data networks | Mark Matthews, Rem Collier and Evan Spendlove 
  Agent Toolkits Special Track  
 VEsNA: From Virtual Environments via Natural language Agents to the Metaverse and Beyond | Angelo Ferrando, Andrea Gatti and Viviana Mascardi 
  Belief Revision: The Good, The Bad, and JavaScript | Timotheus Kampik 
  A Software Suite for Implementing Multiagent Systems Based on Protocols | Amit Chopra, Samuel Christie and Munindar P. Singh 
  Yggdrasil: An Artifact-based Framework for Hypermedia Multi-Agent Systems | Andrei Ciortea, Matteo Castellucci, Kai Schultz, Jérémy Lemée, Danai Vachtsevanou, Fabien Gandon, Simon Mayer, Valentin Berger, Samuele Burattini, Alessandro Ricci and Olivier Boissier 
  Ten Years of SARL: What’s Next? | Sebastian Rodriguez, Stéphane Galland and Nicolas Gaud 
  Feasibility Study on Using Agent Behaviours for Event-Driven Programming in Jadescript | Federico Bergenti and Stefania Monica 
  Better Tools for a Mainstream BDI through JaKtA | Martina Baiardi, Samuele Burattini, Giovanni Ciatto and Danilo Pianini 
  Jason+BSPL: Including Communication Protocols in Jason | Matteo Baldoni, Samuel H. Christie V, Amit Chopra and Munindar P. Singh 
  Exceptions and Accountability for Robust Applications of JaCaMo | Matteo Baldoni, Cristina Baroglio, Roberto Micalizio and Stefano Tedeschi 
  Agents Are All You Need: Platformless Programming with Jadex V | Lars Braubach, Kai Jander and Alexander Pokahr 
  Language Level Support for Learning and Explaining in BDI Agents | Katharine Beaumont and Rem Collier 
  Welcome Reception: UCD University Club  
 COMING SOON  
  Social Event: Celtic Nights @ Arlington Hotel  
 The conference dinner will take place at the Arlington Hotel  a historic venue in the centre of Dublin. The dinner will include traditional Irish food followed by an Irish Music and Dance experience. Further details can be found on the Celtic Nights  website. The dinner will commence @ 6pm and the show @ 8pm (ending around 10pm). Afterwards there will be an opportunity to listen to live music until later into the evening.  

 Registration  

 Details of the registration fee can be found in the table below. Because EUMAS 2024 is co-located with the European Agent Systems Summer School (EASSS 2024)  , we are delighted to offer a discounted joint registration fee to allow you to attend both events (EASSS+EUMAS). To avail of this discounted fee or to find out more about the summer school, please visit the summer school website  . You can also attend the free workshop on Distributed Knowledge Graphs and Web Agents  which will be held on the 29th August.  
  
 Until | Student (Fee) | Non-Student (Fee) 
 Early Bird:EUMAS Only | 10th August, 2024 | €280 | €300 
 Normal: EUMAS Only | 26th August, 2024 | €300 | €350 
  
 To register you intent to attend EUMAS 2024, please go to the Payment Site  . This site is a booking system hosted by University College Dublin  that allows you to pay by credit or debit card. In order to make a reservation, you will need to create a UCD Connect Account. You can use this account to amend your booking if it is necessary.  
 If you require a letter for a visa, please complete the registration form and contact Prof. Rem Collier via email: rem.collier@ucd.ie  .  
 Any additional queries can also be directed to this email address.  

 Local Information  
 Please find information on the venue and accomodation.  
  
 The Venue  
  
 UCD is one of Europe's leading research-intensive universities; an environment where undergraduate education, masters and PhD training, research, innovation and community engagement form a dynamic spectrum of activity. UCDs main campus is an extensive parkland estate of 133 hectares in South Dublin. Details of available transport links can be found here  .  
 The venue for the summer school is the UCD School of Computer Science  . This is labelled as building 18 on the map below. on the map below.  

 Leap Card  
  
  Leap Cards are a prepaid travel card that is the easiest way to pay your fare on public transport around Ireland. It is valid on most TFI services and commercial bus operators throughout Ireland. It’s more convenient because you don’t have to carry cash or queue at ticket machines and it can save you money because fares are usually up to 30% less than cash single tickets.  
 TFI 90 Minute Fare   
  When you have a leap card, you can travel anywhere in Dublin for 90 minutes for just €2. This includes all Dublin Bus, Go-Ahead Ireland, the Luas (tram) and the DART/Commuter Services (local train).  
  
 Accommodation Options  
  
 Much of the local accommodation is available through Booking.com  . Occassionally, you can find better deals on their own websites.  
  
 On Campus:  

 UCD Accommodation   
  UCD has extensive student residences, but it is mostly rented out to groups attending English Language Camps over the summer. What remains is available through Booking.com at a rate of around €145 per day. 
 Book Now 

 Nearby Hotels:  

 Radisson St Helens (5 star)   
  Closest external hotel to UCD. Very popular with limited availability. Prices start around €200 per night, but can rise quicky and steeply. 
 Book Now 

 Talbot Hotel, Stillorgan (4 star)   
  This hotel is one of the closest hotels to UCD. It is around a 20-30 minute walk or around 10 minutes on a bus. Prices range from around €145 per night upwards depending on availability. 
 Book Now 

 Alternatives:  

 Premier Inn   
  Hotel chain with accommodation at various locations. Rooms are €150+ per night. Would require a bus journey to get to UCD - duration depends on location. 
 Book Now 

 AirBnb   
  AirBnb is very popular in Ireland and there are many options. Rooms can be rented for €80-100 per night. For those of you in groups entire apartments can be rented for similar or better rates. Set "University College Dublin" as the location when you search. 
 Book Now 

 Generator Hostel   
  A popular hostel in the city centre. Shared dormatories are available for around €50 per night. Bus to UCD is around 10-20 minutes walk. The bus takes 30-60 minutes depending on traffic. 
 Book Now 

 Jacobs Inn Hostel   
  Cheaper alternative in the city centre. Around 30-60mins journey to UCD on the Dart or via Bus. Shared dormatories available from around €40 per night. 
 Book Now 

 Committees  
 Organising Committee  
 Rem Collier | (University College Dublin) 
  Alessandro Ricci | (Unversity of Bologna) 
  Vivek Nallur | (Unversity College Dublin) 
  Samuele Burattini | (Unversity of Bologna) 
  Programme Chair  
 Andrea Omicini | (Unversity of Bologna) 
  Program Committee  
 Natasha Alechina | (Utrect University, Netherlands) 
  Cristina Baroglio | (University of Torino, Italy) 
  Katharine Beaumont | (University College Dublin, Ireland) 
  Federico Bergenti | (University of Parma, Italy) 
  Lars Braubach | (HSB Hockschule Bremen, Germany) 
  Selmer Bringsjord | (Rensselaer, US) 
  Giovanni Ciatto | (University of Bolgona, Italy) 
  Pere Pardo | (University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg) 
  Leon van der Torre | (University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg) 
  Rafael C. Cardoso | (University of Aberdeen, UK) 
  Louise Dennis | (University of Manchester, UK) 
  Angelo Ferrando | (University of Modena and Reggio Emilia, Italy) 
  Paul Formosa | (Macquarie University, Australia) 
  Nicoletta Fornara | (University of Svizzera, Italy) 
  Davide Grossi | (University of Groningen, Netherlands) 
  Zahia Guessoum | (University of Riems Champagne-Ardenne, France) 
  Feyza Hafızoğlu | (Ticaret University, Turkey) 
  Timotheus Kampik | (Umea University, Sweden) 
  Viviana Mascardi | (University of Genova, Italy) 
  Simon Mayer | (University of Saint Gallen, Switzerland) 
  Conor Muldoon | (Manchester Metropolitan University, UK) 
  Aniello Murano | (University of Napoli, Italy) 
  Vivek Nallur | (University College Dublin, Ireland) 
  Juan Carlos Nieves | (Umea University, Sweden) 
  Maurice Pagnucco | (UNSW Sidney, Australia) 
  Georgios Papasotiropoulos | (University of Warsaw, Poland) 
  Sandip Sen | (University of Tulsa, US) 
  Marija Slavkovik | (University of Bergen, Norway) 
  Sonja Smets | (University of Amsterdam, Netherlands) 
  Alexandru Sorici | (National University of Science and Technology Bucharest, Romania) 
  Nicolas Verstaevel | (University of Tolouse, France) 
  Edmond Awad | (University of Oxford, UK) 
  Amit Chopra | (University of Lancaster, UK) 
  Paul Davidsson | (Malmo University, Sweden) 
  Ken Satoh | (National Institute for Informatics, Japan) 
  Yang Song | (California Institute of Technology, US) [Agents and Ethics] 

 Colocated Events  

 We are pleased to announce a number of events will take place during and before EUMAS 2024:  
 European Agents Summer School (EASSS 2024) 
  W3C Autonomous Agents on the Web (WebAgents) Community Group Meeting 
  Joint Distributed Knowledge Graphs (COST CA 19134) & W3C Web Agents Community Group Workshop 

 Sponsors  

 Copyright © 2024 EUMAS · Contact   

  