Eurocrypt 2025  

 May 4-8, 2025  
 Madrid, Spain  

     Home 
  Technical Program | Call for papers  Call for artifacts  Paper submission 
  Affiliated Events | Affiliated events  Call for affiliated events 
  Attend | Venue & travel  Visas 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 

 This site is designed for browsers with javascript.  
 The dates, name, and location for the conference are in a json file.   
   
  Call for Papers  
 General information  
 Eurocrypt 2025, the 44th Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of Cryptographic Techniques, will take place in Madrid, Spain on May 4-8, 2025. Eurocrypt 2025 is organized by the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR). The proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS series.  
 Original research papers are welcomed on any cryptographic topic, including but not limited to:  
 foundational theory and mathematics 
  the design, proposal, and analysis of cryptographic primitives and protocols 
  secure implementation and optimization in hardware or software 
  applied aspects of cryptography 
  Authors of accepted papers are asked to present their work in person at the conference.  
  
 How to submit  
 Author instructions for paper submission may be found on the submission page. Submit a paper   
   
 Important dates  
 Oct 2, 2024 (AoE)  
 Submission deadline  
   
 Dec 6, 2024 (AoE)  
 Second submission deadline for affiliated events proposals  
   
 Dec 8, 2024  
 Rebuttal period begins  
   
 Dec 12, 2024  
 Rebuttal period ends  
   
 Jan 31, 2025  
 Final notification  
   
 May 4, 2025  
 Conference begins  
   
  Further details will be available soon.   

 Submissions  
 Submissions must be at most 27 pages using the Springer LNCS format, including title page and figures, but excluding references. Optionally, any amount of clearly marked supplementary material may be supplied, following after the main body of the paper. However, reviewers are not required to read or review beyond the main body, and submissions are expected to be intelligible, and show sufficient scientific quality and depth, without the supplementary material.  
 The above in particular means that submissions are expected to present the core technical part of the result(s) in the main body  . Thus, the main body should allow the reader to understand and verify what is at the heart of the contribution, conceptually and technically; the supplementary material should be used mainly for tying up the loose ends, spelling out the less innovative parts, providing extensions/generalizations, etc.  
 The final published version of an accepted paper will be limited to 30 pages including references and is expected to closely match the submission. For further details, consult the paper submission page.  

 Review Process  
 Eurocrypt 2025 will operate a two-round review system with a rebuttal phase. In the first round, the program committee selects the submissions that will proceed to the second round, and the authors receive the first round notification. The authors of the selected submissions are invited to submit a text-based rebuttal letter to respond to the reviews. Furthermore, in cases where this is considered useful by the PC chairs and/or the reviewers, additional communication between authors and reviewers may be initiated (in both rounds).  
 The submissions that have not been selected during the first round of reviews (early rejects) may be submitted to other conferences after the first round notification date.  
 In the second round, the program committee further reviews the selected submissions by taking into account the rebuttal letters. The committee then makes the final decision of acceptance or rejection.  
 Early Withdrawal  
 Until final decisions have been made, authors can only withdraw their paper with the express approval of the program chairs.  
  
 PC Member Submissions  
 PC members and area chairs are restricted to submit either 1 single-author paper, up to 2 papers if at least one of them is with a co-author, or up to 3 papers if all are with co-authors and at least two are with student co-authors. The PC co-chairs are not allowed to submit any papers.  

 Awards  
 The Program Committee may choose one or more papers to receive an overall Best Paper Award. In a continuing effort to promote independent work by researchers at early stages of their careers, the Program Committee may also award a prize for the best paper(s) authored exclusively by early-career researchers. As usual, awards will only be given if deserving papers are identified.  
  
 Stipends  
 Students whose papers have been accepted and who present their talks at the conference will have their registration fees waived. Furthermore, a limited number of stipends are available to students that are unable to obtain funding to attend the conference. Students in under-represented groups are especially encouraged to apply. Application instructions will be posted together with other registration information.  
  
 Artifacts  
 To encourage open and reproducible research, authors of accepted papers will be invited to submit artifacts associated with their papers, such as software or datasets, for review. The artifact review will be a collaborative process between authors and the artifact review committee. The goal of the process is not just to evaluate artifacts, but also to improve them for reproduction and reusability by the scientific community. Artifacts that pass successfully through the artifact review process will be archived on the IACR's artifact archive at artifacts.iacr.org. Please see the detailed call for artifacts.  

 Program committee  

 Program co-chairs  
 Serge Fehr  
 Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) and Leiden University  
  The Netherlands  
  
 Pierre-Alain Fouque  
 University of Rennes  
  France  

   eurocrypt2025programchairs @ iacr dot org   
   
 General co-chairs  
 Ignacio Cascudo  
 General Co-Chair  
 IMDEA Software Institute  
  Madrid, Spain  
  
 Dario Fiore  
 General Chair  
 IMDEA Software Institute  
  Madrid, Spain  
  
 Maria Isabel Gonzalez Vasco  
 General Co-Chair  
 Universidad Carlos III de Madrid  
  Madrid, Spain  

   eurocrypt2025 @ iacr dot org   

 Eurocrypt 2025  
  Copyright © 2024  by the  IACR  International Association for Cryptologic Research   •   
  Privacy Policy     
  