  
 Skip to main content          
 COMMITTEES 
  SUBMISSIONS | Submenu for "SUBMISSIONS" | Dirk Bratz Prize 
  FULL Papers (current) 
  SHORT Papers 
  STARs 
  POSTERS 
  PANELS & TUTORIALS 
  WORKSHOPS 
  EDUCATION PAPERS 
  REVIEWERS 
  PARTNERS 
  VENUE | Submenu for "VENUE" | ACCOMODATION 
  TRAVEL & VISA INFORMATION 

 You are here:  
 Home 
  SUBMISSIONS 
  FULL Papers 

 Full Papers   
   
 TLDR:  Please submit your papers! Abstracts due Nov 27, 2024 (Wednesday).  
 New:  Deadlines are now using timezone AoE (Anywhere on Earth) instead of GMT.  
 With this call for full papers, we invite original submission of high-quality papers that will set the standard and stimulate future trends in the field of visualization and visual analytics. Accepted full papers will be published in a special issue of Computer Graphics Forum, the International Journal of the Eurographics Association, after a two-stage peer-reviewing process. All accepted papers will be presented orally at the conference.  
 EuroVis 2025 ( https://www.eurovis.org  ) will be held in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg on June 2-6, 2025.  
 We encourage submissions from all areas of visualization and visual analytics.  
 Suggested paper types and topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Techniques:  novel algorithms, visual encoding methods, and/or interaction techniques for data analysis, exploration, or communication. All sub-areas of visualization and visual analytics are welcomed, including high-dimensional, time-series, spatial, geographic, text, hierarchical, and network data. Techniques may be specialized for specific devices or form-factors (e.g., mobile or wall-scale visualization). 
  Systems:  new software frameworks, languages, or tools for visualization; systems for large-scale visualization; integrated graphical systems for visual analysis or interactive machine learning; collaborative and web-scale visualization systems. 
  Applications & Design Studies:  novel use of visualization to address problems in an application domain, including accounts of innovative system design, deployment and impact. We welcome diverse application areas, including the physical sciences, life sciences, social sciences, engineering, arts, sports, and humanities. 
  Evaluation & Empirical Research:  Comparative evaluation of competing visualization approaches; controlled experiments to inform visualization best practices; longitudinal and qualitative studies to understand user needs, visualization adoption, and use. 
  Theory:  models of visual encoding, interaction, and/or analysis tasks; implications from theories of perception, cognition, design, and/or aesthetics; methods for automated design or visualization recommendation. 
  For a wider range of paper types, please see “ Broadening Intellectual Diversity in Visualization Research Papers  ” by B. Lee et al. (http://cmci.colorado.edu/visualab/papers/19-CGA-ContributionTypes.pdf)  
 FULL PAPERS PROGRAM COMMITTEE   

 IMPORTANT DATES   

 Abstract deadline | Full paper deadline | First Round Notification | Revised Submission | Final Notification | Camera Ready Version 
 Nov 27, 2024 (Wednesday) | Dec 4, 2024 (Wednesday) | Feb 12, 2025 (Wednesday) | March 5, 2025 (Wednesday) | March 19, 2025 (Wednesday) | Apr 16, 2025 (Wednesday) 

 USEFLULL INFORMATIONS & GUIDELINES   
   
 SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS   
 The maximum length for submitted papers to the full papers track is 10 pages (in Computer Graphics Forum (CGF) style, including all images and acknowledgements, but excluding references).  
 References should not exceed 2 pages. Authors are encouraged to use supplementary documents to provide extra content. Papers exceeding the maximum allowed number of pages will be automatically rejected.  
 Submissions must be made using the Computer Graphics Forum style, using the conference LaTeX template for full papers https://www.eurovis2025.lu/fileadmin/files/egPublStyle-EuroVis_full-short-stars-posters-edu_2025.zip  ) which includes a sample document explaining the required format LaTeX2e Style template.  
 Authors have the option to submit their papers anonymously. In contrast to previous years, double-blind reviewing is optional, not required: authors may choose to disclose their identities to the reviewers. The reviewing process does not consider anonymity as a factor. The process will attempt to preserve anonymity of authors of anonymized submissions. However, the program committee, which is responsible for half of the reviews, will know the authors of submissions reviewed by them. This is required for selecting reviewers without conflict of interests. Please take note that submissions may be checked for plagiarism.  
 Authors have the option of submitting additional material with their submissions. Supplementary materials, such as videos and supporting data, are encouraged. For papers that have previously been reviewed for other venues and have been rejected or withdrawn, the authors are strongly encouraged to provide the original submission with a cover letter describing the changes they have made to comply with reviewers' comments and requests.  
 All full papers accepted to EuroVis appear in a special issue of Computer Graphics Forum, containing the conference proceedings, and will appear at the same time in the Eurographics digital library.  
 EuroVis submissions and papers are subject to the pre-print and self-archiving policies of the Computer Graphics Forum journal. Details are available from the journal web site:  
 https://authorservices.wiley.com/author-resources/Journal-Authors/open-access/preprints-policy.html   

 PLAN S COMPLIANCE   
 EuroVis publishes all its material in the Eurographics Digital Library, and some material also in cooperation with Wiley Computer Graphics Forum (Full Papers, STAR Reports). The Eurographics Publication Board, Eurovis Steering Committee, and Eurovis Full Paper Chairs are aware of these questions, and state the following:  
 Publishing in the Eurographics Digital Library is Plan-S compliant. 
  Publishing with Wiley Computer Graphics Forum is Plan-S compliant in many cases, due to so-called transformational agreements between Wiley and national funding agencies and/or universities. In case of questions for clarification, please contact plan-S@eurovis.org and we will help to find a solution. We look forward very much to receiving your work for EuroVis  

 USAGE OF AI   
 The use of generative AI tools is prohibited for authors to generate their text. The only use is allowed for grammar/English corrections or rephrasing.  

 SUBMISSION PLATFORM: PCS   
 Abstracts and full papers are submitted using the Precision Conference System (PCS):   
 https://new.precisionconference.com/submissions   
 Please select Society: Eurographics, Conference/Journal: EuroVis 2025, Track: EuroVis 2025 Papers.  

 DEADLINE   
 Submission of an abstract is mandatory by the abstract deadline  , with completed papers due on by the full paper deadline. Submissions will not be accepted if an abstract is not submitted by the abstract deadline. Abstract submissions require the title, authors, paper type, abstract, and keywords in the form. The paper title and authors may not be changed after the abstract deadline. The remaining fields (the document, additional material) are submitted by the full paper deadline. Please note that EuroVis accepted full papers are published as a regular-length journal article, so submitting just an abstract is not sufficient. Submitters need to choose keywords and categories appropriate for their paper as this information is used in reviewer selection  

 CONTACT   
 For any questions concerning full paper submissions please contact the full papers chairs: fullpapers@eurovis.org   
 FULL PAPERS CHAIRS   
 Wolfgang Aigner, St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences, Austria  
 Natalia Andrienko, Fraunhofer Institute IAIS, Germany  
 Bei Wang, University of Utah, USA  

 The 27th edition of EuroVis will take place in Luxembourg City and will be hosted by the Visualization and Interaction Group (VISINT) of the Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology (LIST).   

 Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology (LIST)  
  5, Avenue des Hauts-Fourneaux  
  L-4362 Esch-sur-Alzette/Belval  
  Tel: +352 275 888 - 1  
 E-mail: eurovis2025@list.lu   

 © Copyright 2024 Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology - LIST   
  Legal notice  - Privacy notice  - Cookie policy   

  