Skip to the content  EuroPLoP   

 Menu     
   
 Conference | Program 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Publication 
  Organizers 
  Patterns 
  About | About EuroPLoP 
  Past Conferences 
  Hillside Europe 
  Sponsors 
  Submit work 

 Call for Papers  

 30th Anniversary Special Edition  

 Celebrating the mark of 30 editions of EuroPLoP, the event will have special activities and the presence of important names that were part of its history. As part of this celebration, we welcome submissions that reflect on the history of patterns and look at their future.  

 Important Dates  

 February 3, 2025 

 Deadline for initial paper submission  

 March 10, 2025 

 Acceptance for shepherding  
  Start of shepherding  

 May 5, 2025 

 Deadline for improved paper version (for PC review)  

 May 16, 2025 

 Deadline for focus group proposals  

 May 28, 2025 

 Acceptance notification;  
  Registration opens  

 June 4, 2025 

 Author Registration Deadline  

 June 16, 2025 

 End of shepherding  
  Deadline for conference version of paper   

 June 23, 2025 

 Registration closes  

 July 2-6, 2025 

 Conference  

 September 30, 2025 

 Deadline for proceedings version of paper  

 Why become part of EuroPLoP?  

 Patterns represent practical experience and best practices, and EuroPLoP is the premier European conference on patterns and pattern languages.  
 Authors  Authors gain visibility by publishing patterns and get active,  high-quality feedback that can significantly improve their pattern  writing and daily activities.   
 Practitioners  enlarge their network and increase visibility at EuroPLoP  by meeting leading experts and practitioners. They are also trained how to  get and give structured feedback.   
 Academics  Academics gain from EuroPLoP’s intensive process of shepherding, reviews,  and peer discussions at Writers’ Workshops which will yield a high-quality  publication:   
 Accepted papers to be published in the Springer LNCS 
  Further elaborated accepted papers qualify for submission to the Springer journal LNCS Transactions on Pattern Languages of Programming (TPLoP). 
  Participants  keep up-to-date with contemporary movements in software  engineering and related topics, with in-depth discussions during  EuroPLoP’s Writers’ Workshops.   

 Call for Pattern Papers  

 We encourage you to submit pattern papers on software-related topics, as well as other topics. EuroPLoP is open for synergies with other fields and therefore accepts up to 20% of pattern papers on non-computing topics. EuroPLoP accepts papers containing patterns or pattern languages, as well as  papers related to the theory and the practical application of patterns. EuroPLoP also accepts excerpts from Ph.D. theses or book projects. In the past, many book authors have submitted parts of their work to get feedback from the pattern community.  
 We particularly welcome submissions on the following topics (theory and practice):  

 Tracks  

 Software/Systems Engineering, Classical Software Design Patterns | Patterns in software and systems architecture, design, and implementation 
  Patterns in Human-computer-interface (HCI) design and architecture 
  Patterns for improving software quality and software verification 
  Reports, studies, or empirical evaluations of using patterns and pattern languages 
  Modern Development and Operations Paradigms | Patterns in agile processes, e.g., XP, Scrum, DevOps, CI/CD 
  Patterns in API Design & Management, Microservices, SOA, Serverless 
  Patterns in Domain Driven Design (DDD), Model-driven Development & Eng. 
  Patterns in Business, Organization, Innovation, and Requirements Engineering | Patterns for business, organization, requirements engineering, and process management 
  Patterns for design thinking / lateral thinking, innovation processes, and creativity 
  Patterns for transformations of corporate processes and alternative business cultures. 
  Education and Learning Patterns | Patterns in education, collaboration, and interdisciplinary topics 
  Reports of using patterns in education 
  Gamification patterns 
  Patterns in Cloud and the Internet of Things | Patterns in (Industrial) IoT, Cyber-Physical-Systems, embedded devices, control systems 
  Hardware/Software Co-Design patterns 
  Patterns about safety, security, reliability, or dependability 
  Patterns for cloud/fog/edge/embedded environments and isomorphic computing 
  Patterns in Emerging Topics | Hyper-automation, robotic process automation, digital transformation, Industry 4.0 patterns 
  Decentralized systems patterns 
  Patterns for AI and machine learning 
  Patterns for virtual reality, augmented reality, mixed reality, and immersive applications 
  Patterns for multi-experience environments and people-centric smart spaces 
  Meta Topics | Pattern Theory / Theoretical arguments about patterns 
  Empirical evaluations of patterns and pattern languages 
  Reflections on the history of patterns 
  Perspectives on the future of patterns 
  *  The exact assignment of topics to writers workshops may change due to balancing reasons.  

 Paper submission deadline: February 3, 2025   

 Call for Focus Group Proposals  

 Do you have a pattern-related topic with the potential to spark a discussion? Focus Groups at EuroPLoP are an excellent opportunity to collaborate with other passionate pattern writers. They are 1 to 2 hour sessions, usually workshops, but you are welcome to experiment with different formats. Your submission should include a summary of the topic, outcomes you envision, a brief description of how you will organize the session, its time budget, and the required number of participants.  

 Focus Group Proposal submission deadline: May 16, 2025   

 Paper Submission Process  

 The submission runs through three quality gates before the final proceedings will be published. After the first draft is accepted, your paper will be assigned to a shepherd. This is an experienced pattern author, who will provide feedback and suggestions on how to improve your paper. Following several iterations of shepherding, your improved second draft will be reviewed again and accepted or rejected for the conference. On acceptance, your paper will be discussed in the writers’ workshop during the conference. Based on the feedback received during the workshops, you must submit a final revised version that will be published. The submission system is available under https://www.europlop.net/submission/  .  

 Paper Submission Format  

 The final submission for publication must be formatted using the two-column  ACM template  ,  but for the drafts and intermediate versions,  you can use any format. However, we encourage you to use the ACM format  right from the beginning to avoid layout problems in the end. If you don’t  intend to publish with ACM, you can choose whatever format you like. We  recommend 10 pages as a guideline and especially welcome shorter papers.  Longer papers are also possible but bear in mind that the writers’ workshop  might decide to focus only on a part of your paper. Have a look at the   introductory information pack  for examples.    

 EuroPLoP Values  

 High-quality feedback  
 All submissions will benefit from an iterative shepherding process prior to the conference: an experienced pattern author will give you  feedback and suggestions on how to improve your paper. In Writers’  Workshops – the core of the conference – peers and experts will  discuss your paper. You will receive in-depth, constructive feedback  and insights to improve your paper further. If you wish, you may  complement your paper with alternative media (e.g., short video clips  linked from the paper) to get feedback on that format as well.   
 Share and learn  
 Patterns are an effective way to share knowledge about a domain. The interdisciplinary topics of the conference will provide you with new insights and inspiring ideas from other fields.  
 Theory and practice  
 EuroPLoP, with its creative and constructive atmosphere, attracts participants from both industry and academia. You will be part of a unique community of pattern book authors, researchers, and practitioners.  

 The submission runs through three quality gates before the final proceedings will be published. After the first draft is accepted, your paper will be assigned to a shepherd.  

 On acceptance, your paper will be discussed in the writers’ workshop during the conference. Based on the feedback received during the workshops, you must submit a final revised version that will be published.  
  
 The final submission for publication must be formatted using the Springer format, but you can use any format for the drafts and intermediate versions.  

 Learn about submission      

 We are looking forward to receiving your contribution!  

 If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us   
  
  Conference Chair: Eduardo Guerra, Free University of Bozen-Bolzano, eduardo dot guerra at unibz dot it  
 Program Chair: Tsvetelina Plummer, NielsenIQ, tsvetelina dot plummer at nielseniq dot com  
 Focus Group Chair: Dennis Dubbert, Technische Hochschule Cologne, dennis dot dubbert at th-koeln dot de  

  2023     
   
 Facebook     Twitter       

 Program 
  Venue 
  Organizers 
   
 Program 
  Venue 
  Organizers 

 Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Publication 
   
 Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Publication 

 Patterns 
  About 
  Past Conferences 
  Hillside Europe 
   
 Patterns 
  About 
  Past Conferences 
  Hillside Europe 

 Imprint 
  Privacy Policy 
   
 Imprint 
  Privacy Policy 

      