Skip to content  en 
  fr 

 Recto VRso 
  MY ACCOUNT 

        Exhibition | Become Exhibitor 
  Win Your Booth 
  Floor Plan 
  Become Sponsor 
  Schedule 
  Guided Tours 
  Networking Dinner 
  Laval Virtual Party 
  Sessions | Speakers – Call 
  Conference programme 
  • XR Devices & Technologies 
  • XR Everywhere 
  • Immersive simulations and engineering innovation 
  • AI-Powered virtual characters & assistants 
  • Delight your customers with XR 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Tech-talks – Call 
  LV Awards | 7 general categories LV Awards – Call 
  • Consumer Experience & Entertainment – Call 
  • Developer & Authoring Tools – Call 
  • Education & Training – Call 
  • Enterprise & Productivity Solution – Call 
  • Virtual Worlds & Metaverse – Call 
  • XR devices and Interaction Products – Call 
  • XR for a Cause – Call 
  LV Awards Ceremony 
  2024 Edition | Exhibitors 
  Speakers 
  LV Awards Winners 
  TICKETING    

 >     
 Come & Exhibit at Laval Virtual!  
 For 3 days dedicated to professionals, Laval Virtual brings together the entire XR community. Don’t miss this opportunity to showcase your solutions from 09 to 11 April 2025!  
 Exhibit    

 3   
 days dedicated to professionals   
   
 20   
 Leads per day   
   
 €45K   
 Minimum ROI   
   
 5 500   
 professional visitors   
   
 35   
 Nationalities   

 ACCESS THE FLOOR PLAN    

 3 good reasons to exhibit at Laval Virtual!  

   BUSINESS  
 Meet customers and partners   
  Showcase your solutions to your targets  : major companies, new users and investors from a wide range of sectors: aeronautics, aerospace, research, culture, healthcare, marketing, construction…  
 – Between  10 and 20 leads  lead to completed transactions  
   
 •  ROI: between €45K and €450K  in sales expected in the 12 months following the show  
   
   MEETING  
 Develop your network    
  Laval Virtual offers plenty of opportunities to get to know each other, with a rich programme including a trade fair, evening events  and an awards ceremony  .  
 Invite your customers and partners thanks to the accreditations  you enjoy as an exhibitor!  
 Finally, a mobile lead scanning application  will enable Laval Virtual participants to identify and connect with exhibitors and other visitors.  
   
   RECRUITMENT  
 Recruit your future collaborators    
  It’s not always easy to recruit a new employee to help your business grow.  
 Laval Virtual is an opportunity to meet your future talents  , with a wide range of profiles on show: students, researchers, developers, engineers, XR project managers, etc.  
 Promote your employer brand!  

 ▶   
 2024 Replay   
 2:07   

 Come and present your solutions!  
 Since its inception, Laval Virtual has been a showcase and testing ground for innovative technologies and solutions presented for the first time  : CAVEs, headsets, haptics, drones, augmented reality goggles, artificial intelligence, BCI, etc. Every year, the association looks for ever more innovative projects for the benefit of all visitors.  
 Over the years, Laval Virtual has become a not-to-be-missed event that brings together all the players in the sector in one place, making it a multi-disciplinary ecosystem offering exceptional networking opportunities.  
 See the Floor Plan 2025    

   Interested?  
 For further information on exhibition and sponsorship, please contact Maxime LEROY at mleroy@laval-virtual.org  .  
   
 Get in touch    

 27th edition of Laval Virtual from April 09 to 11, 2025  
 Take part in Europe’s biggest XR event!  
 Industry pros, start-uppers, academics, creatives and pioneers in immersive technologies have been flocking to the Laval Virtual exhibition since 1999   
 Recognized around the world as Europe’s biggest event specializing in VR/AR, Laval Virtual brings together a large community of experts and professionals from a wide range of sectors, including construction, health and education.  
 Conferences, exhibition area, international competitions and tech-talks will once again punctuate Laval Virtual, with the same objectives: to present, experiment and encourage innovation.   
 EXHIBIT    

 The press on hand   
 Every year, a wide range of media come to Laval Virtual to report on the latest innovations.  

   Expand your business   
 book your stand    

 X 
  LinkedIn 
  Instagram 
  Flickr 
  YouTube 
    
 Open callS 2025  
 Exhibitors 
  Win Your Booth 
  LV Awards 
  speakers 
  Tech-talks 
  sponsors 

 About  
 About us 
  LV Team 
  FAQ 
  Discover the event 
  Prepare your visit 
  our blog 

 contact  
 CONTACT US 
  Press Accreditation 
  Get a booth 
  Schedule a visit 
  COMMERCIAL TEAM 

 Legal notice 

 English 
  Français  (  French ) 
    
  