  
 Call for Papers  
 EuroSys 2025 will adopt a dual-deadline format -- dates for both deadlines are shown below. Accepted papers from both deadlines will be presented at EuroSys 2025  
 The European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys) is a premier international forum for presenting computer systems research. This 20th edition of EuroSys will be jointly organized with ASPLOS 2025   . I.e. the conferences will be co-located and there will be a shared registration fee. To find out more about submitting a paper to ASPLOS 2025, please refer to their website  .  
 EuroSys 2025 seeks papers on all areas of computer systems research, including:  
 Operating systems 
  Distributed systems 
  Cloud computing and datacenter systems 
  File and storage systems 
  Networked systems 
  Language support and runtime systems 
  Systems security and privacy 
  Dependable systems 
  Analysis, testing and verification of systems 
  Database systems and data analytics frameworks 
  Virtualization and virtualized systems 
  Systems for machine learning/machine learning for systems 
  Mobile and pervasive systems 
  Parallelism, concurrency, and multicore systems 
  Real-time, embedded, and cyber-physical systems 
  Systems for emerging hardware 
   
 We encourage papers that span multiple topics and communities. Papers will be judged on novelty, significance correctness, and clarity. The program committee seeks papers that address a significant problem with an interesting and compelling solution whose validity and practicality are clearly demonstrated. A good paper will draw appropriate conclusions, honestly present related prior work, acknowledge its own limitations and clearly articulate the advances it offers over prior work.  
 Important dates  
  EuroSys 2025 will adopt a dual-deadline format. Deadline dates for the two submission periods are shown below. Accepted papers from both submission periods will be presented at EuroSys 2025. All deadlines are AoE time   .  
 Spring deadline  
 Paper titles and abstracts due: | Tuesday May 14, 2024 (AoE) 
  Full paper submissions due: | Tuesday, May 21, 2024 (AoE) 
  Reviews available: | Wednesday, July 31, 2024 (AoE) 
  Author responses due: | Friday, August 2, 2024 (AoE) 
  Notification to authors: | Wednesday, Aug 21, 2024 (AoE) 
  Camera-ready deadline: | Monday, September 23, 2024 (AoE) 
  Fall deadline  
 Paper titles and abstracts due: | Tuesday, October 15, 2024 (AoE) 
  Full paper submissions due: | Tuesday, October 22, 2024 (AoE) 
  Reviews available: | Tuesday, January 7, 2025 (AoE) 
  Author responses due: | Thursday, January 9, 2025 (AoE) 
  Notification to authors: | Saturday, January 25, 2025 (AoE) 
  Camera-ready deadline: | Friday, February 28, 2025 (AoE) 

 Two Deadlines  
 EuroSys 2025 offers authors the choice of two submission deadlines. Any paper submitted to one of these deadlines and accepted during the subsequent reviewing period will be presented at the conference and will appear as part of the proceedings. In the meantime, authors are permitted to advertise their papers as accepted by EuroSys, for example listing them on CVs.  
 A paper submitted at the spring deadline for EuroSys 2025 and rejected may not be submitted again until the spring deadline for EuroSys 2026. A paper submitted at the fall deadline for EuroSys 2025 and rejected may not be submitted again until the fall deadline for EuroSys 2026.  
 Revision  
 Each paper may be accepted, rejected, or given the option of one-shot revision. If offered a revision option, authors can choose to revise and resubmit the paper for the subsequent EuroSys deadline. This will be the EuroSys 2025 fall deadline if offered a revision from a spring submission. If offered a revision from the fall submission, authors may revise and resubmit to the subsequent (EuroSys 2026) spring deadline for publication (if accepted) and presentation at EuroSys 2026.  
 Authors offered a revision option will be given detailed instructions about how to re-submit. These will include the list of necessary changes for the paper to be accepted. These may include larger changes than during the shepherding process for accepted papers, e.g. additional results or performance comparisons that match the message of the paper. The re-submission should include the revised paper, a version of the paper in which the differences from the first submission are clearly marked, and a separate high-level summary of the differences between the two versions.  
 A revision option is not a guarantee of acceptance. The revised and resubmitted paper will be re-evaluated by the PC. The paper can still be rejected if the revision instructions have not been fully addressed; if new assertions are made without adequate support; or if the revised version unveils significant new concerns that were hidden in the original submission. Revised and resubmitted papers will receive either an accept or a reject decision; there will be no further revision options offered. If accepted, the paper will be subject to the usual shepherding of EuroSys.  
  Note  : at least one full registration  fee (member or non-member) will be required for each  paper accepted at the plenary conference, even if the presenter is eligible for a student fee.  
  Resubmission and concurrent submission  
 Authors submitting to EuroSys must adhere to ACM's policy on Prior Publication and Simultaneous Submissions  . If a revision option is offered and accepted, the paper is still considered under submission to EuroSys and still subject to this policy until it is explicitly withdrawn or rejected. If a revision option is offered and declined, the same policy applies as for a rejection.  
 If a paper initially submitted to the spring deadline of EuroSys 2025 is rejected after a revise-and-resubmit, it may not be submitted to EuroSys until the fall deadline of EuroSys 2026. If a paper initially submitted to the fall deadline of EuroSys 2025 is rejected after a revise-and-resubmit, it may not be submitted to EuroSys until the spring deadline of EuroSys 2027.  
 Submission Instructions  
 Spring Submission URL:  https://eurosys25.hotcrp.com/   
 Fall Submission URL:  https://eurosys25-fall.hotcrp.com/   
 Anonymity  : Reviewing is double-blind, meaning that the authors‘ identities will be hidden from the reviewers and vice versa. Authors must make a good faith effort to anonymize their submissions, and they should not identify themselves either explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments).  
 Use care in referring to your own related work. Do not omit references to your prior work, as this would make it difficult for reviewers to place your submission in its proper context. Instead, reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work. For example, you might say “Our system modifies the XYZ operating system built by Smith et al. [17]”.  
 A submission may extend a previous workshop paper, or it may relate to a submission currently under review. In these cases, you must still explain the differences between your present submission and the other work, but you should cite the other work anonymously and submit the anonymized work in a designated field in hotcrp (visible only to the PC chairs).  
 Authors are permitted to post drafts of their submission on e.g. arxiv or as technical reports on their institution’s website. However, the submitted version should have a substantially different title, and a different system/tool name (if it uses one) from the draft version.  
 Authors are welcome to include links to code repositories in their papers. However, authors should ensure that following the link and exploring the repository does not reveal any information about the names of the authors or their affiliations.  
 Submissions violating the detailed formatting and anonymization rules will not be considered for review. EuroSys applies ACM‘s policies for plagiarism conflicts of interest, submission confidentiality, reviewer anonymity, and prior and concurrent paper submission. If you are uncertain about how to anonymize your submission, whether or not your submissions meet these guidelines, or have specific questions about the guidelines, please contact the program co-chairs, eurosys25-pc-chairs@eurosys.org  , well in advance of the submission deadline.  
 Benchmarking:  Please review your submissions to avoid the list of Systems Benchmarking Crimes (https://gernot-heiser.org/benchmarking-crimes.html)  .  
 Generative AI:  Please review the ACM Policy on Authorship (https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/new-acm-policy-on-authorship)  which contains information on the use of generative AI in preparing submissions.  
 Conflicts  : When registering and submitting your paper, you will need to provide information about conflicts with PC members. Use the following guidelines to determine conflicts:  
 Institution | : You are currently employed at the same institution, have been previously employed at the same institution within the past two years, or are going to begin employment at the same institution. 
  Advisor or Collaboration | : You have a past or present association as thesis advisor or advisee, or you have a collaboration on a project, publication, grant proposal, or editorship within the past two years (2022 or later), or reasonably expect one within the next year. 
   
 A textbox will be provided on the submission page to explain any concerns about conflicts of interest. More details on the conflict of interest policy can be found at the ACM website  .  
 The PC chairs will review paper conflicts to ensure the integrity of the reviewing process, adding conflicts if necessary. Similarly, if there is no basis for conflicts provided by authors, such conflicts will be removed. Improperly identifying PC members as a conflict in an attempt to avoid having an individual review your paper may lead to the submission being rejected without review. If you have any questions about conflicts, please contact the program chairs ( eurosys25-pc-chairs@eurosys.org  ).  
 Page limit and formatting  : Submissions may have at most 12 pages of technical content, including all text, figures, tables, appendices, etc. Bibliographic references are not included in the 12-page limit. In addition, submissions may include as many additional pages as needed for supplementary material in a separate file, which can be uploaded at a separate place on the submission site. The paper should stand alone without the supplementary material, but authors may use this space for content that may be of interest to some readers but is peripheral to the main technical contributions of the paper. Note that members of the program committee are free to not read this material or appendices included in the paper when reviewing the submission.  
 Use A4 or US letter paper size, with all text and figures fitting inside a 178 x 229 mm (7 x 9 in) block centered on the page, using two columns separated by ≥8 mm (0.33″) of whitespace. Use ≥10-point font (typeface Times Roman, Linux Libertine, etc.) on ≥12-point (single-spaced) leading for all text including figure and table captions. Graphs and figures should be readable when printed in grayscale, without magnification. All pages should be numbered. Authors are encouraged to hyperlink their references.  
 Most of these rules are automatically applied when using the official SIGPLAN Latex (\documentclass[sigplan, … ]) or MS Word templates from here  . For any paper parameters not defined above, assume that the required value is the one used in these templates.  
 Papers that deviate significantly from the formatting instructions will be administratively rejected.  
 For Latex, we recommend you use (where <PAPER_ID> is the paper ID you received after abstract registration):  
 \documentclass[sigplan,twocolumn,review,anonymous]{acmart} \acmSubmissionID{<PAPER ID>} \renewcommand\footnotetextcopyrightpermission[1]{} % Optional: Remove the ACM reference between the abstract and the main text. \settopmatter{printfolios=true,printacmref=false} % Optional: Comment out the CCS concepts and keywords. ...  Revision submissions  
 If you are submitting a revised paper because you received a revise-and-resubmit decision from the previous deadline, you should already have received instructions by e-mail on how to prepare the revision submission. At submission time please tick the appropriate box in HotCRP for the fall submission, and also provide the required additional information (spring submission paper #, supplemental material, and summary of revision).  
 Author response  
 Author responses will be strictly limited to 1000 words. Providing a response in a pdf file (in which the number of words is not easy to detect) or inlining documents such as revised figures into the response will result in the response being removed. Accepted papers and artifact evaluation  
 Papers selected by the program committee will be subject to revision and approval by a program committee member acting as a shepherd. Authors are encouraged to supply source code and raw data to help others replicate and understand their results, as part of an artifact evaluation process.  
 Contact  
 For any further information, please contact the PC chairs:  eurosys25-pc-chairs@eurosys.org    
 Julia Lawall (Inria) 
  Haibo Chen (Shanghai Jiao Tong University) 

 Copyright © EuroSys 2025   

  