      
     
  Conferences    Journals    Workshops    Seminars     

  Conferences    Journals    Workshops    Seminars    Symposiums    Meetings     
  Conference Raking    Journal Ranking    Impact Score    Blog     
 LaTeX   5G Tutorial    

  IMPACT SCORE    JOURNAL RANKING    CONFERENCE RANKING    Conferences    Journals    Workshops    Seminars    SYMPOSIUMS    MEETINGS    BLOG   LaTeX   5G Tutorial   Free Tools     

  Home    Categories    About    Call for Papers     

 EuroMPI 2019 : 25th European MPI User's Group   
   
  Zurich, Switzerland 

 Event Date: | September 11, 2019 - September 13, 2019 
 Submission Deadline: | April 15, 2019 
 Notification of Acceptance: | July 01, 2019 
 Camera Ready Version Due: | August 05, 2019 

  GO TO WEBSITE        

 Categories 
 MPI    

 HPC    

 PARALLEL PROGRAMMING 

 Call for Papers 
 EuroMPI 2019 will continue to focus on not just MPI, but also extensions or alternative interfaces for high-performance homogeneous/heterogeneous/hybrid systems, benchmarks, tools, parallel I/O, fault tolerance, and parallel applications using MPI and other interfaces. Through the presentation of contributed papers, posters and invited talks, the meeting will provide ample opportunities for attendees to interact and share ideas and experiences to contribute to the improvement and furthering of message-passing and related parallel programming paradigms.  
   
  We invite high-quality, full paper submissions on all topics related to message-passing parallel programming with MPI and related or competing models. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
   
  Implementation Issues and Algorithms: Efficient and scalable implementations of message-passing constructs.  
  Architectures and systems: Towards exascale computing, efficient use of accelerators and other features of modern, large-scale systems, hardware-software interaction.  
  Programming models and paradigms for large-scale, parallel, distributed memory systems, hiearchical and hybrid models, partitioned global address space (PGAS) models.  
  Extensions to and shortcomings of MPI, alternative interfaces and solutions.  
  New, parallel (MPI-)I/O mechanisms optimizations.  
  Hybrid and heterogeneous programming with MPI and other interfaces.  
  Message passing interface support for data-intensive parallel applications.  
  Fault tolerance in message-passing implementations and systems.  
  MPI parallel programming in clouds and non-dedicated systems.  
  Applications and Performance  
  Performance evaluation for MPI and MPI-based applications.  
  Automatic performance tuning of applications and implementations.  
  Verification of message-passing applications and protocols.  
  Applications using message passing, in particular in computational science and scientific computing.  
  Parallel algorithms in the message-passing paradigm.  
  Papers accepted for presentation as full papers will be published by ACM and appear in separate proceedings the ACM Digital Library.  
   
  We also invite submissions of short papers on the same topics that are suitable for poster presentation at the conference. Papers that are not accepted for presentation as full papers may be recommended for poster presentation. Poster papers will be published informally but are not intended to appear in the regular ACM Digital Library proceedings.  
   
  Papers will be reviewed for quality, originality, clarity, correctness, technical strength, and relevance to the topics of the meeting. Each paper will receive at least 3 reviews from members of the program committee. Reviews are blind (but not double-blind), the names of the authors will be seen by the program committee.  
   
  Among the papers selected for presentation, a few of the best papers will, as has been the tradition for the last couple of years, be selected by the programme comittee and recommended for publication in a EuroMPI 2019 Special Issue of the Parallel Computing journal, see https://www.journals.elsevier.com/parallel-computing/. These papers will go through a separate round of reviews, and are intended as extended, more polished archival versions of the conference versions.  

  Important Dates  
  Submission server opens: January 14th, 2019  
  Full paper Submission: April 15th, 2019 (AOE)  
  Notification: July 1st, 2019  
  Camera-ready: August 5th, 2019  
  Conference dates: September 11th-13th, 2019  
   
  Submission Guidelines  
  To be considered, papers must be formatted according to the "sigconf" style in the ACM 2017 Template and up to 10 pages in length (shorter papers are welcome) in pdf-format. The recommended length of poster papers is two pages. Submissions (regular papers and posters) will be handled via easychair.  
   
  The page limit includes figures, tables, and appendices, but does not include references, for which there is no page limit. Margins and font sizes should not be modified. Authors should submit their work through the Euro MPI 2018 Submission Site at easychair.  
   
  Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings by ACM-ICPS. 

 Credits and Sources 
 [1] EuroMPI 2019 : 25th European MPI User's Group 

  Check other Conferences, Workshops, Seminars, and Events  Search Here    

 OTHER HPC EVENTS 

 HiPEAC 2025:   HiPEAC 2025 : HiPEAC 2025: The 20th International Conference on High Performance, Edge And Cloud computing  
  Barcelona   
  Jan 1, 2025 
 HPCA-PhS 2024:   Sixth Minisymposium on HPC Applications in Physical Sciences  
  Ostrava, Czechia   
  Sep 8, 2024 
 MHPC-IM 2024:   Minisymposium on High Performance Computing Interval Methods  
  Ostrava, Czechia   
  Sep 8, 2024 
 RISC-V PPAM 2024:   First PPAM Workshop on RISC-V  
  Ostrava, Czechia   
  Sep 9, 2024 
 ITADATA 2024:   The 3rd Italian Conference on Big Data and Data Science  
  Pisa, Italy   
  Sep 17, 2024 
 SHOW ALL 

 OTHER PARALLEL PROGRAMMING EVENTS 

 HLPP 2024:   17th International Symposium on High-Level Parallel Programming and Applications  
  Pisa, Italy   
  Jul 4, 2024 
 HPDC 2024:   ACM International Symposium on High-Performance Parallel and Distributed Computing (Call for PhD Symposium Papers)  
  Pisa, Italy   
  Jun 3, 2024 
 PARMA-DITAM 2024:   PARMA: 15th Workshop on Parallel Programming and Run-Time Management Techniques for Many-core Architectures & DITAM: 13th Workshop on Design Tools and Architectures for Multi-Core  
  Munich, Germany   
  Jan 17, 2024 
 D-HPC 2023:   The First International Workshop on Democratizing High-Performance Computing  
  Denver, USA   
  Nov 12, 2023 
 IWOMP 2023:   19th International Workshop on OpenMP  
  Bristol University   
  Sep 13, 2023 
 SHOW ALL 

  About Us  | Contact Us  | Disclaimer  | Privacy Policy  | Terms and Conditions   
   
 © 2024 www.resurchify.com  All Rights Reserved.  

  