Skip links  
 Skip to primary navigation 
  Skip to content 
  Skip to footer 
   
     Home 
  Program 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Organizers 
  Venue 
  Register 
  Archive 
  Toggle menu    

 Call for Paper  
 EuroMPI 2023 will continue to focus on advancing the ubiquitous Message Passing Interface (MPI) model and specification of parallel programming. It will also encompass extensions and alternative interfaces for high-performance heterogeneous and hybrid systems, benchmarks, tools, parallel I/O, fault tolerance, and parallel applications using MPI and other interfaces.  
 EuroMPI 2023 will be hosted by the University of Bristol and will be co-located with IWOMP 2023 (September 13-15, 2023), with joint tutorials, and opportunities to interact between the two communities.  
 Through the presentation of full papers, position papers, posters, and invited talks, the meeting will provide ample opportunities for attendees to interact and share ideas and experiences to contribute to the improvement and furthering of message-passing and related parallel programming paradigms.  
 Having EuroMPI, IWOMP and the MPI Forum grouped together provides ample opportunities for attendees to interact and share ideas and experiences to contribute to the improvement and furthering of message-passing, shared-memory parallelism, and related parallel programming paradigms -- and their combined usage.  
 We invite high-quality, full paper submissions on all topics related to message-passing parallel programming with MPI and related or competing models. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Implementation Issues and Algorithms: Efficient and scalable implementations of message-passing constructs. 
  Architectures and systems: Towards exascale computing, efficient use of accelerators and other features of modern, large-scale systems, hardware-software interaction. 
  Programming models and paradigms for large-scale, parallel, distributed memory systems, hierarchical and hybrid models, partitioned global address space (PGAS) models. 
  Extensions to and shortcomings of MPI, alternative interfaces and solutions. 
  New, parallel (MPI-)I/O mechanisms optimizations. 
  Hybrid and heterogeneous programming with MPI and other interfaces. 
  Message passing interface support for data-intensive parallel applications. 
  Fault tolerance in message-passing implementations and systems. 
  MPI parallel programming in clouds and non-dedicated systems. 
  Applications and Performance. 
  Performance evaluation for MPI and MPI-based applications. 
  Automatic performance tuning of applications and implementations. 
  Verification of message-passing applications and protocols. 
  Applications using message passing, in particular in computational science and scientific computing. 
  Parallel algorithms in the message-passing paradigm. 
  Interactions between the message-passing library and runtime systems. 
  Papers will be reviewed for quality, originality, clarity, correctness, technical strength, and relevance to the topics of the meeting. Each paper will receive at least three reviews from members of the program committee. Reviews are blind  (but not double-blind); the names of the authors will be seen by the program committee.  
 Among the papers selected for presentation, a few of the best papers will, as has been the tradition for the last couple of years, be selected by the program committee and recommended for publication in a EuroMPI 2023 Special Issue of a Journal, more details about the journal special issue coming here soon. These papers will go through a separate round of reviews, and are intended as extended, more polished archival versions of the conference versions.  
 Papers that are not accepted for presentation as full papers may be recommended for short papers or poster presentations. Short papers and poster will be published informally on the website, but are not intended to appear in the regular conference proceedings. Even without official proceedings, we consider short papers and posters to be a good way to present early work to the community, which can lead to discussions, constructive feedbacks and collaboration opportunities.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract | EXTENDED | deadline: | 22th April 2023 AoE  , 8th May 2023 AoE 
  Submission | FINAL EXTENDED | deadline: | 29th April 2023 AoE, 15th May 2023 AoE  , 20th May 2023 AoE 
  Paper notification: | 19th 22nd | 26th June 2023 AoE 
  Submission Guidelines  
 To be considered, papers must be formatted according to the "sigconf" template style of the ACM Primary Article Template  . Full papers may be up to 10 pages in length in PDF format.  
 The Overleaf template for LaTeX users can be found here  (updated to point to the two-column format). Please make sure to use the "sigconf" template style.  
 The page limit includes figures, tables, and appendices, but does not include references, for which there is no page limit. Margins, spacing, and font sizes should not be modified from the template.  
 Authors should submit their work through the EuroMPI 2023  Submission Site at easychair. Note that at least one of the authors of each paper accepted for presentation in EuroMPI 2023 must be registered.   
   
 Icons made by Freepik  from www.flaticon.com    

  