  
 EUSPN 2024   
   
 The 15th International Conference on Emerging Ubiquitous Systems and Pervasive Networks (EUSPN)  
  October 28-30, 2024, Leuven, Belgium  

 Call for Papers  

 Download EUSPN 2024 Flyer (PDF)   
     
  Download Call for Papers (Text)   
      The 15th International Conference on Emerging Ubiquitous Systems and Pervasive Networks (EUSPN) is a premier venue for bringing together multi-disciplinary researchers, professionals and practitioners from both academia and industry, who are engaged in different facets of ubiquitous systems and pervasive networks. The conference encourages innovative research contributions providing the recent significant developments and promising future trends of EUSPN based applications, systems, tools, environments and infrastructures in the fields of EUSPN and related areas.  
 All EUSPN 2024 accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings published by Elsevier Science in the open-access Procedia Computer Science series on-line. Procedia Computer Sciences is hosted on www.Elsevier.com  and on Elsevier content platform ScienceDirect ( www.sciencedirect.com  ), and will be freely available worldwide. All papers in Procedia will also be indexed by Scopus ( www.scopus.com  ) and Engineering Village (Ei) ( www.engineeringvillage.com  ). This includes EI Compendex ( www.ei.org/compendex  ). The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers. All accepted papers will also be indexed in DBLP ( http://dblp.uni-trier.de/  ). Selected papers will be invited for publication in international journals special issues.  
 Papers on either completed or ongoing research are invited in the following and related tracks:  
 Ad hoc and Pervasive Networks 
  Adaptive Systems, Intelligent Computing and Applications 
  Big Data and Big Data Science 
  Cloud, Cluster, Grid and Social Computing 
  Emerging Pervasive/Ubiquitous Technologies 
  Intelligent Traffic and Transportation Systems 
  Internet of Things 
  Mobile Computing and Wireless Communications 
  Security, Privacy, and Trust 
  Semantic Web Technologies 
  See also the important dates  and the guidelines for the paper submission  .  

  In conjunction with:   
    
  The 14th International Conference on Current and  
  Future Trends of Information and Communication Technologies in Healthcare (ICTH)    

 Menu  
 Home 
  Organizing Commitee 
  Program Committees 
  Important Dates 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Camera Ready Submission 
  Conference Program 
  Workshops | Call for Workshops Proposals 
  Approved Workshops 
  Venue | Accommodations 
  Visa 
  Registration 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Journal Special Issues 
  Past EUSPN Conferences 
  Contact Us 

 Copyright © EUSPN 2021. All Rights Reserved.   

  