Skip to Main Content  This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By continuing to use our site, we shall assume that you accept our use of cookies.   
 I Understand    

 Join Now | Login 
  Home 
  Join 
  News 
  Network | Discussions 
  Calendar | Events 
  Jobs & Opportunities 
  Digital Library 
  SIGs 
  About | President's welcome 
  Executive Board 
  International Advisory Council 
  Administration 
  Fellows 
  Conferences 
  Publications 
  History 
  Constitution 
  Contact 
  Submit 

 Login 
  Join Now 

 Home 
  Join 
  News 
  Network | Discussions 
  Calendar | Events 
  Jobs & Opportunities 
  Digital Library 
  SIGs 
  About | President's welcome 
  Executive Board 
  International Advisory Council 
  Administration 
  Fellows 
  Conferences 
  Publications 
  History 
  Constitution 
  Contact 

 CfP: 14th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Music, Sound, Art and Design (EvoMUSART)  
 Date:   01 Nov 2024 (All Day)   

 You've indicated that you are not attending this event.    
 You've successfully registered for this event.    
   
 Event Information 

 More   Event Information 
    
 Register   

 Registration for this event has passed   
   
 Event Details   

 The 14th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Music, Sound, Art and Design (EvoMUSART) will take place on 23-25 April 2025, as part of the Evo* event.  
   
 EvoMUSART webpage: www.evostar.org/2025/evomusart/   
 Submission deadline:  1 November 2024  
 Conference:  23-25 April 2024  
  
  EvoMUSART is a multidisciplinary conference that brings together researchers who are working on the application of Artificial Neural Networks, Evolutionary Computation, Swarm Intelligence, Cellular Automata, Alife, and other Artificial Intelligence techniques in creative and artistic fields such as Visual Art, Music, Architecture, Video, Digital Games, Poetry, or Design. This conference gives researchers in the field the opportunity to promote, present and discuss ongoing work in the area.  
 Submissions must be at most 14 pages long, excluding references, in Springer LNCS format. Each submission must be anonymised for a double-blind review process.  
 Accepted papers will be presented orally or as posters at the event and included in the EvoMUSART proceedings published by Springer Nature in a dedicated volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series.  
 Indicative topics include but are not limited to:  
 Systems that create drawings, images, animations, sculptures, poetry, text, designs, webpages, buildings, etc.; 
  Systems that create musical pieces, sounds, instruments, voices, sound effects, sound analysis, etc.; 
  Systems that create artefacts such as game content, architecture, furniture, based on aesthetic and functional criteria; 
  Robotic-based Evolutionary Art and Music; 
  Other related artificial or generative techniques in the fields of Computer Music, Computer Art, etc. 
  Techniques for automatic fitness assignment; 
  Systems in which an analysis or interpretation of the artworks is used in conjunction with artificial intelligence techniques to produce novel objects; 
  Systems that resort to artificial intelligence approaches to perform the analysis of image, music, sound, sculpture, or some other types of artistic object or resource. 
  Systems in which artificial intelligence is used to promote the creativity of a human user; 
  New ways of integrating the user in the evolutionary cycle; 
  Analysis and evaluation of: the artistic potential of biologically inspired art and music; the artistic processes inherent to these approaches; the resulting artefacts; 
  Collaborative distributed artificial art environments; 
  Contextualisation of creative AI in cultural, economic, social, political or ecological discourse; 
  Computational Aesthetics, Experimental Aesthetics; Emotional Response, Surprise, Novelty; 
  Representation techniques; 
  Surveys of the current state-of-the-art in the area; identification of weaknesses and strengths; comparative analysis and classification; 
  Validation methodologies; 
  Studies on the applicability of these techniques to related areas; 
  New models designed to promote the creative potential of biologically inspired computation. 
  More information on the submission process and the topics of EvoMUSART: www.evostar.org/2025/evomusart/   
   
 Flyer of EvoMUSART 2025:  
 http://www.evostar.org/2025/flyers/evomusart   

 When   

 Date:   01 Nov 2024 (All Day)   
  
   Google Calendar   
   iCal    
   
 Location   

 Trieste, Province of Trieste, Italy 

 Bookmark/Share   

 Event Admins   

 Anna Talley   Online Editor   Design Research Society 

  85 Great Portland Street  
  London UK W1W 7LT  

  admin@designresearchsociety.org    

 Latest News Items  
 DRSelects: Luca Simeone on Design for Change and Contemplative Practices   December 03, 2024 | DRSelects: Luca Simeone on Design for Change and Contemplative Practices.  Read More 
  Temporary Pause on SIG Applications and Approvals   November 26, 2024 | Temporary pause on SIG applications and approvals.  Read More 

 Upcoming Events  
 Learn X Design 2025 Call for Papers   December 9 | LearnXDesign 2025  
   
  Call for Papers  Read More 
  Discussion with Pluriversal SIG and beyond (TBC)   December 13 | EdSIG and PluriSIG collaborative event (TBC)  Read More 

 Terms and Conditions  
  
 Website use   
 Privacy Policy   
 Cookies Policy   
 Contact us   

 Powered by  SilkStart Association Management Software    

 ×  Close   Log In  
   
   Email:     
   
 Password:       
 Forgot your password?     
   
 Log In    

 Not a member? Sign up  .   

  