The International Conference on Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks (EWSN 2023)     
 University of Calabria – Rende, Italy – 25-27 September 2023   
    
 Skip to content    
 Home 
  Organization | Technical Program Committee 
  Calls & Submission | Call for Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Workshops 
  Keynotes 
  Sponsors 
  Registration 
  Program | Social Event 
  Attend | Venue 
  Getting there 
  Accomodations 
  VISA / Invitation Letter 

 Call for Papers  
 Download the Call For Papers [PDF]!   
  Download the Call For Papers [TXT]!   
  Call for Papers  
 The 20th edition on the International Conference on Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks (EWSN 2023)  
 25-27 September 2023  
  Rende, Italy  
 —————————-  
 IMPORTANT DATES    
 Regular (full/short) Paper Submission | : | April 1st , 2023 | April 30th, 2023 (extended firm deadline) 
  Regular Paper Acceptance Notice | : June 1st, 2023 
  Camera Ready Submission | : June 30th, 2023 
  Poster/Demo/Work-in-Progress Paper Submission  : June 15th , 2023  June 25th, 2023 (extended firm deadline) 
  Poster/Demo/Work-in-Progress Paper Acceptance Notice | : June 30th, 2023 
  Poster/Demo/Work-in-Progress Camera Ready Submission | : July 7th, 2023 
  Workshops Paper Submission | : | May 31st , 2023 | June 10th, 2023 (extended firm deadline) 
  Workshops Paper Acceptance Notice | : June 15th, 2023 
  Workshops Camera Ready Submission | : June 30th, 2023 
  Early Bird Registration | : July 15th, 2023 
   
 —————————-  
 The International Conference on Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks (EWSN) is a highly selective single-track international conference focusing on the latest research results on embedded systems and wireless networking, key enablers for visionary scenarios such as the Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems. Building on the past 19 years of success, the 20th edition will be held in Rende, Italy. The conference continues its aim for broad, world-wide impact.  
 PROCEEDINGS  : Proceedings will be indexed in the ACM Digital Library, SCOPUS, and other prominent digital libraries.  
  ** ALL ACCEPTED PAPERS, including Poster, Demo, WiP, and Workshops papers, will be included in the main conference procedeedings. **  
 FEATURE TOPIC  : Enabling the IoT ecosystem through Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks  
 The Internet of Things (IoT) is the latest example of an ecosystem whose constituent elements promise to be independent, situated, and temporarily networked to synergically provide advanced cyberÐphysical functionalities. Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks play a key role in the IoT scenario but their engineering poses several challenges from as many viewpoints, spanning across the whole development stack: at device level, embedded systems demands to incorporate embedded intelligence for smartness, autonomy, safety, resilience, efficiency and privacy; at network level, current wireless technologies like 5G, NB-IOT, ZigBee and Lora as well as next-generation ones need to be fully exploited aiming to enable edge computing paradigm; at data level, the huge amount of data with heterogeneous data schemas and formats demand for effective processing, storage and exploitation techniques; finally, at the service level, integration and interoperability issues need to be addressed by means of semantic technologies to avoid  
  siloed and segmented systems and applications.  
 To systematically address these issues and tame the intrinsic complexity of the IoT ecosystem, full-fledged sets of development solutions and multidisciplinary approaches are needed: therefore, methodologies, frameworks, platforms and tools purposely conceived for the IoT scenario are gaining traction.  
 SPECIFIC TOPICS  of interest include but are not limited to:  
  Edge Intelligence paradigms, models and techniques for IoT ecosystems; Architectures and infrastructures for Edge-Cloud continuum for IoT ecosystems; Interoperability-oriented and integration-oriented enablers for IoT ecosystems; Communication and networking for wireless, embedded and cognitive systems; Operating systems, middleware, and services; Processing, storage, and management of data; Communication and programming paradigms, languages and tools; Dependability (real-time, reliability, availability, safety) in wireless systems; AI operated wireless sensing, actuation and control systems; Modeling, simulation, and measurement tools for wireless AI systems and applications; Machine learning and data mining for wireless sensor system; Services and wireless networking for Cyber-Physical Systems and IoT; Next generation wireless networks, 6G; Privacy and security in applications and systems; Human- centric interaction with wireless and embedded AI systems; Experiences, challenges, comparisons of embedded AI platforms; Applications of wireless embedded AI in health, automation, manufacturing , transportation; Embedded algorithms and systems for computational perception, vision, speech, haptics; Empirical studies, measurement, validation, deployment, experiences; Sustainability and Green Tech; Applications and problems from developing countries and emerging markets.  
 CO-LOCATED WORKSHOPS   
  – The 1st International Workshop on Machine Learning for Autonomic System Operation in the Device-Edge-Cloud Continuum (MLSysOps 2023)   
  – The 2nd International Workshop on Security and Privacy in Connected Embedded Systems (SPICES 2023)   
  – The 2nd International Workshop on Hybrid Internet of Everything Models for Industry 5.0 (HIEMI 2023)   
  – The 1st International Workshop on Trusted and Reliable Embedded Wireless Environments (TREWE 2023)   
 SUBMISSION  to EWSN 2023 must be original (i.e., not previously published) and not currently under review by any other conference or journal. Submissions related to the featured topic are especially welcome, but all other submissions in scope of EWSN are equally welcome, all submissions will be evaluated based on the same criteria. EWSN 2023 will adopt a double-blind review process. Authors must make a good faith effort to anonymize their submissions to ensure that their identities are not disclosed to reviewers and reviewers are discouraged from actively working to uncover author identities. To promote early dissemination, submission to arXiv (or similar) is allowed, provided cross-citations are not made.  
 Paper Submission is managed through Easychair at: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ewsn2023   
  Publication template available at website https://ewsn2023.dimes.unical.it   
 Paper Types   
  Full Paper: 10-12 pages  
  Short Paper: 4-6 pages  
  Poster/Demo Paper: 2 pages  
  Work-in-Progress Paper: 4 pages  
 ORGANIZERS   
 Honorary Chair   
  Adam Wolisz, Tech Univ. Berlin, Germany  
 General Chair   
  Giancarlo Fortino, Univ. of Calabria, Italy  
 General co-Chair   
  Archan Misra, Singapore Management Univ., Singapore  
 Program Chair   
  Valeria Loscrì, Inria Lille, France  
  Fabrizio Granelli, Univ. of Trento, Italy  
  Tarek Abdelzaher, Univ. of Illinois, USA  
 Workshop Chairs   
  Gian Pietro Picco, Univ. of Trento, Italy  
  Raymond Choo, Univ. of Texas at San Antonio, USA  
  Gregory O’Hare, Trinity College Dublin, Ireland  
 Sponsorship/Industry/Projects Chairs   
  Tommaso Melodia, Northeastern Univ., USA  
  Carlos Palau, Politech. Univ. of Valencia, Spain  
  Yiannis Andreopoulos, Univ. College London, UK  
 Finance Chair   
  Antonio Guerrieri, ICAR-CNR, Italy  
 Publication Chair   
  Claudio Savaglio, Univ. of Calabria, Italy  
  Antonella Guzzo, Univ. of Calabria, Italy  
 Web Chair   
  Raffaele Gravina, Univ. of Calabria, Italy  

 Recent Posts | Program online! 
  Sponsored By 

 The International Conference on Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks (EWSN 2023)    
 Proudly powered by WordPress.    

 WordPress Video Lightbox Plugin    

  