中文页面 
  WELCOME TO icWCSN 2025 OFFICIAL WEBSITE | SHENZHEN, CHINA   

 Working Phone: +86-191-1328-3521  
  Working Hours : Monday to Friday - 10am to 5pm 
  Conference Secretary: Ms. Jessie Huang   
  Contact Email: icwcsn_conference@outlook.com 

 Home 
  Committees 
  Speakers | Keynote Speakers 
  Invited Speakers 
  Speakers Gallery 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Attend 
  Programme 
  History | Publication and Index 
  icWCSN 2024 
  icWCSN 2023 
  icWCSN 2022 
  icWCSN 2021 
  icWCSN 2020 
  News 

 CALL FOR PAPERS / 征稿主题  
   
 Home 
  Call for Papers 

 November 30, 2023 Good News-- Download icWCSN CFP Leaflet   
  
 You are invited to submit papers in all areas of wireless communications and sensor networks. Potential topics include, but are not limited to:   

  TRACK 1: PHY AND FUNDAMENTALS  
 Track Chair: Qiaoshou Liu, Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China   
 Channel modeling, characterization and estimation 
  Modulation, coding, diversity, equalization, synchronization 
  Multi-carrier modulation, waveform design 
  Interference modeling, management, cancellation and alignment 
  PHY strategies for low-rate, sporadic and asynchronous communications 
  MIMO, massive MIMO and cloud-RAN 
  Cooperative, device-to-device and multi-hop communication 
  Cognitive radio, spectrum sensing 
  Content caching and storage in wireless networks 
  PHY layer design for cellular, wireless LAN, ad hoc and sensor networks 
  Energy efficient and energy harvesting PHY layer design 
  Joint information and energy transmission 
  PHY layer security and privacy 
  Ultra-wideband, mmWave and sub-THz communication 
  Information-theoretic aspects of wireless communications 
  Signal processing for wireless communications 
  Molecular and nano communications 
  AI, machine learning and data analytics for wireless communications 
  Beyond 5G and 6G 
  Full duplexing 
  TRACK 2: MAC AND CROSS-LAYER DESIGN  
 Track Chair: Assoc. Prof. Sansan Sun,Sichuan Normal University, China   
 Wireless MAC protocols for 5G: design, analysis, and optimization 
  Cognitive and cooperative MAC 
  MAC for mesh, ad hoc, relay and sensor networks 
  Scheduling and radio resource management 
  Cross-layer MAC design 
  Software defined radio, RFID MAC 
  QoS support and energy efficient MAC 
  MAC protocol for energy harvesting wireless networks 
  MAC design for multitier cellular/small cell networks 
  Multiple access in machine-to-machine communication 
  MAC for cloud-RAN 
  MAC protocols for molecular and nano networks 
  MAC protocols for mmWave networks 
  Full-duplex MAC design 
  Cross-layer design for massive MIMO and multiuser MIMO networks 
  AI, machine learning and data analytics for MAC and cross-layer design 
  TRACK 3: WIRELESS NETWORKS  
 Track Chair: Prof. Wenzhe Gu, Huizhou University, China   
 Software-defined mobile / wireless networks 
  Wireless Network Functions Virtualization 
  Virtual network management and orchestration 
  Mobile cloud 
  Fog computing and networking 
  Mobile Edge Computing 
  Mesh, relay, sensor and ad hoc networks 
  Routing and congestion in wireless networks 
  Cognitive radio and networking 
  Resource management and optimization 
  Mobile big data and network data analytics 
  Wireless network security and privacy 
  Mobile social networks 
  Wireless network measurements and characterization 
  AI, machine learning and data analytics for wireless networks 
  Wireless networking for autonomous vehicles 
  Wireless networking for smart X (energy, factory, city, etc.) 
  IoT wireless networking 
  TRACK 4: EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES, ARCHITECTURES AND SERVICES  
 Track Chair: Prof. Xiao Ding, Macau University of Science and Technology, China   
 Mobile / Wireless network support for vertical industries 
  Adaptive content distribution in on-demand services 
  Context and location-aware wireless services and applications 
  User-centric networks and adaptive services 
  Wireless body area networks and e-health services 
  Intelligent transportation systems 
  Dynamic sensor networks for urban applications 
  Wireless emergency and security systems 
  Ultra-reliable communication 
  Enabling regulations, standards, spectrum management 
  Hybrid licensed/unlicensed spectrum access schemes 
  Technologies, architectures and enabling business models for rural communications 
  Satellite-based mobile access and backhaul 
  Hybrid satellite-terrestrial networks 
  Testbed and prototype implementation of wireless services 
  Quantum communication 

 REQUIREMENTS   
 All submissions should be written in English. Regular paper is required to have at least 4 full pages (double columns) or 8 full pages (one column) including tables, figures and references. A paper is usually no more than 10 pages (double columns) or 20 pages (one column).  
 All submitted articles should report original, previously unpublished research results, experimental or theoretical. Articles submitted to the conference should meet these criteria and must not be under consideration for publication elsewhere.We firmly believe that ethical conduct is the most essential virtual of any academic. Hence any act of plagiarism is a totally unacceptable academic misconduct and cannot be tolerated. If an author is found to commit an act of plagiarism, the following acts of sanction will be taken:  
   
  1. Reject the article submitted or delete the article from the final publications.  
  2. Report the authors violation to his/her supervisor(s) and affiliated institution(s).  
  3. Report the authors violation to the appropriate overseeing office of academic ethics and research funding agency.  
  4. Reserve the right to publish the authors name(s), the title of the article, the name(s) of the affiliated institution and the details of misconduct, etc. of the plagiaris  
 CLICK HERE TO SUBMISSION GUIDANCE PAGE   

 icWCSN, the global event for presentation of advances in wireless communication and sensor networks.  
  icWCSN 致力于发布与交流 无线通信和传感器网络领域的最新研究成果与经验  

 LINKS  
 FORMATTING TEMPLATES 
  CFP FLYER 
  SUBMISSION SYSTEM 
  NEWS/ANNOUNCEMENT 

 Welcome to icWCSN  

 SECRETARY  
 Ms. Jessie Huang   

 Copyright © 2025. icWCSN All rights reserved. www.icwcsn.org    
   
 CALL FOR PAPERS 
  TRAVEL/VISA 
  ABOUT ICWSCN 

  