Skip to content    
     
 The 33rd IEEE International Symposium on Field-Programmable Custom Computing Machines   

     Menu  Home 
  Call for Contributions | Author Guidelines 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Special Sessions 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Committees 
  General Info | Code of Conduct 
  Diversity 
  Past FCCMs 
  FCCM 2024 Event Photos 

 Call for Papers 2025  
  
 FCCM 2025 Deadline:   
  January 10th, 2025 (abstract)   
  January 17, 2025 (full paper)   
 All deadlines apply to the Anywhere on Earth (UTC – 12)   timezone   
 The IEEE International Symposium on Field-Programmable Custom Computing Machines is the original and premier forum for presenting and discussing new research related to computing that exploits the unique features and capabilities of FPGAs and other reconfigurable hardware. Over the past two decades, FCCM has been the place to present papers on architectures, tools, and programming models for field-programmable custom computing machines as well as applications that use such systems. This year FCCM seeks to embrace its role as the venue where “firsts” are presented by encouraging submissions describing new forward thinking research on emerging technologies with in-field reconfiguration capabilities for the upcoming post Moore’s Law era. Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  

 Custom Computing and Reconfigurable Architectures  :  
 Heterogeneous and mixed signal digital/analog field customizable accelerators 
  Neuromorphic emulation and accelerators 
  Memory centric computing architectures 
  Overlays, coarse grained reconfigurable architectures 
  Clusters, data centers, and large systems 
  IoT and Embedded SoC, MPSoC architectures with reconfigurable devices 
  Security enhancements for reconfigurable computing 
  Customizable soft processor systems 
  Abstractions, Programming Models, and Tools:   
 Use of Large Language Models (LLMs) for FPGA design 
  Domain-specific languages, frameworks, and open-source hw/sw synthesis/compilation tools 
  Design tools, instrumentation, debug for designer productivity 
  High-level synthesis 
  Software-defined-systems (e.g. radio, networks, frameworks for new domains) 
  CAD tools, abstractions, and languages for mixed analog/digital fabrics 
  Run Time Reconfiguration:   
 Run-time management and scheduling of reconfigurable hardware 
  System resilience/fault tolerance for reconfigurable hardware 
  Evolvable, adaptable, approximate, or autonomous reconfigurable computing systems 
  Security assessment and enhancement of run-time reconfiguration 
  Applications     
 Evaluations and analysis on custom computing architectures with GPUs, NPUs, or DSPs 
  Post Quantum Cryptography, Quantum control and emulation 
  Safety critical, reliable and high assurance 
  Security detection and prevention, and Side Channel analysis and Attack 
  Digital twin, modeling, and acceleration 
  FCCM 2025 is an in-person event. At least one author will be required to register and attend. (Submissions that fail to meet this requirement will not appear in IEEE Xplore.) Please refer to the FCCM website ( www.fccm.org  ) for updates and details.  
 Paper Types:   
 Submissions can be made for any of the two paper types:  
 Traditional technical long papers | that introduce and evaluate new technologies. These papers must have strong empirical results and address significant challenges of the corresponding problem. Page length is 8 pages (excluding references). 
  Short papers | intended for new projects, early results, late breaking, and work that can be presented concisely. Page length is 4 pages (excluding references). 
  Important Dates – Direct Submission:   
 All deadlines apply to the Anywhere on Earth (UTC – 12)  timezone  
  
 Abstracts Due | January 10, 2025 (NO EXTENSIONS) 
 Submissions Due | January 17, 2025 (NO EXTENSIONS) 
 Conference | May 4 - 7, 2025 

 IEEE Privacy Policy     

 Powered by WordPress /  WordPress Theme by WPSmart    

                                                                                                              