MENU        

 BEYOND  THESE TOWERS    

 SEARCH     

 Mega Menu First Column  
 Project-Based Learning | A Project-Based Education 
  PBL in Higher Education 
  Lifelong Impact 
  Academics | Degrees and Certificates 
  Departments & Programs 
  Undergraduate Studies 
  Graduate Studies 
  Pre-Collegiate Outreach 
  Online Graduate Programs 
  Online Professional Development 
  The STEM Education Center 
  Faculty 
  Academic Calendar 
  Academic Catalogs 
   
 Mega Menu Second Column  
 Admissions & Aid | Undergraduate Admissions 
  Graduate Admissions 
  Financial Aid 
  Athletics 
  The Student Experience | Community & Culture 
  Housing & Dining 
  Getting Involved 
  Sports & Recreation 
  Health & Wellness 
  Resources & Support 
  The First-Year Experience 
   
 Mega Menu Third Column  
 Research | Areas of Research 
  Institutes & Centers 
  Student Research 
  Research Partnerships 
  Research Resources 
  Innovation & Entrepreneurship 
  News & Events 
  Give to WPI 
   
 Mega Menu Fourth Column  
 Students 
  Parents 
  Faculty & Staff 
  Alumni 
  Employers & Partners 
  K-12 
  Media 

 Search     

 Common Searches:  
 Where is WPI? 
  Interested in Study Abroad? 
  What research is WPI known for? 
  What is project-based learning? 
  Does WPI have sports? 

 Breadcrumb  

 Home      
 Research   

  This video does not contain audio.             

 Research That Matters  

 WPI’s growing research enterprise focuses on discovering and developing solutions to problems that matter to people. We work across disciplines to educate students and give researchers opportunities to push boundaries. Researchers at WPI collaborate with academic, industry, government, and private partners to increase the impact of all we do, and we create pathways to develop a workforce that advances new ideas at every level.   
 WPI’s facilities support research that creates change. Whether it is the customized training and cutting-edge equipment of the Biomanufacturing Education and Training Center (BETC), PracticePoint’s spaces for health care research, development, and testing, or any of WPI’s other labs, our research transforms lives for the better.   

 “WPI researchers work in teams across disciplines and around the world to find practical, sustainable, and humane solutions to difficult problems."   
 - Bogdan Vernescu   
  Vice President and Vice Provost for Research and Innovation   

 Site Menu  
      Sidebar Menu         Research        
 Areas of Research | AI, Data, and Robotics | Artificial Intelligence 
  Advanced Sustainable Materials & Manufacturing 
  Life Sciences & Biotechnology | Biomanufacturing for Sustainability 
  Research by Department | Central Massachusetts ClimaTech Hub 
  Institutes & Centers | Bioengineering Institute (BEI) | About BEI Research 
  Partners 
  Faculty & Staff 
  Healthcare Delivery Institute | Research Projects 
  The HDI Living Lab 
  Educational Opportunities 
  Meet the Team 
  Global Water Resource Center | Faculty 
  Student Water Projects 
  Partners 
  Center for First Responder Technology | History 
  People 
  Physiological Monitoring 
  Toxic Gas Detection Technology 
  Fire-resistant Fire Hoses 
  Precision Personnel Location (PPL) 
  First Responder Workshops 
  Center for Global Public Safety | Mission and Vision 
  Meet the Team 
  History 
  Institute of Science and Technology for Development 
  Autonomous Vehicle Mobility Institute | About 
  Career 
  Facilities 
  Professional Activities 
  Publications 
  Research and Development 
  Faculty and Staff 
  Student Research 
  Research Partnerships | Advancing Manufacturing | WPI & Manufacturing USA 
  DEVCOM 
  University of Massachusetts 
  Core Research Facilities | PracticePoint | Facilities 
  Members & Users 
  Graduate Student Research 
  Undergraduate Student Projects 
  About the Team 
  Advisory Board 
  Cell Engineering Research Equipment Suite - CERES | Facilities and Equipment 
  How to Utilize our capabilities 
  Meet the Team 
  Lab for Education & Application Prototypes | About LEAP 
  Information for Industry Affiliates 
  Information for Students 
  Laboratories and Facilities 
  Meet the Team 
  Life Sciences & Bioengineering Center | Instrumentation Core 
  Histology Core 
  Microscopy Core 
  Vivarium Core 
  WPI’s Research Lab Equipment Database 
  Resources for WPI Researchers 

 Office of the Vice Provost for Research   
   
 The  Office of the Vice Provost for Research   supports the university’s research enterprise by enhancing the environment for exploration, encouraging the highest standards of quality, and fostering ethical conduct in research.   
 Annual Report FY 2025    

  IMPACTFUL  
 WPI faculty and students conduct cutting-edge, interdisciplinary research that addresses the world’s most pressing challenges.   
   
       Our Research Focus Areas    

  INNOVATIVE  
 WPI invests in faculty, researchers, and students with training and practice in value creation and innovation to change the world.   
   
       Technology Commercialization        Turning Ideas into Values    

  TRANSFORMATIVE  
 Benefiting from their research experiences as they do from other distinctive elements of a WPI education, students become global leaders.   
   
       Student Research Opportunities    

 PARTNER WITH US    

 Climate Tech Research   
   
 Untapped Energy  
 WPI researchers are developing novel ideas to tackle the urgent need for technologies that will address climate change.    

       Read more in the WPI Journal    

 Robert Hyers Is Named a Fellow of Minerals, Metals, and Materials Society   
   
 November 25, 2024   

 Jamal Yagoobi Leads Project Using Light to Improve Drying Technologies   
   
 November 20, 2024   

 Quantum Cloud Research, Education to Leap Forward at WPI With New Grant   
   
 November 19, 2024   

 The Paradox of Tedious Work: Research Reveals Impact on Creativity   
   
 November 11, 2024   

 More Research News    

 Guardians of the Microchip  
 WPI researchers use world-class microscopes to detect cybersecurity threats in semiconductors   
   
       Read more in the WPI Journal    

 Student Project: Empowering 5G by Enhancing Network Security and Performance  
 A student team used an open-source framework to simulate 5G environments to prepare for future testing of scenarios like jamming attacks on networks.   
   
       Read more in the WPI Journal    

 From WPI's university magazine  A Dry Heat  
 Jamal Yagoobi’s dual areas of expertise have him in demand everywhere from outer space to the manufacturing floor.  
   
       Read more in the WPI Journal    

 From WPI's university magazine  Robots in the Workplace  
 WPI researchers are introducing robots to workplaces while understanding how humans interact with the technology.   
   
       Read more in the WPI Journal    

 From WPI's university magazine  Revolutionary Tech or Pandora’s Box?  
 WPI experts weigh in on what should excite and alarm us about large-language models.   
   
       Read more in the WPI Journal    

 From WPI's university magazine  Computational Connections  
 Dmitry Korkin has made the computer a powerful ally for unlocking the mysteries of biology and medicine.  
   
       Read more in the WPI Journal    

 Previous     Next       

 WPI research news delivered to your inbox  
 Get the scoop on the latest research from our experts in areas wide-ranging topics. Each month, we send our subscribers a monthly newsletter.  

       Sign up for the Research Newsletter    

 Corporate Partnerships  
 WPI's Office of Corporate Partnerships cultivates on-campus and industry support for projects, sponsorships, research, fellowships, and scholarships. If you're interested in learning how WPI can partner with your company or your research team, get in touch with the Corporate Partnerships team.  

       Learn more about partnering with WPI    

 WPI Expert Database  
 WPI experts are leaders in their fields and are available to offer ideas, opinions, analysis, and commentary. From issues facing higher education to current events, trending topics, and breaking news, our WPI researchers are eager to share their expertise with the world.  

       WPI’s Experts    

 Facilities & Equipment  
 Whether your research needs a critical instrument, you need training on equipment, or you’re seeking multidisciplinary collaborations, WPI’s research facilities and well-equipped laboratories are will help you get to the next level in your research.  

       Lab Equipment Listings and Fees    

 Announcements  
       See More Announcements    
 New Grant to Fund Research Exploring AI and AR in Architectural Design Education    
 November 26, 2024    
 [Marketing Communications]    
 Research @ WPI | November 2024 Newsletter    
 November 25, 2024    
 [Marketing Communications]    
 NSF Awards $259,570 to Christina Bailey-Hytholt to Develop New Models to Study Preeclampsia    
 November 13, 2024    
 [Marketing Communications]    
 Announcement: WPI I-CORPS Fall 2024 Cohort    
 November 06, 2024    
 [Technology Innovation and Entrepreneurship]    

 THE CAMPAIGN FOR WORCESTER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE   
                                                                                                 
 BEYOND  
  THESE  
  TOWERS    
 Now, more than ever, the world needs what we have created and what we do at WPI.   
       BE A PART OF IT    

 About WPI 
  Bookstore 
  Canvas 
  Careers 
  Directories 
  Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging 
  Library 
  Offices 
  MENTAL HEALTH & WELL-BEING RESOURCES  WORCESTER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE   
  100 Institute Road   
  Worcester  , MA  | 01609-2280   
  Ph: 508-831-5000   Contact Us  |  Coming to Campus    
 Emergency Management  |  Accessibility    
  
 Twitter/X     Instagram     Facebook     TikTok     YouTube      Linkedin         

  