Przejdź do menu głównego 
  Przejdź do treści strony 
  Przejdź do wyszukiwarki 
  Strona: Paper submission instructions / Politechnika Rzeszowska  
   
       A   A +   A ++     
   
   Wyszukaj    Wyszukaj   Szukaj *      

  Zaloguj    Zaloguj    

 MENU   
 X   
 Informacje o centrum 
  Aktualności 
  Kontakt 
  Konferencje | VII Konferencja Naukowa Szybkie Prototypowanie Szybkie Prototypowanie – Druk 3D & 4D w zastosowaniach inżynierskich 
  III Selected Issues in Power Engineering, Electrical Engineering and Industry 4.0 
  II International Conference Artificial Intelligence and Responsibility 
  20th Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems FedCSIS 2025 

 Strona główna 
  / 
  Konferencje 
  / 
  20th Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems FedCSIS 2025 
  / 
  Paper submission instructions 

 Informacje o centrum 
  Aktualności 
  Kontakt 
  Konferencje | VII Konferencja Naukowa Szybkie Prototypowanie Szybkie Prototypowanie – Druk 3D & 4D w zastosowaniach inżynierskich | Informacje o konferencji 
  Komitet naukowy 
  Komitet organizacyjny 
  Zakres tematyczny 
  Informacje dla Autorów 
  Regulamin 
  Kontakt 
  Galeria 
  III Selected Issues in Power Engineering, Electrical Engineering and Industry 4.0 | Conference info 
  Conference topics 
  Committee 
  Information for authors 
  Conference Program 
  Conference agenda 
  II International Conference Artificial Intelligence and Responsibility | Conference info 
  Conference topics 
  Committee 
  Information for authors 
  20th Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems FedCSIS 2025 | Conference info 
  Conference chairs 
  Conference venue 
  FedCSIS Policies 
  Information for authors 
  Paper submission instructions 
  Main Track 
  Thematic Sessions 

 Paper submission instructions  
 red.  Karol Siwiec   
 Types of paper accepted for submission to the FedCSIS conference series are described here  .   
 For all FedCSIS events, the review process  is arranged as the standard single-blind peer-review process:  
 The names of the reviewers are hidden from the authors. 
  The names of the authors are NOT hidden from the reviewers. 
  The authors are requested to avoid plagiarism and self-plagiarism in their submissions.  Your can find in the Internet numerous guidelines e.g. " Avoiding plagiarism, self-plagiarism, and other questionable writing practices: A guide to ethical writing"   by Miguel Roig, Ph.D.  
  A PDF file is enough for paper submission and evaluation.  
 When your contribution is accepted, please, upload all  your source files (i.e. all files  that are necessary and sufficient for reproducing your PDF using standard software) together with PDF in one zip arichive. (Of course, you can use any other standard archiver).  
 After submitting the article, please, double check, if  
 You entered correct title 
  You entered correct abstract 
  You entered all the authors in correct order 
  Names of all authors have all diacritical signs 
  Please, note that this data will be used for Proceedings as well as for IEEEXplore digital library. Specifically, if you made any changes of title, abstract or list of authors in the final version, please, perform this changes at the paper submission system too. Alternatively, send modified versions directly to the TeXnical editor.  
 All articles published in the Conference Proceedings on the CD will be placed in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library  . To ensure that each conference article meets the specifications required by the IEEE Xplore Digital Library and the FedCSIS high-quality standards, the final version will be produced from the author's source by our TeXnical editor  . To make the processing as fast as possible, authors are kindly requested to follow the following instructions. You can send your article in any of the three formats:  
 LaTeX (preferred) 
  OpenDocument 
  MSWord (deprecated) 
  ORCID  
 Place ORCIDs of all the authors in the line next to author's name.  
 DOI  
 Please, add a DOI information to your bibiliography using the following format:  
 Ghosh, M.K., M.L. Harter. 2003. A viral mechanism for remodeling chromatin structure in G0 cells. Mol. Cell. 12:255–260, http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S1097-2765  (03)00225-9  
 BibTeX users:  
 Since IEEEtran.bst does not officially support doi yest, use the myIEEEtran.bst  by Gerald Q. "Chip" Maguire Jr. The template for doi in bib file is as follows:  
 @article{foo2010 author = "Ghosh, M.K., M.L. Harter", journal = "Mol. Cell.", year = 2003 title = "A viral mechanism for remodeling chromatin structure in G0 cells", doi = {10.1016/S1097-2765(03)00225-9} }  LaTeX  
 The LaTeX example with additional instructions (inserting of graphic files, algorithms, programming code fragments, etc) can be found here  . Please, use the source of the fedcsis.tex  file as a template for your article. The example uses the standard IEEEtran document class. If it is not yest installed in your system, please download it form here  .  
 When submitting an article in LaTeX, please, provide:  
 The source of the article. 
  Files of all the inserted graphics. 
  PDF file with the article (this file will be sent to the reviewers). 
  OpenDocument Format  
 Preparing an article in the OpenDocument Format  , please, use the following template and guide  . You can refer to the OpenDocument Fellowship site for list of applications that support OpenDocument format.  
 Use FedCSISTemplate.odt file, included in the template and guide  as a template for your contribution. The article elements (titles, abstract, author's name and address, programming code fragments, table and figure captions etc.) should be formated using the corresponding styles (see the documentation). You are not allowed to change explicitly fonts, paragraph formatting. etc.  
 When submitting an article in OpenDocument Format, please, provide:  
  The source of the article.  
  Files of all the inserted graphics.  
  PDF file with the article. PDF will be sent to the referees.  
 MSWord  
 If you choose MSWord format, please, first of all consider the possibility to switch to LaTeX, which produces perfect platform-independent documents.  
 To submit an article in MSWord, use the following template and guide  . Use the FedCSISTemplateDoc.docx file, included in the template and guide  as a template for your contribution. The article elements (titles, abstract, author's name and address, programming code fragments, table and figure captions etc.) should be formated with the corresponding styles (see the documentation). You are not allowed to change explicitly fonts, the paragraph formatting, etc.  
  Do not try to adjust the format of your article manually. It is better to leave not perfectly formatted text "as is".   
  You are encouraged to convert the article to OpenDocument format. Please, refer to the OpenDocument Fellowship  site for the list of available converters.  
 When submitting an article in MSWord, please, provide:  
 The source of the article. 
  Files of all the inserted graphics. 
  PDF file with the article. PDF will be sent to the referees 

 Politechnika Rzeszowska im. Ignacego Łukasiewicza  
  al. Powstańców Warszawy 12  
  35-959 Rzeszów  
 tel.: +48 17 865 11 00  
  fax: +48 17 854 12 60  
  e-mail: kancelaria@prz.edu.pl   
 Mapa serwisu  
   Deklaracja dostępności   
  Polityka prywatności   
  Zgłoś błąd na stronie   

 Nasze serwisy używają informacji zapisanych w plikach cookies  . Korzystając z serwisu wyrażasz zgodę na używanie plików cookies zgodnie z aktualnymi ustawieniami przeglądarki, które możesz zmienić w dowolnej chwili. Więcej informacji odnośnie plików cookies  .  
   
 Akceptuję   

  