  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

   FLAIRS-38   Home 
  Important Dates 
  Call For Papers 
  Special Tracks 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Organizers 
   
  FLAIRS-38     
 Home 
  Important Dates 
  Call For Papers 
  Special Tracks 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Organizers 
  More | Home 
  Important Dates 
  Call For Papers 
  Special Tracks 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Organizers 

 Call For Papers   

 FLAIRS-38 continues a tradition of presenting and discussing state of the art artificial intelligence and related research in a sociable atmosphere within a beautiful setting. Events include invited speakers, special tracks, discussion panels, and presentations of papers, posters, and awards. Traditionally, FLAIRS features not only some of the world’s leading researchers and excellent speakers, but also quality submissions from students.   
 Topics of interest are in  all areas of (or related to) artificial intelligence  , including, but not limited to:   

 Foundations   
 Knowledge representation 
  Cognitive modeling 
  Perception 
  Reasoning and programming 
  Learning 
   
  Architectures   
 Agents and Distributed AI 
  Intelligent User Interfaces 
  Natural language 
  Generative AI 
  Information retrieval 
  Robotics 
  Applications   
 Aviation and aerospace 
  Education 
  Entertainment 
  Medicine 
  Management and manufacturing 
  World Wide Web 
   
  Implications   
 Philosophical foundations 
  Social impact and ethics 
  Verifiable and explainable AI 
  Evaluation of AI systems 
  Teaching AI 

 Special Areas   
 Spatial Temporal Reasoning 
  Machine Learning 
  Data Mining 
  Computational Linguistics 
  Uncertain Reasoning 
  Artificial Intelligence in Education 
  Games & Entertainment 
  Intelligent Tutoring Systems 
  Case-Based Reasoning 
  Applied Natural Language Processing 
  Affective Computing 
  Robotics and Human-Robot Interaction 
  AI and Cognitive Science 
  Healthcare Informatics 
  Cyber Security 

 Types of submissions   
 There are three kinds of submissions:   
 Full paper  – a paper describing mature novel research,  up to 6 pages  excluding  references  that will be published in the proceedings, and will be presented by the author in a 20 minute oral presentation. 
  Short paper  – a paper that shows some novelty and general interest  but is more preliminary or in the early stages of development  ,  up to 4 pages  excluding  references  that  get published in the proceedings  ,  and will be presented by the author in a  10  minute oral presentation. 
  Poster paper,   up to 2 pages  excluding  references  that will be published as a poster paper,  and will be presented by the author in a  a poster session. 
  Rejected full papers might be accepted as short papers or posters, if reviewers found interest in the idea but the paper quality was not sufficient to be published in full length.   
 Appendices after the references are permitted but might not be reviewed, and appendices will not be permitted in the final version of the paper if it is accepted.   
 Double-blind reviewing  is used, so submitted papers  must use fake/anonymized author names and affiliations  . Papers must use the latest  template  and must be submitted as PDF.   
 FLAIRS will not accept any paper which, at the time of submission, is under review for or has already been published or accepted for publication in a journal or another conference. Authors are also required not to submit their papers elsewhere during FLAIRS's review period. These restrictions apply only to journals and conferences, not to workshops and similar specialized presentations with a limited audience and without archival proceedings. Authors will be required to confirm that their submissions conform to these requirements at the time of submission.   
 Proceedings   
 The proceedings of FLAIRS-38 will be published by Florida Online Journals (  https://journals.flvc.org/   ) which is indexed in DBLP and Scopus. Authors are expected to make a reasonable effort to address reviewers’ comments prior to the submission of the camera-ready paper. Where such expectations have been flouted, actions may be taken to preserve the quality of the conference and the expectations of conference goers. In order for a paper to be published in the proceedings, all accepted papers (full, short and poster) must be accompanied by at least one AUTHOR REGISTRATION. It is also expected that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present their work. A single author may have up to a maximum of two papers per AUTHOR REGISTRATION. Author names may be changed or re-ordered after reviewing; however, for budgetary reasons, registration fees will be based on the details at the time of submission and review.   
 P  aper submission   
 Paper submission is  a two-step process.  First, the paper abstract  must  be registered in EasyChair by the  Paper abstract submiss  ion deadline  . Then, the full paper in PDF is due by the  Paper submission deadline  .  W  ithout registering  an  abstract on time,  it will not be possible  to submit the paper later.   
 For each accepted paper there must be an accompanying AUTHOR REGISTRATION. A single author may have up to a maximum of two papers per AUTHOR REGISTRATION. Author names may be changed or re-ordered after reviewing; however, for budgetary reasons, registration fees will be based on the details at the time of submission and review.   
 Authors Kit:   Author Template.zip    
 Submission site:  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=flairs3  8    
 Important dates:  https://www.flairs-38.info/important-dates    
 Program Co-Chairs:    
 Ismaïl Biskri  ,  Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières (  Ismail.Biskri@uqtr.ca   )   
 Doug Talbert  (  DTalbert@tntech.edu   )   

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  