   

 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Computer Society 

 Home 
  Conferences 
  Awards 
  Inclusion Statement 

 Uncategorized    
   
    servedio   ·  Uncategorized    
 ·  May 28, 2024     
 FOCS Test of Time Award – Call for Nominations 2024  

 FOCS 2024 Test of Time Awards   

 Call for Nominations   

 The 2024 FOCS Test of Time Awards   , awarded annually, recognize papers published in the Proceedings of the Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science. This is the sixth annual award. The target years for the Test of Time Awards in 2024 are for papers presented at the FOCS conferences in 1994, 2004, and 2014. Following new guidance from the FOCS Steering Committee this year, while focusing on the target years, the award committee will consider nominations for exceptional papers in other years. (Please see https://tc.computer.org/tcmf/focs-test-time-award/  for more details, including award winners of previous years.)  

 Nomination Procedure   

 Nominations should be sent by July 31, 2024  to jyc@cs.wisc.edu  with a subject line of “ FOCS TOT nomination  “. Nominations should contain an explanation of the technical achievements and the impact of the nominated paper(s), including references to follow-on work. Self-nominations are discouraged.  

 Selection   

 The winners will be selected by a committee appointed by the FOCS Steering Committee. For 2024 the award committee consists of Julia Chuzhoy (Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago), Costis Daskalakis (MIT), Faith Ellen (University of Toronto), Shafi Goldwasser (UC Berkeley), Leonard Schulman (Caltech), and committee chair Jin-Yi Cai (UW-Madison). Following FOCS Steering Committee’s guidlines, consideration of papers coauthored by committee members will be deferred to after their service as committee members ends.   
   
 In selecting the Test of Time Award winners, the Committee will pay particular attention to long-term impact. This impact can come in many forms, including:  
   
 Solving a problem of lasting importance,   
 Pioneering a new area of research,   
 Introducing novel techniques.  
 The committee expects to select one paper for the award from each of the targeted conference years 1994, 2004 and 2014, but may select either more or fewer papers, as well as papers from non-targeted years. The committee may give awards to papers that are not nominated.  

 servedio     

 Recent Posts  
 FOCS 2024 Test of Time Awards Announced 
  Hosting upcoming FOCS conferences 
  2024 Knuth Prize is awarded to Rajeev Alur 
  FOCS 2024 Travel Awards 
  FOCS Test of Time Award – Call for Nominations 2024 

 Privacy 
  Security 
  Advertising 
  Site Map 
  Contact 
  Press Room 
  Feedback 
    
 This Site and All Contents (Unless Otherwise Noted) are © 2018, IEEE. All Rights Reserved.   

 Home 
  Conferences 
  Awards 
  Inclusion Statement 

      Type to search or hit ESC to close    
   
 See all results      

     