 CALL FOR PAPERS   44th Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS 2003)   
  http://theory.lcs.mit.edu/FOCS03    
 Cambridge, MA   
  October 11-14, 2003   
   The 44th Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS 2003), sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society  Technical Committee on Mathematical Foundations of Computing ( TCMF  ), will be held in Cambridge, MA, on October 11-14, 2003. Papers presenting original research on foundational aspects of computer science are sought. Typical but not exclusive topics of interest include: algorithms and data structures, computational complexity, cryptography, computational geometry algorithmic graph theory and combinatorics, parallel and distributed computing machine learning, applications of logic, algorithmic algebra and coding theory, theoretical aspects of databases, information retrieval, networks computational biology, robotics, and quantum computing. More information on the conference is available on the FOCS 2003 web site: http://theory.lcs.mit.edu/FOCS03  .  
 Important Dates:   
 Submission deadline: Paper must be received by Monday April 7, 2003 (18:59 EDT) or postmarked by March 28, 2003. 
  Notification: Accept/reject decisions will be made by June 25, 2003. 
  Final versions: Final versions of accepted papers due July 24, 2003. 
  Abstract format:  Authors should submit an extended abstract (not a full paper). The submission should contain a scholarly exposition of ideas, techniques, and results, including motivation and a clear comparison with related work. The length should not exceed ten (10) letter-sized pages (not including the bibliography and figures) using 11-point or larger font with ample spacing and margins all around. More details may be given in an appendix, but any material beyond the 10-page limit may be ignored at the discretion of the Program Committee. Abstracts deviating significantly from these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits. Abstract submission:  Authors are strongly encouraged to submit their extended abstracts electronically. A detailed description of the electronic submission process is available at http://theory.lcs.mit.edu/FOCS03/elsub.html  . Authors who are unable to submit electronically must send seventeen (17) printed copies (double-sided preferred) of an extended abstract, together with a cover letter, to:  
 Madhu Sudan  
  FOCS 2003 Program Chair  
  MIT, Laboratory for Computer Science  
  200 Technology Square, NE43-366  
  Cambridge, MA 02143  
  USA  
 To facilitate notification, authors submitting printed copies should also send an e-mail, to focs03-pc-chair@theory.lcs.mit.edu, indicating that they are submitting in this manner. The abstract, in either form, MUST be received by 18:59 EDT April 7, 2003 or postmarked by March 28, 2003. Late submissions will be rejected. Simultaneous submission of the same (or essentially the same) abstract to FOCS and to another conference with published proceedings is not allowed. Notification:  Authors will be sent notification of acceptance or rejection by e-mail on or before June 25, 2003. A final copy of each accepted paper is required by July 24, 2003. Again this is a firm deadline. An author of each accepted paper must attend the symposium and present the paper, or make alternative arrangements to have it presented.  
 Machtey award:  This prize will be given to the best paper written solely by one or more students. An abstract is eligible if all authors are full-time students at the time of submission. This should be indicated through the electronic submission process or by email to the program chair. The program committee may decline to make the award, or may split it among several papers.  
 Program Committee:   

 Manindra Agrawal | IIT, Kanpur 
 Paul Beame | U. Washington 
 Ran Canetti | IBM T.J. Watson 
 Chandra Chekuri | Lucent Bell Labs 
 Erik Demaine | MIT 
 Monika Henzinger | Google 
 Valentine Kabanets | UCSD 
 Anna Karlin | U. Washington 
 Jon Kleinberg | Cornell 
 Eyal Kushilevitz | Technion 
 Daniele Micciancio | UCSD 
 Michael Mitzenmacher | Harvard 
 Dana Randall | Georgia Tech. 
 Dana Ron | Tel Aviv 
 Madhu Sudan  (PC Chair) | MIT 
 John Watrous | U. Calgary 
 Avi Wigderson | IAS & Hebrew U. 
  
  Information about local arrangements can be obtained from the Local Arrangements Chair:  
 Prof. Michael Mitzenmacher  
  Department of Engineering and Applied Sciences  
  Harvard University  
  33 Oxford St.,  
  Cambridge, MA 02138 michaelm@eecs.harvard.edu  
  
  