Toggle navigation          
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees | Programme Committee 
  Local Organisation 
  Workshop Committee 
  FSCD series 

 Call for Papers  

 Important dates  
 All deadlines are midnight anywhere-on-earth (AoE); late submissions will not be considered.  
 Abstract: | 10 February 2025 
  Submission: | 17 February 2025 
  Rebuttal: | 7-11 April 2025 
  Notification: | 30 April 2025 
  Final version: | 14 May 2025 
   
 Overview  
 FSCD  covers all aspects of formal structures for computation and deduction, from theoretical foundations to applications. Building on two communities, RTA (Rewriting Techniques and Applications) and TLCA (Typed Lambda Calculi and Applications), FSCD embraces their core topics and broadens their scope to closely related areas in logic, models of computation, semantics and verification in new challenging areas.  
 The suggested, but not exclusive, list of topics for submission is:  
 Calculi: | Rewriting systems (string, term, higher-order, nominal, graph, conditional, modulo, infinitary, etc.); 
  Lambda calculus; 
  Logics (first-order, higher-order, equational, modal, linear, classical, constructive, etc.); 
  Proof theory (natural deduction, sequent calculus, proof nets, etc.); 
  Type theory and logical frameworks; 
  Homotopy type theory; 
  Process algebras (synchronous, asynchronous, static and dynamic semantics with and without time, etc.); 
  Quantum calculi. 
  Methods in Computation and Deduction: | Type systems (polymorphism, dependent, recursive, intersection, session, etc.); 
  Induction, coinduction; 
  Matching, unification, completion, orderings; 
  Strategies (normalisation, completeness, etc.); 
  Tree automata; 
  Model building and model checking; 
  Proof search and theorem proving; 
  Constraint solving and decision procedures. 
  Semantics: | Operational semantics and abstract machines; 
  Game Semantics and applications; 
  Domain theory and categorical models; 
  Quantitative models (timing, probabilities, etc.); 
  Quantum computation and emerging models of computation. 
  Algorithmic Analysis and Transformations of Formal Systems: | Type inference and type checking; 
  Abstract Interpretation; 
  Complexity analysis and implicit computational complexity; 
  Checking termination, confluence, derivational complexity and related properties; 
  Symbolic computation. 
  Tools and Applications: | Programming and proof environments; 
  Verification tools; 
  Proof assistants and interactive theorem provers; 
  Applications in industry; 
  Applications of formal systems in other sciences; 
  Applications of formal systems in education. 
  Formal Systems for Modelling and Verification in new challenging areas: | Certification; 
  Security; 
  Blockchain; 
  Databases; 
  Deep learning and machine learning algorithms; 
  Planning. 
   
 Publication  
 The proceedings will be published as an electronic volume in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) of Schloss Dagstuhl. All LIPIcs proceedings are open access.  
 Special Issue  
 There will be a special issue of Logical Methods in Computer Science of selected papers. More details will be provided later.  
 Submission guidelines  
 The submission site is:  
  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=fscd2025   
 Submissions must be formatted using the LIPIcs style files  and submitted via EasyChair.  
 Submissions can be made in two categories. Regular research papers are limited to 15 pages, excluding references and appendices. They must present original research which is unpublished and not submitted elsewhere. System descriptions are limited to 15 pages, excluding references. Shorter papers are welcome and will be given equal consideration. A system description must present new software tools, or significantly new versions of such tools, in which FSCD topics play an important role. An archive of the code with instructions on how to install and run the tool must be submitted. In addition, a webpage where the system can be experimented with should be provided.  
 One author of each accepted paper is expected to register and present the work in person at the conference. In case that this is not possible for some unforeseen reason, online presentation will be arranged, but in person registration will still be required.  
 Best paper award by junior researchers  
 The programme committee will select a paper in which at least one author is a junior researcher, i.e. either a student or whose PhD award date is less than three years from the first day of the meeting. When submitting the paper, other authors should declare to the PC Chair that at least 50% of contribution is made by the junior researcher(s).  
 Programme Committee Chair  
 Maribel Fernandez, King's College London, UK  
 Programme Committee  
  
 Thorsten Altenkirch (University of Nottingham, UK) 
  Sandra Alves (University of Porto, Portugal) 
  Zena M. Ariola (University of Oregon, US) 
  Mauricio Ayala-Rincon (University of Brasilia, Brazil) 
  Kyungmin Bae (Pohang University of Science and Technology, Korea) 
  Frederic Blanqui (INRIA, France) 
  James Cheney (University of Edinburgh, UK) 
  Ugo De’Liguoro (University of Torino, Italy) 
  Santiago Escobar (Universitat Politecnica de Valencia, Spain) 
  Silvia Ghilezan (University of Novi Sad, Serbia) 
  Jean Goubault-Larrecq (ENS Paris-Saclay, France) 
  Masahito Hasegawa (Kyoto University, Japan) 
  Paul Blain Levy (University of Birmingham, UK) 
  Christopher Lynch (Clarkson University, US) 
  Assia Mahboubi (INRIA, France, and VU Amsterdam, Netherlands) 
  Damiano Mazza (CNRS, University Sorbonne Paris Nord, France) 
  Daniele Nantes-Sobrinho (Imperial College, UK, and University of Brasilia, Brazil) 
  Naoki Nishida (Nagoya University, Japan) 
  Valeria de Paiva (Topos Institute, Berkeley, US) 
  Frank Pfenning (Carnegie Mellon University, US) 
  Brigitte Pientka (McGill University, Canada) 
  Alessandra di Pierro (University of Verona, Italy) 
  Femke van Raamsdonk (VU Amsterdam, Netherlands) 
  Simona Ronchi della Rocca (University of Torino, Italy) 
  Grigore Rosu (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, US) 
  Manfred Schmidt-Schauss (Goethe University, Germany) 
  Carolyn Talcott (SRI, US) 
  Alvaro Tasistro (University ORT, Uruguay) 
  Jamie Vicary (University of Cambridge, UK) 
  Glynn Winskel (Queen Mary University of London, UK) 

 Copyright © FSCD 2025   

  