                                                                                   Home 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Papers 
  Call for Special Sessions 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Competitions 
  Submit | Paper Submission & Guidelines 
  Accepted Special Sessions 
  Competition 
  Register 
  Program | Schedule 
  ISBA-Fusion 
  Boot Camp 
  Tutorials 
  Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  FUSION 5K Run 
  Tours 
  Photos 
  Venue & Travel | Venue & Travel 
  Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization 
  Sponsors 
  Menu    Menu 

 CALL FOR PAPERS  

 With the proliferation of sensor technology and ever-increasing amounts of data generated, Information Fusion  is critical for combining noisy and possibly conflicting observations from various sensors and actors into actionable, coherent information about the underlying situation. The 27 th  International Conference on Information Fusion  thus is soliciting papers from researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and government agencies that explore traditional model-based and emerging data-driven autonomous methodologies on sensor  , data  , information  and knowledge fusion  , new system frameworks  , hybrid processing techniques, and the associated challenges at the systemic level  , including system design paradigms and issues of system control, management, test, and evaluation.  

 Paper Submission Guidelines  

 All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. Full Papers (between 5 and 8 pages) will be reviewed for acceptance in one or more of the following topics, typically involving some aspect of information, data or sensor fusion. Papers must conform to specifications in templates provided by IEEE at https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  to be considered for acceptance and publication.  

 Topics of Interest  

 The topics below are to be read within the context of sensor fusion and/or data fusion and/or information fusion.  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  

 Theory and Representation:  

 Probability theory, Bayesian inference, statistical-relational learning, representation learning, graph-based fusion models (both graph neural networks and shallow models), argumentation, Dempster-Shafer theory, possibility and fuzzy set theory, rough sets, knowledge representation and reasoning, ontologies/semantics, logic-based representations, decision theory, random sets, finite point processes and others.  

 Algorithms:  

 Multi-modal information fusion (e.g., image, video, audio, text etc.), machine learning and artificial intelligence, soft fusion/natural language processing and Large Language Models, cognitive methods, sequential inference, data mining, pattern/behavioral analysis, signal processing and localization, recognition, classification, identification, nonlinear filtering, data association, tracking, prediction, situation/impact assessment, alignment and registration, fusion architectures, resource management (incl. reinforcement learning for resource management and fusion process refinement), contextual adaptation, anomaly/change/novelty detection.  

 System Applications and Systemic Issues:  

 Soft-hard fusion, autonomous systems (incl. autonomous vehicles and drones), distributed systems, cloud/edge computing/fusion, defense/security, robotics, aerospace, intelligent transportation, mining/manufacturing, environmental monitoring, earth observation/satellite monitoring, climate monitoring, precision agriculture, disaster response, wireless sensor networks, economics, fintech, e-health, bioinformatics, critical infrastructure protection, condition monitoring, video streaming, embodied AI, and other emerging applications. Integrated system design challenges and aspects of system control, management, and realization of synergistic behavior with Information Fusion and system processes.  

 Human in the Loop Applications:  

 User refinement/human-in-the-loop fusion (incorporating human input and feedback into the fusion process) and intelligent user interfaces for fusion systems, information fusion for decision support.  

 Test and Evaluation:  

 Trust in fusion systems, explainability and uncertainty of fusion processes, computational methods, formal methods for fusion performance, benchmarks/testbeds.  

 Important Dates  

 1st  
  February  
  2024 | Proposals for special sessions and demonstrations  
  
 (Notification of Acceptance 5 Feb.) 
  1st  15th   
  March  
  2024 | Full paper submission  
  
 extension of deadline: submissions are due 15th March 2024, Anywhere on Earth (AoE)  (firm!)  
 (Notification of Acceptance 1st May) 
  1st  
  March  
  2024 | Proposals for tutorials  
  
 (Notification of acceptance 15th March) 
  1st  
  May  
  2024 | Notification of paper acceptance 
  1st  
  June  
  2024 | Final paper submission  
  
 (Author registration deadline) 
    
 Publication  

 FUSION 2024 proceedings will be published by the IEEE in the IEEE Xplore® Digital Library  and will be Scopus and WoS indexed.  

 Contact  

 Chairs:   
  chairs@fusion2024.org   
 Tutorial submissions:   
  tutorials@fusion2024.org   
 Special sessions:   
  specialsessions@fusion2024.org   
 Program chairs:   
  program@fusion2024.org   
 Technical chairs:   
  technical@fusion2024.org   
 Awards chairs:  
   awards@fusion2024.org   

 © Copyright - Fusion 2024    

 Scroll to top     
  