GROUP 2025    
 The ACM  international conference on  Supporting Group Work January 12-15, 2025   

 Home 
  For Authors | Papers 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Posters, Demos, and Case Studies 
  Workshops 
  For Attendees | Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Explore HHI & Beyond 
  Visa Support 
  Student Volunteers 
  Travel Funding 
  Accessibility FAQ 
  Sponsors 
  Program | Program 
  Workshops 
  Opening Keynote 
  Committee | Organization 
  Program 
  Steering 
   
 Doctoral Consortium - Call for Participation  
 GROUP 2025 Doctoral Consortium Call  for Participation! (Please circulate to your University Listservs or other spaces where we can work to broaden participation)  
 Important Dates   
 Monday, 23 September 2024, 11:59 pm ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD:  Deadline for submissions  
 Monday, 7 October 2024:  Notification of decision  
 Thursday, 10 October 2024:  Camera-ready due  
 Sunday, 12 January 2025:  Doctoral Consortium  
 Call for Participation   
 The GROUP 2025 Doctoral Consortium provides an opportunity for doctoral students to discuss their research in an international forum under the guidance of a panel of experienced HCI and CSCW researchers. The Doctoral Consortium will be held on 12 January as part of the ACM 2025 Conference on Supporting Group Work in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, USA. Selected applicants will be asked to give short, informal presentations during the Consortium. These will be followed by extensive group discussion in a friendly and constructive workshop. Participants will also present their research in an interactive poster session during the main technical program of the conference.  
 We welcome applicants from a broad range of disciplines and approaches that inform human-centered computing, including anthropology, sociology, information science, computer science, cognitive science, organizational studies, design and related fields. We are particularly interested in applications from institutions and groups that have not traditionally been well-represented at past GROUP conferences.  
 Applicants should be Ph.D. students with an already established direction of research relevant to HCI and CSCW, but whose research would benefit from guidance provided by peers and senior colleagues at the Doctoral Consortium. Preference will be given to students who have a defined topic and program of work, i.e., who have proposed their topics and are within 2 years of graduation within a 5-year program or are half way through a 3 (or 4) year program. Upon the acceptance of your application, registration fees must be paid.  
 Submission Guidelines   
 GROUP 2025 is using the Precision Conference System (PCS) 2.0. To submit, log in to PCS, click on “Submissions”, and then make a new submission to Group -> Group 2025 -> Group2025 Doctoral Consortium.  
 You will be asked to provide:   
  A FOUR-page overview (including references) of your doctoral research that describes your research question(s), work in progress, and expected contributions. This overview should also include (1) a paragraph that articulates what you hope to gain from attending the GROUP Doctoral Consortium, and (2) an abstract of no more than 100 words. This overview should be single-authored, and no co-authors (including doctoral advisors) should be included.   
 The writeup should be in the single-column ACM Master Article Submission Template. Authors can use their preferred platform to prepare their document, though LaTeX/Overleaf tends to generate the fewest errors. Authors can use the following links to find their preferred template file:  
 Microsoft Word (docx) 
  LaTex zip file | (Use sample-manuscript.tex for submissions) 
  Overleaf | (or search for ACM Conference Proceedings "Master" Template) 
  The writeup should include the author's names and affiliations - these are not anonymous submissions. Authors of accepted doctoral research overview will have their extended abstract published as part of the conference companion which will be available in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Supplementary material   
 A short (2-3 paragraph) biographical sketch. 
  Two publications: (1) One publication that best illustrates your research interests + (2) one paper or book that you find most inspiring (perhaps something that you draw on to inform your work, or something that pushed your research in a given direction). 
  A letter from your advisor/supervisor indicating that they support your application to the Consortium and they agree that your research is at an appropriate stage for participation. This letter should also make reference to how you might benefit from the Doctoral Consortium and how they expect that you might benefit the other students in this group experience. The letter should also comment on the availability of financial support for the student's travel to the Doctoral Consortium. See below under "Important Note on Funding." 
  Comments about the availability of funds to attend the Consortium (e.g., complete funds available through the university/research grant, partial funds available, applied for the SIGCHI Student Travel Grant and was awarded, applied for a travel grant but was not awarded, etc.). See below under “Important Note on Funding.” 
  The deadline for submitting is Monday, 23 September 2024, 11:59 pm ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD  . After this date, the system will be closed.  
 All questions should be directed to [email protected]    
 Important Note on Funding   
 We have secured financial support for United States (US)-based participants who are accepted into the 2025 cohort to attend the Doctoral Consortium through the National Science Foundation (NSF) under award No. 2436143. Due to NSF rules, this funding can only be used on US-based Doctoral students. In addition, US-based participants's advisor letter should also describe the availability (of lack thereof) of travel funds for the students from NSF and other funding sources. A backup plan should be provided in case the travel costs are higher than the award amount the student receives. For example, the advisor can show commitment to covering the cost of travel in excess of the travel award will suffice.  
 We strongly encourage students outside of the US to seek funding, such as the Gary Marsden Travel Awards ( https://sigchi.org/resources/gary-marsden-travel-awards  ).  
 Doctoral Consortium Co-Chairs   
 Yubo Kou, Pennsylvania State University, USA  
  Michael Prilla, University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany  
  [email protected]    
 Links  
 Papers CfP    
 Posters, Demos, and Case Studies CfP    
 Workshops CfP    
 Important Dates  
 All deadlines below are at 23:59 Anywhere on Earth (AoE)  .  Full Paper Second Wave Submissions  
 Abstract and Title Submission: May 1, 2024 
  Submission Deadline: May 8, 2024 
  1st Round Reviews and Notifications: July 24, 2024 
  Resubmit Contributions Invited for Revision: August 21, 2024 
  2nd Round Decisions: October 2, 2024 
  Full Paper First Wave Submissions  
 Submission Deadline: June 7, 2023 
  Additional CfPs  
 Workshop Proposals Deadline: July 15, 2024 
  Doctoral Consortium Deadline: September 23, 2024 
  Posters, Demos, and Case Studies Deadline: September 30, 2024 
  Doctoral Consortium Supporter  

  GROUP 2025 | Copyright © 2024  

  