HCist - International Conference on Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies                HCist     
 Home 
  Conference | Welcome 
  Mission & Themes | Mission 
  Themes 
  Committees & Partners | Committees 
  Partners 
  Venue 
  Important dates 
  Submissions | Call for papers 
  Publications 
  Submission guidelines 
  Submit a paper 
  Reviewers login 
  Registration | Registration fees 
  Program | Schedule of events 
  Presentation guidelines 
  HOME  CONFERENCE  --- Welcome  --- Mission & Themes  ----- Mission  ----- Themes  --- Committees & Partners  ----- Committees  ----- Partners  --- Venue  --- Important dates  SUBMISSIONS  --- Call for papers  --- Publications  --- Submission guidelines  --- Submit a paper  --- Reviewers login  REGISTRATION  --- Registration fees  PROGRAM  --- Schedule of events  --- Presentation guidelines     

 Call for papers  
 home 
   Call for papers 

 It is our great pleasure to invite you to the 2024 edition of the HCist - International Conference on Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies. The conference intends to attract original, pertinent and relevant contributions on the technological, organizational and management dimensions of the largely multidisciplinary field of Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies.  

 Submission Procedure:  
 Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit their manuscript electronically at the HCist webpage until July 25 (2nd call - ext.). Submitted papers will be reviewed on a double-blind review basis, and authors will be notified of the review process results by Aug. 31 (2nd call - ext). Authors of accepted papers can receive recommendations to revise their manuscript according to the reviewers’ comments and should submit the revised version until Sept. 20 (2nd call - ext).  

 Paper format:  
 Manuscripts must be written in English. Each manuscript should not exceed the maximum number of pages predefined for each submission type, considering the format available ( here  ).  

 Important dates:  
 Deadline for paper submission: July 25 (2nd call - ext.)  
  Notification of acceptance/rejection: Aug. 31 (2nd call - ext)  
  Revised version: Sept. 20 (2nd call - ext)  
  Conference: November 13-15  

 Publications | Authors of selected papers will be invited to extend their papers for publication in international journals and in edited books.  
 Read more 

 CENTERIS | Conference on Enterprise Inf. Systems 
  Proj MAN | Conference on Project Management 
  HCist | Conference on Healthcare Inf. Systems 
  Contacts  
 You can contact the conference organizers using the following channels:  
 secretariat@hcist.scika.org 
      
 Supporting entities  

 Copyright © 2024 SciKA    
 Top    

  