  skip to main content    
 Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Queue 
  TechNews 
  Career Center 

 Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession   
   
 Join 
  Volunteer 
  myACM 
  Search Input    Search Submit 

  Join  Volunteer  myACM    
  Search      
   
 About ACM | About Home | About ACM 
  ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals 
  Governance 
  ACM Council 
  Boards and Committees 
  Past Presidents 
  ACM Constitution 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  History 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures 
  Stop Harassment 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure 
  ACM Statements 
  ACM in the News 
  Media Center 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM  
 ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.  
 [Learn More about ACM...] 
  ACM Regional Councils | ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing 
  Membership | Membership Home | About Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  Ambassadors for ACM 
  People of ACM 
  Members in the News 
  Join 
  Renew 
  Subscribe 
  Manage your Account / myACM 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Contact Us 
  ACM Membership  
 ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.  
 [Learn More about ACM Membership...] 
  ACM Skills Bundle Add-On | Customer Service FAQs | Become an Ambassador for ACM 
  Publications | Publications Home | About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Publications  
 For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.  
 [Learn More about ACM Publications...] 
  Publish with ACM | Select Application-Oriented Papers | Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library 
  SIGs | Special Interest Groups Home | About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] 
  Join an ACM SIG | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Conferences | Conferences Home | About Conferences 
  Conference Series 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
  ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide  
 Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.  
 [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] 
  Find an ACM Conference | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Chapters | Chapters Home | About Chapters 
  Professional Chapters 
  Student Chapters 
  Meetups 
  Newsletter 
  Calendar of Local Activities 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Annual Reports 
  Find a Chapter 
  Start a Chapter 
  Chapter Policies 
  Chapter Administrative Interface 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Chapters  
 ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.  
 [ Learn More about ACM Chapters...  ] 
  Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter | Chapter Administrative Interface | Start an ACM Chapter 
  Awards | Awards Home | About Awards 
  Award Recipients 
  ACM Fellows 
  ACM Advanced Member Grades 
  ACM Awards Committee 
  Nominate 
  Award Sponsors 
  Establish a New Award 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Awards  
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Affiliated Organizations 
  ACM Learning Center 
  Resources for Educators 
  Resources for Graduating Students 
  Education Board and Advisory Committee 
  Reports and Studies 
  Contact Us 
  Education  
 ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...  
 [Learn More about Education…] 
  ACM Education Advisory Committee Applications Open | Rush Shahani TechTalk | ByteCast Ep60: Xin Luna Dong 
  Learning Center | Learning Center Home | About the Learning Center 
  E-Learning 
  Member Offers 
  TechTalks 
  ByteCast 
  Resources 
  FAQs 
  Practitioner Board 
  Professional Development Committee 
  About ACM Learning Center  
 The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. 
  ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus | ByteCast Ep58: Wen-Mei Hwu | ByteCast Ep57: Xavier Leroy 
  Public Policy | Public Policy Home | About ACM's Public Policy Work 
  Tech Policy Council 
  Europe Tech Policy 
  US Tech Policy 
  USTPC HotTopics Webinars 
  ACM TechBriefs 
  Policy Products 
  Media Releases 
  Contact Us 
  Public Policy  
 ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] 
  TechBrief on Data Privacy Protection | USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring | ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates 
  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home | About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
  Forming Diverse Teams 
  Words Matter 
  ACM Celebrates Awareness Months 
  ACM Code of Ethics 
  Stop Harassment 
  Contact Us 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  ACM-W 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] 
  DEI Articles in CACM | DEI CE Webinars | How Diverse Is Your Team? 

 Home 
  Newsletters 
  HiPC 2024 Papers 

 HiPC 2024 Call for Papers  
 HiPC 2024 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  31st IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics   
  18–21 December 2024 in Bangalore, India   
 HiPC 2024 is the 31st edition of the IEEE International Conference on High-Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics. HiPC serves as a forum to present current work by researchers from around the world as well as highlight activities in Asia in the areas of high-performance computing and data science. The meeting focuses on all aspects of high performance computing systems, and data science and analytics, and their scientific, engineering, and commercial applications. HiPC 2024 will also explore programs that expand and enrich the conference offerings, including workshops, tutorials, Birds-of-a-Feather meetings, Student Research Symposium, and industrial sessions, which provide increased professional opportunities to conference attendees.  
 Authors are invited to submit original unpublished research manuscripts that demonstrate current research in all areas of high performance computing, and data science and analytics, covering all traditional areas and emerging topics including from machine learning, big data analytics. Each submission should be submitted to one of the six tracks listed under the two broad themes of High Performance Computing and Data Science. Please see https://www.hipc.org/papers/  for more details.  
 Up to two best paper awards will be given to outstanding contributed papers. Authors of selected high quality papers in HiPC 2024 will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers for possible publication in a special issue of the Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing (JPDC).  
 Important Deadlines   
 Abstract Submission: June 19, 2024 (Wednesday) 
  Paper Submission (double-blind): June 26, 2024 (Wednesday) 
  Reviews to Authors: August 22, 2024 (Thursday) 
  Rebuttal Period: August 22-27, 2024 (Thursday to Tuesday) 
  Author Notification: September 13, 2024 (Friday) 
  Shepherded Paper Submission: September 27, 2024 (Friday) 
  Final Author Notification: October 5, 2024 (Friday) 
  Submit your paper: https://ssl.linklings.net/conferences/HiPC/   
 Questions may be sent to [email protected]    
 GENERAL CO-CHAIRS:  
 Sanmukh Rao Kuppannagari, Case Western Reserve University, USA    
 Arnab K. Paul, Birla Institute of Technology and Science Pilani, Goa Campus, India   
 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS:  
 HPC: Devesh Tiwari, Northeastern University, USA   
 Data Science: Preeti Malakar, Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India   
 STEERING COMMITTEE CHAIR:  
 Viktor K. Prasanna, University of Southern California, USA   

 About ACM 
  About ACM 
  Volunteer 
  Membership 
  Join ACM 
  Renew My Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  MyACM Sign In 
  Publications 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
  Chapter Admin Interface 
  Chapter Activities Calendar 
  Start a Chapter 
  Special Interest Groups 
  SIGs Newsletter 
  Awards 
  About ACM's Awards 
  Conferences 
  ACM's Conferences 
  Code of Ethics 
  ACM's Code of Ethics 
  Enforcement Procedures 
  Media Center 
  ACM Media Center 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Education 
  Education Home 
  Privacy Policy 
  Privacy Policy Home 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact Us 
  Member Services 
  Privacy Policy 
  Social Media Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie Declaration 
  Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc 

  