Just a second....   
   
 Skip to content      
    
 Calls and dates | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop and Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Submission Instructions 
  Program | Program 
  Attending | Conference Venue 
  Code of Conduct 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Sponsoring 
  Student Volunteering 
  Contacts 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Hybrid Human-Artificial Intelligence (HHAI 2025)    

 Hybrid Human-Artificial Intelligence (HHAI) is an international conference series that focuses on the study of Artificial Intelligence systems that cooperate synergistically, proactively and purposefully with humans, amplifying instead of replacing human intelligence. HHAI aims for AI systems that work together with humans, emphasizing the need for adaptive, collaborative, responsible, interactive and human-centered intelligent systems. HHAI systems leverage human strengths and compensate for human weaknesses, while taking into account social, ethical and legal considerations.  
 HHAI 2025 will be held on June 9–13, 2025, in Pisa, Italy, and is the fourth conference in the series.   
 The HHAI field is driven by developments in AI, but it also requires fundamentally new approaches and solutions. Thus, we encourage collaborations across research domains such as AI, HCI, cognitive and social sciences, philosophy and ethics, complex systems, and others. In this fourth international conference, we invite scholars from these fields to submit their best original – new as well as in progress – works, and visionary ideas on Hybrid Human-Artificial Intelligence.  

 Important dates  

 Abstract submission  :  January 17th, 2025  
   Paper submission  : January 24th, 2025   
   Acceptance notification  : March 16th, 2025  
   Camera-ready version  : April 13th, 2025  
   Conference  : June 9-13, 2025   

 Location  

 HHAI 2025 will be an in-person, single-track conference organized in Pisa, Italy. Workshops and tutorials (9-10 June) will be held at the   University of Pisa  and   Scuola Normale Superiore  in Pisa, Italy. The main conference (11-13 June) will be held at   CNR  .  

 Topics  

 We invite research on different challenges in Hybrid Human-Artificial Intelligence. The following list of topics is illustrative, not exhaustive:  
 Human-AI interaction, interpretation and collaboration 
  Adaptive human-AI co-learning and co-creation 
  Learning, reasoning and planning with humans and machines in the loop 
  User modeling and personalisation 
  Integration of learning and reasoning 
  Transparent, explainable, and accountable AI 
  Fair, ethical, responsible, and trustworthy AI 
  Societal awareness of AI 
  Multimodal machine perception of real-world settings 
  Social signal processing 
  Representations learning for Communicative or Collaborative AI 
  Symbolic representations for human-centric AI 
  Human-AI Coevolution 
  Foundation models and humans 
  Human cognition-aware AI 
  Decentralized human-AI systems 
  Reliability and robustness in human-AI systems 
  Applications of hybrid human-AI intelligence 
  We welcome contributions about all types of technology, from robots and conversational agents to multi-agent systems and machine learning models.  

 Paper types  

 In this conference, we wish to stimulate the exchange of novel ideas and interdisciplinary perspectives. To do this, we will accept three different types of papers:  
 Full papers | present original, impactful work (12 pages excluding references) 
  Blue sky papers | present visionary ideas to stimulate the research community (8 pages excluding references) 
  Working papers | present work in progress (8 pages excluding references) 

 Accepted full papers and Blue sky papers will be published in the Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Hybrid Human-Machine Intelligence, in the  Frontiers of AI series by IOS Press   . Working papers can be included in these proceedings, unless the authors request the paper to remain unpublished.   

 Reviewing process & Submission guidelines   

 Submissions of full, blue-sky, and working papers should be original work without substantial overlap with pre-published papers. All submissions should adhere to IOS formatting  guidelines   . Papers should be written in English and detailed submission instructions can also be found  here   .   

 Conference chairs:    
   
 Michela Milano (University of Bologna, IT)   
 Dino Pedreschi (University of Pisa, IT)   
 Stuart Russell (University of California Berkeley, US)   
 Ilaria Tiddi (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, NL)   
   
 Program chairs:   
   
 Chiara Boldrini (IIT-CNR, IT)   
 Luca Pappalardo (ISTI-CNR, IT)   
 Andrea Passerini (University of Trento, IT)   
 Shenghui Wang (University of Twente, NL)    

 For questions, you can reach the program chairs at: program@hhai-conference.org   

 Accepted full papers and Blue sky papers will be published in the Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Hybrid Human-Machine Intelligence, in the  Frontiers of AI series by IOS Press   . Working papers can be included in these proceedings, unless the authors request the paper to remain unpublished.   

 Call for Papers    

 Important Dates   
   
  Main Track    
  Abstract submission  : January 17th   
  Paper submission  : January 24th   
  Acceptance notification  : March 16th   
  Camera-ready version  : April 13th   
  Conference  : June 9-13   
   
  Workshop and tutorial    
   Workshop and tutorial proposals due  : January 31  st  
  Proposal acceptance notification  : February 7th  
  Deadline for announcing the Calls  : February 14th  
   
  Demo and Posters Tracks    
  Submission due  : March 24th  
  Notifications  : April 18th  
   
  Proceedings will be published in the Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications  ( FAIA  ) series under CC BY-NC license with open access.  
   
  Hosted in Pisa, Italy  
  
 Mastodon 
  X 
  LinkedIn 

 Organised by   

 Proudly powered by WordPress  |  Theme: Rocked  by aThemes.   

     