                 
   
 Toggle navigation        
   
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Conference Tracks 
  Submit 
  Committees | Program Committee 
  Join TPC 
  Register 
  Exhibit 
  Venue | Venue Address 
  Accommodation 
  Transport 
  Visa 
  Contact 
  Conferences | Computing Conference 
  FTC 
  FICC 

 Call for Papers  
   
 IntelliSys 2025 will focus in areas of intelligent systems and artificial intelligence and how it applies to the real world. IntelliSys provides a leading international forum that brings together researchers and practitioners from diverse fields with the purpose of exploring the fundamental roles, interactions as well as practical impacts of Artificial Intelligence. It is part of the conference series started in 2013.  
 The conference programme will include paper presentations, poster sessions and project demonstrations, along with prominent keynote speakers and industrial workshops. All submitted papers will be reviewed by experts in the field based on the criteria of originality, significance, quality and clarity.  
 Authors are kindly invited to submit their papers/ posters/ demo proposals as per the call for papers schedule below.  
 Round 1  
 Submission Deadline: 15 December 2024 
  Acceptance Notification: 15 January 2025 
  Registration Deadline: 15 February 2025 
  Camera Ready Submission: 01 March 2025 
  Conference Dates: 28-29 August 2025 
    
 Round 2  
 Submission Deadline: 15 January 2025 
  Acceptance Notification: 15 February 2025 
  Registration Deadline: 15 March 2025 
  Camera Ready Submission: 01 April 2025 
  Conference Dates: 28-29 August 2025 

 Downloads  
 Download MS Word Paper Format 
  Download Latex Paper Format 
  Download Presentation Format 

 Submission Process  
 Authors are kindly invited to submit their formatted full papers/posters including results, tables, figures and references.  
  All paper submissions will be double-blind peer reviewed and evaluated based on originality, research content, correctness, relevance to conference and readability. Please read complete call for papers guidelines before submitting your paper.  
 Online Submission | : Paper Submission can be completed online at | www.SAIConference.com/IntelliSys/Submit 
  Email Submission | : If you are unable to submit your manuscript using Online System, you may submit with complete details via email to | [email protected] 
  Submit Now   

 Submission Guidelines  
 We accept files in .docx/.doc/.pdf/Latex Pdf format - as per the call for papers schedule 
  In the initial submission, please do not enter in author details, university, country information or any other author related information in the paper to be in line with the double blind peer review process. This information should be supplied using the online submission form or cover letter in case of email submission. 
  Papers should be thoroughly checked and proofread before submission. After you have submitted your article you are unable to make any changes to it during the refereeing process—although if accepted, you will have a chance to make minor revisions after refereeing and before the final submission of your paper. 
  At the time of camera ready submission, please include complete author information as per the paper format. 

 Formatting Guidelines  
 Papers must be in English and not more than 20 pages in length. 
  Paper content must be original and relevant to one of the many conference topics. 
  Authors are required to ensure accuracy of quotations, citations, diagrams, maps, and tables. 
  Figures and tables need to be placed where they are to appear in the text and must be clear and easy to view. 
  Papers must follow format according to the downloadable template 

 Review Process  
 The review process will be double-blind. Therefore, please anonymize your submission. This means that all submissions must contain no information identifying the author(s) or their organization(s): Do not put the author(s) names or affiliation(s) at the start of the paper, anonymize citations to and mentions of your own prior work that are directly related to your present work, and do not include funding or other acknowledgments.  
 Each paper will be reviewed by at least three regular PC members or two senior PC members. The acceptance decisions will take into account paper novelty, technical depth, elegance, practical or theoretic impact, and presentation.  
 Original | : the paper explores a new idea, project or issue; discusses existing research with promise of new insight, discusses new research; or presents new ways of considering existing information. 
  Engaging | : presentation format will involve the audience in some way, or has high potential to attract conference attendees by addressing needs of the community. 
  Significant | : the paper raises and discusses issues important to improving the effectiveness of existing techniques, and its contents can be broadly disseminated and understood. 
  Quality | : claims are supported by sufficient data; claims draw upon relevant literature; and limitations are described honestly. 
  Clear | : the intended outcomes of the paper are easily understood. 
  Relevant | : the paper addresses one or more of the tracks of the conference. 

 Post Conference Publication and Indexing  
 IntelliSys 2025 proceedings will be published in Springer series " Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems  " and submitted for consideration to Web of Science, SCOPUS, INSPEC, WTI Frankfurt eG, zbMATH and SCImago.  

 Best Paper/Poster Awards  
 SAI Conference Awards is presented to the authors to have written the best paper or poster appearing in the annual conference proceedings. Recipients are presented with a trophy and certificate that describes the award. The awards are announced and bestowed during the conference closing session.  

 Call for Papers - Conference Tracks  
   
 Artificial Intelligence  
 Deep Learning 
  Large language models (LLMs) 
  Computational Intelligence 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Data Science 
  Machine Learning 
  Biometrics 
  Sentiment Analysis 
  Ethics of AI 
  Explainable AI 
    
 Computer Vision  
 Human Computer Interaction 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Image Processing 
  Intrusion Detection 
  Brain-Machine Interface 
  Autonomous vehicles 
  Signal Processing 
  Medical Diagnosis 
  Segmentation Techniques 
  Virtual Reality 
    
 Robotics  
 Humanoid Robots 
  Space and underwater robots 
  Assistive Robots 
  Mobile Robots 
  Autonomous Systems 
  Human-Robot Interaction 
  Telerobotics 
  Walking and Climbing Robots 
  Robotic Automation 
  Robot Localization and Map Building 
    
 Intelligent Systems  
 Agents and Multi-agent Systems 
  Context-aware pervasive systems 
  Intelligent Transportation Systems 
  Internet of Things 
  Smart Cities 
  Geographic Information Systems 
  Big Data 
  Neuromorphic systems 
  Sensing and Sensor Networks 
  Affective computing 

 Intelligent Systems Conference (IntelliSys) 2025  
 28-29 August 2025  
 Amsterdam, The Netherlands  
 [email protected]    
  Terms and Conditions  | Code of Conduct  | Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Policy    

   