IEEE COOLChips 28  
 IEEE Symposium on Low-Power and High-Speed Chips and Systems  
  メニュー  コンテンツへスキップ  General Information 
  Call for Contributions 
  Exhibition 
  Travel Information 
  Committees 
  Past COOLChips 
  Mailing List 
    
 検索:       

 Call for Contributions  
  
 Call for Papers    
 [PDF version]  is here. (As of Nov. 6, 2024)  
 COOL Chips is an International Symposium initiated in 1998 to present advancement of low-power and high-speed chips and systems. The symposium covers leading-edge technologies in all areas of microprocessors and their applications. The COOL Chips 28 is to be held in Tokyo on April 16-18, 2025, and is targeted at the architecture, design and implementation of chips and systems with special emphasis on the areas listed below. All papers are published online via IEEE Xplore. Especially, selected papers are encouraged to submit to the IEEE Micro  and the special section in the IEICE Transactions on Electronics  .  
 Contributions are solicited in the following areas:  
 Low Power-High Performance Processors | for AI, IoT, Multimedia, Digital Consumer Electronics, Mobile, Graphics, Encryption, Robotics, Automotive, Networking, Medical, Healthcare, and Biometrics. 
  Novel Architectures and Schemes | for Single Core, Multi/Many-Core, NoC, Embedded Systems, Reconfigurable Computing, Grid, Ubiquitous, Dependable Computing, GALS and 3D Integration. 
  Cool Software | including Parallel Schedulers, Embedded Real-time Operating System, Binary Translations, Compiler Issues and Low Power Application Techniques. 
  Proposals should be organized in a full paper format (6 pages) or an extended abstract format (up to 3 pages)  describing the topic to be presented. Both full papers and extended abstracts will be reviewed and judged under the same criteria (originality, significance, technical soundness, and superiority of results) and selected to deliver a more attractive program for the audience.   
 If the proposal is a not-yet-announced product, and you would like to keep the submission confidential, please indicate it. We will do our best to maintain confidentiality. Proposals will be selected by the program committee’s evaluation of interest to the audience. Please prepare the proposal using the given guidelines and template. Submission should be made through website.  
 Author’s kit:    
 (A) Full paper (up to 6 pages): Please follow the IEEE Conference Proceedings Template.  
 https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html   
 (B) Extended abstract (up to 3 pages): Please use the following template.  
 pdf  , doc  , latex   
 Author Schedule:    
 February 7, 2025 Paper / Extended Abstract Submission (Web site) 
  March 14, 2025 Acceptance Notified (by e mail) 
  March 28, 2025 Final Manuscript Submission 
    
  Call for Posters  
    
 You are invited to submit proposals for a poster session. Submission should be made through the same website address of regular proposal submissions.  
 Before finishing the submission process, please make sure that it is set to the submission for poster presentation.  
 Extended abstract submissions should be ONE page, formatted using standard two-column IEEE format. In addition, one page may be added optionally for figures or tables only. Please be careful not to put the main text of your abstract into the additional second page.  
 They are refereed primarily based on their relevance to the conference. We welcome submissions presenting works in progress or reporting preliminary results, in any of the conference themes. Accepted abstracts will be published in the Proceedings of the COOL Chips.  
 All poster presenters will be given the opportunity to present their work in short talks at Lightning Talk Session. Therefore, at least one of the authors must be registered at the conference.  
 March 21, 2025 Poster Abstract Submission (Web site) 
  March 24, 2025 Poster Acceptance Notified (by e mail) 
  [ Top  ]   
   Sponsored by the Technical Committees on Microprocessors and Microcomputers and Computer Architecture of the IEEE Computer Society. In cooperation with the IEICE Electronics Society and IPSJ.  

  Sponsored by Technical Committees on Microprocessors and Microcomputers and Computer Architecture of the IEEE Computer Society.  
   
  In cooperation with the IEICE Electronics Society and IPSJ.  

 Sister Conferences  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  