 February 26-27, 2025   
 The 26th International Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems and Applications  
   
    Photo by Library of Congress, Prints & Photographs Division, photograph by Carol M. Highsmith [reproduction number, e.g., LC-USZ62-123456] on Wikimedia    
   
    Photo by Patrick Pelster on Wikimedia    
   
    Photo by The Jon B. Lovelace Collection of California Photographs in Carol M. Highsmith's America Project, Library of Congress, Prints and Photographs Division on Wikimedia    
   
    Photo by The Jon B. Lovelace Collection of California Photographs in Carol M. Highsmith's America Project, Library of Congress, Prints and Photographs Division on Wikimedia    

 Home  Organizers  Calls  Program    
 Posters & Demos  Travel  Registration    
 Important dates 
  Paper submission (hard deadline): | October 11, 2024, 11:59pm AoE 
  Acceptance Notification: | December 16, 2024 
  Submissions 
  Submit your papers at the HotMobile 2025 submission  server. Please, note that you will need to create an account on the submissions site, before you can upload your manuscript. 
    
 Call for Papers  
 The 26th Annual International Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems and Applications  
  (ACM HotMobile 2025)  
   
  Sponsored by ACM SIGMOBILE  
  February 26-27, 2025  
  Palm Springs, CA  
 ACM HotMobile 2025, the Twenty-sixth International Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems and Applications continues the series of highly selective, interactive workshops focused on mobile applications, systems, and environments, as well as their underlying state-of-the-art technologies. HotMobile's small workshop format makes it ideal for presenting and discussing new directions or controversial approaches.  
 We solicit submissions of papers that (1) focus primarily on systems and applications and (2) propose new directions of research, advocate non-traditional approaches to old (or new) ideas, or generate controversy and discussion. We especially encourage papers that identify fundamental open questions, advocate a new approach, offer a constructive critique of the state-of-the-art, debunk existing assumptions, report unexpected early results, report on promising but unproven ideas, or propose new evaluation methods. Novel ideas need not be supported by full evaluations; well-reasoned arguments or preliminary evaluations suffice. The program committee will explicitly favor early work and papers likely to stimulate reflection and discussion over a “6-pages conference paper.”  
 We take a broad view of Mobile Systems research. This includes:  
 Novel applications, environments, and devices supporting mobility. 
  Operating system and distributed system support for mobile computing. 
  Wearable computing, internet of things, edge computing, sensing, and context-awareness. 
  HCI issues related to mobile computing. 
  Security and privacy of mobile computing. 
  Management, configuration, and deployment of systems supporting mobility. 
  Wireless technology, as it pertains to mobile systems and applications. 
  Social issues related to mobile computing. 
  System and application support for the use of ML and AI on mobile platforms. 
  Important dates:  
 Hard | deadline for submissions: | October 11th, 2024, 11:59pm AoE 
  Acceptance notification: | December 16th, 2024 
    
 Presenting at HotMobile is a good way to get early feedback on research ideas at least one year away from a full-fledged conference submission to ACM MobiSys or other high-quality conferences. A full-length paper on the same topic submitted to a conference in less than a year is unlikely to include sufficient new material and mature ideas to warrant publication.  
 As is customary, papers must not have been published elsewhere and may not be simultaneously under submission at another venue. Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms are not acceptable and will be returned to the author(s) unread. As customary with the scientific peer review process, submissions will be handled as confidential material during the review.  
 Submissions should contain 6 or fewer U.S. letter pages in PDF format, including all references, figures and tables. The submissions should not be anonymous.  The submissions must meet the following formatting requirements:  
 Font size no smaller than 10pt. 
  Font size of the bibliography no smaller than 9pt. 
  Double column format with each column having dimensions 9.25 inches x 3.33 inches, a space of 0.33 inches between the two columns, and with no more than 55 lines of text per column. 
  Fit properly on US letter-sized paper (8.5 inches x 11 inches). 
  We recommend the use of the "sigconf" ACM proceedings template, available at: http://www.acm.org/  , with the font size of the main body amended to 10pt. An example Tex document can be found here  . For more submission guidelines, please visit the conference website. Please note that it is the responsibility of the authors to ensure that the submissions are meeting all formatting requirements.  
 The papers accepted to HotMobile 2025 will be publicly available from the workshop's website for a limited time window, as per ACM's Digital Library's Policy.  

 Sponsors  

  