      HOME 
  Submission | Call for Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Supporters 
  Schedule 
  Registration 
  Program | Conference Program 
  Accept Lists 
  Awards 
  Workshops 
  Venue | Conference Venue 
  Hotel 
  Transportation 
  Committees 
    
 Register now    

 Call for Papers  
   
 Home | / 
  Program | / | Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Call for Papers Submission  
 Submit Your Paper   
 High-performance computing (HPC) plays a crucial role in tackling large and complex problems in science, engineering, and business by employing efficient algorithms, applications systems, and software for massively parallel and distributed computing systems. The International Conference on High Performance Computing in the Asia-Pacific Region (HPC Asia) has established itself as a premier forum for disseminating and discussing research and practice across all aspects of high-performance computing systems and applications. We solicit original contributions, all of which undergo rigorous peer review. Specific topics of interest include but are not limited to the following research tracks below.  
 The theme of HPC Asia 2025, “Chip-based Exploration and Innovation,” reflects how the HPC is evolving and responding to fundamental challenges starting from the core architecture design. Further we are pushing limits of speed, cost, and energy efficiency in the face of exascale computing and artificial intelligence. HPC Asia 2025 will be held in Hsinchu, the heart of Taiwan’s semiconductor industry providing opportunities for the HPC community to share ideas, experiences, and solutions in a deep, vertical manner with the involvement of the HPC industry.  
 We gladly welcome abstract submissions until the paper submission deadline. To ensure a smooth process, please submit both abstracts and papers before the specified deadline.  
   
 Submission Timeline  
  
 [Papers] Abstract Due | 7 October 2024 (AoE)  3 November 2024 (AoE)  10 November 2024 (AoE) 
 [Papers] Submission Due | 14 October 2024 (AoE)  10 November 2024 (AoE) (firm) 
 [Papers] Notice of Acceptance | 27 November 2024 (AoE)  2 December 2024 (AoE)  11 December 2024 (AoE) 
 [Papers] Camera-ready Paper Due | 12 December 2024 (AoE)  22 December 2024 (AoE) 
 Conference | 19 February – 21 February 2025 

 The HPC ASIA 2025 consists of 5 Tracks:  
 HPC Applications, Parallel Computing & Systems Software | High-performance computing applications 
  Parallel computing algorithms and techniques 
  Systems software for HPC 
  Hybrid and heterogeneous computing systems 
  Fault-tolerant computing 
  Scalability and efficiency in HPC systems 
  Cloud computing for HPC 
  Data, Storage, Visualization | Big data processing and analytics 
  Distributed and parallel file systems 
  Storage architectures and systems 
  Data visualization techniques 
  Data provenance and traceability 
  High-performance I/O and storage optimization 
  Visualization and image processing in HP 
  Machine Learning, AI, and Emerging Technologies | Machine learning algorithms and applications 
  Deep learning techniques and frameworks 
  AI integration in HPC 
  Emerging technologies (quantum computing, neuromorphic computing, etc.) 
  AI ethics and bias 
  AI-driven data analytics 
  Real-world AI applications in various industries 
  Future trends in AI and emerging technologies 
  Performance Modeling, Evaluation, and Analysis | Performance modeling and prediction 
  Benchmarking and performance evaluation 
  Scalability analysis 
  Tools and methodologies for performance analysis 
  Performance optimization techniques 
  Case studies on performance improvements 
  Power and energy efficiency in performance modeling 
  Real-world application performance analysis 
  Processor, Accelerator, Network Architecture | Processor architecture advancements 
  Accelerator technologies (GPUs, FPGAs, ASICs) 
  Network architecture and interconnects 
  Memory hierarchy and management 
  Energy-efficient processor and accelerator design 
  Dependable and fault-tolerant architectures 
  Emerging processor and network technologies 
  Integration of new technologies in processor and network design 

 Online Submission System  
 Submit Your Paper   
 Authors submitting papers for HPC Asia 2025 must do so via the Online Submission System. Authors are invited to submit technical papers of no more than 18 pages in PDF format including figures and references. The papers should be formatted according to the ACM Proceedings Style and submitted through the Online Submission System  
 Submitted papers must contain original work that has not appeared in and is not under consideration for another conference or journal. The review process is double-blind. There will be no revision rebuttal process and the review will be one-pass.  
 Submission Format  
 All authors should submit manuscripts for review in a single-column format. Manuscripts must be at most 18 pages in PDF format including figures and references, formatted according to the ACM Proceedings Style. The ACM templates for Word and LaTeX are shown below. Also, ACM has partnered with Overleaf and the ACM LaTeX template on Overleaf platform is available. Please follow STEP 1 (Microsoft Word/LaTeX) at “2. The Workflow and Templates” in https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions  Please note that there are two different instructions for Word and LaTeX template users.  
   
 ACM Templates  
 Word (docx) download 
  LaTex (zip) download | use a “manuscript” format option (Please refer to sample/sample-manuscript.tex). 
  Overleaf | use a “manuscript” format option. 
  For more details, please visit the ACM Primary Article Templates  page.  
   
 Proceedings  
 The papers that have been accepted for HPC Asia 2025 will be published as proceedings, with ACM as the designated publisher.  
 Please note that ACM has made a substantial change to their publication policies from 2024. Authors of articles from conferences published Open Access (OA) in the ACM Digital Library will have to pay for paper processing charge (APC). Please check out https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance  for details.  
 However, if your institution is a member of the ACM Open program, the paper will be published with no charge  , as indicated on the web site. The list of participating institutions of ACM Open can be viewed https://libraries.acm.org/acmopen/open-participants  .  
 ** Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model **   
  ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance   
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq   
 Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess   
 Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org   
   
 Contact  
 Please contact the Program Chairs at hpcasia2025@narlabs.org.tw  for any questions/clarifications about Call for Paper (CFP)  
 For queries on Papers – please indicate “< PAPERS>” at the start of your Subject heading of your email.  

 About Us  
   
 On behalf of HPC Asia 2025 committee and the NCHC-National Center for High-performance Computing (NCHC), it is our pleasure to welcome you to HPC Asia 2025, hosted in the vibrant city of Hsinchu, Taiwan. This year’s theme,“Chip-based Exploration and Innovation for HPC,” resonates deeply with Hsinchu's dual legacy of rich cultural heritage and cutting-edge technological advancements.  
   
 Useful Links  
   
 Central Weather Administration 
  Taiwan High Speed Rail 
  Taiwan Railway Corporation 
  Metro Taipei 
  Hsinchu City Travel Net 

 Contacts us  

 HPC ASIA 2025  

 +886-3-5776085#412  

 hpcasia2025@narlabs.org.tw   
  www.nchc.org.tw   

 HPC Asia 2025 Official Website. Copyright © HPC Asia 2025 Organizing Committee All Rights Reserved.    

  