  
       CfP 
  Committees 
  Venue 
  Evolution 
  History | 2024  2023  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  2016  2015  2014  2009  2006 

 June 11 - 13, 2025, Munich, Germany   

 Call for Papers  
 Important Dates  

 February 1, 2025 | Paper submission 
 March 1, 2025 | Authors' notification 
 March 15, 2025 | Camera-ready copies 
 March 15, 2025 | Presenters' registration 
 June  11 - 13  , 2025 | Conference 

  Community Services  
  
 Community services encompass a wide array of programs aimed at improving community well-being. They include social, healthcare, educational, recreational, elderly, and youth services, as well as community development, emergency response, environmental initiatives, and cultural programs.  
 To enhance community services, technology can be used for digital access, data analytics, online service delivery, smart infrastructure, community engagement, telehealth, e-government, emergency notifications, virtual learning, IoT for safety, data collection, digital inclusion, and more. These technologies improve efficiency, accessibility, and quality of service delivery.  
 Specific technologies, such as IoT, AI/ML, smart infrastructure, 5G/6G, mobile apps, blockchain, drones, AR/VR, biotech, robotics, data analytics, renewable energy, cybersecurity, remote sensing, voice assistants, and advanced computing, can be developed to innovate community services. The choice depends on community needs and collaboration among stakeholders is vital for successful implementation.  
   I4CS 2025 Poster  
 The compact call for paper sheet  
  
 We have created a nice I4CS 2025 poster which you can use to support us in attracting valuable submissions. Feel free to distribute the poster.  
 Download   

   I4CS 2025 Flyer  
 The call for paper flyer  
  
 For your convenience in promoting our I4CS 2025 conference, we have created the "Call for Papers" as a flyer. Feel free to use it.  
 Download   

 Motto and Topics  
  
 "Celebrating I4CS' Quarter-Century" is the motto of the I4CS this years. The conference adresses internet community systems, foundations, technology, applications as well as socializations. The topics include, but are not limited to original work in the following areas:  
   
 Technology  
 Emerging Architectures and Frameworks  
  
 Data architectures and enablers for community services 
  Cryptography and cryptology 
  5G/6G technologies and ad-hoc wireless networks 
  Data models, analytics, and big data management 
  Quantum and cloud computing 
    
 Applications  
 Smart Communities on the Move  
  
 Social networks, open data, and distributed coworking 
  Barrier-free collaboration, publishing, and eLearning 
  Recommender solutions and chat bots 
  Virtual & augmented reality, robotics, and mobile e-sports 
  Intelligent traffic, logistics, and connected cars 
    
 Socialization  
 Ambient Work and Living  
  
 Distributed work challenges and eHealth-assisted living 
  Machine Learning, human-centered AI, and governance 
  Smart home, energy control, and public infrastructure 
  Internet of things and dynamic sensor networks 
  Cyber- and information security 

 Submission and Publication  
  
 I4CS solicits submissions of unpublished papers presenting research results, industrial experiences and applications, as well as detailed specifications of open problems.  
 Electronic submission is required. Full papers of no more than 20 pages and written in English should be submitted as PDF files using the EasyChair conference management system (submission link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=i4cs2025  ). All submitted papers will be subject to a single-blind review process by at least three members of the program committee. "Single-blind" means that the reviewers know the identities of the authors of a submitted paper, but the authors do not know the identities of the reviewers. In this process, anonymizing submissions is not necessary.  
 I4CS Proceedings have been published with Springer in Communications in Computer and Information Science  (CCIS) series. We will continue our cooperation with Springer. For formatting instructions and templates please refer to https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  . In addition, the papers will be submitted to indexing libraries, e.g. DBLP, Scopus, and for consideration by the Web of Science (WoS) conference proceedings citation index.  

 Back to top   
 © 2024 I4CS Conference · Disclaimer   

  