 IFIP International Symposium on Human Aspects of Information Security & Assurance (HAISA 2025)  
 Mytilene, Greece 7 th  - 9 th  July 2025  

 Menu:  
 Home 
  Call for papers 
  Programme committee 
  Registration 
  Travel 
  Conference venue 
  Accommodation 
  Contact 
  Important dates:  
 April 4, 2025:   
  Deadline for submission of papers  
 May 5, 2025:   
  Notification of paper acceptance  
 June 6, 2025:   
  Deadline for camera-ready paper submission and author registration  

 Call for Papers  
 It is commonly acknowledged that security requirements cannot be addressed by technical means alone, and that a significant aspect of protection comes down to the attitudes awareness, behaviour and capabilities of the people involved. Indeed people can potentially represent a key asset in achieving security, but at present, factors such as lack of awareness and understanding combined with unreasonable demands from security technologies, can dramatically impede their ability to do so. Ensuring appropriate attention and support for the needs of users should therefore be seen as a vital element of a successful security strategy.  
 People at all levels (i.e. from organisations to domestic environments; from system administrators to end-users) need to understand security concepts, how the issues may apply to them, and how to use the available technology to protect their systems. In addition the technology itself can make a contribution by reducing the demands upon users, simplifying protection measures, and automating a variety of safeguards.  
 With the above in mind, this symposium specifically addresses information security issues that relate to people. It concerns the methods that inform and guide users' understanding of security, and the technologies that can benefit and support them in achieving protection.  
 Themes  
 The symposium welcomes papers addressing research and case studies in relation to any aspect of information security that pertains to the attitudes, perceptions and behaviour of people, and how human characteristics or technologies may be positively modified to improve the level of protection. Indicative themes include:  
 Information security culture 
  Awareness and education methods 
  Enhancing risk perception 
  Public understanding of security 
  Usable security 
  Psychological models of security software usage 
  User acceptance of security policies and technologies 
  User-friendly authentication methods 
  Biometric technologies and impacts 
  Automating security functionality 
  Non-intrusive security 
  Assisting security administration 
  Impacts of standards, policies, compliance requirements 
  Organizational governance for information assurance 
  Simplifying risk and threat assessment 
  Understanding motivations for misuse 
  Social engineering and other human-related risks 
  Privacy attitudes and practices 
  Computer ethics and security 
  Paper Submission, review and publication  
 Authors are invited to submit full papers, not exceeding 14 pages (including all figures, tables and references) by 4 April 2025.  
 Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines and use their proceedings templates  , either for LaTeX or for Word, for the preparation of their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Copyright form  . The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 Papers can be submitted to the conference paper management system here  . All papers will be double-blind reviewed by at least three members of the Programme Committee. All accepted papers will be published in the Proceedings. Selected papers will be considered for publication in the main sponsoring journal, Information & Computer Security  .  

  Important Dates  
  
 4 April 2025 | Deadline for submission of papers 
 5 May 2025 | Notification of paper acceptance 
 6 June 2025 | Deadline for camera-ready paper submission 
 6 June 2025 | Deadline for author registration 

 © IFIP International Symposium on Human Aspects of Information Security & Assurance - HAISA 2025 | Privacy Policy    
  This site was developed and hosted by the Centre for Cyber Security, Communications and Network Research   
  Template design by Andreas Viklund   

  