Skip to content   Anastasija Nikiforova, PhD   
 Public & Open data ecosystems and Data Quality Management researcher, Assistant Professor of Information Systems, European Open Science Cloud (EOSC) Task Force  
   
 Primary Menu   
  Menu   Home 
  Publications 
  Research Areas & Projects | Data Quality Management 
  Public and Open Data Ecosystems as Sociotechnical Systems 
  Digitization, Sociotechnical advances and Emerging Technologies 
  Conferences 
  CV 
  Blog 
  Contact 

 CFP for AMCIS2025 “Sustainable Digital and Data Ecosystems – Navigating the Age of AI” mini-track  
 December 4, 2024  December 4, 2024    Anastasija Nikiforova      

 The Association for Information Systems (AIS) organized America’s Conference on Information Systems is coming! This year it will be held in Montreal (Canada), running under the general theme of “ Intelligent technologies for a better future  ” and the revised list of (mini-)tracks, where the special attention I invite you to draw to is a new “Sustainable Digital and Data Ecosystems – Navigating the Age of AI”  mini-track (chairs: Anastasija Nikiforova, Daniel Staegemann, George Marakas, Martin Lnenicka).  
   
 In an increasingly data-driven world, well-designed and managed digital and data ecosystems are critical to strategic innovation and competitive advantage. With the rise of new data architectures, the shift from centralized to decentralized systems, and the integration of artificial intelligence (AI) in data management, these ecosystems are becoming more dynamic, interconnected, and complex.  
 The growing importance of emerging data architectures such as data lakehouses and data meshes coupled with the emerging technologies of AI, blockchain, cloud computing to name a few, requires us to rethink how we manage, govern, and secure data across these ecosystems. Moreover, AI is no longer a mere component but an active agent/actor in these ecosystems, transforming processes such as data governance, data quality management, and security. Simultaneously, there is a pressing need to address how these systems can remain resilient and sustainable in the face of technological disruption and societal challenges, and how interdisciplinary approaches can provide new insights into managing these digital environments.  
 This mini-track seeks to explore the evolving nature of these ecosystems and their role in fostering sustainable, resilient, and innovative digital environments.  
 We encourage research from an ecosystem perspective (grounded in systems theory) that takes a holistic view, as well as more focused studies on specific components such as policies, strategies, interfaces, methodologies, or technologies. Special attention will be paid to the ongoing evolution of these ecosystems, especially their capacity to remain trustworthy, sustainable, and resilient over time.  
 Potential topics include but are not limited to:  
 data management and governance in emerging data architectures (data lakehouse, data mesh, etc.), including data governance, data quality management, and security; 
  the role of AI in data management, including AI-augmented governance, data quality management, and security; 
  AI-driven resilience and sustainability in digital and data ecosystems, incl. AI-augmentation of data lifecycle- and business- processes; 
  conceptualization and evolution of digital and data ecosystem components and their interrelationships; 
  emerging technologies, such as blockchain, cloud computing, sensors etc., shaping the strategic development of digital and data ecosystems; 
  case studies on the transition from centralized (data warehouse, data lake, data lakehouse) to decentralized data architectures (e.g., data mesh); 
  human/user factors in digital and data ecosystems (acceptance, interactions, participation etc.); 
  empirical studies on the sustainability, trustworthiness, and resilience of digital ecosystems | ; 
  methodologies and strategies for managing evolving digital ecosystems in different sectors (e.g., finance, healthcare, government / public sector, education). 
  interdisciplinary approaches to building, managing, and sustaining digital and data ecosystems. 
  The research and innovation in digital and data ecosystems requires an interdisciplinary approach. Therefore, this track invites papers from various disciplines such as information systems, computer science, management science, data science, decision science, organizational design, policy making, complexity, and behavioral economics, and social science to continue the problematization exploration of concepts, theories, models, and tools for building, managing and sustaining ecosystems. These can be conceptual, design science research, empirical studies, industry and government case studies, and theoretical papers, including literature reviews.  
 As such, this mini-track will serve as a platform for interdisciplinary dialogue on the critical role of sustainable digital and data ecosystems in driving strategic innovation and competitive advantage. We invite researchers and practitioners alike to share their insights, theoretical perspectives, and empirical findings in this rapidly evolving domain.  
  
 This mini-track is part of “Strategic & Competitive Uses of Information and Digital Technologies (SCUIDT)” track (chairs: Jack Becker, Russell Torres, Parisa Aasi, Vess Johnson).  
 For more information, see AMCIS2025 website  (for this (min-)track, navigate to “Strategic & Competitive Uses of Information and Digital Technologies (SCUIDT)” track).  
 Is your research related to any of the above topics? Then do not wait – submit! 📅📅📅  Submissions are due February 28, 2025  .  
 Related   

 Tags: ai  , AMCIS  , artificial intelligence  , blockchain  , cloud computing  , conference  , cryptocurrency  , data architecture  , data ecosystem  , data governance  , data lake  , data lakehouse  , data management  , data mesh  , data quality  , data quality management  , data security  , decentralization  , decnetralized data architectures  , digital ecosystem  , genAI  , information systems  , security  , technology  , women in IT  , women in science    
  
 Post navigation  
 ←  Data for Policy 2025 Europe Edition    

 Leave a comment Cancel reply    

 Δ     

 Recent posts  
 CFP for AMCIS2025 “Sustainable Digital and Data Ecosystems – Navigating the Age of AI” mini-track | December 4, 2024 
  Data for Policy 2025 Europe Edition | November 20, 2024 
  DGO 2025 “Sustainable Public and Open Data Ecosystems for inclusive and innovative government” track | November 14, 2024 
  Panel on Trust in AI @Digital Life Norway: In AI we trust!? (or don’t we? / should we?) | November 13, 2024 
  27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence (ECAI 2024): Celebrating the past, inspiring the future | November 13, 2024 
  The Estonian Open Data Forum – Celebrating Progress and Recognizing Achievements | November 2, 2024 
  The University of Tartu ranks among the top 1% the world’s most highly-cited research institutions & Stanford Elsevier Top Scientists List | September 23, 2024 

 A WordPress.com Website  .   

 Comment 
  Subscribe | Subscribed | Anastasija Nikiforova, PhD 
          Sign me up    Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. 
  Anastasija Nikiforova, PhD 
  Customize 
  Subscribe | Subscribed 
  Sign up 
  Log in 
  Copy shortlink 
  Report this content 
  View post in Reader 
  Manage subscriptions 
  Collapse this bar 

 Loading Comments...    

 Write a Comment...   Email (Required)    Name (Required)    Website      

      