     
 Home 
  Calls 
  Venue 
  Sponsors | Current Sponsors 
  Sponsorship Info 
  Registration 
  Contact 

 Select Page     

 Papers  

 Workshops  

 Demonstrations  

 Relevant Dates  

 Since 1987, the International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Law (ICAIL) has been the foremost international conference addressing research in Artificial Intelligence and Law. It is organized under the auspices of the  International Association for Artificial Intelligence and Law   (IAAIL). The conference proceedings are published by  ACM   . We invite submissions of papers, technology demonstrations, as well as proposals for workshops and tutorials.   

 Organization  

 Northwestern University (at Pritzker School of Law, Chicago) 
  Program Chair: Juliano Maranhão 
  Local Chair: Dan Linna 
  Local co-Chair: Kris Hammond 
  IAAIL Secretary-Treasurer: Michał Araszkiewicz 

 Calls For Papers  

 We invite submission of original papers on Artificial Intelligence & Law, covering foundations, methods, tools, systems and applications. Topics may include, but are not limited to, the following:   
 Argument mining on legal texts 
  Classification and automatic summarization of legal text 
  Computational methods for negotiation and contract formation 
  Computer-assisted dispute resolution 
  Computable representations of legal rules and domain specific languages for the law 
  Decision support systems in the legal domain 
  Deep learning on data and text from the legal domain 
  Dialog systems in the legal domain 
  e-discovery and e-disclosure 
  e-government, e-democracy and e-justice 
  Empirical research (quantitative and qualitative analysis) on the use of AI systems in legal practice (for example in law courts, lawmaking, legal education and legislative/normative or adjudicative activities in public administration) 
  Innovative applications in AI and Law 
  Philosophical and legal-theoretical analysis of the significance and implications of methodologies or technical features of AI systems (particularly in applications to Law) with respect to fundamental legal concepts and ethical issues. 
  Systems and methods designed for compliance checking with respect to normative principles, rules and standards (legal or ethical) 
  Methodologies for the technical design in AI systems of compliance with normative principles, rules and standards of trustworthy or responsible AI 
  Explainable AI for the legal domain 
  Formal and computational models of legal reasoning (e.g., argumentation, case-based reasoning), including deontic logics 
  Formal and conceptual modeling of fundamental legal concepts 
  Formal and computational models of evidential reasoning 
  Formal models of norms and norm-governed systems 
  Information extraction from legal databases and texts 
  Information retrieval, question answering, and literature recommendation in the legal domain 
  Intelligent legal tutoring systems 
  Intelligent support systems for forensics 
  Interdisciplinary applications of legal informatics methods and systems 
  Knowledge acquisition techniques for the legal domain, including related applications of natural language processing, argument, and data mining 
  Knowledge representation, knowledge engineering, and ontologies in the legal domain 
  Legal design involving AI techniques 
  Machine learning and data analytics applied to the legal domain 
  Natural language processing of legal text, including law-specific standard NLP tasks (e.g., Named Entity Recognition, Semantic Role Labeling, Translation, etc.) 
  Applications of generative AI systems (LLMs) to the legal domain in connection to machine learning systems or knowledge representation systems 
  Normative reasoning by autonomous agents 
  Open and linked data in the legal domain 
  Smart contracts and application of blockchain in the legal domain 
  Visualization techniques for legal information and data 

 Papers (up to 10 pages including references for long papers, up to 5 pages including references for short papers) should present contributions from relevant topics. To maintain ICAIL’s relevance in the larger rapidly-moving field at the intersection of law and artificial intelligence, all papers must make clear their relation to legal information, reasoning, or processes. There should be a statement about the novel scientific contribution. The relation to prior work must be well-developed. The paper ought to report a full and satisfying discussion of its findings.   
 Papers on generative AI, machine learning or data mining should include discussions of the data, methodology, results, and analysis in sufficient depth beyond merely reporting metrics. 
  Submissions focusing on the reproduction, validation, constructive scrutinization, and extension of previously published works, datasets, and benchmarks are strongly encouraged. 
  Papers proposing formal or computational models should provide examples and/or reproducible simulations. 
  Papers on applications should describe the motivations, techniques, implementation, and evaluation. 
  All papers should include some discussion about the relevance to legal theory, practice, use of legal information, or impact on processes. 

 Papers (up to 10 pages including references for long papers, up to 5 pages including references for short papers) should present contributions from relevant topics. To maintain ICAIL’s relevance in the larger rapidly-moving field at the intersection of law and artificial intelligence, all papers must make clear their relation to legal information, reasoning, or processes. There should be a statement about the novel scientific contribution. The relation to prior work must be well-developed. The paper ought to report a full and satisfying discussion of its findings.   
 Papers on generative AI, machine learning or data mining should include discussions of the data, methodology, results, and analysis in sufficient depth beyond merely reporting metrics. 
  Submissions focusing on the reproduction, validation, constructive scrutinization, and extension of previously published works, datasets, and benchmarks are strongly encouraged. 
  Papers proposing formal or computational models should provide examples and/or reproducible simulations. 
  Papers on applications should describe the motivations, techniques, implementation, and evaluation. 
  All papers should include some discussion about the relevance to legal theory, practice, use of legal information, or impact on processes. 
  It is highly recommended that code and data be published alongside the papers for all submissions to facilitate reproducibility. Program committee members will be instructed to take data and code sharing into account in their reviews.   
 Paper must formatted using the ACM sigconf template (for LaTeX) or the interim template layout.docx (for Word), both at  http://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template   All papers should be converted to PDF prior to electronic submission. Papers that do not adhere to these conditions will be rejected without review.   
 Submissions should be uploaded to the conference support system (to be supplied soon) by the submission deadline.   
 Reviewing will be double-blind. Papers submitted for review must not include names and affiliations of the authors and not include an acknowledgments section. Any identifying text in the body of the paper (e.g. citing “our work”) should be removed or rephrased to be non-identifying. These aspects can be added at the camera-ready stage. Therefore, prior to submission of the paper, the authors should first register the paper on the conference support system in order to receive an ID number for the paper. Then, in order to submit the paper, the paper should be revised so that the ID number of the paper replaces the names and affiliations of the authors. The references should include published literature relevant to the paper, including previous works of the authors, though care should be taken in the style of writing in order to preserve anonymity. References to code and data intended to be published alongside the papers are to be phrased such that anonymity is preserved.   
 Submitted papers may not be published as open access preprints before acceptance notifications have been sent. Papers that have already been published as preprints at the time of submission for review must be flagged as such in the review system and must not reference the preprint in the paper.   
 Papers submitted not adhering to the page limitation or the anonymity requirements may be rejected without review.   

 Calls For Workshops  

 ICAIL 2025 will include workshops and tutorials on Monday, June the 16th and Friday, June the 20th. Tutorials should cover a broad topic of relevance to the AI and Law community and should have one or more designated organizers/speakers. Workshops are intended for informal discussion and should have one or more designated organizers as well as an organizing and programming committee. Proposals must contain enough information to permit evaluation on the basis of importance, quality, and community interest. Proposals should be 2 to 4 pages and include at least the following information:   
 The workshop or tutorial topic and goals, their significance, and their appropriateness for ICAIL 2025 
  The intended audience, including the research areas from which participants may come, the likely number of participants (with some of their names, if known), and plans for publicizing the workshop 
  Organization of the workshop or tutorial, including the intended format (such as invited talks, presentations, panel discussions, or other methods for ensuring an interactive atmosphere) and the expected length (full day or half day) 
  Organizers’ details: a description of the main organizers’ background in the proposed topic; and complete addresses including web pages of all organizers and committee members (if applicable) 
  Proposals for workshops and tutorials must be submitted in a filling form (to be supplied soon), by the submission deadline.   

 Calls For Demonstrations  

 A session will be organized for the demonstration of creative, robust, and practical working applications and tools.  Where a demonstration is not connected to a submitted paper, a two-page extended abstract about the system should be submitted for review  ,  via the conference support system and following the instructions on paper submission. Accepted extended abstracts will be published in the conference proceedings. For those demonstrations that are connected to a submitted paper, no separate statement about the demonstration needs to be submitted, but the author(s) should send an email to the Program Chair by the demo submission deadline to register their interest in demonstrating their work at this session.   

 Relevant Dates  

 Workshop and Tutorial Proposals Submission: 06 December 2024   
 Paper Submission: 17 January 2025   
 Demonstration Submission (  including extended abstracts*)  : 24 January 2025   
 Notification of acceptance for Papers and Demonstrations: 14 April 2025   
 Registration opens: 14 April 2025 (tentative)   
 Camera Ready papers due: 05 May 2025   
 Conference: 16-20 June 2025   

 Sponsors  

 Current Sponsors  

 Sponsor Benefits  

 Presenters  

 Call for Papers  

 Venue  

 Social Media  

 Follow 
  Follow 
  Follow 
  Follow 
  Copyright © 2024| All Rights Reserved   

  