 +91 8870915303 
  info@itar.in 

 Research Library | | 
  Research Pedia | | 
  Doi Directory | | 
  Researchers Gallery 

 Home 
  About | About Conference   
   
  About Organizer 
  Conference Details | Call For Paper   
   
  Conference Agenda   
   
  Committee   
   
  Invitation Letter 
  Submission | Paper Submission Portal   
   
  Author Guidelines   
   
  FAQ 
  Advisory Board | Eligibility Criteria   
   
  Roles and Responsibilities   
   
  Apply for the Advisory Board member   
   
  Advisory Board member 
  Presentation | Modes of Presentation   
   
  Guidelines for Paper Presentation   
   
  Guidelines for Poster Presentation   
   
  Guidelines for Virtual Presentation 
  Registration | Conference Registration   
   
  Cancellation Policy 
  Journal 
  Benefits | Benefits of Attending   
   
  Awards   
   
  Certification 
  Venue 
  Contact Us 

 Hybrid Event  
 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence for Law (ICAIL -25)  
  21st - 22nd May 2025  Oruro, Bolivia  Organized By: Institute for Technical and Academic Research (ITAR)  
   
  Article Submission  Register Now  Attend Virtual    

 Guidelines for Paper Presentation  
 You should be aware that there can be minor updates to the programme for any reason. Therefore, on the day of your presentation, kindly ensure your availability at the presentation room starting at the scheduled conference start time. 
  The allotted presentation time for each speaker is twenty to twenty-five minutes. For introductions and questions, please allow seventeen to nineteen minutes for your discussion. Please make sure that your presentation begins and ends at the times specified in the schedule in order to keep to the allotted time. 
  The | (ICAIL -25) | uses English as its working language. 
  PowerPoint or PDF files should be used for submissions. Make sure your images are very legible and clear. 
  Send in your presentation slides atleast fifteen days prior to the conference, and bring a copy of them on a flash drive or other storage device. 
  Before the session begins, kindly verify that your presentation deck is in order and synched properly. 
  The presentation room has a screen, a digital projector, one laptop, a slider with pointer, one cordless microphone, desktop microphone, and a simple sound system. 
  Utilizing personal computers is not advised unless absolutely necessary, taking schedules and technological setup into account. 
  Windows/PC users should make sure their presentations are compatible with the Apple MacBook being used at the podium. 

  Indexing Support  

  Our Associates  

 Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved with ITAR | Terms & Condition   

  