Skip to main content    
     
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency   
 2–6 June 2025 // Pisa, Italy   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Steering committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Authors | Call for papers 
  Call for workshop proposals 
  Call for tutorials 
  AI content generation guidelines 
  Program 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Register Now 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  Call for papers  
   
 IMPORTANT: ICBC 2025 uses a DOUBLE-BLIND review process with a REBUTTAL period. Please check the important dates section below for the timeline of the process.    
 ICBC 2025 will be the 7th edition of the IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency, sponsored by the IEEE Communications Society. ICBC 2025 is seeking submissions of technical papers (both full and short), posters, and tutorial proposals in the areas related to Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies, including but not limited to:  
 Distributed Consensus & Fault Tolerance Algorithms 
  Blockchain Platforms & Offchain Technologies 
  Distributed Database Technologies for Blockchain 
  Storage Solutions and Data Availability Verification 
  Blockchain Interoperability & Cross-chain Mechanisms 
  Performance, Scalability & Sustainability Issues 
  Transaction and Network Monitoring, Measurement, and Analysis 
  Simulation Tools 
  Blockchain-based Applications & Services 
  Decentralised App Development 
  Smart Contracts and Verification 
  Security, Privacy, Forensics 
  Token Economy 
  Regulations & Policies in Cryptocurrencies 
  Novel Mechanisms for the Creation, Custody, and Exchange of Crypto Assets 
  Anonymity and Criminal Activities of Cryptocurrency 
  Managing the Risks of Cryptocurrency 
  Distributed Trust 
  Decentralised Internet Infrastructure 
  Decentralised Financial Services 
  Blockchain for Internet of Things/Cyber Physical Services 
  Blockchain and Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence 
  Blockchain for Metaverse & Digital Twins 
  SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS  
 For papers incurring ethical issues, e.g., those involving human participants, personal data, or security/privacy attacks, the Programme Committee expects the ethical considerations to be discussed in the paper and any required ethical approval from an institutional ethical committee to have been in place before submission.  
 Authors are invited to submit original papers, written in English, that have not been published or submitted for publication elsewhere. Technical papers must be formatted using the IEEE 2-column format and not exceeding 8 pages for full papers  , 4 pages for short papers  , 2 pages for poster papers  , or 16 pages for systemisation of knowledge (SoK) papers  (all excluding references). The paper submission templates are available on IEEE Manuscript Templates for Conference Proceedings  .  
 All papers must be submitted through EDAS via the URL: https://edas.info/N32838  .   
 Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process.   
 All submitted papers will be peer-reviewed using a double-blind review process with a rebuttal period. The paper should be anonymised, such that all identifying information (either explicit or implied – for example, names, affiliations, explicit self citations, acknowledge and funding sources) should be removed from the initial submission.  
 This year artificial intelligence contents generation guidelines can be found at the following link  .  
 Authors of the best accepted papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to a fast-tracked special issue of a prestigious journal in the field.  
  
 IMPORTANT DATES  
  
 Paper/Poster Submission Deadline: 23 Dec 2024 
  Reviews Released to Authors: 14 Feb 2025 
  Rebuttals Due: 20 Feb 2025 
  Acceptance Notification: 5 Mar 2025 
  Camera Ready: 28 Mar 2025 
  Demo Submission Deadline: 14 Mar 2025 
  Demo Acceptance Notification: 4 Apr 2025 
  Tutorial Submission Deadline: 14 Feb 2025 
  Tutorial Acceptance Notification: 7 Mar 2025 

 Call for papers 
  Call for workshop proposals 
  Call for tutorials 
  AI content generation guidelines 

 Patrons  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies 

  