            About 
  Calls | Full Papers 
  Organisation | Organizing Committee 

 Full Papers 
   
 Calls   
 Full Papers  
 Computational Creativity (CC) is a discipline with its roots in scientific disciplines such as Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Science, Engineering, Design, Psychology and Philosophy that each explores the potential for computers to be creative – either in partnership with humans or as autonomous creators in their own right.  
 ICCC is an annual conference that welcomes papers on different aspects of CC, on systems that exhibit varying degrees of creative autonomy, on systems that act as creative partners for human creators, on frameworks that offer greater clarity or computational felicity for thinking about machine (and human) creativity, on methodologies for building or evaluating CC systems, on approaches to teaching CC in schools and universities or to promoting societal uptake of CC as a field and as a technology, and so on.  
 Important Dates 
  Topics 
  Paper Types 
  Presentation 
  Submission Instructions 
  Camera-Ready Submission Instructions 
   
 Important Dates  
 Abstracts due: | February 14, 2025 
  Submissions due: | February 21, 2025 
  Acceptance notification: | April 11, 2025 
  Camera-ready copies due: | May 2, 2025 
  Conference: | June 23–27, 2025 
  All deadlines given are 23:59 anywhere on Earth time.  
 The abstracts are used to allocate reviewer workload. The abstract itself can be updated with the full paper submission deadline.  
  
 Themes and Topics  
 Original research contributions are solicited in all areas related to Computational Creativity research and practice, including, but not limited to:  
 Applications of Computational Creativity: | applications of creativity in areas such as music, language, narrative, poetry, games, visual arts, graphic design, product design, architecture, entertainment, education, mathematical invention, scientific discovery, or programming. 
  Human-Machine Co-Creativity: | systems, studies, frameworks, or methodologies related to co-creativity between humans and AI, with emphasis on systems in which the machine acts as a creative partner. 
  Computational Creativity Evaluation: | metrics, frameworks, formalisms and methodologies for the evaluation of creativity in computational systems, or for the evaluation of how such systems are perceived in society. 
  Social Models: | computational models of social aspects of creativity, including: social creativity, the diffusion of ideas, collaboration, team dynamics, and creativity in social settings. 
  Computational Paradigms: | computational approaches for modelling cognitive aspects of creativity, such as heuristic search, analogical and meta-level reasoning, cognitive architectures, and re-representation. 
  Interdisciplinary Perspectives: | perspectives on computational creativity which draw from philosophical and/or sociological studies in the context of creative AI systems. 
  Data and Creativity: | data science approaches to computational creativity: Resource development and data gathering/knowledge curation for creative AI. There is a need for datasets and resources that are scalable, extensible and freely available/open-source. 
  Societal Impact: | ethical considerations in the design, deployment or testing of creative AI systems, as well as studies that explore the societal impact of computational creativity and generative AI. 
  Psychological Factors: | computational models of psychological factors that enhance creativity, including emotion, surprise (unexpectedness), reflection, conflict, diversity, motivation, knowledge, intuition, reward structures. Additionally, social or experiential factors related to novelty and originality, such as innovation, improvisation, and virtuosity. 
  Provocations: | raising new issues not on this list that bring the foundations of the discipline into question or throw new light on seemingly settled debates. 
  A note on generative AI models:  while the study of generative AI models is both welcomed and encouraged, such models and their application must be properly situated in the CC literature and evaluated according to acceptable practices in the field. Papers that fail to do this are unlikely to be reviewed favorably.  
  
 Paper Types  
 We welcome the submission of five different types of long papers, each with the intent to approach an equal distribution of accepted papers. During your submission, please indicate the category by which your paper best fits into:  
 Technical papers: | these are papers posing and addressing hypotheses about aspects of creative behaviour in computational systems. The emphasis here is on using solid experimentation, computational models, formal proof, and/or argumentation that clearly demonstrates advancement in the state of the art or current thinking in CC research. Strong evaluation of approaches through comparative, statistical, social, or other means is essential. 
  System or Resource description papers: | these are papers describing the building and deployment of a creative system or resource to produce artefacts of potential cultural value in one or more domains. The emphasis here is on presenting engineering achievement, technical difficulties encountered and overcome, techniques employed, reusable resources built, and general findings about how to get computational systems to produce valuable results. Presentation of results from the system or resource is expected. While full evaluation of the approaches employed is not essential if the technical achievement is very high, some evaluation is expected to show the contribution to CC of this work. 
  Study papers: | these are papers which draw on allied fields such as psychology, philosophy, cognitive science, mathematics, humanities, the arts, and so on; or which appeal to broader areas of AI and Computer Science in general; or which appeal to studies of the field of CC as a whole. The emphasis here is on presenting enlightening novel perspectives related to the building, assessment, or deployment of systems ranging from autonomously creative systems to creativity support tools. Such perspectives can be presented through a variety of approaches including ethnographic studies, thought experiments, comparisons with studies of human creativity, and surveys. The contribution of the paper to CC should be made clear in every case. 
  Cultural application papers: | these are papers presenting the use of creative software in a cultural setting, for example via art exhibitions/books, concerts/recordings/scores, poetry or story readings/anthologies, cookery nights/books, results for scientific journals or scientific practice, released games/game jam entries, and so on. The emphasis here is on a clear description of the role of the system in the given context, the results of the system in the setting, technical details of inclusion of the system, and evaluative feedback from the experience garnered from public audiences, critics, experts, stakeholders, and other interested parties. 
  Position papers: | these are papers presenting an opinion on some aspect of the culture of CC research, including discussions of future directions, speculative explorations of the impact of state-of-the-art approaches, past triumphs or mistakes, and current issues. The emphasis here is on carefully arguing a position; highlighting or exposing previously hidden or misunderstood issues or ideas; and providing thought leadership for the field, either in a general fashion or in a specific setting. While opinions need not be substantiated through formalization or experimentation, any justification of a point of view will need to draw on a thorough knowledge of the field of CC and of overlapping areas, and provide relevant motivations and arguments. 
  ICCC is a conference that emphasises the empirical and theoretical evaluation of technical systems, results and outcomes, in an ethical and scientific fashion. Evaluation is expected in Technical papers (strong evaluation) and in System or Resource description papers. Although evaluation is not required in other types of papers, the contribution of the paper to CC should be made clear.  
 All submissions will be reviewed in terms of quality, impact, and relevance to the area of Computational Creativity.  
  
 Presentation  
 In order to ensure the highest level of quality, all submissions will be evaluated in terms of their scientific, technical, artistic, and/or cultural contribution, and therefore there will be only one format for submission. The program committee will decide the best format for presenting accepted manuscripts in the conference.  
 To be included in the proceedings, each paper must be presented at the conference by one of the authors. This implies that at least one author will have to register and will have to participate live in the session in which their paper is presented, including the designated question-and-answer period.  
  
 Submission instructions  
 This year the submission process has two stages: initial submission of a title and abstract, and subsequent submission of the full paper a week later.  
 Recommended length for the abstract is 100–200 words. 
  The long paper page limit is 8 pages + up to 2 pages of references. 
  Papers will be reviewed in a double-blind fashion, which necessitates that authors take appropriate steps to remain anonymous. 
  You are responsible for making your papers anonymous to allow for double-blind review. Remove all references to your home institution(s), refer to your past work in the third person, etc. 
  To be considered, papers must be submitted as a PDF document formatted according to ICCC style (which is similar to AAAI and IJCAI formats). You can download the updated ICCC’25 LaTeX template [ | here | ] and Word template [ | here | ]. 
  Abstracts are to be returned one week before the full paper deadline. Submit your abstract via the Easy Chair system. You are required to fill out authors, a title, abstract and keywords. You can include the same information in a pdf. 
  Submit your full paper by updating the EasyChair Abstract with your manuscript file. Abstract submissions that do not contain a manuscript will be automatically rejected at the beginning of the review time. 
  Papers must be submitted through the EasyChair platform: TBA 
  Double submissions policy: The work submitted to ICCC should not be under review in another scientific conference or journal at the time of submission. 
   
 Camera-Ready Submission Instructions  
 To submit the camera-ready version, login in EasyChair platform, select your paper, click “update file” and upload the camera-ready version of your paper.  
  Please bear in mind that:  
 Papers should be no more than 8 page sides in length + 2 pages of references. 
  To be considered, papers must be submitted as a PDF document formatted according to ICCC style (which is similar to AAAI and IJCAI formats). You can download the updated ICCC’25 LaTeX template [ | here | ] and Word template [ | here | ]. 
  To be included in the proceedings, each paper must be presented in the conference by one of the authors. 

 Important dates   
 Full paper abstract: | February 14, 2025 
  Full paper submissions: | February 21, 2025 
  Full paper acceptance notification: | April 11, 2025 
  Full paper camera-ready copies: | May 2, 2025 
  Conference | June 23-27, 2025 

 ICCC'25   
 16th International Conference on Computational Creativity   
 Copyright © ICCC 2025   

 Contact us  
  iccc25@computationalcreativity.net   
  Facebook  , Twitter  or Instagram  .   

 Supported by   

  