ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Call for Papers  

 The goal of the 2024 IEEE 20th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners working towards improving the power of both communication and processing software using the most advanced intelligent methods available today.  
 The growing toolkit of AI - computer vision, natural conversation, and machines that learn over time—has the potential to enhance almost the entire economic and social life. The driving forces of this development are the increased volumes of data, the continuously growing of communication, processing, storage capabilities and the new machine learning techniques especially deep learning and reinforcement learning algorithms.  
 The fast development of artificial intelligence and its applications implies more advanced but also more secure artifacts, which require the intelligent computer communication and processing technologies to improve at a high pace.  
 Download call for papers  .  
 Technical tracks include, but are not limited to:  
 Intelligent Systems:  Agent and Multi-agent based Systems; Knowledge Representation; Reasoning and Engineering; Ontology Modeling and Mediation; Natural Language Processing and Understanding; Web and Knowledge-based Information Systems; Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications.  
   
  Deep Learning:  CNN; GNN, Transformers; Theoretical contributions to Supervised Learning, Semi-supervised Learning, Self-supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Reinforcement Learning; Neuro-symbolic Processing; Continual Learning; Synthetic Data based Learning; Domain Adaptation; Explainable AI.  
   
  Deep Learning Based Computer Vision:  Image Processing; Image Enhancement; Feature extraction; Semantic, Instance and Panoptic Segmentation; Optical Flow; Stereovision and 3D Reconstruction; Monocular Depth Estimation; Motion; 2D and 3D Object Detection, 3D Point Cloud Processing, Tracking and Recognition; Multi-sensor and temporal fusion; Environment Representation; Risk Assessment.  
 Perception Applications:  Video-based Question Answering, Driving Assistance Applications; Autonomous Vehicles; Autonomous Drones; Robotic Applications; Biomedical Image Analysis.  
   
  Intelligent Distributed Computing and Networking:  Cloud Computing, Context Aware; Autonomic Computing; Resource Coordination and Management; Quality of Service; Queuing Network Models; Pervasive Computing; Grid Computing; Fault Tolerance; Cooperative Applications.  
 Special Sessions  
 Natural Language Understanding:  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with National University of Science and Technology "Politehnica" Bucharest, RO.  
   
  Autonomated Driving 1&2  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca, RO.  

 Workshops  
 Semantic and Geometric Perception and Understanding   
 organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with Robert Bosch in the framework of “DeepPerception - Deep Learning Based 3D Perception for Autonomous Driving” grant funded by Romanian Ministry of Education and Research, code PN-III-P4-PCE-2021-1134.  

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  General Information | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 

  