     

 Skip navigation  Sitemap 
  Contact 

   Navigation  Skip navigation  Home 
  General Information | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 
  Location 
  Travel Information 
  Accomodation 
  Conference Venue 
  Author Area | Submission 
  Paper Template 
  Accepted Papers 
  Registration 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Previous Conferences 

 WELCOME TO 2017 IEEE ICCP  
   You are cordially invited to participate to the 2017 IEEE 13 th  International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing  (ICCP 2017), to be held September 7 - 9, 2017  in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.  
   
  At 2016 IEEE ICCP  the program committee selected 55 papers from a total of 93 submissions.  
  The papers are available in IEEE Xplore digital library  and have been indexed in Web of Science  and Scopus  .  

 Previous   Next   

 Welcome  
 You are invited to participate at the 2017 IEEE 13 th  International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing. The conference will be held on September 7 - 9, 2017 at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Cluj – City Plaza  , in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.  
 The goal of the 2017 IEEE 13 th  International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners working towards improving the power of both communication and processing software using the most advanced methods available today. The fast development of the web implies more advanced but also more secure artifacts, which require the software technology to improve at a high pace.  

 Technical tracks include, but are not limited to  
 Intelligent Systems:   
  Agent-based and Multiagent Systems; Knowledge Representation, Reasoning and Engineering; Ontology Modeling and Mediation; Machine Learning; Natural Language Processing; Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications, Web and Knowledge-based Information Systems; Systems and Organization  
  
  Computer Vision:   
  Image Processing Techniques and Methods; Segmentation and Features; Stereovision and 3D Reconstruction; Motion, Optical Flow and Tracking; Statistics and Machine Learning for Vision; Object Recognition; Deep Learning, Perception and Representation; Driving Assistance Applications; Autonomous Driving, Vision-based Robotic Applications; Biomedical Image Analysis, Semantic Media Annotation  
  
  Distributed Computing and Networking:   
  Cloud Computing, Context Aware; Autonomic Computing; Resource Coordination and Management; Quality of Service; Queuing Network Models; Pervasive Computing; Grid Computing; Fault Tolerance; Cooperative Applications; Data Security.  
 Special Sessions:   
 Automated Driving 
  HiPerGRID | - High Performance Grid Middleware 
  Workshops:   
 Deep Learning in Automated Driving | - Organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca 
  Bosch Student Workshop  - | Organized by Robert Bosch Romania 

 Contact Information  
 For any questions regarding the ICCP 2017 Conference you can contact the organizers:  
 E-mail: iccp@conference.utcluj.ro   
 Phone: +40  0264 202 211   

 Latest news  
 2017-06-14 11:06   
 Keynote Speaker - Dr. Thorsten Bagdonat   
 Head of “Perception” group at Volkswagen Group Research „Automated Driving“  
   
 Read more …   
   
 2017-04-06 08:34   
 Keynote Speaker - Dr. Fawzi Nashashibi   
 Program Manager of Robotics and Intelligent Transportation Systems - INRIA  
   
 Read more …   
   
 2017-03-01 13:00   
 Paper Submission Opened   
 For paper upload please visit the submission and review system     
   
 Read more … Paper Submission Opened    

 Organizers  
    Computer Science Department, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca.  

    Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania.  

    Academy of Technical Sciences of Romania  

 Sponsors  
    Robert Bosch  

    Porsche Engineering Cluj  

    IEEE - Romania Section  

 Skip navigation  Home 
  General Information 
  Author Area 
  Committees 
  Previous Conferences 

 Latest news  
 Currently there are no news items.  
   
 Upcoming Events  
 Currently there are no events.   
   
 Copyright  
 © 2018 Technical University of Cluj-Napoca. Computer Science Department.  
 Powered by Contao   

  