Skip to content      
 25 th  International Conference on Computational Science  
  
 7-9 July 2025 • Singapore  

      Menu   Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Important Dates 
  Meeting Information | Meeting Format 
  Previous ICCS 
  Registration 
  Organisers | ICCS Organisers 
  Program | Keynote Lectures 
  Workshops 
  Contacts | Contacts 

 Call for Workshops  
  
 We are now welcoming workshop proposals. You can submit a proposal by clicking on the button below (please make sure to read the rules  first).  
  Proposals are welcome before 1 December 2024  .  
 SUBMIT YOUR PROPOSAL  Quick Links  
 Overview  | Submission  | Reviewing  | Publication  | Rules   
  Overview  
 ICCS is co-organised with the Workshops on Computational Science – a set of thematic workshops organized by experts in a particular area of computational science. These workshops are intended to provide a forum for the discussion of novel and more focused topics in the field of Computational Science among an international group of researchers.  
 The Workshops on Computational Science are specifically intended to explore new areas of Computational Science or strengthen the application of Computational Science in particular disciplines. Typical topics for thematic workshops would be:  
 Bio Computing 
  Bio Complexity 
  Computational Brain Dynamics 
  Medical Computing 
  Social Computing 
  Computational Finance 
  Computational Economy 
  Computational Geophysics 
  Atmospheric and Oceanic Computational Science 
  Agent-Based Simulation 
  Scientific Visualization 
  Complex Systems Simulation 
  As the conference theme this year is “Making Complex Systems tractable through Computational Science”  , papers highlighting the role of Computational Science in tackling the complex problems of today and tomorrow are particularly welcome.  
  Submission  
 All workshops are required to use the Easychair system for submission, reviewing, notification and collection of camera-ready versions. Detailed instructions will be provided by the conference organizers at all stages of the process. The deadlines for workshop papers will be the same as for ICCS papers  . The same applies to submission templates, page limits and other general submission guidelines  .  
  Reviewing  
 Workshop organizers are required to review papers based on the same criteria used in ICCS. The conference and the workshops will use the same review form and aim for three reviews per paper.  
  Publication  
   
 Papers accepted by the workshops will be published in a separate volume of the Lecture Notes in Computational Science (Springer LNCS). The volumes from the Conference and the Workshops will be published and indexed in the same way.  
  After the conference, each workshop will be able to nominate one paper for a special issue of the Journal of Computational Science  – JoCS. The conference organizers, together with the JoCS Editorial Board, will then select the papers which best fit the journal’s scope. Selected authors will be contacted by the conference organizers and invited to submit extended versions of their ICCS papers.  
  Rules  
 (1)  – We ask that prospective workshop organisers only submit a proposal if they fully understand what they are undertaking.  
  The main responsibilities are:  
 Inviting the workshop program committee (PC). 
  Advertising the workshop through different channels and inviting authors. 
  Coordinating the review process in the EasyChair system (3 reviews per paper) 
  Advising on acceptance before notification 
  Defining a workshop program (following instructions from the conference organizers) 
  Communicating with the workshop authors and ICCS organizers 
  Appointing session chairs, and coming to the conference in person to lead the sessions 
  (2)  – One registration fee waiver (incl. the conference dinner) will be granted to workshop chairs whose workshop fulfil the condition:  
  #registrations for in-person participation >= 8  
 (3)  – The final acceptance of a workshop will be assessed by the programme committee of the Workshops on Computational Science (see here). The criteria for acceptance of a workshop are are:  
 The fit within the general field of Computational Science 
  The quality of the programme committee and organizers 
  The strength of connection to existing initiatives, or the novelty of the workshop topic. 
  The potential draw to the ICCS community 

 Organisers  

 Corporate Supporters  

 Facebook 
  Twitter 

 © 2024 • International Conference on Computational Science   

  