Skip to content      
 25 th  International Conference on Computational Science  
  
 7-9 July 2025 • Singapore  

      Menu   Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Important Dates 
  Meeting Information | Meeting Format 
  Previous ICCS 
  Registration 
  Organisers | ICCS Organisers 
  Program | Keynote Lectures 
  Workshops 
  Contacts | Contacts 

 Call for Papers  
  
 SUBMIT YOUR PAPER VIA EASYCHAIR    
 Quick Links  
 Scope and Topics  | Paper Types and Publication  | Instructions for Authors    
  Scope and Topics  
     
 Authors are invited to submit manuscripts reporting original, unpublished research and recent developments in Computational Sciences. All accepted papers will be included in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series  and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services  . The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  
 ICCS 2025 invites original contributions on all topics related to Computational Science, including, but not limited to:  
 Scientific Computing 
  Problem Solving Environments 
  Advanced Numerical Algorithms 
  Complex Systems: Modeling and Simulation 
  Hybrid Computational Methods 
  Web- and Grid-based Simulation and Computing 
  Parallel and Distributed Computing 
  Advanced Computing Architectures and New Programming Models 
  Visualization and Virtual Reality as Applied to Computational Science 
  Applications of Computation as a Scientific Paradigm 
  New Algorithmic Approaches to Computational Kernels and Applications 
  Computational Humanities 
  Education in Computational Science 
  Large Scale Scientific Instruments 
  Computational Sociology 
  Medical and Biomedical Computational Science 
  Computational Physics 
  Quantum Computing 
  Uncertainty Quantification 
  Artificial Intelligence in Scientific Computing 
  Complex Systems Simulations 
  System Dynamics Models 
  Complex Networks Models and High Performance simulations 
  Massive Agent Based models 
  As the conference theme this year is “Making Complex Systems tractable through Computational Science”  , papers highlighting the role of Computational Science in tackling the complex problems of today and tomorrow are particularly welcome.  
  Paper Types and Publication  
  
 Submission Type | Published in LNCS | Pages 
 Full Paper | ✓ | 12-15 
 Short Paper | ✓ | 6-8 
 Abstract | — | 2 
  
 ICCS is co-organised with the Workshops on Computational Science, a set of thematic satellite events that focus on particular aspects of computational science. You can submit your paper to either the Main Conference or any of the Workshops via the same EasyChair link. You can also choose to submit a Full/Short Paper  or an Abstract  . Please see the table above for the differences between each submission type.  
 Do also note that:   
  1.  ICCS and WCS (Workshops on Computational Science) papers will be published in separate proceedings, that is, there will be a LNCS publication for the Main Conference, and a different LNCS publication for the Workshops. But both ICCS and WCS will be published by LNCS, and indexed in the same way.  
  2.  The only difference between Full and Short papers is the number of accepted pages. They are otherwise published and indexed in the exact same way.  
 While we encourage full paper submissions, the “ Abstract Only  ” option caters to researchers who can only publish in specific journals or work for companies in circumstances such that they cannot publish at all, but still want to present their work and discuss it with their peers at ICCS. In the “Abstract Only” option, a short abstract is included in the conference program, but not in LNCS.  
 After the conference, the best papers will be invited for a special issue of the Journal of Computational Science  (Impact Factor: 3.1)  
  Instructions for Authors  
 The manuscripts of up to 15 pages  , written in English  and formatted according to the Springer LNCS templates, should be submitted electronically via EasyChair.  .  
 The most recent versions of the Templates  are available for download from this link  .  
  The LaTeX2e Proceedings Templates  are also available in the scientific authoring platform Overleaf.  
  Please also make sure to follow Springer’s authors’ guidelines  , as well as Springer’s Book Authors’ Code of Conduct  .  
 Papers must be based on unpublished original work and must be submitted to ICCS only. Submission implies the willingness of at least one of the authors to register and present the paper.   
 Do also note that ICCS lays crucial emphasis on the explicit relevance of submitted contributions to Computational Science  . All submissions to the conference, whether to the main conference or to the workshops, will be evaluated for this relevance (through a mandatory field in the submission form). Papers that are more relevant to specialized conferences on very specific topics will be desk-rejected before the standard review process begins.  
 To promote open science and to facilitate reproducibility, ICCS encourages data and code sharing. Please keep this in mind when submitting your papers.  
 Deadlines  for draft paper submission, notification of acceptance, camera-ready paper submission and registration may be found in the Important Dates  section.  
 For the camera-ready version, please note that:   
 ICCS authors interested in | open access for their papers (open choice) | have the possibility to do so. When you submit your camera-ready paper, if you intend to make it open access, | contact us | and we will tell you how to proceed. 
  Springer encourages authors to include their | ORCIDs | in their papers. 
  Springer is now offering the inclusion of | embedded videos | in proceedings papers. 

 Organisers  

 Corporate Supporters  

 Facebook 
  Twitter 

 © 2024 • International Conference on Computational Science   

  