ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Paper  
 Home    Submissions    

 Call for Papers  
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. The 26th edition of ICDCN will be held at the Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IITH), India, from January 4th to 7th, 2025. The highly selective technical program will consist of refereed papers, workshops, tutorials, posters, demos, and a doctoral symposium.  
   
 Scope  
 Papers describing original research work and practical experiences/experimental results are solicited on topics that include, but are not limited to, the following.  
 Distributed Computing Topics of Interest | Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Concurrency, Synchronization, and Persistence 
  Distributed Algorithms: Design, Analysis, and Complexity 
  Distributed Computing Aspects of Blockchains 
  Distributed Graph Algorithms 
  Distributed Embedded Systems 
  Distributed Operating Systems, Storage and Database Systems 
  Distributed Quantum Computing 
  Edge Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Formal Methods for Distributed Systems 
  High performance Computing and Grid Computing 
  Machine Learning in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Scalable Distributed Systems 
  Secure Multi-Party Computation 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Self-organization, Self-stabilization, and Autonomic Computing 
  Social Networks 
  Networks Topics of Interest | AI in Communication and Computer Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Challenging Network Environments 
  Cognitive Networking 
  D2D, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Mobile Wireless Networks (5G/6G) 
  Digital Continuum 
  Edge and Fog Networking 
  Emerging Topics in Networks 
  Energy-efficient Networking 
  Information-centric and Content-based Networking 
  Intent-based Networking and Zero-configuration Networks 
  Interdisciplinary Approaches in Networking 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Internetworking Protocols & Internet Applications 
  Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking 
  Networking and Computing for Sustainability, Society, and Development 
  Next-generation Networks and Services 
  Pervasive Networking and Sensing 
  Pricing and Network Economics 
  Public Safety Computing Systems 
  Quantum Network Protocols 
  Security, Privacy, Trust, and Game Theory in Networking 
  AI for Network Security 
  Social Networks 
  UAV Networks and Mobile Robots 
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
  Proceedings  
 The proceedings of ICDCN 2025 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS), which is indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through the ACM digital library.  
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model  
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.   
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq.   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess.   
  Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.   
 Special Issue  
 Extended versions of selected papers will be invited for fast-track publications in the Theoretical Computer Science (TCS) Journal or in Elsevier's Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal.  
 Best Paper Award  
 The conference will assign a Best Paper Award.  
 Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
 Paper submission: | July 25, 2024 | August 16, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Notifications: | September 27, 2024 | October 1, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Camera-ready Papers Deadline: October 30, 2024 
  Submission Instructions  
 All submissions must use the official LaTeX ACM article template acmart.cls, version of 1.80 or greater, using the following documentclass instruction: \documentclass[sigconf,authordraft]{acmart}. 
  Regular Papers should not exceed 10 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Regular papers may include a clearly marked Appendix with all the additional details required to validate the results (including technical proofs and experimental results that did not fit into the first 10 pages). 
  Short Papers must not exceed 5 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. 
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the EasyChair portal.  
 Paper submission link:  
 https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025   
 The use of generative AI software tools is permitted subject to the following requirements  
 The AI systems have not been used to plagiarize, misrepresent, or falsify content. 
  The resulting work, in its entirety, accurately represents the authors' original research and novel intellectual contributions, and is not primarily the result of the AI tool's generative capabilities. 
  The authors accept full responsibility for the veracity and correctness of all material in their work, including any content generated by AI tools. 
  Note that all submissions will be checked using suitable AI content detectors  
 Double-Blind Reviewing  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear anywhere in the submission. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. Use the third person to refer to the author's previous work, e.g., replace "as we have shown before" with "as shown before in [X]."  
 In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC Co-Chairs by email at icdcn2025-tpc-chairs@iit.cnr.it.  
 Conflict of Interest  
 Indications of conflicts of interest will be required in the submission form. A conflict of interest is limited to the following:  
 A family member or close friend. 
  A Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or a postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  A person with the same affiliation. 
  A person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Frequent collaborators, or collaborators who have jointly published papers within the last two years. 
  If you feel that you have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, contact the PC Co-Chairs.  

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  