    
 SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER! 
  Contact 

 Home 
  Mission 
  Call for Papers 
  Invited Talks 
  Program 
  Workshops 
  Industry Session 
  Tutorials 
  Commercial Exhibition 
  Important Dates 
  Authors Instructions 
  Registration 
  Location, Accommodations and Travel 
  Visa Applications 
  Special issues 
  For Sponsors 
  Bibliography 
  organised by  

  ICDM Call for Paper  
 The Aim of the Conference   
  Topics of the conference   
  Program Committee   
  Deadlines   
  The Aim of the Conference  
 The Industrial conferences on Data Mining ICDM is held on yearly basis. Experts from different fields will present their applications and the results obtained by applying data mining. Besides that, newcomers in the field can get a fast introduction to Data Mining by taking the tutorial running in connection with the conference. In a problem/solution hour you will have the opportunity to present your application and ask for support by others or for cooperation in solving the problem.  
 « top   
  Topics of the conference  
 Paper submissions should be related but not limited to any of the following topics:  
 Applications of Data Mining in ...  
 Marketing 
  Medicine 
  Civil Engineering 
  E-Commerce (Mining Logfiles) 
  Biotechnology 
  Quality Management 
  Multimedia Data (Image, Video, Text, Signals) 
  Web-Mining 
  Intrusion Detection in Networks 
  Criminology 
  Telecommunications 
  Social Sciences 
  Forensic Data Analysis 
  Drug Discovery 
  Agriculture 
  Smart Maintenance 
  Legal Court Cases 
  Energy Industries 
  Logistics and Supply Chain Management 
  Finance and Stock Markets 
  Meterology, Blockchain and more ... 
   
 Theoretical and Application-oriented Topics in ...  
 Big Data and Algorithm for Big Data 
  Case-Based Reasoning and Similarity-Based Reasoning 
  Clustering 
  Classification & Prediction 
  Statistical Learning 
  Association Rules 
  Deviation and Novelty Detection 
  Control Charts 
  Conceptional Learning 
  Goodness Measures and Evaluation (e.g. false discovery rates) 
  Inductive Learning Including Decision Tree and Rule Induction Learning 
  Organisational Learning and Evolutional Learning 
  Sampling Methods 
  Similarity Measures and Learning of Similarity 
  Statistical Learning and Neural Net Based Learning 
  Visualization and Data Mining 
  Deviation and Novelty Detection 
  Feature Grouping, Discretization, Selection and Transformation 
  Feature Learning 
  Frequent Pattern Mining 
  Learning and Adaptive Control 
  Learning/Adaption of Recognition and Perception 
  Learning for Handwriting Recognition 
  Learning in Image Pre-Processing and Segmentation 
  Mining Financial or Stockmarket Data 
  Mining Motion from Sequence 
  Subspace Methods 
  Support Vector Machines 
  Time Series and Sequential Pattern Mining 
  Desirabilities 
  Graph Mining 
  Agent Data Mining 
  Applications in Software Testing 
  Knowledge Management 
  Mining Social Media 
  Online Targeting & Controlling 
  Behavioral Targeting 
  Meteorological Data Mining 
  Data Mining in Energy Industry 
  Design of Experiment 
  Strategy of Experimentation 
  Capability Indices 
  Business Intelligence and Data Mining 
  Legal Informatics and Data Mining 
  Data Mining for Logistic and Supply Chain Management 
   
 Authors can submit their paper in long or short version.  
 Long Paper  
 The paper must be formatted in the Springer LNCS format. They should have at most 15 pages. The papers will be reviewed by the program committee. Papers will appear in the conference proceedings.  
 Short Paper  
 Short papers are also welcome and can be used to describe work in progress or project ideas. They can have 5 to max. 15 pages, formatted in Springer LNCS format. Accepted short papers will be presented as poster in the poster session. They will be published in a special poster proceedings book.  
 Industry Papers  
 We encourage industrial people to show their applications and projects for data mining. This work can be presented as poster during the poster session in the special industry track. Please submit a one page abstract including title, name and affilation.  
 Notice that the submission is NOT the registration to the conference! Please fill out the registration form.  
 If you have any problem with the submission, please contact via email info@data-mining-forum.de  .  
 « top   
  Program Committee  
  
 Chair |  
 Petra Perner | IBaI, Germany 
 Committee |  
 Plamen Angelov | Lancaster University, United Kingdom 
 Yingying Chen | Rutgers University, USA 
 Antonio Dourado | University of Coimbra, Portugal 
 Stefano Ferilli | University of Bari, Italy 
 Warwick Graco | Analytics Shed, Australia 
 Aleksandra Gruca | Silesian University of Technology 
 Pedro Isaias | The University of New South Wales, Australia 
 Piotr Jedrzejowicz | Gdynia Maritime University, Poland 
 Martti Juhola | University of Tampere, Finland 
 Janusz Kacprzyk | Polish Academy of Sciences, Poland 
 Ling Liu | Georgia Institute of Technology, USA 
 Eduardo F. Morales | National Institute of Astrophysics, Optics, and Electronics, Mexico 
 Wieslaw Paja | University of Rzeszow, Poland 
 Victor Sheng | University of Central Arkansas, USA 
 Iren Todorova Valova | University of Massachusetts Dartmouth, USA 
  
 An industrial exhibition running in connection with the conference will give you the opportunity to look at new trends and systems in industry and to present your research to industry.  
 « top   
 Deadlines  
 more Information   
   
  Register here  Submit your paper  Submit your short paper or industry paper   

  