Your browser does not support JavaScript or it has been disabled! Please make sure you have JavaScript enabled or choose other browser!  We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. Read more about our Privacy Policy  .  
 I got it!   

  Events 
  Publications 
  Videos 
  News 
  Sectors 
   Organisers 
   Events 
  Publications 
  Videos 
  News 
  Sectors 
  Countries 
  Publishers 
  More | Speakers 
  Sponsors 
  Indicators 
  Login 
  Join 
  Add Event 

 Event   
 03 Dec 2024   
 Research   
 International Conference on Research Infrastructures - ICRI 2024  
 Research infrastructures have a key role to play in collaborations aimed at facing global challenges, from climate change and food sustainability to pandemic preparedness and understanding the universe.  

  0   International Conference on Research Infrastructures - ICRI 2024  

  Register   Pin it    
  Share   Share    iCal   GCal    

 The International Conference on Research Infrastructures (ICRI 2024) has released its full program with 90 global experts speaking across more than 20 sessions from 3 to 5 December 2024.  
  
 ICRI 2024 will showcase the world’s best strategies and networks for efficient, effective and accessible infrastructure, and explore how it can help confront global challenges, improve collaboration, and deliver societal impact.  
  
 Australia’s national science agency, CSIRO, is hosting ICRI 2024 in cooperation with the European Commission and the Australian Department of Education.  
 “By providing an opportunity for the ongoing exchange of information, ideas and talent it will increase the capacity of research infrastructures to respond to, and cooperate on, complex and global societal and research challenges,” Professor Elanor Huntington, CSIRO’s Digital, National Facilities and Collections Executive Director, said.  
  
 Sessions will cover pandemic preparedness, how research infrastructure can address climate change over the next 30 years, the global energy transition, and developing new crops and management systems suited to changing climates.  
  
 For the first time ICRI will cover Indigenous knowledge.  
 Maori, Lakota, Sami, and Australian First Nations peoples will discuss how to build ethical, meaningful and respectful collaborations with local and Indigenous communities.  
 “Attendees will gain practical insights into fostering equitable and impactful research infrastructure alongside Indigenous communities,” Professor Huntington said.  
  
 “Australia is hosting ICRI 2024 to ensure the greatest possible attendance from our Southeast Asia and Pacific neighbours, to increase their ability to network and collaborate with the global research infrastructure community,” said Claire Sainsbury, Assistant Secretary of Research Policy and Programs at the Australian Department of Education.  
 “It is also a chance to showcase Australian research infrastructure and the globally recognised National Collaborative Research Infrastructure Strategy (NCRIS) model that underpins so much of it”.  
  
 The role and future uses of large-scale facilities such as synchrotrons, lasers, neutron sources, electron microscopy, quantum and high-performance computing (HPC), artificial intelligence, and astronomy will be highlighted.  
  
 ICRI 2024 will also consider the future RI workforce, with a focus on developing the next generation of leaders, and hear from global Early Career Scientists as they pitch their visionary ideas for the research infrastructures the world will need by 2050.  
  
 ICRI 2024 will be a hybrid event, held both in person and online, to ensure the greatest possible level of global involvement and benefit from the sessions />  

 When  
 3 Dec 2024  
 5 Dec 2024  
  Duration: 2 days, 23 hours  
  
  Where  
    
 Australia  
 Brisbane City  
   
  Language  
 English  en   
  
  Source:  
  EC DG RTD    Event published: 8 Nov 2024  
  Event last updated: 11 Nov 2024   

    Boost Event  

 Select Event and Duration    

 Credit Card        

 Do you have a Coupon?     

  Learn more  Pay Now    
  All good! Your payment was successfully received.   
 Your Event   has been successfully Boosted for the next  month(s) - until  .  
 We have just sent you an email at  with information about the customisation and visibility options included in your Boosted Event.  
 For any issue or question, please contact us  .  

 Close    

 Other Events in Science    
    
 Driving EU Prosperity: The Future of Knowledge Valorisation   
 Belgium, 10 Dec 2024   

 MLDM 2025 19th International Conference on Machine Learning and Data Mining   
 Germany, 11 Jul 2025   

 International Conference on Engineering, Economics, Management, and Applied Sciences: A Fillip to Innovative and Emerging Trends (ICE2MAS-24)   
 Thailand, 21 Dec 2024   

 ICDM 2025 : 24th Industrial Conference on Data Mining   
 Germany, 16 Jul 2025   

 7th International Conference on Academic Research in Science, Technology and Engineering   
 Germany, 13 Mar 2025   

 Horizon Europe Proposal Writing Pillar II Training   
 Netherlands, 2 Dec 2024   

 Horizon Europe Financial & Administrative Management Training   
 Spain, 12 Mar 2025   

 MARIE CURIE ACTIONS Proposal Writing   
 Portugal, 5 Dec 2024   

 4th World Conference on Mechanical Engineering   
 Germany, 13 Feb 2025   

 MARIE CURIE ACTIONS Proposal Writing   
 Austria, 16 Dec 2024   

 Similar Webinars in Science    
    
 EC Horizon Results Platform & Hub Brussels “Business Modelling and Planning for Startups and Founders” webinar   
 Webinar, 6 Dec 2024   

 Quarterly system demo - Q4 2024   
 Netherlands, , 12 Dec 2024   

 Business Modelling and Planning for Startups and Founders   
 Webinar, 6 Dec 2024   

 LinkedIn Live session: Improving efficiency of approval process for new medicines in the EU   
 Webinar, 5 Dec 2024   

 Free SECRETed webinar - Unlocking the potential of marine biotechnology   
 Webinar, 20 Jan 2025   

 Recent Publications in Science    
    
 Global Networking Brochure 2024   
 Publication, Nov 2024, cost.eu   

 Marie Skłodowska-Curie actions - Developing talents, advancing research : almost 30 years of EU support to researchers’ skills and career development   
 Infographic, Nov 2024, op.europa.eu   

 Priorities of the new EU Commission: Struggling to balance long-term goals with short-term needs   
 Publication, Nov 2024, op.europa.eu   

   Register to attend  

 Ticket Type   
 Price   
 VAT    

 Continue     

   Share this event via email  

 Your name     
   
 Your email     
   
 Recipient(s)     
   
 Your Message     

 Share    

   Contact EC Directorate-General for Research and Innovation  

   Send message    

 EU Agenda: Your Hub for All Things EU  
 Explore the European Union and its policies through a comprehensive collection of events, publications, and media sourced from thousands of authoritative channels.  

 Explore  
 Events  Publications  Videos  Speakers  Sponsors  Indicators    
 Sectors  
 Energy  Environment  Digital  Health  Economy  More    
 Countries  
 Belgium  Germany  France  Spain  Italy  More    
 Become a contributor  
 Publisher Account  Gov & Non-profit  Compare Accounts  Boost Event Express  Boost Speaker  Audience    
 Company  
 About  Services  Contact    
   
 2024 © EU Agenda Network SL - All rights reserved - Terms of Use  - Privacy Policy    
 Get weekly updates: Enter Email address   Subscribe for updates     

   