Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  