    
 Tracks 
  Workshops 
  Attending 
  Program 
  Keynotes 
  Registration 
  Organization 

 Tracks 
  Workshops 
  Attending 
  Program 
  Keynotes 
  Registration 
  Organization 

 Submission  
    
 The International Federation for Information Processing invites researchers and practitioners in Entertainment Computing to submit their contributions to the The 23rd International Conference on Entertainment Computing (IFIP-ICEC 2024), to be held in Manaus, capital of the Amazon, Brazil on September 30th to October 3rd.  
  
  Important Documents  
 Final Article and Copyright Instructions for Authors   
 License to Publish ICEC 2024   
 Publisher's Code of Conduct for Book Authors   
 Springer Instructions for Authors of Proceedings_CS   
  
  Journal Tracks  
 Our Journal track will be published as a special issue of the prestigious Elsevier Entertainment Computing Journal (ENTCOM)  . We invite authors to submit their strong and mature works to this track, which will have a double blind revision process with a short time for rebuttals. Accepted papers will be presented in the conference too, and they will be published at a later date. Papers presented for the journal track should follow the submission and publication process of ENTCOM.  
 Submission Deadline:  April 14th  New Deadline: April 24th   - Click here for more information.   

  Conference Tracks  
 Accepted conference papers will be published in a book form in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Accepted papers will be scheduled for long presentations and discussion at the conference.  
 Submission Deadline:  April 14th  New Deadline: April 26th   - Click here for more information.   

  Works in Progress  
 Work in Progress (WiP) contributions provide an opportunity to present late-breaking work, new experimental projects, research in early phases or with more limited scope than typical full papers. A WiP submission is a shorter submission describing the research problem, contribution, and value to the community, submitted as a PDF file. Accepted papers will be included into the official Springer LNCS proceedings and will be scheduled for presentation and discussion at the conference.  
   
 Submission Deadline: May 20th  - Click here for more information.   

  Interactive Entertainment / Experiential Works  
 Interactive demonstrations, installations and games show early implementations of novel, interesting, and important entertainment computing concepts, systems, installations or games, or can serve to showcase results not previously described in the research literature. Both research and industry are encouraged to submit and showcase demonstrators of novel approaches to entertainment. We particularly encourage demonstrations with which attendees can interact and play.  
   
 Submission Deadline:  May 5th  New Deadline: June 5th   - Click here for more information.   

  Student Game and Interactive Entertainment Competition  
 All students up to and including PhD candidate level are eligible to send in their game or interactive entertainment installation, as long as the demonstrator is fully experiential, and the demonstrator is part of a research endeavor. This could be a platform to perform research with, a research through design contribution, or a design exemplar of something that advances the state of the art, but the paper detailing the game or interactive entertainment installation should make clear what the development of it may add to our knowledge of games and entertainment.  
   
 Submission Deadline:  May 5th  New Deadline: July 28th   - Click here for more information.   

  Doctoral Consortium  
 The Doctoral Consortium provides an opportunity for doctoral students to explore and develop their research interests in an interdisciplinary workshop, under the guidance of a panel of distinguished researchers in entertainment computing and/or serious games. We invite students who feel they would benefit from this kind of feedback on their dissertation work to apply for this unique opportunity to share their work with students in a similar situation as well as senior researchers in the field. The strongest candidates will be those who have a clear idea and an area, and have made some progress, but who are not so far along that they can no longer make changes. Also, as well as stating how you will gain from acceptance, both you and your advisor should be clear on what you can contribute to the Doctoral Consortium..  
   
 Submission Deadline: August 15th  - Click here for more information.   

  Workshops and Tutorials Proposals  
 We invite proposals in all areas of entertainment computing and serious games research (see conference topics listed above) and particularly welcome proposals that will focus on and promote discussion on new and emerging trends in these areas.  
   
 Submission Deadline: March 16th  - Click here for more information.   

 Contact: icec2024@uea.edu.br   
 Copyright © 2024 IFIP ICEC - All rights reserved.  

  