     
 Home 
  Conference | Committees 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Venue 
  Local Organizer 
  Program 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Social Events 
  CfP & Submission | Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Travel | About Limassol 
  About Cyprus 
  Travel Information 
  Contact 
   
 Select Page     

 Call For Papers   

 Recent years have witnessed a rapidly rising emphasis on the design, implementation and management of complex computer systems which are present in every aspect of human activities, such as manufacturing, communications, defence, transportation, aerospace, hazardous environments, energy, and healthcare. These complex systems are frequently distributed over heterogeneous networks and process a large amount of data, leveraging emerging artificial intelligence (AI), large language models, and machine learning techniques. Complexity arises from many factors, including the dynamic environment and the scenarios these systems operate in, demanding and sometimes conflicting requirements in functionality, efficiency, scalability, security, dependability and adaptability, data heterogeneity, as well as the wide range of development methodologies, programming languages and implementation details. Performance, real-time behaviour, fault tolerance, robustness, security, adaptability, development time and cost, and long life concerns are some of the key issues arising in the development of such systems.   
 The International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems (ICECCS) is a well-established event that has been held around the world for over 25 years. The goal of this conference is to bring together industrial, academic, and government experts from a variety of application domains and software disciplines, to discuss how the disciplines’ problems and solution techniques interact within the whole system. Researchers, practitioners, tool developers and users, and technology transfer experts are all welcome. The scope of the conference includes long-term research issues, near-term requirements and challenges, established complex systems, emerging promising tools, and retrospective and prospective reflections of research and development into complex systems.   
  
 List of Topics   
 Authors are invited to submit papers describing original, unpublished research results, case studies and tools. Papers are solicited in all areas related to complex computer-based systems, including the causes of complexity and means of avoiding, controlling, or coping with complexity. Topic areas include, but are not limited to:   
 Requirements, modeling and formal methods   
 Requirements analysis and specification 
  Model-driven development 
  Model checking 
  SAT/SMT solvers for software analysis and testing 
    
 AI, Complex intelligent models and complex systems   
 Big data management 
  Data-drive and AI-backed systems 
  Machine learning for Software Engineering 
  AI4SE and SE4AI 
  Adaptive, self-managing and multi-agent systems 
    
 Security, reliability and dependability   
 Safety-critical and fault-tolerant architectures 
  Formal methods 
  Security and privacy of complex systems 
  Privacy-preserving AI 
  Fairness 
    
 Software engineering   
 Verification and validation 
  Reverse engineering and refactoring 
  Software architecture 
  Human Machine Interaction 
  Agile methods 
    
 Realistic complex systems   
 Ubiquitous computing, context awareness, sensor networks 
  Cyber-physical systems and Internet of Things (IoT) 
  Autonomous systems and self-healing systems 
  Industrial case studies 
  Different kinds of contributions are sought, including novel research, lessons learned, experience reports, and discussions of practical problems faced by industry and user domains. The ultimate goal is to build a rich and comprehensive conference program that can fit the interests and needs of different classes of attendees: professionals, researchers, managers, and students. A program goal is to organize several sessions that include both academic and industrial papers on a given topic and culminate panels to discuss relationships between industrial and academic research.   
 Collaboration with ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 To facilitate the dissemination of high-quality research presented at ICECCS 2024, selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their accepted conference papers to ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM). Authors of these selected papers are kindly requested to submit their extended manuscripts within six months following their conference presentation. Upon the authors’ acceptance of this invitation, TOSEM will provide comprehensive instructions and requirements for the submission and review process. TOSEM will conduct its rigorous review process and make final decisions on acceptance.  
 Submission and Publication   
 Full papers are divided into two categories: Technical Papers and Experience Reports. The papers submitted to both categories will be reviewed by the program committee members, and papers accepted in either category will be published in the conference proceedings. Technical papers should describe original research, and experience reports should present practical projects carried out in the industry, and reflect on the lessons learnt from them.   
 Short paper submissions describe early-stage, ongoing or PhD research. All short papers will be reviewed by the program committee members, and accepted short papers will be published in the conference proceedings.   
 Submissions to the conference must not have been published or be concurrently considered for publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation quality, and relevance to the conference. Proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS).  
 Submitted manuscripts should be in English and formatted in the style of LNCS format. Full papers should not exceed 20 papers (including bibliography, etc.), and short papers should not exceed 11 pages (including bibliography, etc.). All submissions should be in PDF format. Submissions not adhering to the specified format and length may be rejected immediately without review.  
 Please prepare your manuscripts in accordance with the Springer LNCS guidelines:  
 https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines   
 We invite all prospective authors to submit their manuscripts via the ICECCS 2024 portal, hosted by the EasyChair conference management system.   
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iceccs2024    
  
 Important Dates   
 Abstract Submissions Due: 29 December, 2023 AoE    
 Full Paper Submissions Due: 05 January, 2024  AoE    
 Acceptance/Rejection Notification: 15 March, 2024 AoE    
 Camera-ready Due: 15 April, 2024  AoE    
 Author Registration Deadline: 15 April, 2024 AoE   
 Conference Dates: 19-21 June, 2024 AoE    

 ICECCS 2024  
 28th International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems  
 Venue:  
 St. Raphael Resort  
  Limassol, Cyprus  

 ACADEMIC MATTERS  
 Prof. George A. Papadopoulos  
  University of Cyprus  
  Email: george@ucy.ac.cy   

 COORDINATOR  
 Local Arrangements   
 EASY CONFERENCES  
 Website: www.easyconferences.eu   
  Tel : (+357) 22 591 900  
  Email: info@easyconferences.eu   

 LOCATION  

 All rights reserved |  EasyConferences Ltd.      

   