    
   
 Program Chairs: 
  concepts25@lists.cs.uni-kassel.de 

 Location: 
  Babeș-Bolyai University, Cluj-Napoca, România 

     Home 
  Committee 
  Keynote speakers 
  Sponsors 
  Events | Program 
  Workshops 
  Attending the conference | Concepts in Transylvania 
  Accomodation 
  Venue 
  Travel Information 
  Registration 
  Contact 
      
 X    

 Call for papers      

 Call for papers    

 2nd International Joint Conference on Conceptual Knowledge Structures (CONCEPTS 2025)  

 Cluj-Napoca, România- September, 8th-12th, 2025   
 https://concepts2025.conference.ubbcluj.ro/    

 29th Intl. Conf. on Conceptual Structures (ICCS)  

 19th Intl. Conf. on Formal Concept Analysis (ICFCA)  

 18th Intl. Conf. on Concept Lattices and their Applications (CLA)  

 CONCEPTS, the International Conference on Conceptual Knowledge Structures is a merger of the three conferences CLA, ICCS, and ICFCA, which have been essential venues for researchers and practitioners working on theoretical and applied aspects of formal concept analysis and representation of conceptual knowledge, as well as closely related areas, such as data mining, information retrieval, knowledge management, and discovery.   
   
 CONCEPTS 2025, the second conference in this new series, aims to continue the tradition and standards of previous conferences and to become a key annual meeting for all members of the three communities, CLA, ICCS, and ICFCA, to keep abreast of the advances and new challenges in the field.   

 TOPICS AND SCOPE   OF THE CONFERENCE  

 Main topics include but are not limited to:  

 Fundamental aspects of Formal Concept Analysis (e.g., FCA theory, concept lattices, algorithms and computational complexity) 
  Conceptual graphs, graph-based models for human reasoning 
  Knowledge spaces and learning spaces 
  Fuzzy, relational, and/or triadic conceptual structures 
  Conceptual knowledge acquisition, management, exploration, analysis and/or visualization 
  Probabilistic or approximative approaches to conceptual knowledge 
  Bridging conceptual structures to information sciences, artificial intelligence, data mining, machine learning, information retrieval, database theory, software engineering, and other areas of computer science 
  Ontologies, semantic web, knowledge graphs, in particular their relation to conceptual knowledge structures such as concept lattices and conceptual graphs. 
  Conceptual structures in natural language processing and linguistics 
  Understanding real-world data and modeling real-world phenomena with conceptual structures (e.g., applications in digital humanities, cybersecurity, biology, medicine, social network analysis) 
  Psychology, philosophy, and conceptual structures 

 Submission details:  
 Submissions are invited on significant, original (previously unpublished) research on the topics of the conference:   

 Journal-track papers up to 26 pages, to be published in a special issue of the International Journal of Approximate Reasoning (IJAR); 
  Regular papers up to 16 pages and short papers up to 8 pages are to be published by Springer in the LNAI series as a proceedings volume. 

 All submissions will be subject to single-blind peer review. Accepted papers have to be presented at the conference on-site. Therefore, at least one author per paper has to register timely and attend the conference on-site.  

 Important dates and submission instructions:  

 JOURNAL-TRACK SUBMISSIONS:  

 Full paper submission: March 16, 2025 (AoE) 
  Paper reviews sent to authors: May 2nd, 2025 
  Revised submission: June 2, 2025 
  Notification of acceptance: June 29, 2025 

 Details about the submission system and the guidelines to authors will be provided shortly.  

 Regular and short papers  

 Abstract submission: March 17, 2025 (AoE) 
  Full paper submission: March 24, 2025 (AoE) 
  Notification of acceptance: May 14, 2025 
  Camera-ready papers due: May 29, 2025 

 Submission link:  https://equinocs.springernature.com/home.    
   
 Please select the appropriate category for your submitted manuscript, “regular paper” or “short paper.” Please visit the page  Information for authors  on Springer’s website for templates and formatting style.   

 International Joint Conference on Conceptual Knowledge Structures  

 © Concepts 2025 – All rights reserved   

  