  ☰  Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
  Important Dates 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Latebreaking Result Talk 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Documents 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Program 
  📧 Contact 

 Call for Papers  
 Deadline Extended  
 We would like to notify you that the deadline for the full manuscript submission has been extended to February 17, 2023  . The abstract submission deadline is adjusted to February 10, 2023  accordingly.  
 The deadline for the workshop and tutorial proposals does not change (February 3rd). For more information on this topic see the according page.   
 Overview  
 Formal Concept Analysis emerged in the 1980’s from attempts to restructure lattice theory in order to promote better communication between lattice theorists and potential users of lattice theory. Since its early years, Formal Concept Analysis has developed into a research field in its own right with a thriving theoretical community and a rapidly expanding range of applications in information and knowledge processing including visualization, data analysis (mining) and knowledge management and discovery.  
 The ICFCA conference series aims at bringing together researchers and practitioners working on theoretical or applied aspects of Formal Concept Analysis within major related areas such as Mathematics and Computer and Information Sciences and their diverse applications to fields like Software Engineering, Linguistics, Life and Social Sciences, etc.  
 All accepted submissions will be refereed, and the conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS/LNAI series.  
 Topics  
 Main topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Fundamental aspects of FCA  
 FCA theory 
  Lattice theory 
  Lattice drawing 
  Philosophical foundations 
  Algorithms and complexity theory 
  Bridging FCA to information sciences and artificial intelligence  
 FCA and logic, e.g., semantic web, description logics 
  FCA and conceptual structures, e.g., concept graphs, knowledge spaces 
  FCA and data analysis, e.g., hierarchical classification, data organization 
  FCA and data mining, e.g., pattern mining 
  FCA and information retrieval, e.g. exploratory search, navigation, querying 
  FCA and machine learning, e.g., learning with hypothesis, feature selection 
  FCA and database theory, e.g., dependencies, rules, data cubes 
  FCA and software engineering 
  FCA and morphological mathematics 
  Understanding, modelling real-world data and phenomena with FCA  
 Analysis of “big data” with FCA, e.g., sampling, parallel computing 
  Analysis of social networks and their dynamics 
  Applications for scientific data analysis, e.g., in biology or health care 
  Applications for sensors data and user interactions traces 
  Other FCA applications 
  Submission Details  
 We invite scientific publications on theory and applications of Formal Concept Analysis. Papers of up to sixteen pages may be submitted in the PDF format. This year, the conference uses the Springer EquinOCS platform as a submission system for the first time. The important dates can be found on the corresponding webpage  .  
 Authors are requested to follow the formatting instructions for the Springer LNCS  style. Submissions in LaTeX2e are preferred. Authors are encouraged to provide an ORCID alongside their submission.  
 Accepted papers have to be presented at the conference on-site. Therefore, at least one author per paper has to register timely and attend the conference on-site.  
 At a Glance  
 A submission has at most 16 pages, including references. 
  ICFCA uses standard single-blind peer-reviewing. 
  Posting preprints to | arXiv | is allowed. 
    
 Partner  

 Impressum    

  