 Skip to main content   Unfortunately we don't fully support your browser. If you have the option to, please upgrade to a newer version or use Mozilla Firefox   , Microsoft Edge   , Google Chrome   , or Safari 14 or newer. If you are unable to, and need support, please send us your feedback   .  

 We'd appreciate your feedback.  Tell us what you think! opens in new tab/window     

    Academic & Government   Academic & Government 
  Health   Health 
  Industry   Industry 
  Elsevier Connect   Insights 
  About   About 
  Customer support   Support 

 Publish with us     
    Open Search    
    Location Selector    

   Show Menu    

 Pure   
   Show Menu    
  Pure in action 
  Why Pure 
  Benefits 
  How it works 
  Data sources 
  Client stories 
  Support services 

 Pure in action 
  Why Pure 
  Benefits 
  How it works 
  Data sources 
  Client stories 
  Support services 

 Home 
  Products 
  Pure 
   
 The world's leading Research Information Management System  
 Fully interconnected data model empowers you to collaborate beyond borders, maximize funding opportunities, promote open science activities, and showcase the impact of your institution's achievements to the world.  
 Contact us     

 Your brilliance, organized for action  
   
 Unlock organized insights to drive your research strategy  
 Pure is a Research Information Management System (RIMS) or Current Research Information System (CRIS) designed to be simple and turnkey. Deep integration into the Research Intelligence portfolio and external Open Access (OA) databases and Open Data repositories enables actionable analysis across sources for enhanced decision-making and evidence-based execution of research strategy.  
 Learn more about why you need a RIMS    

 Manage all your data sources in one secure platform  
 Pure brings information from all your data sources onto a single, intelligent and secure platform, empowering you to gain a comprehensive overview of all your research activities.  
 Learn other benefits of implementing Pure    

    Play     

 See how Pure will enhance your role  
 Institutional leaders  : Maximize research performance and funding with a cohesive software ecosystem of interoperable tools. 
  Research managers  : Manage all aspects of research administration to advance funding, collaboration, publication and impact. 
  Library professionals  : Increase efficiency in institutional archiving and enhance research visibility through proactive tools. 
  IT specialists  : Provide reliability, sustainability and interoperability via a system that meets global security standards. 
  See the benefits of Pure    

 How does Pure work?  
 Pure enables the import, entry and maintenance of high-quality data about your research and other content, ensuring this linked data is the source of truth for your institution's research output, impact and capabilities.  
 Discover more about how Pure works    

 Showcase your reputation  
 Your peers are demonstrating their institutional impact through Pure portals.  
 See live Pure portals    

 Pure International Conference 2023 Highlights  
 The 9th Pure International Conference took place on October 24-26 in Dubrovnik, Croatia. It featured sessions that covered a wide array of topics related to Research Information Management Systems.  
 Learn more about Pure community and support.    

    Play     

 A globally trusted RIMS  

 750,000+ profiles   

 More than 750,000 researcher profiles created to date.   

 350+ Institutions   

 Implemented in more than 350 of the world’s leading institutions.   

 Supporting your Pure journey   

 With a commitment to driving your success, our team of more than 100 specialists provides dedicated support to ensure you have an exceptional user experience on Pure.   

 "For me, the best thing about Pure is that most of our publications are in one place and I don't have to go through the library or learn other systems to access them. It's easy to sort and filter them and I can reach a live version of a publication in just two clicks."  

  MM  
   
 Melodi Moore  
 Research Development Specialist  

 Related links  
 SciVal        
 Interfolio        
 Data Monitor        

 Useful links  
 Submit your paper 
  Shop Books & Journals 
  Open access 
  View all products 
  Elsevier Connect 

 About  
 About Elsevier 
  Careers 
  Global Press Office 
  Advertising, reprints & supplements 
  Modern slavery act statement 

 Support  
 Customer support 
  Resource center 

   Global | English  

    LinkedIn opens in new tab/window       Twitter opens in new tab/window       Facebook opens in new tab/window       YouTube opens in new tab/window      

  opens in new tab/window     opens in new tab/window      
 Copyright © 2024 Elsevier, its licensors, and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.  
 Terms & Conditions 
  Privacy policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie settings 

  