  

 Home 
  committee 
  Program | - Awards 
  - Program Outline 
  - Presentation Instructions 
  - Keynote Speakers 
  - Workshops, Tutorials and Competitions 
  Attending | - Registration 
  - Venue 
  - Accommodation 
  - Local Information 
  Submission | - Author Instruction 
  - Proceedings 
  - Calls | - Call for Papers 
  - Call For Journal Track Papers 
  - Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
  - Call for Competitions 
  - Call for Sponsorship 
  Dates 
  Gallery 
  User Portal 

 Call for Papers  
 Home 
  Calls 

 ICFHR 2022 Call for Papers  
 Note: Submission deadlines extended to July 10th  
 The International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition (ICFHR) brings together experts from academia and industry in this field to share their experiences and promote research and development in all aspects of handwriting recognition and its applications.  
   
  Topics of interest to the conference include, but are not limited to:   

 Handwriting Recognition 
  Cursive Script Recognition 
  Symbol, Equation, Sketch and Drawing Recognition 
  Handwritten Document Processing and Understanding 
  Language Models in Handwriting Recognition 
  Web-Based Applications 
  Handwritten Databases and Digital Libraries 
  Information Extraction & Retrieval 
  Signature Recognition and Verification 
  Recognition of Handwritten Graphical Documents 
  Document Characterization 

 Layout Analysis 
  Form Processing 
  Word Spotting 
  Bank-Check Processing 
  Historical Document Processing 
  Forensic Studies and Security Issues 
  Writer Verification and Identification 
  Metrics and Evaluation 
  Electronic Ink and Pen-Based Systems 
  Other Offline and Online Applications 
  Writing in the Air 

 Topics not strictly related to handwriting but relating to document informatics, e.g.- scene text understanding etc. are also welcome.   

 Important Dates:   

 June 10, 2022   
  23:59 AoE, July 10, 2022 (extended-final) | Paper abstract submission 
 June 10, 2022   
  23:59 AoE, July 10, 2022 (extended-final) | Full paper submission 
 August 21, 2022 | Author notifications 
 September 16, 2022 | Camera-ready papers due 
 December 04 - 07 , 2022 | ICFHR Conference 

 Submission Guidelines   
 Papers accepted for the conference will be allocated up to 15 pages in the proceedings, including references. Submissions are expected to be 12-15 pages long.  
 ICFHR 2022 will follow a double-blind review process. Authors should not include their names or affiliations anywhere in the manuscript. Authors should also ensure that their identity is not revealed indirectly by citing their previous work in the third person and should omit acknowledgements until the camera‐ready version. Reviewer names will also not be visible to authors.  
 Authors should submit papers for ICFHR 2022 via the EasyChair Conference System. Please follow the instructions on the submission website carefully to ensure that your paper is submitted correctly.  
 The submission link is https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icfhr2022  .  
 Papers should be formatted according to the instructions and style  files provided by Springer Overleaf Template  .  
 ICFHR 2022 is planned to be a physical conference. For authors who may not be able to travel due to COVID related issues, remote presentation at the conference will be possible.  
 If you encounter any problem during the paper submission process and cannot resolve it, please contact the Program Chairs.  

 Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved | ICFHR 2022   

  