             

 Conference Paper  PDF Available  Workshop: Pen-and-Paper Role-Playing  
 January 2008 
  Lecture Notes in Computer Science 
    
 DOI: 10.1007/978-3-540-89454-4_42    
 Source 
  DBLP 
    
 Conference: Interactive Storytelling, First Joint International Conference on Interactive Digital Storytelling, ICIDS 2008, Erfurt, Germany, November 26-29, 2008, Proceedings 

 Authors:   
      
 Florian Berger    
 University of Education of Weingarten 

 Alexander Marbach    
 Hochschule Mittweida 

   Download full-text PDF     Read full-text     

   Download full-text PDF     
   Read full-text     
   Download citation     
   Copy link  Link copied      
         
      Read full-text   
      Download citation   
     Copy link  Link copied    

 Abstract  
   
 Over the last 30 years, a phenomenon of human-to-human interactive storytelling has developed, known as fantasy role-playing games (RPG), beginning with the publishing of the game Dungeons & Dragons in 1974. Since then, a role-playing culture has emerged, incorporating concepts from theatre, board games, history reenactment and storytelling, remixed in an almost post-modern way.   

    Discover the world's research   
 25+ million members 
  160+ million publication pages 
  2.3+ billion citations 
  Join for free     

     Public Full-text 1    

 Content uploaded by Florian Berger    
   
 Author content    
   
 All content in this area was uploaded by Florian Berger on Jan 10, 2020   

 Content may be subject to copyright.   

 W  orkshop:   
 Pen-and-P  ap  er Role-Playing   
 Florian Berger and Alexander Marbach   
 P¨  adagogische Hochsch  ule / University of Education Weingarten, German  y   
 { berger,marbach  } @md-phw.de    
 W  orkshop Abstract   
 Over the last 30 years, a phenomenon of h  uman-to-human interactive storytelling   
 has developed, known as fantasy r  ole-playing games (RPG) , b  eginning with the     
 publishing of the game Dungeons & Dr  agons  in 1974. Since then, a role-playing     
 culture has emerged, incorporating concepts from theatre, board games, history   
 reenactment and storytelling, remixed in an almost post-modern way  .   
 A role-playing session is in its very nature an in  teractive storytelling ses-   
 sion, and the game master   usually solves problems similar to those involv  ed in    
 Interactive Digital Storytelling (IDS) systems.   
 The goal of this workshop is to oﬀer researchers in IDS v  aluable insights into   
 principles of pen-and-paper RPGs, in particular in strategies of the game master.   
 This is why the authors bring such a session to the conference, and moreo  ver   
 involv  e workshop participants as active play  ers. The workshop consists of the   
 following parts:   
 Introduction: The basic concepts of a pen-and-paper RPG are explained: the    
 game master  as the creator and narrator of the virtual world;  players as     
 the leaders of their respective ﬁctional characters; resolving conﬂicts using   
 rulesets; rules of in-game communication; character creation.   
 Playing Session:  This is the actual role-playing, with the players completing    
 a quest created by the game master. He has prepared a set of non-player    
 characters (NPCs) , maps of some  key lo  cations and some  key events , but the    
 actual storyline emerges by play  er interaction over the course of the game.   
 Typical RPG features include susp  ense, time pressure, riddles, teamwork,    
 acting and  conﬂicts/c  ombat . There are some typical problems a game master     
 has to face during gameplay  , most of them related to the conﬂict between the   
 players’ freedom to act and the demand for a consisten  t storyline. A game   
 master makes use of several tec  hniques to tackle these challenges.   
 Meta Discussion:  This serves the purpose of answering questions for ﬁrst-    
 time players, but ev  ery participant is encouraged to give personal views and   
 impressions and ask questions. Game mastering techniques like reacting to-   
 wards unexpected developments are rev  ealed and discussed. Possible impli-   
 cations of the game play for future research in in  teractive digital storytelling   
 are summed up and discussed.   

 Citations (0)  

  References (0)  

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any citations for this publication.   

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any references for this publication.   

 Recommended publications  
   
 Discover more    

 Article    
   
 Preface: 16th Advanced Accelerator Concepts Workshop   
 October 2016    
 Alexei Kitaev 
  Read more    

 Article    
   
 First Tenovus Workshop: The Human Adrenal Gland and its Relation to Breast Cancer, K. Griffiths, E.H...   
 October 1971  · Clinical Radiology    
 K.A. Ahlquist 
  R.S. Pointon 
  Read more    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Writing and Publishing Your Work in the International Medical Literature: A Workshop   
 April 2007  · Social Medicine    
 Anderson Matthew 
  View full-text    

 Article    
   
 Editorial: Film Workshops in Europe   
 January 2014  · Studies in European Cinema    
 Lars Gustaf Andersson 
  John Sundholm 
  An introduction is presented in which the authors discuss various reports within the issue on topics including the concept of film workshops, the politicized film culture in Spain, and the British ...   
 Read more    

 Last Updated: 21 Nov 2024    

 Discover the world's research   
 Join ResearchGate to find the people and research you need to help your work.   

 Join for free     

 ResearchGate iOS App    
   
 Get it from the App Store now.   

 Install     

 Keep up with your stats and more   

 Access scientific knowledge from anywhere   

 or   
   
 Discover by subject area     

 Recruit researchers 
  Join for free 
  Login      Email   Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login         Password  Forgot password?      Keep me logged in   Log in    or    Continue with Google                 
 Welcome back! Please log in.        Email · Hint  Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login          Password   Forgot password?       Keep me logged in    Log in    or    Continue with Google       No account? Sign up 

 Company   
 About us    
 News    
 Careers    

 Support   
 Help Center    

 Business solutions   
 Advertising    
 Recruiting    

 © 2008-2024 ResearchGate GmbH. All rights reserved.   
   
 Terms 
  Privacy 
  Copyright 
  Imprint 
  Consent preferences 

      