    
   
 International Conference on Logic Programming   

 Home 
  Call For Papers 
  Affiliated Events 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Hotels & Travel 
  Registration 
  Conf. Program 
  Invited Speakers 

 SCOPE  
 Since the first conference In Marseille in 1982, ICLP has been the premier international event for presenting research in logic programming. Contributions are sought in all areas of logic programming, including but not restricted to:  
 Theoretical Foundations   
 Formal and operational semantics, Non-monotonic reasoning, Reasoning under uncertainty, Knowledge representation, Semantic issues of combining logic and neural models, Complexity results.  
  
 Language Design and Programming Methodologies   
 Concurrency and parallelism, Mobility, Interacting with ML, Logic-based domain-specific languages, Hybrid logical and imperative/functional languages, Programming techniques, Answer Set Programming, Inductive Logic Programming, Coinductive Logic Programming  
  
 Program Analysis and Optimization   
 Analysis, Transformation, Verification, Debugging, Profiling, Visualization, Logic-based validation of generated programs.  
  
 Implementation Methodologies   
 Compilation, Parallel/distributed execution, Constraint implementation, Tabling, Logic-based prompt engineering, User interfaces.  

 IMPORTANT DATES  
  
 Submission deadline  for short papers, main/application tracks, system demos, BOF meetings, and recently published research | July 8, 2024 
 Final notification | July 22, 2024 
 Final copy due | August 5, 2024 
 Main conference | October 14-17, 2024 

 TRACKS AND SPECIAL SESSIONS  
 In addition to the main track, ICLP 2024 will host:  
 Short Papers Track: | invites submissions on all aspects of logic programming within the scope of ICLP. Papers must be 7 pages in EPTCS format, including references. The accepted short papers will be published in the Technical Communication Proceedings pages and will be presented during the conference. 
  Recently Published Research Track: | provides a forum to discuss important recent results related to logic programming that have appeared (from January 2022 onward) in selective journals and conferences, but have not been presented at ICLP. 
  System Demonstrations. | We invite submissions to showcase logic programming systems in a live setting. This track is not designed for sales pitches. Rather demonstrations are a way for the community to see the system’s relevance, potential, and innovation and to allow time for discussion with its creator(s). 
  Birds of a Feather (BoF) Sessions. | We invite proposals for break-out sessions during ICLP to provide informal discussions for colleagues with similar interests in inclusive environments. BoFs are not intended to be presentations: proposers of BoF sessions should serve as discussion leaders only. 

 AFFILIATED EVENTS  
 2024 Autumn School in Computational Logic | : October 11-12 
  Workshops | : October 12-13, 2024 
  Doctoral Consortium and Mentoring Sessions | : October 12-13, 2024 provides students and early career researchers with the opportunity to present and discuss their research directions, obtain feedback from both peers and experts, and participate in mentoring sessions on how to prepare for and succeed in a research career. Leaders in logic programming research from academia and industry give invited talks on their research areas. The best paper from the DC will be given the opportunity to make a presentation in the main ICLP conference. 
  Logic Programming in Industry | : October 14, 2024 
  For more information see https://www.iclp24.utdallas.edu  

 SUBMISSION DETAILS  
 All submissions must be written in English. Papers accepted at ICLP may appear either in  
 The ICLP 24 Technical Communication Proceedings published by Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science (EPTCS). EPTCS format is described at http://style.eptcs.org 
  The journal Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP): (the deadline for this kind of submissions has already expired) 
  All accepted papers will be presented during the conference. Authors of accepted papers will by default be automatically included in the list of ALP members, who will receive quarterly updates from the Logic Programming Newsletter at no cost. The forms of submission are as follows.  
 Main and Application Tracks: | All papers must describe original, previously unpublished research, and must not simultaneously be submitted for publication elsewhere. (These restrictions do not apply to previously accepted workshop papers with a limited audience and/or without archival proceedings.) Main and Application track submissions may have one of two forms: | Short papers (7 pages in EPTCS format, including references). The accepted short papers will be published in the Technical Communication Proceedings. 
  Regular papers in TPLP format: the deadline for this submission form is now expired. 
  Recently Published Research Track: | We invite extended abstracts describing previously published research (from January 2022 onwards) in selective journals and conferences, that has not been previously presented at ICLP. The extended abstract should be 2-3 pages in EPTCS format and accompanied by a title page with (i) details on where the original paper appeared, (ii) a link to the original paper, (iii) a paragraph describing why the authors believe this work warrants a presentation at ICLP. The extended abstracts will be published in the Technical Communication Proceedings. 
  System Demonstrations: | We invite extended abstracts (2 or 3 pages in EPTCS format) describing systems to be demonstrated in a session of ICLP. System demonstrations should provide highlights of the novel features of the system, along with information about how to access it. Accepted abstracts will be published in the Technical Communication Proceedings. 
  Birds of a Feather (BoF) Proposals: | Finally we invite extended abstracts (2-3 pages in EPTCS format) that propose breakout sessions that may take place during the ICLP 24 conference. BOF proposals should motivate the relevance of the topic to logic programming, describe the expected audience, identify discussion leaders and their expertise, and provide a brief description of the activities during the session. BoF proposals should also discribe the planned practices to promote inclusion and to foster attendee involvement. Accepted abstracts will be published in the Technical Communication Proceedings. 
  Submissions will be made via EasyChair. The submission Web page for ICLP2023 is https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iclp2024   

    