Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
 IEEE International Conference on Multimedia & Expo 2025  
    
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Home 
  About ▼ | Organising Committee 
  Venue 
  Calls ▼ | Important Dates 
  General Calls and Topics of Interest 
  Workshop Proposals 
  Special Sessions Proposals 
  Grand Challenge Proposals 
  Tutorial Proposals 
  Authors ▼ | Author Information and Submission Instructions 
  Program ▼ | Special Sessions 
  Registration 

 Home   » General Calls and Topics of Interest     

 General Calls and Topics of Interest  
 The IEEE International Conference on Multimedia & Expo (ICME) is the flagship multimedia conference sponsored by four IEEE societies since 2000, promoting the exchange of the latest advances in multimedia technologies, systems, and applications from both research and development perspectives.  
 ICME 2025 will be held in Nantes, France, from June 30 to July 4, 2025  .  
 Call for Papers (PDF)   
 ICME 2025 will bring together leading researchers and practitioners to share the latest developments and advances in the discipline. Featuring high-quality oral and poster sessions, world-class keynotes, exhibitions, demonstrations, and tutorials, the conference will attract leading researchers and global industry figures, providing excellent networking opportunities. In addition, exceptional papers and contributors will be selected and recognized with prestigious awards.  
  
 Topics of Interest  
 Topics of interest include (bot are not limited to):  
 3D multimedia, AR/VR and immersive media 
  Emerging multimedia applications and technologies 
  Artificial intelligence/machine learning based multimedia 
  Image and video processing 
  Multimedia analysis and generation 
  Multimedia communications, networking and mobility 
  Multimedia databases and data mining 
  Multimedia quality assessment and metrics 
  Multimedia security, privacy and forensics 
  Multimedia standards, trends and related research 
  Multi-modal media computing, interaction, and human-machine interaction 
  Social media analysis and applications 
  Speech/audio processing 
  Location  
 Nantes, the home city of Jules Verne and the ancient seat of the Dukes of Brittany, is the sixth largest city in France and is renowned for its livability and eco-friendliness. It received the European Green Capital award in 2013. Strategically positioned on the Loire River, Nantes has a rich history as a port and industrial center. Over the past few decades, it has evolved into a technological hub with a high-tech and creative industry. Located only two hours from Paris by high-speed (TGV) train, Nantes is well-connected with direct flights to over 50 international destinations. It has established itself as an emerging metropolis in Europe and a perfect venue for hosting international congresses.  
  You can find the Call for Papers here in PDF form  .  
  Important Dates  

 Important Dates 
 – Special session proposals | 22 Nov 2024 | – Industry Expo Proposals | 25 Mar 2025 
 – Workshop proposals | 22 Nov 2024 | – Panels proposals | 25 Mar 2025 
 – Tutorial proposals | 29 Nov 2024 | – Demo proposals submission | 25 Mar 2025 
 – Grand Challenge proposals | 2 Dec 2024 | – Workshop paper submission | 25 Mar 2025 
 – Regular Paper Submissions  
  (including Special Sessions) | 13 Dec 2024 | – Industry Technology Workshop proposals | 25 Mar 2025 
 – Regular Paper Acceptance notification- | 14 Mar 2025 |  

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top     
  