   
  Bali, Indonesia  
  12-15 July 2025   

 Home 
  Announcement 
  Call For Papers 
  Call For Invited Sessions 
  ICMLC 
  ICWAPR 
  Venue 
  Contact Us 

 Special Program: Free Tutorial, Panel Discussion, Keynote Speakers, Lotfi Zadeh Best Paper Awards in 2025.   
   
 One paid registration fee will allow you to attend two conferences, ICMLC and ICWAPR.   
   
 Come and meet the leading international experts to build a professional network that may enhance your future career.   
   
 ICMLC & ICWAPR 2025 will be held in Bali, Indonesia.   
   
 ICMLC & ICWAPR are marching towards its 24th and 22nd anniversary.   

 News  

 Look forward to meeting you at ICMLC and ICWAPR 2025 in Bali, Indonesia! | 21-Nov-2024 

 Call For Paper   
     
 The 24th International Conference on Machine Learning and Cybernetics (ICMLC) and the 22nd International Conference on Wavelet Analysis and Pattern Recognition (ICWAPR) will be held in Bali, Indonesia, on 12-15 July 2025.  
 ICMLC and ICWAPR offer a leading platform for participants from academia and industry to exchange and develop research ideas on Machine Learning, Cybernetics and Wavelet Analysis, with special focus this year on adversarial learning generative adversarial network, and uncertainty modelling.  
 Review and Publication   
 The manuscripts should be between 4 to 6 pages in the IEEE conference format. Additional pages will be charged. Please check the website for the details. All submissions will be peer-reviewed by at least TWO reviewers. 
  All papers will be: | Submitted for consideration for inclusion and indexing by IEEE Xplore (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/) 
  Submitted for indexing to EI Compendex 
  Selected papers will be recommended for publication in special issues of SCI indexed journals 
  Special Features   
 Free Tutorial 
  Lotfi Zadeh Best Paper Awards 
  Keynote Speaker 
  Tracks   
 Machine Learning: | Kevin Wong, Murdoch University, Austrialia 
  Cybernetics: | Tadahiko Murata, Osaka Univeristy, Japan 
  Uncertainty Modeling in Deep Learning: | Xizhao Wang, Shenzhen University, China 
  AI Safety and Ethics: | Daniel Yeung, Hong Kong 
  AI for Security and Security of AI: | Patrick Chan, South China University of Technology, China and Battista Biggio, University of Cagliari Italy 
  Committee   
 ICMLC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ICWAPR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Topics of Interest   
 Original research involving machine learning and cybernetics ranging from theoretical investigation to real world applications. Examples include but are not limited to the following:  
 ICMLC 
  ICWAPR 
  Important Dates   
 Submission Due: | 1st April 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance: | 10th May 2025 
  Registration Due: | 20th May 2025 

 Special Features  

 Bali Sightseeing    
 Bali is an island province in Indonesia located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands. It is known for its lush tropical landscapes vibrant cultural heritage, and is Indonesia's main Hindu-majority region. Bali has a rich history, having been influenced by ...  
  Details 
  Strong Technical Program    
 Every year ICMLC provides a strong technical program and comfortable meeting environment to all the attendees. In addition to keynote speakers, the conference offers free tutorials, panel discussion research consultation sessions, Lotfi Zadeh Best Paper Awards. ...  
  Details 
  2024 Review    
 Miyazaki is the capital city of Miyazaki Prefecture in Japan, and the seventh-most populous city of Japan. During the Meiji era, when Japan abolished prefectures, Miyazaki Prefecture was part of Kagoshima Prefecture from 1876 to 1883. It regained its independence in 1883 ...  
  Details 
  Strong and Long History    
 From 2002, the first ICMLC held in Beijing now ICMLC is marching towards its 24th anniversary. Many international well-known experts in Machine and Cybernetics have joined ICMLC. Let's review the long and strong history of ICMLC.  
  Details 

 Copyright 2025 ICMLC & ICWAPR. All rights reserved.   

  