 
     
 Home 
  About Us | Organizers  Program Committee  Previous ICMLAs  Organize ICMLA'25 
  Key Dates 
  Contributes | Call for Papers  Call for Special Sessions  Call for Tutorials  Call for Workshops  Call for ICMLA Challenges  How to Submit 
  Programs | Keynotes  Schedule  Special Sessions  Workshops  Tutorials  Challenges 
  Participants | Accepted Papers  Registration  Posters  Awards 
  Locations | Accommodation  Conference Location  Places of Interest 
  Sponsors 

 Sidebar [Skip]   

  Welcome to the ICMLA'24 Official Web Site     
   
  Call for Papers  
  ICMLA 2024 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to present their latest achievements and innovations in the area of machine learning (ML).  
 The conference provides a leading international forum for the dissemination of original research in ML with emphasis on applications as well as novel algorithms and systems. Following the success of previous ICMLA conferences, the conference aims to attract researchers and application developers from a wide range of ML related areas, and the recent emergence of Big Data processing brings an urgent need for machine learning to address these new challenges. The conference will cover both machine learning theoretical research and its applications. Contributions describing machine learning techniques applied to real-world problems and interdisciplinary research involving machine learning, in fields like medicine, biology, industry, manufacturing, security, education, virtual environments,games, are especially encouraged.  
 Contributions describing applications of machine learning (ML)techniques to real-world problems, interdisciplinary research involving machine learning, experimental and/or theoretical studies yielding new insights into the design of ML systems, and papers describing development of new analytical frameworks that advance practical machine learning methods are especially encouraged.  
  
 The technical program will consist of, but is not limited to, the following topics of interest:   
 statistical learning 
  neural network learning 
  learning through fuzzy logic 
  learning through evolution (evolutionary algorithms) 
  reinforcement learning 
  multi-strategy learning 
  cooperative learning 
  planning and learning 
  multi-agent learning 
  online and incremental learning 
  scalability of learning algorithms 
  inductive learning 
  inductive logic programming 
  Bayesian networks 
  support vector machines 
  case-based reasoning 
  machine learning for bioinformatics and computational biology 
  multi-lingual knowledge acquisition and representation 
  grammatical inference 
  knowledge acquisition and learning 
  knowledge discovery in databases 
  knowledge intensive learning 
  knowledge representation and reasoning 
  machine learning and information retrieval 
  machine learning for web navigation and mining 
  learning through mobile data mining 
  text and multimedia mining through machine learning 
  distributed and parallel learning algorithms and applications 
  feature extraction and classification 
  theories and models for plausible reasoning 
  computational learning theory 
  cognitive modeling 
  deep and transfer learning 
  federated learning 
  machine learning on the edge 
  machine learning for computer vision 
  hybrid learning algorithms 
  Applications of machine learning in:   
 medicine, health, bioinformatics and systems biology 
  industrial and engineering applications 
  security applications 
  smart cities and autonomous driving 
  game playing and problem solving 
  intelligent virtual environments 
  economics, business and forecasting applications, etc. 
  The conference will include a number of interesting keynote plenary talks, which will be announced on the conference web site as arrangements are finalized. Previous invited speakers included numerous fellows of AMLA, AMIA, AAAS, AAAI, etc.  
  
 Paper Submission   
 High quality papers in all Machine Learning areas are solicited. Papers that present new directions in ML will receive careful reviews. Authors are expected to ensure that their final manuscripts are original and are not appearing in other publications. Paper should be limited to 8 pages and submitted in IEEE format (double column). Papers will be reviewed by the Program Committee on the basis of technical quality, originality, significance and clarity. All submissions will be handled electronically. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings, as a hardcopy. Authors of the accepted papers need to present their papers at the conference. A selected number of accepted papers will be invited for possible inclusion, in an expanded and revised form, in some journal special issues.  
 ICMLA'24 Best Paper Award and ICMLA'24 Best Poster Award will be conferred at the conference to the authors of the best research paper and best poster presentation, respectively, based on the reviewers and Programme Committee recommendations.  
 Detailed instructions for submitting papers can be found at How to Submit    
  
 Important Dates:  
 The submission time is set to 11:59 PM - PT on the date specified. Try to submit early as the system might be busy around the due time. We will not be able to facilitate individual late submissions.  
   
 Special Sessions/Tutorial/Challenge Proposals |  
 Submission Deadline: | May 8, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance: | May 22, 2024 
 Main Conference Papers |  
 Submission Deadline: | July 31, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance: | September 7, 2024 
 Special Sessions Papers |  
 Submission Deadline: | September 9, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance: | September 25, 2024 
 Camera Ready Papers |  
 Main Conference: | October 5, 2024 
 Special Sessions: | October 5, 2024 
 Pre-registration: | October 15, 2024 
 Conference: | December 18-20, 2024 

  ICMLA'24  

  