Welcome to IEEE ICMLA2020  

 Toggle navigation      IEEE icmla20    
 Home 
  Organizers 
  Program Committee 
  Previous IEEE ICMLAs 
   Organize IEEE ICMLA'18 | ABOUT US 
  KEY DATES 
  SUBMISSIONS | Call for Papers 
  Call for Special Sessions and Tutorials 
  How to Submit 
  PROGRAMS | Key Notes 
  Schedule 
  Special Sessions/Workshops 
  Tutorial Session 
  PARTICIPANTS | Accepted Papers 
  Registration 
  Awards 
  LOCATIONS | Accommodation 
  SPONSORS 

 ICMLA 2020 will be held entirely online  with reduced registration fees!     

  COVID-19 Pandemic Update  
    
 The safety and well-being of all conference participants is our highest priority. We are closely monitoring the current COVID-19 situation. Depending on the situation, we will either have the conference as planned in Miami, or as a virtual event. In addition, the accepted papers will have the option of virtual presentation with a reduced registration fees (virtual presentation papers will also be included in the conference proceedings)! We plan a high-quality paper presentation to enrich the interaction among all the presenters and attendees.    
  Scope of the Conference   
    
 ICMLA 2020 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to present their latest achievements and innovations in the area of machine learning (ML). The conference provides a leading international forum for the dissemination of original research in ML with emphasis on applications as well as novel algorithms and systems. Following the success of previous ICMLA conferences, the conference aims to attract researchers and application developers from a wide range of ML related areas, and the recent emergence of Big Data processing brings an urgent need for machine learning to address these new challenges.   

  Topics of interest  
    
 Statistical Learning 
  Deep Learning 
  Learning Through Fuzzy Logic 
  Learning Through Evolution 
  Reinforcement Learning 
  Multi-strategy Learning 
  Cooperative Learning 
  Planning and Learning 
  Multi-agent Learning 
  Online and Incremental Learning 
  Scalability of Learning Algorithms 
  Inductive Learning 
  Inductive Logic Programming 
  Bayesian Networks 
  Support Vector Machines 
  Case-based Reasoning 
  Grammatical Inference 
  Knowledge Acquisition and Learning 
  Knowledge Discovery in Databases 
  Knowledge Intensive Learning 
  Knowledge Representation and Reasoning 
  Machine Learning for Information Retrieval 
  Learning Through Mobile Data Mining 
  Machine Learning for Web Navigation and Mining 
  Text and Multimedia Mining 
  Feature Extraction and Classification 
  Distributed and Parallel Learning Algorithms and Applications 
  Computational Learning Theory 
  Theories and Models for Plausible Reasoning 
  Computational Learning Theory 
  Cognitive Modeling 
  Hybrid Learning Algorithms 
  Multi-lingual knowledge acquisition and representation 
  Applications of Machine learning in: | Medicine and health informatics 
  Bioinformatics and systems biology 
  Industrial and engineering applications 
  Security 
  Smart cities 
  Game playing and problem solving 
  Intelligent virtual environments 
  Economics, business and forecasting 

  Applications of Machine Learning   
    
 The conference will cover both machine learning theoretical research and its applications. Contributions describing machine learning techniques applied to real-world problems and interdisciplinary research involving machine learning, in fields like medicine, biology, industry, manufacturing, security, education, virtual environments games, are especially encouraged.   

  Paper Submission   
    
 High quality papers in all Machine Learning areas are solicited. Papers that present new directions in ML will receive careful reviews. Authors are expected to ensure that their final manuscripts are original and are not appearing in other publications. Paper should be limited to 8 pages and submitted in IEEE format (double column). Papers will be reviewed by the Program Committee on the basis of technical quality, originality, significance and clarity. All submissions will be handled electronically. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings, as a hardcopy. Authors of the accepted papers need to present their papers at the conference. A selected number of accepted papers will be invited for possible inclusion, in an expanded and revised form, in some journal special issues.  
   
  ICMLA'20 Best Paper Award and ICMLA'20 Best Poster Award will be conferred at the conference to the authors of the best research paper and best poster presentation, respectively, based on the reviewers and Programme Committee recommendations.  
   
  Detailed instructions for submitting papers can be found at How to Submit     

 Copyright © IEEE ICMLA 2020  

  