York University, Toronto, Canada May 5-9, 2025  

 Home 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Workshops 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Call for Contributions 
  Important Dates 
  Tracks and Submissions | Research Track 
  Industry Track 
  Journal First Track 
  Artifact Evaluation Track 
  Data Challenge Track 
  Emerging Research Track 
  Posters and Demonstrations Track 
  Tutorials Track 
  Workshops Track 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Sponsorship and Opportunities | Sponsors 
  Double Blind FAQ 
  Code of Conduct 
  About ICPE (external) 
  ICPE 2024 (external) 

 Research Track  
 The research papers track is open to research contributions. Papers submitted in this track will be thoroughly reviewed for novelty, relevance, technical quality and scientific soundness by the members of the research track program committee. The track distinguishes two paper types:  
 Regular research paper with novel research contribution and extensive evaluation. These are simply the standard research papers that bring original research content in the usual structure. 
  Empirical / Experience / Reproduction / Case Study (EERCS) papers that place more emphasis on empirical evaluation, real life experience, reproduction or case study. In this group, papers should describe new experience with existing approaches or methodologies. Both positive and negative reproduction studies are welcome 
  The submission deadlines are listed on the important dates page  .  
 Submissions must be appropriately anonymized for the double blind submission process. Please see the Double Blind FAQ  for more details.  
 Submissions are made via HotCRP  and must be in the standard ACM format for conference proceedings. More specifically, the double column formats have to be used for all paper submissions: Latex preferred, Word. Papers must not exceed 10 pages, which includes figures and tables, but not references and appendices. The camera ready version of the accepted papers may use up to 2 extra pages to remove anonymization and address potential shepherding comments, but may not add significant non reviewed content.  
 To promote research reproducibility, the authors of the accepted research papers in this track are encouraged to submit an artifact to the conference Artifact Track  . After the artifact review, such papers will be awarded an artifact badge following the ACM Artifact Review and Badging  policy.  
 The conference Award Committee will recognize the best submissions, judged by multiple relevant factors, with an ACM/SPEC Best Paper Award  award.  
 Instructions for Authors from ACM  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 Program Chairs  
 Katinka Wolter, Freie Universitat Berlin, Germany. 
  Alessandro Papadopoulos, Mälardalen University, Sweden. 
  Submissions to be made via HotCRP  .  
 Program Committee:  
 For a list of program committee members, please refer to the program committee page  .  
 Call for Contributions:  
 For detailed information on Call for Contribution, please visit the Call for Contribution page  .  

 Tweets by ICPEconf   
   
 16th ACM/SPEC International Conference on Performance Engineering (ICPE)   
   
  