                                                                                Skip to content  Menu     
 Menu     
     
 Process Mining Conference 2024   
 6th International Conference on Process Mining, October 14-18, 2024  

 Search for:        

 Primary Menu  
 ICPM 2024 
  General Info | Venue – DTU 
  Travelling & Accommodation 
  Key Dates 
  Organizing Committee 
  Conference | Calls | Research Papers 
  Demos 
  Best PhD Dissertation 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Process Discovery Contest 
  Workshop Proposals 
  Proceedings 
  Accepted Papers 
  Accepted Workshops 
  Program | Schedule 
  Keynotes 
  Industry days | Overview 
  Tutorial sessions 
  Training sessions 
  Use case sessions 
  Hackathon 
  Social Events 
  Co-located Events 
  ICPM App 
  Code of Conduct 
  Sponsors 
  Search    
 Search for:        

 Secondary Menu  
 Registration 
  Program 
  Awards 
  Pictures 

 Call for Research Papers  
  
 The International Conference on Process Mining (ICPM) is the premium forum for researchers, practitioners, and developers in process mining. The objective is to explore and exchange knowledge in this field through scientific talks, industry discussions, contests, technical tutorials, and panels. The conference covers all aspects of process mining research and practice, including theory, algorithmic challenges, applications, and connections with other fields.  
 The conference is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society and supported by the IEEE Task Force on Process Mining.  
 Process mining is an innovative research field that focuses on extracting business process insights from transactional data commonly recorded by IT systems, with the ultimate goal of analyzing and improving organizational productivity along performance dimensions such as efficiency, quality, compliance, and risk. By relying on data rather than perceptions gained from interviews and workshops, process mining shifts the way of thinking from “confidence-based” to “evidence-based” business process management. Thus, process mining distinguishes itself within the information systems domain by its fundamental focus on understanding, analyzing, and improving business processes based on process data.  
 Current process mining challenges include scalability, i.e., dealing with volume, velocity, veracity, and variability of input data, especially in real-time/online settings using event streams; approximation, i.e., balancing computation time with accuracy; understandability and explainability, i.e., providing easy-to-understand and explainable analytics; multi-perspective analysis, i.e., considering data, resources and time beyond the process control flow; measurability, e.g., providing a comprehensive framework for measuring differences between observed and modelled process behavior, and ethical and confidential aspects of process mining, i.e., how to ensure that process mining procedures and results do not violate ethical and privacy principles.  
    
 Topics for Research Papers  
 ICPM 2024 encourages papers on new methodologies, techniques, and applications for process mining, as well as case studies coming from industrial scenarios. Also, papers describing novel tools, fundamental research, and empirical studies on process mining are expected. For the sake of replicability of the presented studies, the addition of supplementary resources is strongly encouraged, such as used datasets, publicly accessible implementations of new techniques, and experimental packages for empirical studies. The use of novel, previously unpublished datasets is most welcome. Research on existing datasets must clearly showcase the novelty or unprecedented results of the applied analysis.  
 Selected, accepted research papers will be considered for publication in an extended and revised form in a special issue of the flagship journal Process Science, edited by Springer ( https://link.springer.com/journal/44311  ).  
 The thematic areas in which contributions are sought include, but are not limited to, those listed below.  
 Process mining techniques    
 Automated Discovery of Process Models 
  Conformance/Compliance Analysis 
  Construction of Event Logs 
  Event Log Quality Improvement 
  Decision Mining for Processes 
  Rule/constraint-based Process Mining 
  Mining from non-process-aware systems 
  Analyzing Event Streams 
  Object-centric and Multi-instance Process Mining 
  Data-centric Process Mining 
  Multi-perspective Process Mining 
  Simulation/optimization for Process Mining 
  Predictive Process Analytics 
  Prescriptive Process Analytics and Recommender Systems 
  Responsible Process Mining 
  Privacy-preserving Process Mining 
  Process Model Repair 
  Process Performance Mining 
  Variants/deviance Analysis and Root-cause Analysis 
  Visual Process Analytics 
  Process Monitoring 
  Process Querying and Repositories 
  Process mining fundamental research    
 Formal Foundations of Process Mining 
  Comparative and Benchmark Studies on Process Mining 
  Conceptual Models Related to Process Mining 
  Human-centered Studies on Process Mining 
  Process Mining Quality Measures 
  Process Mining Guidelines 
  Process mining applications and case studies in    
 Artificial Intelligence 
  Blockchain Technologies 
  Robotic Process Automation (RPA) 
  Chatbots for Process Mining 
  Business Activity Monitoring and Business Intelligence 
  (Cyber) Security and Privacy 
  Operations Management and Lean Six Sigma 
  Process Performance Measurement 
  Process Reengineering 
  Resource Management 
  Risk Management 
  Sensors, Internet-of-Things (IoT) and Wearable Devices 
  Industry 4.0 
  Specific domains (such as accounting, finance, government, healthcare, manufacturing, education) 
   
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 The Process Mining community welcomes the advancement of diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) across our professional endeavors. We celebrate the diversity in our community and foster an environment that welcomes individuals irrespective of age, gender identity, race, ethnicity, socioeconomic status, nationality, beliefs, sexual orientation, physical capabilities, education, and professional background. We urge all participants to uphold DEI principles in their written work, reviews, presentations, and any engagement linked to the ICPM conference.  
  
 Open Science Principles  
 The ICPM conference encourages authors of research papers to follow the principles of transparency, reproducibility, and replicability. In particular, the conference supports the adoption of open data and open source principles and encourages authors to disclose (anonymized and curated) data in order to increase reproducibility and replicability.  
 Authors are encouraged to make research artefacts (e.g., prototypes, interview protocols, questionnaires) or the datasets (used in, or produced by, the empirical evaluation) reported in the paper available in a suitable form. To facilitate this, we kindly ask authors to include links in their manuscripts to private or public repositories where reviewers can access the associated research artefacts. This information may be presented in a dedicated section, such as “Data availability” or “Reproducibility”. This requirement does not apply to papers that neither involve an empirical study nor a prototype implementation.  
 Authors who are unable or choose not to share their research artefacts and datasets with the program committee are encouraged to provide an explanation within their submitted manuscript, detailing the reasons behind their decision. This statement may be removed from the final version of the paper if it gets accepted. Possible reasons may involve privacy restrictions or non-disclosure agreements. While sharing research artefacts is not mandatory for submission or acceptance, the program committee members may use this information to inform their decision.  
 To enhance the accessibility of research artefacts and datasets, authors are advised to make them accessible via public repositories (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, GitHub, or institutional archives) under an open data license such as the CC0 dedication or the CC-BY 4.0 license. Making research artefacts and datasets available via cloud services such as Dropbox or Google Docs is discouraged due to the volatility of the links associated with these services.  
 Finally, authors are encouraged to self-archive their pre- and post-prints in open, preserved repositories, such as their institutional preprint repository, arXiv, or other non-profit services, in line with IEEE’s copyright agreement (see IEEE Preprint Policy  ).  
 Submission Instructions  
 Submissions must be original contributions that have not been published previously, nor submitted elsewhere while being submitted to ICPM 2024. All files must be prepared using the latest IEEE Computational Intelligence Society conference proceedings guidelines (8.5′′ × 11′′ two-column format). The page limit is set to 8 pages (IEEE Format). All papers must be in English. The use of artificial intelligence (AI)–generated text in an article shall be disclosed in the acknowledgments section of any paper submitted to an IEEE Conference or Periodical. The sections of the paper that use AI-generated text shall have a citation to the AI system used to generate the text.  
 Templates are available for LaTeX and Word at the following link: https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 The paper should be submitted through the ICPM 2024 submission system, which is reachable at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icpm2024  where one should select “ICPM 2024”.  
 Each paper will be reviewed by at least 3 program committee members. Afterwards, there will be a discussion period to finalize the decisions.  
 At least one author of each accepted contribution is expected to register for the conference to present the paper and sign a copyright release form.  
 Innovation Track  
 This year, ICPM 2024 features an Innovation Track to highlight novel research ideas and unconventional applications in Process Mining. Papers with strong potential to spark discussion at the conference but do not fully meet the criteria for the main conference will be invited for presentation at the innovation track. The authors will be asked to create a poster to present their research. The Innovation Track offers a platform for researchers and practitioners to present their work, engage with attendees, and receive feedback on ongoing projects.  
 Important dates  
 Abstract submission | : | May 23, 2024 | May 30, 2024 (AOE) 
  Paper submission: | May 30, 2024 | June 6, 2024 (AOE) (small updates allowed until June 8, 2024 (AOE)) 
  Notification | : July 16, 2024 
  Camera-ready | : August 23, 2024 
  Conference | start | : October 14, 2024 
  Program chairs  
 Xixi Lu | , University of Utrecht, Netherlands 
  Luise Pufahl | , Technical University of Munich, Germany 
  Minseok Song | , Pohang University of Science and Technology, South Korea 
  Program committee  
 Daniel Amyot | , University of Ottawa, Canada 
  Michael Arias | , Universidad de Costa Rica, Costa Rica 
  Abel Armas Cervantes | , The University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Ahmed Awad | , The British University in Dubai, UAE 
  Hyerim Bae | , Pusan National University, South Korean 
  Saimir Bala | , Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Germany 
  Iris Beerepoot | , Utrecht University, Netherlands 
  Robin Bergenthum | , Fern Universität in Hagen, Germany 
  Andrea Burattin | , Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
  Cristina Cabanillas | , University of Seville, Spain 
  Thomas Chatain | , LSV, ENS Paris-Saclay, Cachan, France 
  Minsu Cho | , Kwangwoon University, South Korea 
  Ouyang Chun | , Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Marco Comuzzi | , Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, South Korea 
  Zahra Dasht Bozorgi | , University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Massimiliano de Leoni | , University of Padua, Italy 
  Johannes De Smedt | , KU Leuven, Belgium 
  Jochen De Weerdt | , KU Leuven, Belgium 
  Andrea Delgado | , Universidad de la República, Uruguay 
  Pavlos Delias | , International Hellenic University, Greece 
  Benoit Depaire | , Hasselt University, Belgium 
  Claudio Di Ciccio | , Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  Chiara Di Francescomarino | , DISI – University of Trento, Italy 
  Joerg Evermann | , Memorial University of Newfoundland, Canada 
  Dirk Fahland | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Stephan Fahrenkrog-Petersen | , Weizenbaum Institute for the Networked Society, Germany 
  Carlos Fernandez-Llatas | , Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain 
  Walid Gaaloul | , Computer Science Department Telecom SudParis, France 
  Avigdor Gal | , Technion, Israel 
  Luciano García-Bañuelos | , Tecnológico de Monterrey, Mexico 
  Laura Genga | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Alessandro Gianola | , University of Lisbon, Portugal 
  Oscar Gonzalez-Rojas | , Universidad de los Andes, Colombia 
  Daniela Grigori | , Laboratoire LAMSADE, University Paris-Dauphine, France 
  Marwan Hassani | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Mieke Jans | , Hasselt University, Belgium 
  Gert Janssenswillen | , Hasselt University, Belgium 
  Anna Kalenkova | , The University of Adelaide, Australia 
  Agnes Koschmider | , Kiel University, Germany 
  Sander J.J. Leemans | , RWTH Aachen, Germany 
  Francesco Leotta | , Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  Cong Liu | , Shandong University of Technology, China 
  Irina Lomazova | , National Research University Higher School of Economics, Russia 
  Orlenys Lopez-Pintado | , University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Felix Mannhardt | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Andrea Marrella | , Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  Fabrizio Maria Maggi | , Free University of Bozen-Bolzano, Italy 
  Niels Martin | , Hasselt University, Belgium 
  Raimundas Matulevicius | , University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Massimo Mecella | , Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  Jan Mendling | , Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Germany 
  Giovanni Meroni | , Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
  Marco Montali | , Free University of Bozen-Bolzano, Italy 
  Jorge Munoz-Gama | , Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Chile 
  Artem Polyvyanyy | , University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Mahsa Pourbafrani | , RWTH Aachen University, Germany 
  Jana-Rebecca Rehse | , University of Mannheim, Germany 
  Hajo A. Reijers | , Utrecht University, Netherlands 
  Manuel Resinas | , University of Seville, Spain 
  Stefanie Rinderle-Ma | , Technical University of Munich, Germany 
  Andrey Rivkin | , Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
  Massimiliano Ronzani | , Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy 
  Lorenzo Rossi | , University of Camerino, Italy 
  Arik Senderovich | , York University, Canada 
  Marcos Sepùlveda | , Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Chile 
  Tijs Slaats | , University of Copenhagen, Denmark 
  Pnina Soffer | , University of Haifa, Israel 
  Arthur ter Hofstede | , Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Han van der Aa | , University of Vienna, Austria 
  Wil van der Aalst | , RWTH Aachen University, Germany 
  Andrea Vandin | , Scuola Superiore Sant’Anna, Italy 
  Boudewijn van Dongen | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Sebastiaan van Zelst | , Celonis, Germany 
  Eric Verbeek | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Hagen Völzer | , University of St.Gallen, Switzerland 
  Barbara Weber | , University of St.Gallen, Switzerland 
  Matthias Weidlich | , Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Germany 
  Lijie Wen | , Tsinghua University, China 
  Karolin Winter | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Moe Thandar Wynn | , Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Francesca Zerbato | , Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 

 Diamond Sponsor  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Sponsors  

 Startup Sponsors  

 Sponsors information   

 Twitter   Twitter   Email    

 IEEE Ethics Reporting   
  Cookie Policy (EU)   

 Copyright © 2024 Process Mining Conference 2024  . All Rights Reserved. | Clean Journal by Catch Themes    

 Scroll Up   ICPM 2024 
  General Info | Venue – DTU 
  Travelling & Accommodation 
  Key Dates 
  Organizing Committee 
  Conference | Calls | Research Papers 
  Demos 
  Best PhD Dissertation 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Process Discovery Contest 
  Workshop Proposals 
  Proceedings 
  Accepted Papers 
  Accepted Workshops 
  Program | Schedule 
  Keynotes 
  Industry days | Overview 
  Tutorial sessions 
  Training sessions 
  Use case sessions 
  Hackathon 
  Social Events 
  Co-located Events 
  ICPM App 
  Code of Conduct 
  Sponsors 
   
 Registration 
  Program 
  Awards 
  Pictures 

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Statistics   Statistics         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
  