ICSR 2025   Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada    
 co-located with ICSE 2025    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre) 
  ICSE 2025 
  Registration 
  Hotels 
  Visa and Travel Authorization 
  Travelling to Ottawa 
  Getting Around Ottawa 
  Food at ICSE2025 
  Code of Conduct 
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan 
  Fun Activities 
  Sponsorship 
  Program | ICSE 2025 
  Program Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Panels 
  Receptions and Banquet 
  Tutorials 
  Networking Events 
  Meetings and BOF events 
  Technical Briefings 
  Recreational Activities 
  Submitting to ICSE2025: Q&A 
  Track/Call 
  Organization | ICSR 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Organization committee 
  Program Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
   Series 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2025  ( series  ) /  ICSR 2025 ( series  ) /  22nd International Conference on Systems and Software Reuse ICSR 2025   
   
 About 
  Call for Papers 
  The International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR) is a biannual conference in the field of software reuse research and technology. ICSR is a premier event aiming to present the most recent advances and breakthroughs in the area of software reuse and to promote an intensive and continuous exchange among researchers and practitioners.  
 The 22nd International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR 2025) will be held in Ottawa, Canada, April 27-28, 2025.  
   
 Call for Papers  
  
 The International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR) is a biannual conference in the field of software reuse research and technology. ICSR is a premier event aiming to present the most recent advances and breakthroughs in the area of software reuse and to promote an intensive and continuous exchange among researchers and practitioners.  
 The guiding theme of this edition is AI in support of Intelligent Reuse  .  
 We invite submissions on new and innovative research results and industrial experience reports dealing with all aspects of software reuse within the context of the modern software development landscape. Topics include but are not limited to the following.  
 Technical aspects of reuse, including   
 Reuse in/for Quality Assurance (QA) techniques, testing, verification 
  Variability management and software product lines 
  Context-aware modeling for reusable knowledge 
  Reusable system features and interplay between reuse and software variability 
  New language abstractions for software reuse 
  Generative approaches for reuse 
  Open-source reuse and mining strategies in open-source repositories 
  Retrieval effort, economic models and recommendation of reusable assets 
  Reuse of non-code artefacts 
  Architecture-centric reuse approaches 
  Strategies and novel approaches for modularization 
  Reusable approaches including microservices 
  Sustainabile software reuse approaches 
  Quality of reusable assets, quality gates, and technical debt 
  Use of LLM models and tools to support the reuse process 
  AI/ML techiques for smart reuse 
  Development of reusable smart assets 
  Industrial approaches of software reuse in industry and in emerging domains   
 Reuse success stories, failures and lessons learned in industry 
  Reuse obstacles, success factors, and return on Investment (ROI) studies in companies 
  Strategies to increase and reuse large software projects and lessons learned 
  Reuse of safety-critical systems in diverse domains (e.g. automotive, railways) 
  Reuse in emerging domains/paradigms: AI, Quantum Computing, Industry 4.0, Blockchain, Edge Computing 
  Important dates   
 Abstract submission: | November 18th, 2024, AoE (recommended; used for bidding) 
  Paper submission: | December 3rd, 2024, AoE (firm; no extensions) 
  Notification: | January 10th, 2025, AoE (tentative) 
  Camera-ready submission: | January 28th, 2025, AoE (tentative) 
  ICSR 2025 conference: | April 27-28th, 2025 
  Submission Types   
 Full papers: | (up to 10 pages + 2 additional pages for references): Full papers must present mature research. They must clearly state a contribution, demonstrate novelty in relation to prior work, and provide solid argumentation as to why that contribution is relevant and valid. 
  Short papers: | (up to 5 pages plus one for references): Short papers present emerging and/or interim findings. They aim to provide a forum for introducing fresh insights and preliminary findings in the field and to receive community feedback for progressing the work and promote alive discussion. Novel and disruptive ideas are also welcome. 
  Submission Form   
 Research and experience papers should be submitted to ( https://icsr25.hotcrp.com/  ). The submission deadline is firm, no extensions.  
 All submissions must adhere to the following requirements:  
 Page limit is 10 pages plus 2 additional pages of references for long papers and 5 pages plus 1 additional page for references for short papers. 
  Submissions must be unpublished original work and should not be under review or submitted elsewhere while being under consideration. 
  Submissions to ICSR 2025 must conform to the IEEE conference proceedings template, specified in the | IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines | (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran} without including the compsoc or compsocconf options). 
  Submissions must strictly conform to the IEEE conference proceedings formatting instructions specified above. Alterations of spacing, font size, and other changes that deviate from the instructions may result in desk rejection without further review. 
  By submitting to ICSR, authors acknowledge that they are aware of and agree to be bound by the ACM Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism and IEEE Plagiarism FAQ. The authors also acknowledge that they conform to the authorship policy of the ACM and the authorship policy of the IEEE. 
  Paper review will employ a double-anonymous review process. Thus, no submission may reveal its authors’ identities. The authors must make every effort to honor the double-anonymous review process. In particular: | Authors’ names must be omitted from the submitted paper. 
  All references to the author’s prior work should be in the third person. 
  Authors are encouraged to title their submission differently than preprints of the authors on ArXiV or similar sites. During review, authors should not publicly use the submission title. 
  By submitting to ICSR, authors acknowledge that they are aware of and agree to be bound by the ACM Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism and the IEEE Plagiarism FAQ. In particular, papers submitted to ICSR 2025 must not have been published elsewhere and must not be under review or submitted for review elsewhere whilst under consideration for ICSR 2025. Contravention of this concurrent submission policy will be deemed a serious breach of scientific ethics, and appropriate action will be taken in all such cases. To check for double submission and plagiarism issues, the chairs reserve the right to (1) share the list of submissions with the PC Chairs of other conferences with overlapping review periods and (2) use external plagiarism detection software, under contract to the ACM or IEEE, to detect violations of these policies. 
  Accepted papers will be published in the ICSE 2025 Co-located Event Proceedings and included in the IEEE and ACM Digital Libraries. Authors of accepted papers are required to register and present their accepted paper at the conference in order for the paper to be included in the proceedings and the Digital Libraries.  
 Authors of rejected long papers may receive an acceptance as a short paper if the PC chairs and reviewers agree that it better meets the criteria for short papers. In this case, authors may decide to accept or reject the invitation if they would rather submit as a long paper to a different venue.  

 Questions? Use the ICSR contact form  .    
    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Fri 10 Jan 2025   
  Notification 
 Tue 3 Dec 2024   
  Paper submission (AoE UTC-12h) (firm; no extensions) 
 Mon 18 Nov 2024   
  Abstract submission (AoE UTC-12h) (recommended; used for bidding) 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://icsr25.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Organization committee    
   
 Ghizlane El Boussaidi General Chair    
 École de Technologie Supérieure   
 Canada 
  Imen Benzarti Proceedings Chair    
 Software and Information Technology Engineering Department, École de Technologie Supérieure   
 Canada 
  Rafael Capilla PC Co-Chair    
 Universidad Rey Juan Carlos   
 Spain 
  Diego Castro Web Chair    
 Federal University of Rio de Janeiro   
 Brazil 
  Claudia Werner PC Co-Chair    
 Federal University of Rio de Janeiro   
 Brazil 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Manel Abdellatif 
  Mercedes Amor Committee Member    
 Universidad de Málaga 
  Apostolos Ampatzoglou Committee Member    
 University of Macedonia   
 Greece 
  Wesley Assunção Committee Member    
 North Carolina State University   
 United States 
  Claudia Ayala Committee Member    
 Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Spain   
 Spain 
  Sihem Ben Sassi Committee Member    
 Université de la Manouba   
 Tunisia 
  Jan Bosch Committee Member    
 Chalmers University of Technology   
 Sweden 
  Regina Braga Committee Member    
 Federal University of Juiz de Fora   
 Brazil 
  Fernando Brito e Abreu Committee Member    
 ISCTE-IUL   
 Portugal 
  Alexander Chatzigeorgiou Committee Member    
 University of Macedonia   
 Greece 
  Marsha Chechik Committee Member    
 University of Toronto   
 Canada 
  Stéphane Ducasse Committee Member    
 Inria; University of Lille; CNRS; Centrale Lille; CRIStAL   
 France 
  John Favaro Committee Member    
 Trust-IT, Pisa   
 Italy 
  Lidia Fuentes Committee Member    
 Universidad de Málaga, Spain   
 Spain 
  Jose Galindo Committee Member    
 University of Seville   
 Spain 
  José Miguel Horcas Aguilera Committee Member    
 Universidad de Málaga   
 Spain 
  Jaejoon Lee Committee Member    
 University of East Anglia   
 United Kingdom 
  Tommi Mikkonen Committee Member    
 University of Jyväskylä   
 Finland 
  Hafedh Mili Committee Member    
 Université du Québec à Montréal 
  Mourad Oussalah Committee Member    
 University of Nantes   
 France 
  George Angelos Papadopoulos Committee Member    
 University of Cyprus   
 Cyprus 
  Gilles Perrouin Committee Member    
 Fonds de la Recherche Scientifique - FNRS & University of Namur   
 Belgium 
  Rick Rabiser Committee Member    
 LIT CPS, Johannes Kepler University Linz   
 Austria 
  Iris Reinhartz-Berger Committee Member    
 University of Haifa   
 Israel 
  Klaus Schmid Committee Member    
 University of Hildesheim   
 Germany 
  Quentin Stiévenart Committee Member    
 Université du Québec à Montréal   
 Canada 
  Xhevahire Tërnava    
 LTCI, Télécom Paris, Institut Polytechnique de Paris, France   
 France 
  Uwe Zdun Committee Member    
 University of Vienna   
 Austria 
  Eduardo Santana de Almeida Committee Member    
 Federal University of Bahia 
  Christina von Flach Committee Member    
 Federal University of Bahia   
 Brazil 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 13:15    

  ICSR 2025   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 ICSR    

 Attending  
 Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre)   
  Registration   
  Hotels   
  Visa and Travel Authorization Information for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Travelling to Ottawa   
  Getting Around Ottawa   
  Food at ICSE2025   
  Code of Conduct for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan for ICSE 2025   
  Fun Activities    
 Sign Up    

  