Skip to content  ICSSP    

 Home 
  Organization 
  Submit 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Contact Us 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Organization 
  Submit 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Contact Us 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

      About 
  Theme 
  Submissions 
  Important Dates 
  Requirements 
  Contact 

 Submit to ICSSP 2024  

 About ICSSP 2024  

 ICSSP 2024 will be held from 4-6 September 2024  

 ICSSP 2024 will take place from September 4-6, 2024, in Munich, Germany, as a hybrid event.  
 ICSSP 2024 is the 18th in a series of ICSSP conferences that have been organized by the International Software and Systems Process Association  (ISSPA) or its predecessor, the International Software Process Association (ISPA). The ICSSP series grew out of two earlier and partly overlapping series, the International Conferences on Software Process (ICSP), dating back to 1991, and the International Software Process Workshops (ISPW), dating back to 1984.  
 Recent ICSSP conferences have been organized with or around ICSE, with proceedings published by IEEE or ACM. After two ICSSP conferences co-organized with the International Conference on Global Software Engineering (ICGSE) in 2021 and 2022, and with CSRIO’s Data61 unit in 2023, in 2024 ICSSP is pleased to be joining forces with the European System, Software & Service Process Improvement & Innovation  (EuroSPI 2  ) conference.  

 Conference Theme  

 The theme for ICSSP 2024 is Sustainable Development  .  
 In 2015, United Nations Member states adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development  , that defines 17 Sustainable Development Goals  (SDGs) to achieve “peace and prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future”.  These goals address issues related to equality, health, education, the natural and built environment, and economic growth.  

 Topics  

 General contributions that address best emerging practice in software and systems engineering are welcome. In addition, we are especially interested in software and systems processes research that addresses sustainable development, such as:  
 Poverty, hunger, and health 
  Clean energy, clean water, and sanitation 
  Equality, justice, peace 
  Climate action 
  Sustainable consumption, production, innovation, and infrastructure 
   
 Examples of topics to address sustainable development goals in and through software and systems engineering include, but are not limited to:  
 Agile and other methods for sustainable global development 
  Techniques to address bias and inclusion in software development ecosystems and software products (especially those incorporating AI and/or machine learning) 
  Green software and systems engineering 
  Open Science and Open Data 
  Developing trust and integrity 
  Processes for digital public infrastructure, FutureGov, education, food systems transformation, and energy 
  Gamification of sustainable development goals 
  Sustainable software development 
  Processes related to distributed and hybrid working 
  Cloud infrastructure and program optimization that address improved power consumption 
  AI based software engineering 
  Alignment of AI with sustainable development 
  Software and AI enabled smart homes/living 
  Migrating software applications and systems to more sustainable infrastructure 
  Regulation for socially-critical software systems development 
  Software processes to achieve better work-life balance in software engineering 
  Issues related to gender, racial, or age equity in software and systems processes 
  Novel applications of software/systems process engineering to physical processes 
   
 Feel free to contact the PC Co-Chairs  if you are not sure whether or not your paper fits the scope of ICSSP 2024.   

 Submissions  

 Submissions are invited for unpublished original work in the following categories:   
 Research Papers  
  
 Full Papers (10 pages + up to 2 pages of references) that reflect completed and evaluated research on novel approaches to major software and systems process challenges, especially relating to the Software and System Processes for sustainable development goals.   
 Experience Papers  
 Full Papers (10 pages + up to 2 pages of references) with a strong focus on the real-world application of techniques, tools, methodologies, processes, and practices. Submissions should clearly identify the problem that is addressed, the context, and the outcomes, as well as the expected learning for the audience.   
 Short Papers  
 Short Papers (5 pages including references) that present concise research results, describe work-in-progress (e.g. Ph.D. research), or conceptual and position papers addressing new perspectives, open questions and future directions. Short papers can also be from industrial or other settings, describing, for instance, practical challenges and approaches, or research needs motivated by experience.   
 Talk Proposals  
 Long abstracts (2 pages) addressing ongoing activities and initiatives in industry, government, research institutes, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and other organizations. Talks should be related to the development of software and systems, or to the application of software and systems engineering practices to other domains, and should reference applications to sustainable development goals.   

 Important Dates  

 • PAST  Submission deadline   
   
 : Friday, 29 March 2024 (Originally: 22 March 2024)    

 • PAST  Paper acceptance notification   
   
 : Tuesday, 7 May 2024 (Originally: 30 April 2024)    

 • PAST  Camera-ready copy due   
   
 : Friday, 14 June 2024 (Originally: 7 June 2024)    

 • UPDATED   Early registration deadline   
   
 : Tuesday, 30 July 2024   

 • Last day to upload conference presentation   
   
 : Friday, 30 August 2024   

 Submission Requirements and Policies  

 All submissions must conform to the ICSSP 2024 formatting and submission instructions and must not exceed the given page limits for the applicable type of submission. All submissions must be in English. Page limits include all text, figures, tables, and appendices. The page limit is strict: purchase of additional pages in the proceedings is not allowed at any point in the process (including after the paper is accepted). All submissions must be in PDF.  

 Authorship  

 All submissions must respect the ACM Policy on Authorship  (as approved by the ACM Publications Board on April 20, 2023). Note that this policy includes the following statement on the use of Generative AI  : Generative AI tools and technologies, such as ChatGPT  , may not be listed as authors of an ACM published Work. The use of generative AI tools and technologies to create content is permitted but must be fully disclosed in the Work. For example, the authors could include the following statement in the Acknowledgements section of the Work: ChatGPT was utilized to generate sections of this Work, including text, tables, graphs, code, data, citations, etc.). If you are uncertain ­about the need to disclose the use of a particular tool, err on the side of caution, and include a disclosure in the acknowledgements section of the Work.   

 Format  

 Submissions must conform to the ACM Primary Article Template  . Follow the instructions for preparing conference submissions using either the Word or LaTeX templates.  
 LaTeX users please set document class as \documentclass[sigconf,  screen,review]{acmart}.   
 For information on using LaTeX for ACM submissions you may consult “ LATEX Class for the Association for Computing Machinery  .”  

 Submission Process  

 Submissions must be made through the ICSSP 2024 EasyChair site  .  
 Submissions must be made no later than the applicable submission deadline. Be sure to direct your submissions correctly and select the appropriate submission type when uploading your submission. We encourage authors who intend to submit to upload their paper information early (ahead of the PDF file) to support the management of the review process. Note that PDF files can be submitted and updated any time ahead of the final submission deadline.  

 Reviewing  

 All submissions will be peer-reviewed by the ICSSP 2024 program committee members  . Each submitted research paper will receive reviews from at least three members of the specific program committee. ICSSP 2024 does not employ a double-blind review process.  
 Reviewing for ICSSP 2024 will be subject to the ACM Peer Review Policy  (as approved by the ACM Publications Board on November 30, 2023).  
 Note that the policy includes the following statement on ethical standards:  
 Reviewers, authors, and decision makers all agree to adhere to the highest ethical standards for peer review.  
  
 And the following statement on bias:  
 ACM requires that the peer review process and related decisions be free of bias based on nationality, religious or political beliefs, gender or other demographic characteristics, personal or professional conflicts or competing interests (see ACM’s Conflict of Interest Policy  ) or any bias that would prevent the reviewer or decision maker from providing a fair and honest review and publication decision based on the quality, relevance, and/or importance of the submitted Work.  

 Requirement to Register, Attend, and Present  

 Upon notification of acceptance, authors of accepted papers will be asked to complete a copyright form and will receive further instructions for preparing their camera-ready versions. At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register for and attend ICSSP 2024 and present their work. Although we encourage authors to attend the conference in person, virtual attendance is also possible. The organizers have the right to withdraw papers from the proceedings if there is no associated registration by two weeks past the authors’ registration deadline.  

 Open Science Policy  

 ICSSP 2024 encourages authors to submit artifact packages and/or data sets with their papers, for the sake of transparency, reusability, replicability, and/or reproducibility, as well as for facilitating the peer review process. Your choice will not affect the review process for your paper. Should you decide to embrace this policy, we strongly encourage you to archive empirical datasets on Zenodo or Dataverse, following Google guidelines to dataset providers, and share analysis scripts on freely accessible code repositories such as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket.  

 Contact  

 Feel free to contact the ICSSP   2024    Program Co-Chairs  , John Noll and Jil Klünder, for additional information.   

 ICSSP 2024  

 ICSSP is a long-running conference series in software and systems processes. It is offered by the ISSPA  .  
 To get in touch, contact us  .  

 Sponsorship  

 ICSSP 2024 is organized and sponsored by the International Software and Systems Process Association  (ISSPA), with cooperation and support from EuroSPI Certificates and Services GmbH  .  

 ICSSP Policy on DEI  

 ICSSP is not an ACM  -sponsored event but ICSSP adheres to applicable provisions of the ACM Policy Against Harassment at ACM Activities  as well as to applicable ACM policies regarding conduct, integrity, inclusivity, diversity, and nondiscrimination in general.  

 Links  

 Home 
  Organization 
  Submit 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Contact Us 
   
 Home 
  Organization 
  Submit 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Contact Us 

 Subscribe to/unsubscribe from our mailing list  

 Note: this mailing list will be used strictly for updates regarding ICSSP 2024.   

     Full name     
 Email address     
    
 Subscribe or Unsubscribe?   Subscribe    Unsubscribe     

 Process my request      

 © 2022, 2023, 2024 International Software and Systems Process Association. All rights reserved.  

   