    
 Hershey, Pennsylvania   
 New York, New York  Beijing, China    

 Get Our News 
  Language: | English | Chinese 
  Cart 0 
  Login/Create Portal Account 
     All Products    All Products 
  Books 
  Journals 
  Videos 
  Book Chapters 
  Journal Articles 
  Video Lessons 
  Teaching Cases 

 Special Offers | Save 10% on the IGI Global Scientific Publishing Online bookstore  Now through December 31, 2024, save 10% on all IGI Global Scientific Publishing research books & OnDemand individual chapter & article downloads. IGI Global contributors may stack this discount with their exclusive 50% contributor discount, which is automatically applied when logged into a contributor portal account. Non-contributors may also combine the discount with one other discount, including coupon codes. Not valid on open access processing charges, e-collections, or videos. Discount is not applicable for distributors.    Explore Books & Chapters 
  Emerging Topic e-Book Collections  Acquire highly focused and affordable Cutting-Edge Peer-Reviewed Research Content through a selection of 17 topic-focused e-Book Collections discounted up to 90%, compared to list prices. Collection topics include Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Language Learning, Marketing and Customer Relations, Sustainability, and many more. Hosted on the InfoSci ®  platform, these collections feature no DRM, no additional cost for multi-user licensing, no embargo of content, full-text PDF & HTML format, and more.   Learn More 
  Open Access Book (Free Access) - Encyclopedia of Information Science and Technology, Sixth Edition (ISBN: 9781668473665)  The Encyclopedia of Information Science and Technology, Sixth Edition)   continues the legacy set forth by the first five editions by providing comprehensive coverage and up-to-date definitions of the most important issues, concepts, and trends pertaining to technological advancements and information management within a variety of settings and industries. The entire book is being published under open access.   Read Now 
  Open Access Book (Free Access) - Food Sustainability, Environmental Awareness, and Adaptation and Mitigation Strategies for Developing Countries (ISBN: 9781668456293)  Food Sustainability, Environmental Awareness, and Adaptation and Mitigation Strategies   for Developing Countries provides information on the recent technology, mitigation, and environmental protection that must be applied for food sustainability in developing countries. This book is being published under Platinum Open Access through funding from Diponegoro University, Indonesia.   Read Now 
  Open Access Book (Free Access) - New Models of Higher Education: Unbundled, Rebundled, Customized, and DIY (ISBN: 9781668438091)  The Walmart Corporation and the Lumina Foundation have provided funding to make New Models of Higher Education: Unbundled, Rebundled, Customized, and DIY   fully open access, completely removing any paywall between scholars in education and the latest research on new models for the future of higher education.   Read Now 
  Open Access Book (Free Access) - Handbook of Research on the Global View of Open Access and Scholarly Communications (ISBN: 9781799898054)  Through a collaboration between IGI Global Scientific Publishing and the University of North Texas, the Handbook of Research on the Global View of Open Access and Scholarly Communications   has been published as fully open access, completely removing any paywall between researchers of any field, and the latest research on the equitable and inclusive nature of Open Access and all of its complications.   Read Now 
  Books | Books 
  Open Access Books 
  OnDemand Book Chapters 
    Books by Subject 
  Business, Administration, & Management 
  Scientific, Technical, & Medical (STM) 
  Education & Social Sciences 
    Books by Field 
  Business & Management 
  Computer Science & Technology 
  Education 
  Life Sciences 
  Government & Law 
  Library & Information Science 
  Media & Communications 
  Medicine & Healthcare 
  Physical Sciences & Engineering 
  Security & Forensics 
  Social Sciences & Humanities 
  Journals | Journals 
  OnDemand Journal Articles 
    Journals by Subject 
  Business, Administration, & Management 
  Scientific, Technical, & Medical (STM) 
  Education & Social Sciences 
    Journals by Field 
  Business & Management 
  Computer Science & Technology 
  Education 
  Life Sciences 
  Government & Law 
  Library & Information Science 
  Media & Communications 
  Medicine & Healthcare 
  Physical Sciences & Engineering 
  Security & Forensics 
  Social Sciences & Humanities 
  e-Collections | e-Book Collections 
  Emerging Topic e-Collections 
  e-Journal Collection Archive 
  e-Cases Collection 
  Pick & Choose 
  XML for Artificial Intelligence 
  Corporate Solutions e-Book Collection 
  OnDemand 
  Open Access | View All Open Access Opportunities  Search across all available IGI Global Scientific Publishing open access publishing opportunities to unleash your research potential.    Find an Open Access Journal for Your Next Manuscript  Search across all available IGI Global Scientific Publishing open access publishing opportunities to unleash your research potential.    Submit an Open Access Book Proposal  Learn more about open access book publishing and how it can propel your research forward in the field.    Convert Your Work to Open Access  Already published? You can convert your work to open access to increase its impact through the IGI Global Scientific Publishing Restrospective Open Access Program.    Utilize Open Access Collection Database  Open up your research potential by utilizing our open access content or integrating the open access collection into your library    Consider Open Access Agreements  For Libraries: consider no-cost or investment-level open access agreements with IGI Global Scientific Publishing to support your faculty's research endeavors.    Search Funding Resources  Looking for additional funding resources to support your open access endeavors? View industry resources compiled by our open access team.    Review Open Access Policies & Ethical Guidelines  Considering IGI Global Scientific Publishing to publish your work under open access? Review the IGI Global Scientific Publishing open access policies and ethical guidelines 
  Publish with Us 
  Resources | Librarians 
  e-Collections 
  Book Title List 
  Journal Title List 
  Video Title List 
  Library Collection Development Service 
  Browse Forthcoming Books 
  Consortia Partnerships 
  Library and Publisher Collaborations 
  Product Distributors 
  Catalogs 
  Open Access Initiative 
    Instructors 
  Course Adoption 
  Teaching Cases 
  K-12 Online Learning Collection 
    Researchers 
  Browse Books 
  Browse Journals 
  Browse Forthcoming Books 
  Search Open Access Content 
  OnDemand Downloads 
  Webinars 
  InfoScipedia 
    Authors and Editors 
  eEditorial Discovery ®  System 
  Peer Review Process 
  Ethics and Malpractice 
  COPE Membership 
  Fair Use Policy 
  Open Access Publishing 
  FAQ 
    Distributors 
  Distributor Resources 
  Book Distributors 
  Journal Subscription Agencies 
  E-Resource Partners 
  Browse Forthcoming Books 
  Catalogs 
  About Us 

 Journal Navigation   
 Journal Details     
    
 Table of Contents     
    
 Editorial Board     
    
 For Authors     
    
 For Editors     

 Navigate This Page   
 Table of Contents - Latest Published Articles    
 Description, Mission,  
  & Scope    
 Editorial Policy    
 Publication Ethics Statement    
 Abstracting and Indexing    
   
 IGI Global Scientific Publishing Open Access    
 Article Processing Charges    
 Open Access Funding Resources    
 Submit to This Journal    
 Reviews & Statements    
   
 Media    
   
 Contact    
 Archiving    
 Ownership and Management    

 International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR)   
 Open Access Article Processing Charge (APC)   
   
 APC:  US $3,500.00   
 Learn About APCs     
 Submit      Reviewer Application  Share  Sign-up for Journal Alerts    

 Share    
 Recommend to Librarian 
  Recommend to Colleague 
  Fair Use Policy 

 Reviews & Testimonials    
    
 Publishing with IGI Global has been very productive for me. Over the years, I have seen how IGI Global’s technological capabilities have come to the fore with their book publishing system, which vastly simplifies the process, particularly the uploading of manuscript contents, the double-anonymized peer review process, and the book proofing. IGI Global has given me a way to speak to the larger world about important research and work.   
 - Dr. Shalin Hai-Jew (Kansas State University, USA)   

 Publishing with IGI Global has been a very positive experience. We have been guided through the very complicated process swiftly and securely by simply following their concise instructions. The response to the first edition was much greater than expected, I think due to the excellent marketing system of IGI Global. The ability to get the book delivered to the world is not less important than the writing of it. As authors, we are very grateful to IGI Global for all of their efforts on our behalf.   
 - John Radke, BM, MBA   

 It was quite a delight to be published with IGI Global. The process itself was simple and supportive. I know they have a huge readership across the world. I am happy that my works are part of this research family.   
 - Mr. Dhaval Joshi (Senior Product Manager at Tencent in Shenzhen, China)   

 Publishing with IGI Global has allowed me to contribute new work across my diverse research interests…I appreciate the IGI Global mission to disrupt the scholarly publishing community with its systematic process for expert peer review and inter/transdisciplinary subject areas.   
 - Dr. Robin Throne (Northcentral University, USA)   

 Having released several books and a number of other research publications with IGI Global, I am more than happy to continue this collaboration in a friendly environment created by IGI Global staff. I definitely look forward to collaborating with IGI Global in the future heartily and endorse this outstanding publisher to all my colleagues.   
 - Dr. Vasilii Erokhin (Harbin Engineering University, China)   

 The experience with IGI Global has been positive because they are open to new ideas and offer a variety of opportunities for scientists to inform the society about current research, start discussions on emerging research trends, and provide a platform for the development of new knowledge.   
 - Dr. Linda Daniela (University of Latvia, Latvia)   

 News & Media    
  How are Predatory Publishers Preying on Uninformed Scholars? Don’t Be a Victim    
   
  Open Access Approaches: Benefits for Researchers, Librarians, and Publishers    

 Journal Catalog 2021/2022    

  Request Information for Acquiring a Print Copy of International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR)    
 First Name   
     
 Last Name   
     
 Email   

 Submit   Cancel     

  International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR)   
 This journal converted to Gold Open Access on January 1, 2022   
 Editors-in-Chief:  Liang-Jie Zhang   (Shenzhen University, China), Chia-Wen Tsai   (Ming Chuan University, Taiwan)  
     
 Indexed In:  Compendex (Elsevier Engineering Index), INSPEC, SCOPUS, Web of Science Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and 22 more indices    
 Published:  Continuous Volume |  Established:  2004   
 ISSN:  1545-7362   |   EISSN:  1546-5004   |   DOI:  10.4018/IJWSR     

 Latest Published Articles   
 Published: Oct 31, 2024    
 Converted to Gold OA:    
 DOI: 10.4018/IJWSR.359984    
   
 Volume 21    
 Model Construction of College Engineering Drawing Teaching System Based on Artificial Intelligence Network Technology  Model Construction of College Engineering Drawing Teaching System Based on Artificial Intelligence Network Technology   Open Access Article  Special Issue    
    
 Ting Hu, Mengsi Zhan    
 The integration of artificial intelligence (AI) in education, particularly in engineering drawing courses, enhances content richness and engagement, stimulating student enthusiasm and improving... Show More     
 The integration of artificial intelligence (AI) in education, particularly in engineering drawing courses, enhances content richness and engagement, stimulating student enthusiasm and improving teaching quality. This paper examines the design of a multimedia teaching system incorporating virtual reality (VR) for engineering drawing. Key technologies such as graphics processing, 3D modeling, and dynamic databases are researched. Tools like Dreamweaver, Fireworks, SolidWorks, and 3DS MAX are used to create and integrate 3D models into web pages, forming a 3D model library. This library provides a flexible, content-rich, online learning environment that promotes self-study, enhances spatial imagination, and improves the quality of engineering drawing education. Establishing a virtual model library supports multimedia teaching and replaces traditional physical model rooms.   
   
 Download (PDF):  Article     
 Download Sample (PDF):  Article     
 Content Forthcoming    
 Add to Your Personal Library:  Article     
 Cite Article    Cite Article  MLA  
 Hu, Ting, and Mengsi Zhan. "Model Construction of College Engineering Drawing Teaching System Based on Artificial Intelligence Network Technology."  vol.21, no.1 2024: pp.1-17. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.359984    
 APA  
 Hu, T. & Zhan, M. (2024). Model Construction of College Engineering Drawing Teaching System Based on Artificial Intelligence Network Technology. , 21  (1), 1-17. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.359984    
 Chicago  
 Hu, Ting, and Mengsi Zhan. "Model Construction of College Engineering Drawing Teaching System Based on Artificial Intelligence Network Technology,"  21, no.1: 1-17. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.359984    
 Export Reference  

 Published: Oct 26, 2024    
 Converted to Gold OA:    
 DOI: 10.4018/IJWSR.357999    
   
 Volume 21    
 Clustering and Prioritization of Web Crowdsourced Test Reports Based on Text Classification  Clustering and Prioritization of Web Crowdsourced Test Reports Based on Text Classification   Open Access Article  Special Issue    
    
 Jingjing Liao, Lei Xiao, Xiaozhu Xie, Xiaodan Zhou, Yihao Li    
 In crowdsourced testing, prioritizing numerous test reports is critical for improving developer review efficiency. Many researchers have proposed methods for prioritizing crowdsourced test reports... Show More     
 In crowdsourced testing, prioritizing numerous test reports is critical for improving developer review efficiency. Many researchers have proposed methods for prioritizing crowdsourced test reports for mobile applications, however, web crowdsourced test reports usually contain more detailed text and more complex screenshots, which makes prioritizing them especially necessary. This paper proposes a prioritization method named TCDiv, based on the data characteristics of web crowdsourcing test reports. First, using a pre-trained TextCNN model, the text of each report is segmented into two parts: reproduction steps and defect descriptions. Then, features are extracted from textual and image information respectively, and clustering technique is utilized to classify similar reports, and finally the clustering results are ranked and sampled. To validate the approach, experiments were conducted on 717 web crowdsourced test reports. The results show that TCDiv can detect more different defects in a limited time, thus improving the review efficiency of the development team.   
   
 Download (PDF):  Article     
 Download Sample (PDF):  Article     
 Content Forthcoming    
 Add to Your Personal Library:  Article     
 Cite Article    Cite Article  MLA  
 Liao, Jingjing, et al. "Clustering and Prioritization of Web Crowdsourced Test Reports Based on Text Classification."  vol.21, no.1 2024: pp.1-19. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.357999    
 APA  
 Liao, J., Xiao, L., Xie, X., Zhou, X., & Li, Y. (2024). Clustering and Prioritization of Web Crowdsourced Test Reports Based on Text Classification. , 21  (1), 1-19. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.357999    
 Chicago  
 Liao, Jingjing, et al. "Clustering and Prioritization of Web Crowdsourced Test Reports Based on Text Classification,"  21, no.1: 1-19. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.357999    
 Export Reference  

 Published: Sep 11, 2024    
 Converted to Gold OA:    
 DOI: 10.4018/IJWSR.353899    
   
 Volume 21    
 Photovoltaic Power Prediction Based on NRS-PCC Feature Selection and Multi-Scale CNN-LSTM Network  Photovoltaic Power Prediction Based on NRS-PCC Feature Selection and Multi-Scale CNN-LSTM Network   Open Access Article  Special Issue    
    
 Junwei Ma, Min Zhao, Wendong Shen, Zepeng Yang, Xiaokun Yu, Shunfa Lu    
 To improve the quality of photovoltaic (PV) data and power prediction accuracy, a PV power prediction method based on neighborhood rough set and Pearson correlation coefficient (NRS-PCC) feature... Show More     
 To improve the quality of photovoltaic (PV) data and power prediction accuracy, a PV power prediction method based on neighborhood rough set and Pearson correlation coefficient (NRS-PCC) feature selection and multi-scale convolutional neural networks and long short-term memory (CNN-LSTM) network is proposed. We first calculate the correlation between different PV features based on PCC and select strongly correlated features to cross-multiply to get the fusion features to enrich the data source. Then, dimensionality reduction of the fusion features by NRS. Finally, correlation analysis based on PCC on the dimensionality reduction of the fusion features to screen out the effective features. Furthermore, a multi-scale CNN-LSTM is designed to predict PV power. The output vectors of different convolutional layers are first fused to extract multi-scale features, then the features of different scales are spliced as the input of the LSTM network, and finally, the LSTM network performs regression prediction. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified on a real PV power dataset.   
   
 Download (PDF):  Article     
 Download Sample (PDF):  Article     
 Content Forthcoming    
 Add to Your Personal Library:  Article     
 Cite Article    Cite Article  MLA  
 Ma, Junwei, et al. "Photovoltaic Power Prediction Based on NRS-PCC Feature Selection and Multi-Scale CNN-LSTM Network."  vol.21, no.1 2024: pp.1-15. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.353899    
 APA  
 Ma, J., Zhao, M., Shen, W., Yang, Z., Yu, X., & Lu, S. (2024). Photovoltaic Power Prediction Based on NRS-PCC Feature Selection and Multi-Scale CNN-LSTM Network. , 21  (1), 1-15. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.353899    
 Chicago  
 Ma, Junwei, et al. "Photovoltaic Power Prediction Based on NRS-PCC Feature Selection and Multi-Scale CNN-LSTM Network,"  21, no.1: 1-15. https://doi.org/10.4018/IJWSR.353899    
 Export Reference  

 View Full Table of Contents        

 Description, Mission, Scope & Coverage   
 Description:    
 The International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR) is the first refereed, international publication featuring the latest research findings and industry solutions involving all aspects of Web services technology. This journal covers advancements, standards, and practices of Web services, as... Show More    
 The International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR)  is the first refereed, international publication featuring the latest research findings and industry solutions involving all aspects of Web services technology. This journal covers advancements, standards, and practices of Web services, as well as identifies emerging research topics and defines the future of Web services on grid computing, multimedia, and communication. IJWSR provides an open, formal publication for high quality articles developed by theoreticians, educators, developers, researchers, and practitioners for those desiring to stay abreast of challenges in Web services technology.  

 Mission & Scope:    
 Web Services are among the most important emerging technologies in the e-business, computer software and communication industries. The Web Services technologies will redefine the way that companies do business and exchange information in twenty-first century. They will enhance business efficiency by enabling dynamic provisioning of resources from a pool of distributed resources. Due to the... Show More    
 Web Services are among the most important emerging technologies in the e-business, computer software and communication industries. The Web Services technologies will redefine the way that companies do business and exchange information in twenty-first century. They will enhance business efficiency by enabling dynamic provisioning of resources from a pool of distributed resources. Due to the importance of the field, there is a significant amount of ongoing research in the areas. In a parallel effort, standardization organizations are actively developing standards for Web Services. The Web Services are creating what will become one of the most significant industries of the new century. The International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR)  is designed to be a valuable resource providing leading technologies, development, ideas, and trends to an international readership of researchers and engineers in the field of Web Services.   
   
 Coverage:    
 Business grid 
  Business process integration and management using web services 
  Case studies for web services 
  Communication applications using web services 
  Composite web service creation and enabling infrastructures 
  Dynamic invocation mechanisms for web services 
  E-commerce applications using web services 
  Frameworks for building web service applications 
  Grid-based web services applications (e.g. OGSA) 
  Interactive TV applications using web services 
  Mathematic foundations for service oriented computing 
  Multimedia applications using web services 
  Quality of service for web services 
  Resource management for web services 
  Semantic services computing 
  SOAP enhancements 
  Solution management for web services 
  UDDI enhancements 
  Web services architecture 
  Web services discovery 
  Web services modeling 
  Web services performance 
  Web services security 

 Editorial Policy   
 IGI Global Scientific Publishing holds its journals to the highest ethical practices. View Full Editorial Policy    
 Publication Ethics Statement   
 IGI Global Scientific Publishing holds its journals to the highest ethical practices. View Full Publication Ethics Statement    
 Abstracting and Indexing   
    
 Compendex (Elsevier Engineering Index)   

 INSPEC   

 SCOPUS   

 Web of Science Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE)   

 Show More    

 Compendex (Elsevier Engineering Index)   

 INSPEC   

 SCOPUS   

 Web of Science Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE)   

 ABI/Inform   

 ACM Digital Library   

 Burrelle's Media Directory   

 Cabells   

 CSA Illumina   

 Current Contents®/Engineering, Computing, & Technology   

 DBLP   

 DEST Register of Refereed Journals   

 EBSCOhost's Library/Information Science & Technology Abstracts with FullTEXT   

 Excellence in Research for Australia   

 Gale Directory of Publications & Broadcast Media   

 GetCited   

 Google Scholar   

 JournalTOCs   

 Library & Information Science Abstracts (LISA)   

 MediaFinder   

 Norwegian Social Science Data Services (NSD)   

 The Index of Information Systems Journals   

 The Nordic List   

 The Standard Periodical Directory   

 UGC-CARE List (India)   

 Ulrich's Periodicals Directory   

 IGI Global Scientific Publishing Open Access   
   
 When you publish under the OA model with IGI Global Scientific Publishing, you enable your work to be viewed by millions of readers worldwide immediately after publication and you are able to experience our personal support and commitment to editorial service. This includes:   
 Timely Publication: | Quick Turnarounds & Prompt Peer Review (No Embargoes) 
  Continuous Support: | In-House, Personalized Service Throughout the Entire Process 
  Cutting-Edge Technology: | Proprietary Technologies & Integrations With Major Open Access Platforms 
  Diverse Options: | Individual APCs, Platinum Funding, Institutional Open Access Agreements, & More 
  Research Advancement First: | IGI Global Scientific Publishing Prioritizes Research Over Profit by Forfeiting Subscription Revenue 
  Unmatched Transparency: | Comprehensive Visibility in Processes, Licensing, & More 
  Rapid Transformation: | IGI Global Scientific Publishing is One of Few Publishers That Have Completed the Open Access Transition 
  Independence and Integrity: | IGI Global Scientific Publishing is Committed to Maintaining its Autonomy as an Independent Publisher 
  Medium-Sized, Yet Powerful: | IGI Global Scientific Publishing Offers Advantages of a Medium-Sized Publisher With the Reach of a Larger Publisher 
  Learn More    

 Article Processing Charges   
 Article Processing Charge (APC):    
 Payment of the APC fee (directly to the publisher) by the author or a funding body is not required until AFTER  the manuscript has gone through the full double-anonymized peer review process and the Editor(s)-in-Chief at his/her/their full discretion has/have decided to accept the manuscript based on the results of the double-anonymized peer review process.  
   
 What Does IGI Global Scientific Publishing's Open Access APC Cover?    
 In the traditional subscription-based model, the cost to the publisher to produce each article is covered by the revenue generated by journal subscriptions. Under OA, all the articles are published under a Creative Commons (CC BY) license; therefore, the authors or funding body will pay a one-time article processing charge (APC) to offset the costs of all of the activities associated with the publication of the article manuscript, including:  
 Digital tools used to support the manuscript management and review process 
  Typesetting, formatting and layout 
  Online hosting 
  Submission of the journal's content to numerous abstracts, directories, and indexes 
  Third-party software (e.g. plagiarism checks) 
  Editorial support which includes manuscript tracking, communications, submission guideline checks, and communications with authors and reviewers 
  All promotional support and activities which include metadata distribution, press releases, promotional communications, web content, ads, fliers, brochures, postcards, etc. for the journal and its published contents 
  The fact that all published articles will be freely accessible and able to be posted and disseminated widely by | the authors 
  Professional line-by-line English language copy editing and proofreading* 
  *This service is only performed on article manuscripts with fully paid (not discounted or waived) APC fees.   
 APC Subsidizing and Funding    
 To assist researchers in covering the costs of the APC in OA publishing, there are various sources of OA funding. Additionally, unlike many other publishers, IGI Global Scientific Publishing offers flexible subsidies, 100% Open Access APC funding, discounts, and more. Learn More   
   
 Open Access Funding Resources   
 IGI Global Scientific Publishing recognizes that many researchers may not know where to begin when searching for OA funding opportunities. IGI Global Scientific Publishing recently launched an Open Access Funding Resources  page for researchers to browse. This page provides a comprehensive list of OA funding sources available for researchers to secure funds for their various OA publications.   
 Submit to This Journal   
 This journal is currently actively seeking new submissions. Interested authors should ensure that their article manuscript adheres to the journal's submission guidelines  and before you write page  , which include originality of the manuscript, APA formatting information and examples, manuscript requirements, and more. To submit an article for consideration, please begin the submission process below. Submit        
   
 Reviews & Statements   
 This journal will fill a very important gap by focusing on in-depth academic research in the important area of Web Services.  
 – Hemant Jain, University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, USA    
 The Web-service technology provides a uniform infrastructure for Internet users and organizations to share heterogeneous information and software resources. IJWSR provides a medium for scholars and practitioners world-wide to publish their research and experimental results related to the technology and its applications.  
 – Stanley Su, University of Florida, USA    
 Web Services offer today's best hope for managing application integration (especially those created by numerous vendors) in the Internet environment. JWSR recognizes this opportunity, and as such, is well positioned to be a critical resource to the computer science community. Given the talent and track record of the founding editors and the goals they set for the journal, I am confident that JWSR will succeed and be valuable for a long time.  
 – Ephraim Feig, Kintera Inc., USA    

 Media   
 Videos:    

 Contact   
 All inquiries regarding IJWSR should be directed to the attention of:    
 Submission-Related Inquiries   
  Dr. Liang-Jie Zhang  
  Editor-in-Chief  
  International Journal of Web Services Research  
  E-mail: zhanglj@ieee.org   
   
  Dr. Chia-Wen Tsai  
  Editor-in-Chief  
  International Journal of Web Services Research  
  E-mail: jawen12b@gmail.com   

 Author Services Inquiries   
  For inquiries involving pre-submission concerns, please contact the Journal Development Division:  
  journaleditor@igi-global.com   
   
  Open Access Inquiries   
  For inquiries involving publishing costs, APCs, etc., please contact the Open Access Division:  
  openaccessadmin@igi-global.com   
   
  Production-Related Inquiries   
  For inquiries involving accepted manuscripts currently in production or post-production, please contact the Journal Production Division:  
  journalproofing@igi-global.com   
   
  Rights and Permissions Inquiries   
  For inquiries involving permissions, rights, and reuse, please contact the Intellectual Property & Contracts Division:  
  contracts@igi-global.com   
   
  Publication-Related Inquiries   
  For inquiries involving journal publishing, please contact the Acquisitions Division:  
  acquisition@igi-global.com   
   
  Discoverability Inquiries   
  For inquiries involving sharing, promoting, and indexing of manuscripts, please contact the Citation Metrics & Indexing Division:  
  indexing@igi-global.com   

 Editorial Office   
  701 E. Chocolate Ave.  
  Hershey, PA 17033, USA  
  717-533-8845 x100   
   
 Archiving   
 All of IGI Global Scientific Publishing's content is archived via the CLOCKSS and LOCKSS initiative. Additionally, all IGI Global Scientific Publishing published content is available in IGI Global Scientific Publishing's InfoSci ®  platform.   
 Ownership and Management   
 The International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR) is owned and published by IGI Global Scientific Publishing.  
 International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR) is editorially independent, with full authority of the journal's content falling to the Editor-in-Chief and the journal's Editorial Board  .  
 The In-House Editorial Office manages the publishing operations of the journal.  
 IGI Global Scientific Publishing  
  701 East Chocolate Avenue  
  Hershey, PA 17033  
  USA  
 Principal Contact   
  Grace Long  
  Managing Editor of Journal Development  
  IGI Global Scientific Publishing  
  Phone: (717) 533-8845 ext. 147  
  E-mail: glong@igi-global.com   
 Support Contact   
  Tessa Eberlein  
  Development Editor - International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR)  
  IGI Global Scientific Publishing  
  Phone: 717-533-8845  
  E-mail: teberlein@igi-global.com   

 Learn More   
 About IGI Global Scientific Publishing  | Partnerships  | COPE Membership  | Contact Us  | Job Opportunities  | FAQ  | Management Team    
 Resources For   
 Librarians  | Authors/Editors  | Distributors  | Instructors  | Translators    
 Media Center   
 Webinars  | Blogs  | Catalogs  | Newsletters    
 Policies   
 Privacy Policy  | Cookie & Tracking Notice  | Fair Use Policy  | Accessibility  | Ethics and Malpractice  | Rights & Permissions    

 Copyright © 1988-2024, IGI Global Scientific Publishing - All Rights Reserved   

   