    
     Home    
 Submit  Full Papers  Datasets, Posters, and Demos  Workshops  Tutorials  Mentoring    
   
 Attend    
   
 Schedule    
   
 Organization    
   
 Contact    

 All Deadlines  
 Submission deadlines before ICWSM-2025  
 All deadlines 23:59 PM Anywhere on Earth   
 1st Full-paper Deadline: May 15, 2024 (New submissions, and R&Rs from Jan 2024 submissions) [Notifications: July 15, 2024] 
  2nd Full-paper Deadline: September 15, 2024 (New submissions, and R&Rs from May 2024 submissions) [Notifications: Nov 15, 2024] 
  3rd Full-paper Deadline: January 15, 2025 (New submissions, and R&Rs from September 2024 submissions) [Notifications: March 15, 2025] 
  Demos Deadline: January 15, 2025 [Notifications: March 15, 2025] 
  Poster Deadline: January 15, 2025 [Notifications: March 15, 2025] 
  Dataset Deadline: January 15, 2025 [Notifications: March 15, 2025] 
  Tutorial Deadline: January 15, 2025 [Notifications: March 15, 2025] 
  Workshop Deadline: January 19, 2025 11:59 PM Anywhere on Earth [Notifications: Mon February 3rd, 2025] 
  Submission guidelines specific to Demos, Poster, Dataset, Tutorial and Workshop will be updated closer to that deadline.   
 Brief Full Paper Submission Information  
 Full Paper Submission Site (new submissions only - not revisions)   
 Register or log in to PCS account to access the above link 
  After registering/logging in, click on the Submissions tab and make the following selections from the dropdown menus: Society: AAAI. Conference/Journal: ICWSM 25. Track: ICWSM 25 January Submissions. 
  After clicking "Go" a placeholder submission will appear in the table below. Click on "Edit Submission" to add your paper details. 
  The submission will be marked complete when you have entered all the required fields, but you will still be able to make edits until submissions are closed. 
  The 2025 reviewing process will be similar to that of the 2024 process. The new, required  Paper Checklist  section introduced in 2024 will be continued this year and all papers accepted to ICWSM-2025 will be required to have this section. Papers to be considered for publication in the ICWSM proceedings, and presentation at the ICWSM-2025 conference, must be submitted by one of the remaining submission deadlines listed above. See also the Paper Checklist as PDF here.   
 Authors who receive the "Accept" recommendation will have the opportunity to respond to reviewer suggestions by making minor edits when preparing the camera-ready version. Authors who receive the "Revise and Resubmit" recommendation will have the opportunity to address reviewer suggestions and resubmit an improved manuscript in the next submission deadline.  
 Papers accepted no later than March 2025, will be presented at the ICWSM-2025 conference and will be published in the corresponding conference proceedings. Authors who receive "Revise and Resubmit" in March 2025 will likely be presenting during the 2026 conference if their papers get accepted during the next submission round in May 2025.  
 See the complete submission guidelines  below for more information.  
 Full Formatting Guidelines for Paper Submission  
 Content Guidelines   
 Format   : All papers must be submitted as high-resolution PDF files, formatted in AAAI two-column camera-ready style, for US Letter (8.5" x 11") paper, using Type 1 or TrueType fonts (available templates:  AAAI 2025 Author Kit on Overleaf  or  AAAI 2025 Author Kit.zip [Word | LaTeX]  ).  . Full papers are recommended to be 8 pages long, and must be at most 11 pages long, including only the main text and the references. The mandatory Ethics Checklist (and brief additional Ethics Statement, if desired, see below), optional appendices, etc. do not count toward the page limit and should be placed after the references. Appendices, if they exist, should be placed after the Ethics Checklist.  Revision papers and final camera-ready full papers can be up to 12 pages. No source files (Word or LaTeX) are required at the time of submission for review; only the PDF file is permitted. Finally, the copyright slug may be omitted in the initial submission phase, and no copyright form is required until a paper is accepted for publication.  
 Language   : All submission must be in English.   
 Anonymity   : ICWSM-2025 review is double-blind. Therefore, please anonymize your submission: do not put the author names or affiliations at the start of the paper, and do not include funding or other acknowledgments in papers submitted for review. References to authors' own prior relevant work should be included, but should not specify that this is the authors' own work. It is up to the authors' discretion how much to further modify the body of the paper to preserve anonymity. The requirement for anonymity does not extend outside of the review process, e.g. the authors can decide how widely to distribute their papers on the Web. Even in cases where the author's identity is known to a reviewer, the double-blind process will serve as a symbolic reminder of the importance of evaluating the submitted work on its own merits without regard to authors' reputation. Note that 2-page demo submissions and the dataset paper submissions, and only these, are exempt from the anonymization requirement as they often contain system URLs or URLs to data sharing services.   
 Revisions   : Papers that were previously submitted to ICWSM and received a "Revise and Resubmit " decision should be accompanied by a copy of the previous reviews and an author response statement. The response statement may be in any format, but many reviewers appreciate a response that begins with an overall summary and then includes a table, with each row containing a reviewer comment in the left cell, and author's response in the right cell. The response cell may explain why no changes were made, or may describe changes and direct the reviewer to a particular page, section, or figure, where the revised content appears. At the discretion of the Senior PC member handling the paper, the revised version may be sent back to some or all of the original reviewers for comment and evaluation, and may also be sent to additional reviewers.   
 REQUIRED  Ethics Guidelines:   In order to provide a balanced perspective, authors are required to include a new  checklist that describes the potential broader impact of their work and ethical considerations. Drawing on feedback from the 2023 ICWSM Town Hall and approaches used in other conferences, the 2024 ICWSM Program Committee Chairs have developed this checklist-based approach for the Ethics section of ICWSM papers submitted for the cycle 2023-2024 and 2024-2025. All papers should communicate the known or anticipated consequences of research via the paper checklist available as an Overleaf document   , and a PDF format   .  This completed and unaltered (i.e. no questions removed) checklist should come as the first section after the references of the paper. Authors may supplement this Paper Checklist (in the same section of the paper) with a brief discussion that expands on answers to the checklist where it is necessary to do so. Note that this section does not count towards the page limit, and that papers without such a statement will be desk-rejected.    
 Disclosure of funding and competing interests:   Authors are required to provide an explicit disclosure of funding (financial activities supporting the submitted work) and competing interests (related financial activities outside the submitted work) that could result in conflicts of interest, in a section (e.g., “Acknowledgments”) that should be added to the camera-ready version of accepted papers, but not in the version submitted for review (in order to maintain author anonymity). Furthermore, authors are required to read the  AAAI code of conduct and ethics guidelines   ; submitting to ICWSM implies that the authors agree to abide by these rules.  
 Resubmission:   Authors will need to declare if a previous version of their submission was rejected at any peer-reviewed venue, and, if so, summarize the changes made in the current version and include the original review. Authors of rejected papers from ICWSM may revise and submit their revised papers after 6 months of the date of the last decision, but not before. For example, papers submitted in the January round can be resubmitted to the September round (6 months after the decision in March) but not the May round. This decision was made to avoid paper rejections due to lack of time for revisions and to discourage authors from submitting papers that are not ready.   
 Policy on Authorship:   ICWSM'25 will adopt the following subsection of ACM's new policy on authorship  , restated here: Generative AI tools and technologies, such as ChatGPT, may not be listed as authors of an ACM published Work. The use of generative AI tools and technologies to create content is permitted but must be fully disclosed in the Work. For example, the authors could include the following statement in the Acknowledgements section of the Work: ChatGPT was utilized to generate sections of this Work, including text, tables, graphs, code, data, citations, etc. If you are uncertain about the need to disclose the use of a particular tool, err on the side of caution, and include a disclosure in the Acknowledgements section of the Work. Basic word processing systems that recommend and insert replacement text, perform spelling or grammar checks and corrections, or systems that do language translations are to be considered exceptions to this disclosure requirement and are generally permitted and need not be disclosed in the Work.   
   
 Duplicate Submissions  : ICWSM-2025 will not accept any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review for or has already been published or accepted for publication in a journal or conference. This restriction does not apply to submissions for non-archival workshops.  While we will not accept previously published papers, papers submitted as social sciences and sociophysics (not for publication) may be under review concurrently at a journal. If duplicate submissions are identified during the review process then:   
 All submissions from that author will be disqualified from the current ICWSM conference 
  And authors will not be permitted to submit papers to the ICWSM conference in the following year. 
  Conference Registration  : Authors will be contacted about how to register for the conference. General registration for this year’s conference will open soon. Stay tuned!   
 Publication  : All accepted papers and extended abstracts will be published in the conference proceedings, except for those submitted to the 'social sciences and sociophysics (not for publication)'; only abstracts will be published for those. Though initial submissions of full papers must not exceed 11 pages, full papers accepted for publication will be allocated up to twelve (12) pages in the conference proceedings to facilitate authors in addressing comments raised by the reviewers. Authors will be required to transfer copyright to AAAI.   
 Datasets  : ICWSM provides a service for hosting datasets pertaining to research presented at the conference. Authors of accepted papers will be encouraged to share the datasets on which their papers are based, while adhering to the terms and conditions of the data provider. Of these datasets, one will be selected for an award which will be based on the quality, scope, and timeliness of each dataset. More information will be available on our website.   

 Submission Information  
 Posters, Demos, and Datasets Site   
 Register or log in to | PCS | account to access the above link 
  After registering/logging in, click on the Submissions tab, and make the following selections from the dropdown menus: Society: AAAI. Conference/Journal: ICWSM 25. Track: ICWSM 25 Posters, Demos, and Datasets. 
  After clicking "Go" a placeholder submission will appear in the table below. Click on "Edit Submission" to add your paper details. 
  The submission will be marked complete when you have entered all the required fields, but you will still be able to edit it until submissions are closed. 
  Posters and Demos  
 Poster papers must be no longer than 5 pages (excluding the mandatory ethics checklist), with page 5 containing nothing but references. Demo descriptions must be no longer than 3 pages (excluding the mandatory ethics checklist), with page 3 containing nothing but references. Both types of submissions must follow the same formatting guidelines as full papers, in particular using a 2-column format. The submission deadline for both posters and demos is January 15, 2025.  
 The reviewing process for posters and demos will follow the same pattern as in previous years. Submissions will either be accepted or rejected. Authors of accepted submissions will be able to respond to reviewer suggestions by making minor edits when preparing the camera-ready version. Poster and demo papers will not have a revise and resubmit phase. Poster and Demo submissions are double-blind, and require the Ethics Checklist described in the guidelines  .  
 Datasets  
 Dataset paper submissions must be between 2-10 pages long, including references but excluding the mandatory "Ethics Checklist" section, and will be part of the full proceedings. Submissions will either be accepted or rejected without an option to revise and resubmit. Authors of accepted submissions will have the opportunity to respond to reviewer suggestions by making minor edits when preparing the camera-ready version. All papers must follow the AAAI formatting guidelines. Please refer to the guidelines for submission  . We also encourage authors to submit a small sample of the dataset (maximum of 10MB, in csv, txt, json, or other readable formats) to aid the reviewers. This should be submitted as supplementary material on the Precision Conference system.  
 The submissions must comprise (i) a dataset or group of datasets, and (ii) a paper describing the content quality, structure, potential uses of the dataset(s), as well as the methodology employed for data collection. Furthermore, descriptive statistics may be included in the metadata; however, more sophisticated analyses should be included in regular paper submissions. The review will be single-blind, and all datasets must be identified and uploaded at the time of submission.  
 Datasets and metadata must be published using a dataset-sharing service (e.g. Zenodo  , datorium  , dataverse  , or any other dataset-sharing service that indexes your dataset and metadata and increase the re-findability of the data) that provides a DOI for the dataset, which must be included in the dataset paper submission.  
 Authors are encouraged to:  
 Include a description of how they intend to make their datasets | FAIR | . 
  Consider addressing the questions covered in the | Datasheets for Datasets | recommendations. 
  Page Limits  
 Dataset Paper (2 to 10 pages, including references, excluding paper checklist) 
  Poster Paper (up to 5 pages including references, excluding paper checklist) 
  Demo Paper (up to 3 pages including references, excluding paper checklist) 

 Deadline:  Sun January 19th, 2025 11:59 PM Anywhere on Earth  
  Notifications:  Mon February 3rd, 2025   
 The ICWSM-2025 Committee invites proposals for Workshops Day at the 19th International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM-2025). The Workshops Day will be held on June 23rd, 2025. Workshop participants will have the opportunity to meet and discuss issues with a selected focus -- providing an informal setting for active exchange among researchers and developers from a wide range of disciplines, including social science and computer science. Workshops are an excellent forum for exploring emerging approaches and task areas bridging gaps between the social sciences and computing, and elucidating the results of exploratory research.   
 Members of the social media research community are encouraged to submit proposals. To foster interaction and exchange of ideas, the workshops will be kept small, with up to 40 participants.   
 The format of workshops will be determined by their organizers. The two main criteria for the selection of the workshops will be the following:   
 The organizers encourage workshops that promote different types of activities, including challenges, games, brainstorming, and networking sessions. The organizers discourage workshops that are structured as mini-conferences dominated by long talks and short discussions. Workshops should leave ample time for discussions and interaction between the participants and should also encourage the submission and presentation of position papers that discuss new research ideas. 
  The workshop should have the potential to attract the interest of researchers in computer science and social science. Proposals involving people of different backgrounds in the organizing committee and addressing topics at the intersection of different disciplines will have a higher chance of acceptance. 
  Workshop organizers who want to publish the papers from their workshop (or significant portions of it) will have the opportunity to do so through workshop proceedings by the AAAI Press. For a list of last year's workshops see here  .   
 Workshop Proposal Contents   
 Proposals for workshops should be no more than five (5) pages in length (10pt, single column with reasonable margins), written in English, and should contain the following:   
 A concise title. 
  The names, affiliations, and contact information of the organizing committee. A main contact author should be specified. 
  An indication as to whether the workshop should be considered for a half-day or full-day meeting. 
  A short abstract describing the scope and main objective of the workshop. Identify the specific issues and research questions the workshop will focus on, with a brief discussion of why the topic is of particular interest at this time and for which research communities. 
  A two/three paragraph description of the workshop topic and themes. 
  A description of the proposed workshop format and a detailed list of proposed activities with special emphasis on those activities that distinguish it from a mini-conference (e.g., games brainstorming sessions, challenges, group activities). 
  An approximate timeline of the activities. 
  A description of how workshop submissions will be evaluated and selected (invited contributions, peer review: single/double blind, etc.). In case a PC is needed, provide a tentative list of the members. 
  Historical information about the workshop, if available. Short description of the previous editions reporting highlights and details about the approximate number of attendees and number of submissions. 
  A list of other related workshops held previously at related conferences, if any (list does not have to be exhaustive), together with a brief statement on how the proposed workshop differs from or how it follows-up on work presented at previous workshops. 
  A short bio for each member of the organizing committee, including a description of their relevant expertise. Strong proposals include organizers who bring differing perspectives to the workshop topic and who are actively connected to the communities of potential participants. 
  A brief statement on whether any generative AI tools were used to generate ideas for the workshop or the workshop activities. Workshop organizers strongly discourage the use of generative AI to come up with workshop ideas and activities. 
  Please use the AAAI Author Kit  to format your submission. Your proposal should be emailed in a single file to the workshop chairs (Luca Rossi, Shruti Phadke, and Akhil Arora) at workshops@icwsm.org  before the deadline. For additional information please contact the workshop chairs at the same address.   

 ICWSM-2025 invites proposals for Tutorials Day at the 19th International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM). ICWSM-2025 is seeking proposals for tutorials on topics related to the computational analysis and understanding of social phenomena in the following formats:   
 Lecture-style:   Traditional tutorials to teach concepts, methodologies, tools, and software packages. Tutorials on novel and fast growing directions and significant applications are highly encouraged. The conference is paying particular attention to themes around new perspectives in social theories, as well as computational algorithms for analyzing new forms of social media. Lecture-style tutorials on these themes are highly encouraged.   
 Hands-on:   Interactive, in-depth, hands-on training on cutting edge systems and tools (with a proven track record in the community), targeted at novice as well as moderately skilled users, with a focus on providing an engaging experience. The pace of the tutorial should be set such that beginners can follow along comfortably.   
 Translation:   Tutorials that aim to translate concepts between disciplines. For example, such a tutorial could introduce social science concepts to computer scientists, or computational concepts to social scientists. Thus these tutorials should be geared towards a beginner audience.   
 Case study:   Focused tutorials that emphasize real world applications of ICWSM work. These tutorials should walk the audience through how research insights and tools were applied in practice. We welcome submissions from practitioners in industry, government, and NGOs in addition to academics.   
 Free-style:   We also welcome proposals for creative and unconventional training sessions, such as hackathons competitions/challenges, etc., as long as participants can learn practical skills and participate in an active way.   
 We welcome tutorials of various lengths (1, 2, 4, or up to 8 hours). We are looking for contributions from experts in both the social and computational sciences, in industry, academia, and beyond. For a list of tutorials from previous years, we encourage you to visit the tutorials page for 2018  , 2019  , 2020  , 2021  , 2022  , 2023  , and 2024  . We especially encourage applications from first-time proposers and scholars with   
 Acceptance Criteria   
 The format will be entirely determined by the tutorial organizers—i.e., you! Proposals will be selected for inclusion considering the following criteria:   
 Relevance, interest, and value of the topic to ICWSM attendees and research communities. 
  Cross-pollination potential. Tutorials that attract an interdisciplinary audience will be given preference. The proposals should highlight, when applicable, the tutorial's potential to transfer knowledge from one discipline/area to another. 
  Interactivity. We will favor tutorials that aim to include hands-on experiences collaborative approaches, and interactivity. 
  Completeness, clarity, and quality of the proposal and materials, including the schedule of the tutorial. 
  Expertise of the presenters. 
  Proposals of tutorials presented at past events are allowed, although novelty is a plus. The tutorial chairs may also reach out to potential tutorial presenters about a change in format length depending on expected increased interest or capacity constraints.   
 Tutorial Proposal Content and Format   
 Proposals for tutorials should be no more than three (3) pages in length. Proposal submissions should include the following information:   
 Title.  A concise title. 
  Abstract.  A short description (200 words) of the main objective of the tutorial, to be published on the main ICWSM website. 
  Type.  The type of tutorial you are proposing: lecture-style, hands-on, translation case study, or free-style. 
  Names, affiliations, emails, and personal websites of the tutorial organizers.  A main contact author should be specified. A typical proposal should include no more than three presenters (more people can be involved in the organization). 
  Duration.  A short timeline description of how you plan to break down the material over the proposed duration (1, 2, 4, or 8 hours). Please mention here the proposed duration, but keep in mind that the Tutorial Chairs might conditionally accept a proposal and suggest a different duration to best fit the organization of the whole event. 
  Tutorial schedule and activities.  A description of the proposed tutorial format, a schedule of the proposed activities (e.g., presentations, interactive sessions) along with a *detailed* description for each of them. 
  Target audience, prerequisites and outcomes.  A description of the target audience, the prerequisite skill set for the attendee (if any) as well as a brief list of goals for the tutors to accomplish by the end of the tutorial. 
  Materials.  The organizers of accepted tutorials will be required to set up a web page containing all the information for the tutorial attendees before the tutorial day (roughly 2 weeks before the tutorial day). The proposal should contain the list of materials that will be made available on the website. 
  Past precedent  (when available). A list of other tutorials held previously at related conferences, if any, together with a brief statement on how the proposed tutorial relates to previous events. If the authors of the proposal have organized other tutorials in the past, pointers to the relevant material (e.g., slides, videos, web pages, code) should be provided. 
  Additional info for hands-on tutorials:    
 Operating system and required installed tools on attendees' devices. 
  List of software licenses required for the tools. 
  Setup instructions for attendees. (The setup should not take more than 1 hour to complete.) 
  Please use the AAAI 2025 Author Kit on Overleaf  or AAAI 2025 Author Kit.zip [Word | LaTeX]  to format your submission. If you have questions on any of the submission requirements or for presubmission feedback/questions, please reach out to the tutorial chairs (Tunazzina Islam, Pablo Aragón, and Shadi Rezapour) at the address tutorials@icwsm.org  .   

 ICWSM 2025 will offer a new and experimental mentoring scheme for first-time ICWSM authors. Interested authors can submit a complete manuscript by August 1, 2024, 23:59 AoE. Qualifying manuscripts will receive written feedback from a Senior PC member by August 22 on how their manuscript can be improved. We hope that authors can incorporate the feedback and submit an improved manuscript in the regular ICWSM submission cycle  by September 15, 2024.  
 This scheme’s goal is to support young scholars, in particular in low-and-middle-income countries, and to increase ICWSM’s appeal to scholars in adjacent communities.  
  
  Before submitting your manuscript via a web form  , you will need to confirm that:  
 None of the authors has any prior ICWSM full papers, not counting poster, dataset or workshop papers. 
  Your manuscript is complete (typically 7-11 pages in a two-column format) without any missing sections. 
  You are available to substantially revise your paper between August 22 and September 15. 
  The manuscript presents academic research related to “the Web and social media”, broadly defined. 
   
  We also ask you to check whether the first author’s affiliation country qualifies as a low, lower-middle, or upper-middle income economy according to the World Bank classification  . Authors from these countries will be given priority if mentoring demand exceeds mentoring capacity.  
 Similarly, in the submission form, we ask about prior experience with non-full-paper publications, e.g. dataset, poster or workshop publications, and about prior ICWSM attendance. Authors without any ICWSM experience will be given priority if mentoring demand exceeds mentoring capacity.  
 While not required, we suggest you follow the formatting guidelines  for ICWSM 2024 to save the time needed later for reformatting. However please include the author and affiliation information in the manuscript for the mentoring scheme.  
  
  Disclaimers:  
 We have limited capacity and cannot guarantee that your manuscript will receive mentoring. 
  Successful participation in the mentoring scheme does not guarantee your paper will be accepted for publication at ICWSM 2025. In particular, the paper, if submitted by Sep 15, 2024, will be handled by a different SPC member, who will not be informed of the paper’s mentoring history. 
   
  To participate please submit your document using this web form  no later than Aug 1, 2024, 23:59 Anywhere on Earth  .  
   
  (ICWSM-2025 PC Chairs | pc.chairs@icwsm.org)  
 dataset@icwsm.org  
 workshops@icwsm.org  
 tutorials@icwsm.org  
 2025@icwsm.org  

  