    
   
 Submissions | Regular Paper Track 
  Why Submit to IDA? 
  PhD forum 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Attending | Venue & Travel 
  Registration 
  Organization | Chairs 

 Submissions | Regular Paper Track 
  Why Submit to IDA? 
  PhD forum 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Attending | Venue & Travel 
  Registration 
  Organization | Chairs 

 Regular paper track  

 The Symposium on Intelligent Data Analysis (IDA) 2025 will take place May 7-9, 2025, in Konstanz, Germany.  
  
 Advancing Intelligent Data Analysis requires novel, potentially game-changing ideas. IDA’s mission is to promote ideas over performance: a solid motivation can be as convincing as an exhaustive empirical evaluation. Therefore, IDA accepts inspiring papers for both presentation and publication. The IDA symposium is intentionally small-scale and single-track to create an open atmosphere that encourages discussion. In addition, IDA awards the Frontier Prize every year, recognizing the most visionary contributions.  
  
 Submissions will undergo a single-blind review process; author identities are known to reviewers. The conventional reviewing process favors incremental advances on established work and can discourage the kinds of papers that IDA 2025 aims to publish. The reviewing process will address this issue explicitly: referees will evaluate papers based on novelty, technical quality, potential impact, and clarity. Furthermore, each submission will be reviewed by one of the senior program committee (SPC) members. Any paper for which an SPC makes a convincing argument about how it addresses the symposium’s goals will be accepted independent of the overall review score.  
 All accepted paper contributions will be published in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series  by Springer-Verlag.  

 Formatting instructions  
 Contributions written in English must be formatted according to the guidelines of the Lecture Notes of Computer Science (LNCS) series by Springer-Verlag. These guidelines, along with templates, are available here: https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  .  
  
 We strongly recommend using the LNCS template for LaTeX. The page limit for any contribution, including figures, title pages, references, and appendices, is 10 to 12 pages in LNCS format. Submission of the camera-ready version of the paper has to include the authors’ consent to publish on the above Springer LNCS website.  
  
 Authors may not submit any paper that is under review elsewhere or that has been accepted for publication in a journal or another conference; neither will they submit their papers elsewhere during the review period of IDA 2025. The authors, their contact information, or affiliations may not be changed after the paper submission deadline. If the paper is accepted, at least one of the authors must register for the conference and present the paper in person in Konstanz.  

 Submission  
 Papers must be submitted electronically in PDF format. The submission interface is available here:   
 Microsoft CMT – Regular Track Submission   
  
 Abstract submission deadline: November 22, 2024 
  Paper submission deadline: November 29, 2024 
  Notification of acceptance: January 31, 2025 
  You have to submit your abstract and title by November 22 and the corresponding full papers by November 29. All dates are specified as 23:59 SST (Standard Samoa Time / Anywhere on Earth)  
 Call for paper as a text file   
  
 FAQ  
 Does IDA have a ‘double-blind’ peer-reviewing policy?   
 No, IDA uses standard single-blind peer-reviewing, meaning that reviewers are unknown to the authors, but authors are known to the reviewers. This implies that authors should not hide their identity in the paper.  
 What should I do if my paper is longer than the page limit?   
 Shorten it; submissions that deviate from the guidelines may be rejected without consideration. The length of the contribution, including figures, title pages, references and appendices, must be between 10-12 pages for the Proceedings Track.  
 Will there be a separate call for the PhD forum?   
 Yes, you will find the Call for PhD forum here  .  
 I am PhD student and would like to submit a full paper. To which track should I submit?   
 You should submit your paper to the regular paper track. The PhD forum offers PhD student to give a short presentation about their work and collect feedback, but it does not provide full-paper publications.  
 Can I post my submitted paper on ArXiv.org?   
 Yes, posting your submitted paper on a self-archiving website is allowed.  
  
 Proceedings from previous IDA symposia  
 Proceedings from previous IDA symposia have appeared in the same series in the years 2024  , 2023  , 2022  , 2021  , 2020  , 2018  , 2017  , 2016  , 2015  , 2014  , 2013  , 2012  , 2011  , 2010  , 2009  , 2007  , 2005  , 2003  , 2001  , 1999  , and in 1997  .  

 Social and contact  

 Twitter 
  Facebook 
  Mail 

 Search   Search    

 © 2024 Symposium on Intelligent Data Analysis (IDA 2025)   

    