    MEDINFO 2025 
  Call For Submissions 
  Visitor Information | About Taiwan 
  About Taipei 
  Travel To Taipei 
  VISA Information 
  Congress Information | History of MedInfo 
  About IMIA 
  About TAMI 
  Leadership 
  Venue & Transportation 
  Registration Information 
  Advisory Board 
  Partner | Partner with us 
  Sponsor Program 
  Sign Up 

 Call for Submissions  

 Submission Deadline ~ 2024/12/4 (EST)   
  
  MedInfo 2025  call for submissions is open!  
   
 We are pleased to invite the Health Informatics and Digital Health global community to join us in Taipei from August 9-13, 2025 and contribute to MedInfo 2025’s Conference Program. The conference not only spans the spectrum of subdisciplines in medical and biomedical informatics, but also Digital Health experiences, bridging the important work being done to continue to improve patient outcomes through equitable and accessible health care for everyone around the world.  
 The MedInfo 2025 Scientific Program and Local Organizing committee invite you to submit a scientific paper or poster for peer review, to organize a workshop, tutorial, panel, or to submit an abstract under Digital Health Experiences stream. Under the MedInfo 2025 theme of Healthcare Smart  x Medicine Deep   , the program will be built around the following 5 tracks, addressing a variety of themes and topics:  
 Information and Knowledge Management  Information Standards: Interoperability; Terminology; Ontology; Metadata 
  Information Management: Electronic Health Records; Data Quality; Registries & Health Information Exchange; Medical Device Integration; Security, Privacy & Consent 
  Computable Knowledge: Guideline Implementation; Decision Support; Artificial Intelligence; Curation 
  Quality, Safety and Outcomes  Evaluation: Methods; Healthcare Quality & Patient Safety; Legal, Ethical & Regulatory; Safety & Security 
  Quality Improvement: New Service Delivery Models; Measuring Outcomes; Counterfactual Modelling; Digital Health Equity 
  Innovation: Emerging Technologies; Novel Applications; Governance, Change & Adoption 
  Patient-Facing Technology: Personal Health Records; Symptom Checkers; Fitness Trackers; Social Media, Telehealth & Remote Monitoring 
  Health Data Science & Artificial Intelligence  Methods: Generative AI; Natural Language Processing; Predictive Analytics; Deep Learning; Blockchain; Data Visualization; Simulation; Process Mining; Data Cleansing; Explainability; Privacy-Preserving AI; Speech Processing 
  Applications: Disease Surveillance; Biomedical Imaging & Image Analysis; Population Health; Personalized Health; Ethical Implications; Scalable Infrastructures; Clinical Trials 
  Human, Organisational and Social Aspects  User Experience: UI/UX Design; Human-Computer Interaction; Workflow & Ergonomics; Patient-Clinician Communication; Trust & Governance 
  Health Policy and Ethics: Integrating with Mental Health, Social & Community Care; Learning Health Systems; Citizen Co-Design; Consumer Perspectives 
  Health Informatics Education: Formal Education; Continuing Professional Development; Workforce Development; Online Learning; Serious Gaming; Health Information Literacy 
  Global Health Informatics  One Health: Health Systems Sustainability; Interdependent Human, Animal, & Environmental Ecosystem; Mental & Emotional Well-Being; Biodiversity; Food security; Economics 
  Public Health: Governance, Risk, Policy, Leadership; Universal Health Coverage; Sustainable Development Goals; Disaster Management; Healthcare Access & Equity; Social Determinants 

 Scientific Program - Papers and Posters Submissions  
   
 Submissions are accepted through the scientific peer-reviewed process led by the MedInfo 2025 Scientific Program Committee. This is the traditional component of the program that MedInfo has continuously offered to the Health, Medical and Biomedical Informatics global community since it's inception. Accepted submissions for the Scientific Program are published in the MedInfo 2025 Proceedings and are PubMed indexed.   

 Paper Submissions  
  Description:  
   Full papers are original works submitted for publication in the conference proceedings by IOS Press and PubMed indexed.  
 Length:  
   Cannot exceed 5 pages, including references.  
 Format:  
   must adhere to the strict IOS template and guidelines.  
 Structure:  
   Title, Abstract, Introduction, Methods, Results, Discussion, Conclusions, and References.  
 Presentation:  
   Accepted paper submissions must be presented in person at MedInfo 2025 and will be provided a dedicated 10-minute slot in the program, additional time will be provided for questions and discussion. At least one of the authors must be registered for each accepted paper submission.  

 Poster Submissions  
  Description:  
   Poster submissions typically present ongoing work and preliminary results.  
 Length:  
   Cannot exceed 2 pages, including references.  
 Format:  
   must adhere to the strict IOS template and guidelines.  
 Structure:  
   Title and abstract which including Introduction, Methods, Results, Discussion, Conclusions.  
 Presentation:  
   Accepted poster submissions will be presented as e-posters on dedicated screens at MedInfo 2025 and at least one of the authors must be registered for each accepted poster submission.  

 All accepted submissions are will be require to have at least one author to register and present in person at MedInfo 2025. (Click here to download IOS Press Book Article Word Template  )    

 Workshop, Tutorial & Panel Proposals  
   
 Proposals are accepted by review by the MedInfo 2025 Scientific Program Committee and Local Organizing Committee, these proposals do not undergo a peer reviewed process and are not published in the MedInfo 2025 Proceedings.   

 Workshop proposal  
   
 Description:  A workshop is aimed at engaging the audience and collaborative working around a specific topic. In a workshop, the organizers operate on equal footing with the audience rather than as experts or thought leaders.  
 Length:  A total of 3 pages in length including references (if any).  
 Structure:  Workshop proposals must contain a general description of the topic proposed in appropriate headings and need not contain or adhere to all of the structured headings provided in the template. Brief biographies of the workshop organizers as well as their specific contributions to the workshop must be provided. There may be 2-5 organizers for workshops.  
 Presentation:  Accepted proposals for Workshops will be scheduled for August 9 and 10 and scheduled for 90 minutes as part of the conference program. Workshop organizers must be register for the conference.  

 Tutorial proposal  
   
 Description:  Tutorials are educational or teaching sessions that address a specific topic in the field of informatics.  
 Length:  A total of 3 pages in length including references (if any).  
 Structure:  Tutorial proposals must contain a general description of the topic proposed in appropriate headings and need not contain or adhere to all of the structured headings provided in the template. Brief biographies of the organizers/lecturers as well as their specific contributions to the tutorial must be provided There may be 2-5 organizers/lecturers for tutorials.  
 Presentation:  Accepted proposals for Tutorials will be scheduled for August 9 and 10 and scheduled for and can be scheduled as either a half day session (3 hours) or full day session (6 hours – with breaks) as part of the conference program.  

 Panel proposal  
   
 Description:  A panel typically features 3-5 panelists giving a brief presentation or making a position statement, followed by at least 30 minutes of discussion and active audience interaction and participation. Panelists are thought leaders in the relevant field.  
 Length:  A total of 3 pages in length including references (if any).  
 Structure:  Panel proposals must contain a general description of the topic of the proposed panel in appropriate headings and need not contain or adhere to all of the structured headings provided in the template. Brief biographies of the panelists as well as their specific contributions to the panelists must be provided.  
 Presentation:  Accepted proposals for Panels will be scheduled from August 9 through August 13 and are scheduled for 90-minute session as part of the conference program.  

 Note: Abstracts for all accepted submissions will be published in the online program. More specific details for presentations will be provided upon notice of acceptance.    

 Authors are restricted to presenting only one paper, poster, or abstract at MedInfo, even if they have multiple accepted submissions. However, this restriction does not apply to authors invited to participate in panels, workshops, or tutorials. In exceptional or unavoidable situations, the MedInfo organizers may consider individual exceptions in consultation with the authors or submitters.  

 Submission    

     MEDINFO 2025   
 BROUGHT TO YOU BY  

 Located  
  Taipei, Taiwan  
   
 Contact Info  
 1 Hsin-Yi Road,Section 5,Taipei 11049,Taiwan ROC   
  contact@medinfo2025.org   
   
 Copyrights - Designed by Medical Integration Co., Ltd.  for MEDINFO 2025  

   