Newcastle University | » 
  IDEAS 2025 | » Calls & Authors 

 IDEAS 2025    
  IDEAS 2025     

 Skip to content  Home 
  Calls & Authors | Topics 
  Information for Authors 
  Organization 
  Conference Venue 
  About Newcastle/Gateshead 
  Keynotes 

 Topics 
  Information for Authors 

 Calls & Authors  
  
 Call for Papers  
  Call for Papers (PDF Flyer)  PDF   
 The annual IDEAS conference is a top international forum for data engineering researchers, practitioners, developers, and application users to explore revolutionary ideas and results and exchange techniques, tools, and experiences. We invite the participation of all interested in this meeting, which provides insight into original research contributions relating to all aspects of database engineering defined broadly, particularly topics of emerging interest describing work on integrating new technologies into products and applications, experiences with existing and novel techniques, and the identification of unsolved challenges.  
 Important Dates for Papers:  
 Paper Submission Deadline | : 15th of May 2025, AoE 
  Notification of Acceptance | : 13 | th | of June 2025, AoE 
  Conference | : 14 | th | – 16 | th | July 2025 
  Organization: Sponsor Opportunities  
 The conference welcomes industrial collaboration by allowing them to present their product with stands, participate in the Industry Forum, or also give a demo/keynote session live. These donations will also help to partially support the following activities: (i) corroborate social events associated to IDEAS'25, and (ii) support the travel costs of invited speakers (where necessary). IDEAS will support the following level of sponsorships:  
 Gold Sponsorship | : Stand with demo opportunity also at the Industry Forum (if held), advertisement in the conference and gadgets, keynote session or demo, the moderator in the Industry Forum (to be held if we can attract sufficient companies, >5). 
  Silver sponsorship | : Conference stand, advertisement in the conference website, participate in the Industry Forum (to be held if we can attract sufficient companies, >5). 
  Bronze Sponsorship | : Conference stand, advertisement on the conference website. 
  Please consider contacting giacomo.bergami@newcastle.ac.uk  for further information.  
 This is an in-person conference!  
 We are glad to announce that IDEAS will be back for an in-person conference! We look forward to welcoming the participants to Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK. However, we will keep monitoring the pandemic situation to decide later if remote participation would be possible for those with travel restrictions.  
 ‎  

 IDEAS 2025  
  
 School of Computing  
 Newcastle University, NE4 5TG, United Kingdom  

 Connect with us  

 Top    