  AIDE-2025   
   
 Home 
  About the Conference 
  Invited Speakers 
  Important Dates 
  For Authors | Call for Papers 
  Submit Paper 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Submission Deadlines 
  Registration 
  Important Dates 
  Proceedings | AIDE 2019 
  AIDE 2020 
  AIDE 2022 
  AIDE 2023 
  Committee Members 
  Contact 

 IEEE Technically co-sponsored International Conference on  
 Artificial Intelligence and Data Engineering (AIDE)  
 06 - 07, February 2025  

 About the Conference  
 With the resurgence of Machine Intelligence, Neural Networks, and Huge Data, Artificial Intelligence and Data Engineering have become extremely active areas of research. The purpose of the International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Data Engineering 2025 (AIDE-2025) is to promote research in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Engineering (DE), and scientific exchange among AI and DE researchers, practitioners and academicians from Artificial Intelligence community, Data Engineering community and its affiliated disciplines to create an approach towards a global exchange of information on technological advances and new scientific innovations. AIDE-2025 will have diverse technical tracks, Invited speakers on innovative applications of AI and DE from eminent scientists across the globe, poster sessions and pre-conference workshop. AIDE-2025 welcomes submissions on mainstream AI and DE topics as well as novel crosscutting work in related areas. The theme of the conference revolves around four verticals Artificial Intelligence, Ambient Intelligence, Machine Vision & Robotics, and Data Science & Engineering.  
 AIDE 2025 is techmically co-sponsored by IEEE Bangalore section and IEEE Mangalore subsectionm. The IEEE conference record number of AIDE 2025 is #64228. The proceedings of AIDE 2025 will be forwarded for the possible inclusion in the IEEE Xplore, the digital library of IEEE whcih is indexed in major databases. The ISBN number of XPLORE COMPLIANT is 979-8-3315-2751-8. You are cordially invited to participate in the conference AIDE-2025 which will be held at N.M.A.M. Institute of Technology, Nitte, Karkala, Karnataka, India, 06 - 07, February 2025.  
  
  View NMAMIT In Maps    
   
 The Theme of the Conference  
 The conference AIDE-2025 aims at providing a platform to researchers, practitioners, scientists, scholars, and engineers to share their expertise and contribute to technical innovations in the area of Artificial Intelligence, Data Engineering and its affiliated disciplines. The core themes of the conference include: Intelligent Systems, Cognitive Systems Computational Intelligence, Bio-Inspired Models (including Neural Networks, Evolutionary Computation and Swarm Intelligence), Agents and Hybrid Intelligent Systems, and Real-world Applications of Intelligent Techniques, the Big Data challenges, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Information Retrieval and Management. The conference will be held at N.M.A.M. Institute of Technology, Nitte, Karnataka, India. For details about the institute please visit nmamit.nitte.edu.in   

 Invited Speakers  

 Prof. In-Ho Ra  
 Professor  
 School of Computer and Software Kunsan National University Gunsan, South Korea, 54150  

 Call For Papers  
 AIDE-2025 is being organized by N.M.A.M. Institute of Technology, Nitte, Karnataka, India. A series of Keynote Talks, followed by paper presentations have been planned to foster strong networking among the delegates. AIDE-2025 solicits paper submissions across four tracks as listed below. Kindly note that the submissions are not limited to the topics mentioned in each track.  
  
  Papers SHOULD NOT HAVE the author details such as any of the author names and their affiliations. To submit papers, you can log into your CMT at : https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/AIDE2025   

 Scope  
 Topics of interest include all aspects of Artificial Intelligence and Data Engineering including, but not limited to:  
 Artificial Intelligence 
  Machine Vision & Robotics 
  Ambient Intelligence 
  Data Engineering 
   
  Artitficial Intelligence   
 Deep Learning   
 Neural Networks   
 Machine Learning   
 Computational Intelligence   
 Cognitive Computing   
 Fuzzy Logic   
 Expert Systems   
 Brain-machine Interfaces   
 Ant Colony Optimization   
 Natural Language Processing   
 Bioinformatics and Computational Biology   
 Cloud Computing   

  Machine Vision & Robotics   
 Human Computer Interaction   
 Pattern Recognition   
 Computer Vision   
 Geographic Information Systems   
 Signal Processing   
 Segmentation Techniques   
 Augmented Reality   
 Virtual Reality   
 Humanoid Robots   
 Autonomous Robots   
 Mobile Robots   
 Walking and Climbing Robots   

  Ambient Intelligence   
 Smart Cities   
 Smart Healthcare   
 Smart Agriculture   
 Internet Of Things   
 Ubiquitous Computing   
 Affective Computing   
 Ambient Assisted Living   
 Intelligent Transportation   
 Agents and Multi-agent Systems   
 Sensing and Sensor Networks   
 Intelligent Database System   

  Data Engineering   
 Big Data Challenge   
 Data Science   
 High Performance Computing   
 Data Warehousing System Architecture   
 Data Mining And Knowledge Discovery   
 Data Privacy and Security   
 Distributed, Parallel, and P2P Data Processing and Management   
 Information Extraction and Retrieval   
 Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration   
 Scalable Analytics, Graph Data, Web Data and Social Networks   
 Strings, Texts, and Keyword Search   
 Benchmarking, Performance Modelling, and Tuning   

 Paper Submission Guidelines  
 Full length manuscripts with clear contribution and results should be sumitted to the CMT platform. Papers have to be submitted without the author names and affiliation. All the papers will be screened for possible similarity and scope. The AIDE-2023 Program Committee regards plagiarism as a serious professional misconduct. All submissions will be screened for plagiarism using IEEE CrossCheck, and when identified, the submissions by the same author will be rejected at any stage of the conference even after the conference and after the publication of the proceedings.All papers that conform to submission guidelines will be evaluated based on originality, technical and/or research content/depth, correctness, relevance to conference, contributions, and readability. Acceptance of papers will be communicated to authors by email. The authors of the accepted papers will be allowed to make corrections in accordance with the suggestions of the reviewers and submit final camera-ready papers within the stipulated deadline. All camera ready papers must be prepared in conformance with reviewer report.  

 Submission Deadlines  

 Particulars | Date 
 Paper submission deadline | 05, December 2024 (Extended) 
 Acceptance Notification | 05, January 2025D 
 CRC Submission deadline | 15, January 2025 
 Registration Deadline | 10, January 2025 

 Important Dates  
   
  05.12.2024  Last date for paper submission   

  05.01.2025  Acceptance Notification   

  15.01.2025  CRC Submission deadline   

  10.01.2025  Registration Deadline   

  06 - 07, February 2025  AIDE-25 Conference   

 Registration  
  
 Authors of the accepted papers are requested to complete the registration by paying the following registration fees for different categories:  
  
  INDIAN AUTHORS  
  
  Students (IEEE Members) : Rs. 7,000/-  
 Research scholars/Faculty Members/Academicians/Industry (IEEE Members) : Rs. 8,000/-  
  
  Students (Non-IEEE Members) : Rs. 8,000/-  
 Research scholars/Faculty Members/Academicians/Industry (Non-IEEE Members) : Rs. 8,500/-  
  
  For one registration one author will be allowed to participate at the confernece. If more than one author are attending the conference additional authors have to pay Rs. 750/- each  
  
  FOREIGN AUTHORS  
  
  Students (IEEE Members) : USD 225/-  
 Research scholars/Faculty Members/Academicians/Industry (IEEE Members) : USD 225/-  
  
  Students (Non-IEEE Members) : USD 250/-  
 Research scholars/Faculty Members/Academicians/Industry (Non-IEEE Members) : USD 250/-  
  
  Registration category depends on the first author. Once the payment has been made, the authors are requested to send the Camera Ready Paper along with the completed registration form, proof for payment and copy of the IEEE Membership card (If paid in IEEE membership category).  
  
  Registration fee shall paid in any of the follwoing modes:  
  
  UPI (Google Pay/Phone Pe, PayTM & etc): +91 98439 12762 (Mr. Venkatachalam P)  
  
  UPI (Google Pay/Phone Pe, PayTM & etc): +91 98439 12762 (Mr. Venkatachalam P)  

  To pay the registration fee using Credit/Debit cards, Please click the below link : Click here tp pay using Credit/Debit Cards   
   
 Committee Members  
 Steering Committee  

 Sri. Vishal Hegde,  Pro Chancellor, Nitte-Deemed to be University  

 Dr. N. R Shetty,  Chancellor, Central University, Karnataka.  

 Dr. Takamoto ITOH,  Professor, Mechanical Engineering, Ritsumeikan University, Japan  

 Dr. Shripad T. Revankar,  Professor, Purdue University, U.S.A  

 Dr. Harish Kumar Madhyastha,  Professor, University of Miyazaki, Japan  

 Dr. Omid Ansary,  Senior Associate Dean and Professor, Penn State University, U.S.A  

 Dr. Jeremy Blum,  Chairperson, Dept. of Computer Science and Mathematics, Penn State University, U.S.A  

 Dr. T Miyazaki,  Director, NIDEC Advanced Technology private Ltd., Bangalore  

 Dr. M. Murugappan,  Professor,Department of Electronics & communication Engg. Kuwait.  

 Mr. Michio Kaida,  Director, Chairman, NIDEC-READ Corp., Kyoto, Japan  

 Dr. Prasad Yarlagada,  Professor, Queensland University of Technology, Australia  

 Yeong-Do Park,  Professor, Director of Center for Education of Welding Engineering (CEWE), Dong-Eui University, Busan, Korea.  

  Advisory Committee  

 Dr. Niranjan N Chiplunkar,  Principal, NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte  

 Dr. Niranjan U. C.,  Manipal Dot Net Pvt. Ltd., Manipal, India  

 Dr. Pushparaj Shetty,  NITK Surathkal, India  

 Dr. T Srinivasa,  IISc. Bengaluru  

 Dr. Chandrakantha Kumar,  ISRO, Bengaluru  

 Dr. Prashanth Misra,  TCS, Bengaluru  

 Dr. Chengappa M,  HP, Bengaluru  

 Dr. Sudesh Bekal,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Srinikethan,  Nitte Deemed to be University  

 Dr. P. Deepa Shenoy,  UVCE Bangalore, India  

 Dr. Balasubramani R,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Mohit Tahiliani,  NITK Surathkal,India  

 Dr. Poornalatha G,  Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal, India  

 Dr.Sathyanarayana S V,  JNNCE,Shimoga  

 Dr. Takeshi Kumaki,  Ritsumeikan University,Japan  

  General Chair  

 Dr. Vasudeva,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

  Organizing Chair  

 Dr. Ashwini B,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Jyothi Shetty,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Venugopala P.S,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Mamatha Balipa,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Sharadha Shenoy,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Radhakarishna D,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Roshan Fernandes,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

  Technical Program Chairs  

 Dr. Manjula Gururaj Rao,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Shabari Shedthi B,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Spoorthi B Shetty,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Venugopala P.S.,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Soumya Hegde,  NITK Surathkal, India  

 Dr. Jeremy Blum,  Pennstate university, Harrisburg  

 Dr. Chengappa M R,  HP Enterprises, Bengaluru  

 Dr. Sujatha D N,  BMS College of Engineering, Bengaluru  

 Dr. Radhakrishna Bhat,  Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal  

  Publication Chairs  

 Dr. Vasudeva,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Usha Divakarla,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Vijay Murari T,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Ms. Deepa,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Raghavendra S,  Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal, India  

 Dr. Takeshi Kumaki,  Ritsumeikan University,Japan  

 Dr. Mustafa Basthikodi,  Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management, Mangaluru  

 Prof. Ashwini V R,  Canara Engineering College, Mangaluru  

  Finance Chairs  

 Dr. Raghunandan K R,  NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte, India  

 Dr. Sourav Kanti Addya,  NITK Surathkal, India  

 Contact  
   
  Address:  
 N.M.A.M. Institute of Technology,  Nitte, Karkala Taluk Udupi-574110 Karnataka, India.  
   
  Email:  
 icete-ise@nitte.edu.in  
   
  Call:  
 +91 99017 29203 / +91 94489 11385  

 Visit: nmamit.nitte.edu.in    

    