    News 
  Main Conference | Keynotes 
  Call for Papers 
  Special Sessions | Special Session: Empowering the Elderly through Intelligent Technologies: Sociotechnical Approaches for Inclusive Aging 
  Special Session: Ecological and Human Synergies Intelligent Design for the Anthropocene 
  Doctoral colloquium 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Calls & Dates | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Paper Submission 
  Multimedia Tools and Applications – Special Issue on: “Advances in Multimedia Computing for Intelligent Environments”Multimedia Tools and Applications 
  JAISE Special Issue on Human factors in decision making for Intelligent Environments and Applications 
  Organizers | Organising Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Awards 
  Attend | Venue 
  Social activities 
  Registration 
  Contact | Imprint 
  Privacy Policy 

 IE2025   
 21st International Conference on Intelligent Environments  

     News 
  Main Conference | Keynotes 
  Call for Papers 
  Special Sessions | Special Session: Empowering the Elderly through Intelligent Technologies: Sociotechnical Approaches for Inclusive Aging 
  Special Session: Ecological and Human Synergies Intelligent Design for the Anthropocene 
  Doctoral colloquium 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Calls & Dates | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Paper Submission 
  Multimedia Tools and Applications – Special Issue on: “Advances in Multimedia Computing for Intelligent Environments”Multimedia Tools and Applications 
  JAISE Special Issue on Human factors in decision making for Intelligent Environments and Applications 
  Organizers | Organising Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Awards 
  Attend | Venue 
  Social activities 
  Registration 
  Contact | Imprint 
  Privacy Policy 

 Call for Papers  
 Home       Call for Papers       

 Submission Deadline extend to January 5th, 2025   
 IE is a multidisciplinary event welcoming contributions from a diversity of various relevant areas, including sensors and actuators, signal processing (incl. audio and images), networking, human-computer interaction, artificial intelligence, software engineering, context-awareness, internet of things, pervasive and ubiquitous computing, applied in domains such as healthcare, education, culture, building environments and smart cities. The event will include the followings.  
 – full (8-page) and short (4-page) papers  
  – 2 special sessions  
  – workshops  
  – 3 tutorials  
  – a doctoral colloquium  
  – an industrial forum  
  – demos & videos session  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:   
 Smart spaces  
  Smart cities  
  Smart communities  
  Mobile computing  
  Multimodal interaction  
  Robotic companions  
  Artificial intelligence  
  Computational intel.  
  Middleware  
  Architecture  
  Virtual/Mixed reality  
  Collaborative tools  
  Sensors and actuators  
  Industry 4.0  
  Smart buildings  
  Smart education  
  Smart healthcare tech  
  Pervasive computing  
  Context awareness  
  Energy Efficiency  
  Ambient Assisted Living  
  Evaluation and Corpora  
  Evaluation Paradigms  
  Data Acquisition  
  Labelling and Data Sets  
  User Studies  
  Signal Processing (incl. audio and images)  
 Special Sessions:  IE2025 will have 2 special sessions  
  – Empowering the Elderly through Intelligent Technologies: Sociotechnical Approaches for Inclusive Aging   
  – Ecological and Human Synergies Intelligent Design for the Anthropocene   
 Workshops:  The conference will start with a series of workshops:  
 – QUITE – Quantum, IoT, and Technologies for Secure Environments  
  – WITLE – Workshop on Intelligent Teaching and Learning Environments  
  – WISHWell – Workshop on Intelligent Environments Supporting Healthcare and Well-being  
  – WORIE- Workshop on the Reliability of Intelligent Environments  
  – ALLEGET – Workshop on Artificial intelligence and machine learning for Emerging Topics  
  – WISSA – Workshop on Intelligent Systems for Smart Agriculture  
  – DiDiT – Workshop on Distributed Digital Twins  
  – CLEAR-AI – Compliance, Legal, and Ethical Aspects of AI Regulation  
  reed more   
 Doctoral colloquium  :  
 The aim of the colloquium is to provide research students an opportunity to meet other people in a similar position, make relatively informal presentations, receive feedback from experts in the field, exchange ideas and experiences with each other, and make connections and have fun! All accepted presentations will be submitted as short (4-page) papers and published in the IE2025 IEEE Proceedings. A prize will be awarded for the best colloquium paper.  
 Industrial Forum  :  
 In the Industrial Forum, colleagues from the industry domain will have the opportunity to showcase their projects while attracting funding or further expand collaborations with industry and academia at an international level. A limited number of presentation/demo slots of up to 30 minutes including questions and answers will be available for industry partners. During these slots, it will be possible for companies to present products/solutions/projects related to Intelligent Environments.  
 Publications  :  
 As in previous editions, we expect all papers accepted at the main conference to be published by IEEE-indexed proceedings (currently in negotiation with IEEE, as in previous editions). All papers accepted in the workshops will be published as a volume of the IOS Press Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments book Series of IOS Press, which is published Open Access and indexed by Clarivate (Web of Science). Both the articles in the IEEE proceedings and the IOS Press books will be ISI-indexed. As in previous years, selected papers will be invited to be extended and submitted to journals for publication.  
 Proceedings  :  
 Papers accepted in the main conference as either short or full paper will be published in IEEE proceedings and available through IEEE Xplore.  
 Papers accepted in workshops will be published as a volume of the IOS Press Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments book Series of IOS Press. Proceedings will be indexed by Web of Science and SCOPUS.  
 Journal publication:   
 A selection of papers will be invited to extent and submit extended versions to special issues of high-quality journals:  
 Submission guidelines:   
 To submit a paper, please use the IEEE two-column conference A4 format. The Word and LaTex templates are available HERE   
 For papers to be submitted to one of the workshops  , please use the IOS Press book format. The Word and LaTex templates are available HERE   
 All Papers should be submitted HERE   
 Download Call for Papers   

 Subscribe and Follow   

 © Copyright 2024 IE2025  . All Rights Reserved.  Privacy Policy    

                                                                                                    