  40th International Conference on ICT Systems Security and Privacy Protection – IFIP SEC 2025, 21-23 May 2025  

 Search   Search     

 Home  » Call for Papers   

 Home 
  Call for Papers | Yves Deswarte Best Student Paper Award 
  Co-located events | WISE 
  WNDSS 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Conference Venue | Travel info 
  Conference Fees 
  Committees 
  Contact 

 Organisers  

 Supported by  

  IFIP TC-11    

 Call for Papers  
 40th IFIP TC-11 SEC 2025 International Information Security and Privacy Conference  
  May 21 – 23, 2025  
  Hotel City, Maribor, Slovenia  
 The IFIP SEC conference is the flagship event of the International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) Technical Committee 11 on Security and Privacy Protection in Information Processing Systems (TC-11, www.ifiptc11.org  ). We seek submissions from academia, industry, and government presenting novel research on all theoretical and practical aspects of security and privacy protection in ICT Systems. Practitioners and industry representatives are encouraged to submit papers.   
 From 2021, Computers & Security  , published by Elsevier, is sponsoring the Best Paper Award at the IFIP SEC conference. The annual award will carry a prize to the value of $1,000 and an extended version of the paper will be invited for publication in the journal.  
  Computers & Security are proud to be able to support the IFIP SEC conference and for their continuing close collaboration with the IFIP Technical Committee 11: Security and Privacy Protection in Information Processing Systems.  
 Topics  
 We welcome contributions within, but not limited to, the following areas:  
 Access control and authentication 
  Applied cryptography 
  Audit and risk analysis 
  Big data security and privacy 
  Cloud security and privacy 
  Critical infrastructure protection 
  Cyber-physical systems security 
  Data and applications security 
  Digital forensics 
  Human aspects of security and privacy 
  Identity management 
  Industry networks security 
  Information security education 
  Information security management 
  Information technology misuse and the law 
  IoT security 
  Managing information security functions 
  Mobile security 
  Multilateral security 
  Network & distributed systems security 
  Pervasive systems security 
  Privacy protection and Privacy-by-design 
  Privacy-enhancing technologies 
  Quantum computations and post-quantum cryptography 
  Side-channel attacks 
  Surveillance and counter-surveillance 
  Trust management 
  Submission guidelines  
 Submitted papers must be original, unpublished, and not submitted to another  conference or journal for consideration. Accepted papers must be presented at the conference and will be included in the conference proceedings published in the IFIP AICT  series  by Springer.  
 All papers must be written in English. Submissions should be at most 14 pages  long in total including references and appendices. Submissions should not be anonymised  . PC members are not required to read the appendices, so the paper should be intelligible without them.  
 Authors must follow the Springer LNCS formatting instructions. For camera-ready papers use Latex or Word format (Author instructions and templates can be found here: https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  ).  
 Each paper will receive at least three reviews. At least one author of each accepted paper must register  by the early registration date indicated on the conference website and present the paper at the conference. For each accepted paper, at least one full registration is necessary.  
 If any of the authors  contributing to IFIP SEC 2025 are interested in Open Choice  (which applies to individual papers), please refer to webpage  or contact ifip@springer.com  and sec2025@um.si  for prices and additional information. The costs need to be covered by the authors interested in Open Choice. The invoicing address and the CC-BY licence-to-publish agreement need to be set up with Springer the latest by 12 March 2025  .  
 After the conference, extended versions of selected papers  will be considered for publication in the journal Computers & Security   . Those papers will undergo at least one other review round.  
 The best student paper will receive the Yves Deswarte Best Student Paper Award   . The paper must be original and carried out principally by the student presenting the paper, and the student must be the lead author  . A student who is to be considered for the best paper award must be a full time  (as determined by the student’s institution) registered undergraduate, graduate, or doctoral student at the time of submission of the paper  . Further details can be found here  .  
 Previous IFIP SEC proceedings  are available at https://link.springer.com/conference/sec  .  
 Further information and submission: http://sec2025.um.si/   
 Papers have to be submitted via Easychair conference system, which can be found at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ifipsec2025   

  Important dates  
  
 Submission deadline | December 20, 2024, AoE 
 Notification of acceptance | March 7, 2025 
 Submission of the camera-ready papers (including registration of authors and payments) | March 28, 2025 
 Conference | May 21 – 23, 2025 

  Committees  
 General chair  
 Tatjana Welzer, University of Maribor, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Maribor, Slovenia 
  Programme committee co-chairs  
 Kai Rannenberg, Goethe-University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
  Lili Nemec Zlatolas, University of Maribor, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Maribor, Slovenia 
  Organizing chair  
 Marko Hölbl, University of Maribor, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Maribor, Slovenia 
    
  The conference is organized by:  
       The conference is supported by Slovenian Society Informatika (SSI)  

   IFIP SEC 2025-CFP-2  Download    

 Privacy policy   

 Powered by WordPress  / Academica WordPress Theme by WPZOOM   

   