IGARSS 2025     Home | Welcome Message  Welcome Video  Community Partners  Acknowledgement  Tutorial Proposals 
  General | Organizing Committee  Diversity, Equity, Inclusion,  
  Access & Belonging 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Tutorial Proposals 
  Important Dates 
  For Authors | Call for Papers  Paper Submission  Themes  Community-Contributed Sessions  Student Paper Competition  GRSS Travel Support 
  Destination | The City  The Venue  Travel & Stay  Family Services & Activities  Social Life  Queensland the State 
  Sponsors/Exhibitors | Become A Sponsor/Exhibitor 

  2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium   
 3 - 8 August 2025 • Brisbane, Australia   

  2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium   
 3 - 8 August 2025 • Brisbane, Australia   

  2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium   
 3 - 8 August 2025 • Brisbane, Australia   

  Previous    Next     
 Call for Papers  
 On behalf of the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society (GRSS) and the IGARSS 2025 Organising Committee, we are pleased to invite you to submit your research papers to the 45th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium, which will take place on 3-8 August 2025, in the beautiful sunshine city of Brisbane, Australia. As the flagship conference of the IEEE GRSS, IGARSS 2025 is set to be an exceptional event, bringing together the global community of geoscience and remote sensing professionals.  
 Conference Theme: "One Earth"  
 The IGARSS 2025 theme is 'One Earth' to highlight the essential contribution of remote sensing in tackling global environmental issues. The conference aims to foster international cooperation in developing global solutions to safeguard our planet, positioning it as an essential gathering for researchers dedicated to advancing remote sensing technologies for a sustainable future.  
 Topics of Interest:  
 We encourage submissions that cover a wide range of topics  , including but not limited to:  
 Imaging and Processing Techniques 
  Remote Sensing Data Analysis 
  AI and Big Data. 
  Electromagnetic Emission and Scattering Modeling 
  Remote Sensing Applications to Atmosphere, Cryosphere, Land, or Oceans 
  Remote Sensing of Planetary and other Celestial Bodies 
  Mission, Platforms and Calibration 
  Sensors, Instruments and Calibration 
  Education and Policy 
  Societal Engagement and Impacts 
  Submission Guidelines:  
 Authors are invited to submit abstracts or papers in one of the three options below  through the IGARSS 2025 online submission portal  by 10 January 2025. Note that the paper submission with these three options is NEW and different from previous IGARSS.  Submission options are:  
 Full paper: 4-page limit, excluding references; required for inclusion in IEEE Xplore or consideration for the Student Paper Competition 
  Abstract: 400-600 words, will not be published in IEEE Xplore 
  Recently Published Article: Papers published as peer-reviewed articles after January 1, 2024 in relevant journals ranked within | Q1 based on the current International Scientific Indexing (ISI) or Scientific Journal Ranking (SJR) | . 
  All submissions will undergo a peer-review process. Only the accepted full papers (option 1 above) will be included in the conference proceedings and published in IEEE Xplore, ensuring high visibility and impact.  
 Key Dates:  
 Abstract/Manuscript Submission Open: 14 November 2024 
  Abstract/Manuscript Submission Deadline: 10 January 2025 
  Notifications of Acceptance to Authors: 15 March 2025 
  Final Paper Submission for Accepted Full Manuscripts: 15 May 2025 
  For more details on paper submission, please visit the paper submission web page  .  
 We look forward to your valuable contributions and to welcoming you to Brisbane for IGARSS 2025!  
 Best regards,  
 Jasmeet Judge, Jun Zhou, Dongryeol Ryu, Qiming Zhou   
  IGARSS 2025 Technical Program Committee Co-Chairs  

 ©2024 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium.   
 Last updated 19 November 2024.  

 Contact: info@2025.ieeeigarss.org   
 Host: https://cmsworldwide.com/   

  