IGARSS 2025     Home | Welcome Message  Welcome Video  Community Partners  Acknowledgement  Tutorial Proposals 
  General | Organizing Committee  Diversity, Equity, Inclusion,  
  Access & Belonging 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Tutorial Proposals 
  Important Dates 
  For Authors | Call for Papers  Paper Submission  Themes  Community-Contributed Sessions  Student Paper Competition  GRSS Travel Support 
  Destination | The City  The Venue  Travel & Stay  Family Services & Activities  Social Life  Queensland the State 
  Sponsors/Exhibitors | Become A Sponsor/Exhibitor 

  2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium   
 3 - 8 August 2025 • Brisbane, Australia   

  2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium   
 3 - 8 August 2025 • Brisbane, Australia   

  2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium   
 3 - 8 August 2025 • Brisbane, Australia   

  Previous    Next     
 Paper Submission  

 Important News   
 Submission Open  
 The deadline for submitting abstracts, papers, or articles is  
  Friday, 10 January 2025 AoE  .  

  Click Here to Start   
 Check Status  
 Check the status of a submitted paper  
  or request withdrawal of a submission   
 IEEE Copyright Form  
 Submit your Electronic  
  Copyright Form   

 Participation in IGARSS 2025 is open to all individuals interested in or working in the fields of geoscience and remote sensing. Technical sessions will be comprised of papers submitted to a common topic. There is a list of general topics categorized by technology, techniques, and applications. In addition to the general sessions, there are Community Contributed Session (CCS) topics. These CCSs were contributed by members of the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society and were selected for inclusion in the technical programs for IGARSS 2025 based upon an open call in October 2024. They are meant to be complementary to the general topic sessions highlighting new and emerging topics. Both the general sessions and the CCSs are open for submission by all authors.  
 Manuscripts received by the deadline will be considered for program placement under the standard peer review process. The IEEE IGARSS 2025 Technical Program Committee will organize all accepted submissions into either oral or interactive poster sessions based upon their potential contribution to the symposium and the composition of high-quality sessions.  
 The entire submission process and requirements are detailed in the Paper Kit  .  
 NEW for IGARSS 2025  Submission Options  
 Full paper - required for inclusion in IEEE Xplore or consideration for a student award 
  Abstract only - no option to convert to full paper and publish in IEEE Xplore 
  Recently published article - must have a publication date after January 1, 2024. 
  All submissions will undergo a peer-review process. Accepted full papers will be included in the conference proceedings and published in IEEE Xplore, ensuring high visibility and impact.  
 Each accepted submission must be linked to at least one registered author, with the payment received by the author registration deadline to avoid being withdrawn from the conference. A maximum of two accepted submissions can be linked to one full registration for both general and community contributed sessions. A student registration can be linked with up to one submission.  
 Authors are responsible for checking the status of their submission by visiting the symposium website after 15 March 2025. Acceptance letters will be sent via email only, and the results posted on the website.  
 Guidelines for the Three Submission Types  
 The authors may choose one of the three following options for their submissions.  
 Full paper | All manuscripts must be written in English. 
  The page limit is | 4 pages | , excluding references. Use Times New Roman font, 11 or 12 point, with single spacing. Template provided | here | . 
  Manuscripts should state clearly and concisely the problem, methodology used and central conclusions and may include figures and graphs. 
  Manuscripts must include a list of references, not included in the page count, to help reviewers place the contributions of the work into context. 
  All IGARSS full papers submitted for publication on IEEE Xplore will undergo a pre-publication quality review (which includes a plagiarism check) using CrossCheck. Papers with significant similarity with published works will be subject to additional quality reviews. 
  Abstracts | All abstracts must be written in English. 
  There is a | one-page | limit including any figures or references. 
  The | word limit | for all abstracts is minimum 400 words to maximum 600 words excluding figures and references. Use Times New Roman font, 11 or 12 point and single line spacing. 
  Abstracts should state clearly and concisely the problem, methodology used and central conclusions and may include a figure/graph. 
  Please note that the abstracts will not be published in IEEE Xplore. 
  Recently Published Articles | Authors can present peer-reviewed articles published after January 1, 2024 in relevant journals ranked within | Q1 based on current International Scientific Indexing (ISI) or Scientific Journal Ranking (SJR) | . 
  Provide | Complete citation including title, authors and affiliations, journal name, and publication date; DOI. 
  Published abstract from the original paper. 
  Relevant IGARSS topic. 
  Link to the published article. 
  A PDF copy of the published article. 
  Please note that these papers will not be published or re-published in IEEE Xplore. 
  Click Here to Start   

 ©2024 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium.   
 Last updated 16 November 2024.  

 Contact: info@2025.ieeeigarss.org   
 Host: https://cmsworldwide.com/   

  