 

 Home 
  Program 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Important Dates 
  Call for Papers 
  Special Session 
  Committee 
  Past Events 

 Call for Papers  
 Submission Process Coming soon...  
  Click here for a PDF version of the Call for Papers.    
  
 For more than 20 years, the fields of Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec) have allied advances of multiple disciplines, accumulating a substantial body of knowledge. The IH&MMSec workshop has established its reputation as one of the premier outlets for research in these and related areas. Continuing this tradition, the 2025 workshop edition solicits novel papers documenting research, industrial, or government practice. The event will be held in San Jose, California, in the United States.    
 Submitted papers should address security and privacy aspects in relation to multimedia host signals (including images, audio, videos, texts, network traffic, etc.):   
 Forensics and counter-forensics 
  Steganography and steganalysis 
  Covert and subliminal channels 
  Watermarking and fingerprinting 
  Networks and protocols 
  Anonymity and privacy 
  Biometrics 
  Deep fake analysis 
  Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the use or advances of the following methods:   
 Information, coding, and complexity theory 
  Game and decision theory 
  Statistical modeling 
  Machine learning and deep learning 
  Adversarial machine learning 
  DNN watermarking 
  Deep learning security 
  Secure Signal Processing 
  Benchmarking and replication 
  Obfuscation and privacy-preserving systems 
  This year a call for special sessions is included. For details about the corresponding proposal procedure, please refer to the conference website.     Paper submitted to the Special Sessions will go through the regular review process. More details here   .   
 Authors are invited to submit either short papers (4-6 pages, including references, for preliminary yet interesting results) or full papers (10-12 pages, including references, with general and detailed research contributions). Submissions must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference. Manuscripts must be properly anonymized for double-blind review.   
  
 The accepted papers will be published in the ACM Digital Library. Authors and co-authors must also observe the ACM Publications Policies and Procedures (https://www.acm.org/publications/policies), as well as provide valid ORCID IDs (https://orcid.org). For complete submission instructions, please refer to the following website: call-for-papers/index.html.   
 For questions relating to this Call for Papers, please contact the Program Chairs at acm.ihmmsec25@gmail.com   

  Imprint 
  Disclaimer 

  