Language Menu  
 de 
   
 Search   Intern   
   
 Main Navigation  
   BioML 
  Our Team 
  Research 
  Publications 
  Teaching 
  Open Positions 
  Events 
  ↗ CODE 
   
 Universität der Bundeswehr München    

 Research  

 The main focus of the BioML lab is the development and enhancement of biometric recognition systems. We work with different biometric modalities  , such as face, iris, fingerprint, finger vein, or handwritten signatures, as well as with combinations of those in multi-biometric  schemes. Besides trying to increase the recognition accuracy and computational efficiency of the systems, we focus on other relevant aspects of this research area. Preserving the privacy  of the subjects is at the core of our research, for which we develop biometric template protection schemes in compliance with the GDPR and relevant ISO standards, following the Privacy-by-Design principle. Furthermore, the detection of several forms of attacks  on biometric systems (e.g., Presentation Attacks or Morphing Attacks) is key to increasing the security and reliability of the systems. Last but not least, we believe that higher explainability  and transparency  will allow further acceptance and deployment of biometric recognition.  
 A deep understanding of machine learning  methods and cryptographic primitives  allows us to pursue our research goals.  
 Our group co-organises and participates in international academic conferences such as IJCB and BIOSIG  , and contributes both to the European Association for Biometrics (EAB)  and the international standardisation in ISO/IEC JTC1 SC37  .  

 Research Projects  
 Coming soon  

 Contact and postal address  
 Universität der Bundeswehr München  
  RI CODE / Professorship Machine Learning   
 Werner-Heisenberg-Weg 39  
  85579 Neubiberg   
 Germany   
   
 +49 89 6004 7425 
  marta.gomez-barrero@unibw.de 

 Visitors address  
 Research Institute CODE  
  Room 1721  
  Carl-Wery-Str. 22  
  81739 Munich  
  show in OpenStreetMap   

 Quick links  
 Univ.-Prof. Dr. Marta Gomez-Barrero   
  Open positions   
  Research  | Publications   
  Research Institute CODE   
  Universität der Bundeswehr München   

 Meta-Navigation Tools  
 Contact 
  Impressum – Legal Disclosure 
  Privacy Statement 
  Press 
  Webmail 
  Login 

  Zum Seitenanfang springen  

  