Skip to the content    
 IAPR TC4   
 Technical Committee on Biometrics, International Association for Pattern Recognition  

    Menu   
  Home 
  News 
  Committee | Committee 2018–2022 
  Committee 2016-2018 
  Committee 2014-2016 
  Committee 2006-2008 
  Events | ICB/IJCB Conference 
  Summer School on Biometrics 
  Winter School on Biometrics 
  WMB2020 
  HID2020 
  Awards 
  IAPR 

 IJCB 2024: Call For Papers  
   
 Jan  06  2024    
 Off    
   
 About IJCB 2024  
 The IEEE International Joint Conference on Biometrics (IJCB) is the premier international forum for research in biometrics and related technologies. It combines two major biometrics conferences, the IEEE Biometrics Theory, Applications, and Systems (BTAS) conference and the International Conference on Biometrics (ICB), and is made possible through a special agreement between the IEEE Biometrics Council and the IAPR TC-4. IJCB 2024 is the 8th iteration of this major joint event and will be held in USA, in Buffalo, New York between 15-18 September 2024 as an in-person conference  .  
 Call for Contributions  
 IJCB 2024 is intended to have a broad scope and invites papers that advance biometric technologies, sensor design, feature extraction and matching algorithms, security and privacy, and social impact of biometrics technology. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Face, Iris, Fingerprint, Palmprint 
  Periocular, Ear, Vein, Speech 
  Gait, Gesture and Action Recognition 
  Multi-modal and Multi-Spectral Biometrics 
  Mobile-based Biometrics 
  Template Protection and Cryptosystems 
  Privacy, Demographic Bias, Fairness 
  Biometrics Explainability and Interpretability 
  Template Design, Selection and Update 
  Datasets, Evaluation, Benchmarking 
  Performance Modelling and Prediction 
  Large scale ID Management 
  Anti-spoofing, Presentation Attack Detection 
  Biometric DeepFakes, Digital Data Forensics 
  Biometric-related Law Enforcement and Forensics 
  Biometrics in Healthcare, Banking, IoT 
  Biometric-related Synthetic Realities 
  Ethical, Social and Legal Issues 
  Paper Submission  
 Submitted papers may not be accepted or under review elsewhere. Submissions may be up to eight pages, plus additional references, in conference format. Please visit the submission page for additional details on paper formatting. Accepted papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements.  
 More details can be found at https://ijcb2024.ieee-biometrics.org/   

 Posted in  Uncategorized    
   
 Post navigation  
 Previous Post  Previous    2023 IAPR YBIA Winner: Prof. Xiangyu Zhu     
 Next Post  Next  Remembering the Enduring Legacy of John Daugman       

 Search for:        
 Recent News  
   
 Join the IAPR/IEEE Winter School on Biometrics 2025: Call for Participants Now Open! 
  2024 IAPR BBSPA Winner: Yuxiang Guo 
  2024 IAPR SBIA Winner: Prof. Davide Maltoni 
  Call for nominations for 2024 IAPR Senior Biometrics Investigator Award 
  Remembering the Enduring Legacy of John Daugman 
  IJCB 2024: Call For Papers 

 Proudly powered by WordPress  |  Theme: Futurio    
   
  