    
 Search for:        

 MENU  MENU     

 About Us | Awards and Medals 
  Business Affiliates 
  Branches | East Midlands 
  London 
  North West 
  Scottish 
  South West and Wales 
  West Midlands 
  Yorkshire 
  Equity, Diversity and Inclusion 
  Education | Schools and Further Education 
  Higher Education 
  University Degree Course Accreditation 
  Governance | Communications Committee 
  Conferences Committee 
  Council 
  Early Career Mathematicians Committee 
  Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Committee 
  Executive Board 
  Finance Committee 
  Higher Education Committee 
  Journals Board of Management 
  Local Branches Committees | East Midlands Branch Committee 
  Irish Branch Committee 
  London Branch Committee 
  North West Branch Committee 
  Scottish Branch Committee 
  West Midlands Branch Committee 
  South West and Wales Branch Committee 
  Yorkshire Branch Committee 
  Mathematics Today Editorial Board 
  MathsCareers Committee 
  Membership Committee 
  Nominating Committee 
  Professional Affairs Committee 
  Research Committee 
  Schools and Further Education Committee 
  History 
  Professional | Continuing Professional Development (CPD) 
  Academic Representatives 
  Supporting the IMA 
  Membership | Why Join the IMA? 
  Membership Grades 
  Membership Wizard 
  How to Join the IMA 
  Membership Rates 
  Thinking of Rejoining the IMA? 
  How to transfer Membership Grade 
  Membership FAQ 
  Student | Undergraduate Student Membership 
  IMA Student Blog 
  eStudent Newsletter 
  e16plus Newsletter 
  Chartership | Chartered Mathematician Designation 
  Chartered Scientist Designation 
  Chartered Mathematics Teacher 
  Publications | Council 
  Governance 
  IMA Journals 
  Mathematics Today 
  Mathematics Today Bulletin Archive 
  Book Reviews 
  Mathematics Matters 
  Reports 
  Proceedings 
  Support | IMA Exponential Mentoring Scheme 
  Careers 
  Grants 
  Lectures 
  Levelling Up: Maths 
  Mathematics Teacher Training Scholarships 
  Events | Conferences 
  Employers' Forum 
  Talks 
  Workshops 
  Jobs | UK Jobs 
  Job Listing Submission 
  Contact Us | IMA Staff 
  myIMA 

 Home   » News   » ECM Committee: 2025 Call for self-nominations    
 ECM Committee: 2025 Call for self-nominations  
   
 The ECM Committee provides a focus for the ideas and activities of early-career IMA members, in addition to engaging, empowering and mobilising this group in supporting the IMA’s charitable aims, including promoting mathematics. Most prominently, the committee collaborates with the wider IMA to organise and run many events for the early career mathematician community, such as Virtual Maths Teas, idea exchanges on teaching in academia, hackathons and mock study groups, a seminar series and a webinar series. These provide a platform for attendees to meet and network with like-minded individuals.  
 Over recent years, the ECM has seen great success and continues to go from strength to strength. This has only been made possible through the hard work and dedication of the ECM Committee. We are therefore looking for enthusiastic and committed ECM members to take up the mantle and work to build on the great work that has been achieved so far. Please note that the committee collaboration mostly takes place online and there is no expectation to volunteer in-person.  
 The posts available for election are:  
 Vice Chair and Chair Designate  – The Vice Chair supports the Chair, arranges committee meetings, and records and circulates committee discussions and actions. The Vice Chair is also the Chair Designate and is expected to take over as the new Chair the following year.  
 The Chair provides leadership and a focus for the group and supports all committee endeavours. The Chair is responsible for leading committee meetings, coordinating responses to emails sent to the IMA ECM email mailbox, and acts as direct liaison with the IMA Council and Secretariat.” The total time in the committee is 3 years: 1 year as Vice Chair and Chair Designate, 1 year as Chair, and 1 year as Immediate Past Chair.   
 Event Leader Designate  – The Event Leader Designate shadows and assists the Event Leader in the development of new and existing events for the ECM community.The Event Leader Designate is expected to take over as the new Event Leader the following year. The Event Leader is responsible for supporting the leadership of our ECM subgroup to coordinate event organisation over the year. The role is to come up with new ideas for events, connect with maths communities to identify volunteers to support in sessions and facilitate events.  The total time in the committee is 2 years: 1 year as Event Leader Designate and 1 year as Event Leader.   
 Engagement Leader Designate (New Post)  – The Engagement Leader Designate shadows and assists the Engagement Leader. The Engagement Leader Designate is expected to take over as the new Engagement Leader the following year.  
 The Engagement Leader’s role is to encourage ECM members to participate more actively with the IMA through the promotion of ECM events, encouraging the upgrade of membership and gaining Chartered designation, or encouraging engagement at the local IMA branch level if available. In addition, the Engagement Leader is involved in coordinating the Committee’s communication channels such as regular updates in Mathematics Today, and supporting the development and curation of engagement channels. The total time in the committee is 2 years: 1 year as Engagement Leader Designate and 1 year as Engagement Leader.   
 EDI Leader Designate (New Post)  – The Diversity and Inclusion Leader Designate shadows and assists the Diversity and Inclusion Leader. The Diversity and Inclusion Leader Designate is expected to take over as the new Diversity and Inclusion Leader at the end of the 2 year term of the current Diversity and Inclusion Leader (February 2026).  
 The Diversity and Inclusion leader’s role is to ensure the actions of the ECM committee are inline with the wider IMA diversity and inclusion activities. They are to provide oversight on how ECM committee actions may be best implemented to promote Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, and to make sure that any EDI concerns are appropriately addressed. They are to suggest ways the ECM committee can better engage with, and encourage, ECMs from more diverse backgrounds to follow mathematics as a career, become involved with the IMA, and become involved with the ECM committee. The  Diversity and Inclusion  l eader liaises with the IMA’s diversity champion, ECM events leader, and ECM engagement leader to achieve these aims. They also feedback directly to the IMA diversity champion thoughts that the ECM committee has to improve diversity and inclusion in the ECM population, and the IMA as a whole.  The total time in the committee is 3 years: 1 year as Diversity and Inclusion Leader and 2 years as Diversity and Inclusion Leader.   
 To put forward a self-nomination for this year’s ECM Committee, please send a short biography¹ and a paragraph outlining which role you are applying for and why you feel you would be a good fit for this position. For reference, you may wish to look at the role outlines and biographies of the current committee on the ECM Committee webpage  . If you would like further information, perhaps about a particular role or the commitment required, please email ecm@ima.org.uk  .  
 The deadline for nominations is 23:59 on Wednesday 8th January 2025  . All ECM members who hold an IMA membership of any grade (e.g. Member, Associate Member, Student Member) are eligible, so submit your nominations ASAP! The election period will then run from 13-24 January 2025, during which time all self-nominations received for the above posts will be circulated. IMA ECM members will be eligible to vote for those who they believe best fit these posts. Results are expected to be finalised early in the new year, so that the new committee will be ready to take over by Monday 3 February 2025.  
 Please send nominations to ecm@ima.org.uk  .  
 We follow the IMA Diversity Statement, and endeavour to create a welcoming and inclusive atmosphere at the committee, with a diverse range of participants. Applicants from groups which are under-represented in the mathematical sciences are particularly encouraged.  
 ¹ By submitting a biography for consideration, you give your consent for it to be used in emails as part of the election process, and in print and on the website should you be successfully elected. Should you be elected a photograph (High-resolution preferred) will also be requested, and used in print and on the website.  
 LinkedIn 
  Twitter 
  Facebook 
    
  Related Posts  
   Interview with Professor Paul Glendinning FRSE FIMA    
   ECM Committee: 2024 Call for self-nominations    
   Interview with Andrew Oliver – Making video games    

 Published 2nd December 2024     

 Important Links  
 Join the IMA 

 Latest News   
     
 Augmenting Chalk and Talk: Helping Early Career Mathematicians to Diversify their Teaching Repertoire   

 Rethinking Assessment in The Mathematical Sciences in Times of Generative AI   

 Challenges in Modelling Infectious Disease Outbreaks   

 National Mentoring Day   

 David Crighton Medal 2025: Call for Nominations   

 Upcoming Events >>   
 9 Dec 2024  ECM VMT: Lifelong Mathematics Learning in Industry  

 11 Dec 2024  Christmas Lecture: Art-Design In The Automotive Industry  

 11 Dec 2024  IMA National Celebration of the Best Maths Project 2024  

 Become A Member  
 Mathematics Today subscription, member discounts and networking.  
 Join Today    

 Contact Us >>   
  Institute of Mathematics & its Applications   Catherine Richards House, 16 Nelson Street,  Southend-on-Sea,  Essex,  SS1 1EF   +44 (0)1702 354020     
 Branches details >>    
  
 IMA Membership >>   
 Membership Information 
  Why Join? 
  About Us >>   
 T&Cs 
  Support the IMA 
  Purchases and Refunds 
  Data Protection 
   
 Upcoming Events >>   
 9 Dec 2024  ECM VMT: Lifelong Mathematics Learning in Industry  

 11 Dec 2024  Christmas Lecture: Art-Design In The Automotive Industry  

 11 Dec 2024  IMA National Celebration of the Best Maths Project 2024  

 © 2024 IMA. All Rights Reserved. Site by Measured Designs  .  

 The IMA uses cookies to help us follow browsing preferences on our site and enable more advanced features on our website. Please view our cookie policy.  I accept  Privacy policy      
   
 The IMA uses cookies to help us follow browsing preferences on our site and enable more advanced features on our website. Please view our cookie policy.  I accept  Privacy policy      
   
  