CT-RSA 2015  
 RSA Conference Cryptographers' Track  
 San Francisco April 20-24, 2015  

 Held in conjunction with 
 RSA Conference USA 

 Call for Papers  
   
 Original research papers pertaining to all aspects cryptography are solicited. Topics include but are not limited to:  
  
 Public-key encryption 
  Symmetric-key encryption 
  Digital signatures 
  Hash functions 
  Cryptographic protocols 
  Efficient implementations | Elliptic-curve cryptography 
  Lattice-based cryptography 
  Quantum cryptography 
  Network security 
  E-commerce | Cryptanalysis 
  Hardware security 
  Tamper-resistance 
  Side-channel attacks and defenses 
  Malware detection and prevention 
  Spam and fraud deterrence 
  
 Critical Dates  
  
 Submission Deadline: October 20, 2014 -- 23:59 PDT (UTC-7) 
 Notification: December 20, 2014 
 Speaker Information: January 7, 2015 
 Final Version of the Paper: January 20, 2015 
 Presentation for Posting on the RSA Conference Website: April 1, 2015 
  
 All papers accepted for presentation will appear in the conference proceedings published in Lecture Notes in Computer Science  .  
 Submission Instructions  
 All submissions should be uploaded to https://cmt.research.microsoft.com/CTRSA2015/   in pdf  , doc  , or docx  format by the October 20 deadline.  
 Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that any of the authors has published in a journal or in a conference or workshop with proceedings or has submitted or is planning to submit before the author notification deadline to a journal or other conferences or workshops that have proceedings. Accepted submissions may not appear in any other conference or workshop that has proceedings.  
 Submissions must be anonymous, with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgments or obvious references. Each should begin with a title, a short abstract and a list of keywords. Each submission should be at most 12 pages excluding bibliography and appendices using single column with at least 11pt size font, reasonably sized margins and in total not more than 18 pages. (A total of 16 pages will be applied to those papers accepted for publication in the proceedings.) Committee members are not required to read appendices and submissions should be intelligible without them. Submissions not meeting these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits.  
 Authors should report any "conflicts" with program committee members listed below. A conflict exists if an author and committee member have the same affiliation or have been co-authors on a paper within the past two years.  
 Program Committee  
  
 Frederik Armknecht | University of Mannheim, Germany 
 Josh Benaloh | Microsoft Research, USA 
 John Black | University of Colorado, USA 
 Jean-Sebastien Coron | University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 Orr Dunkelman | University of Haifa, Israel 
 Steven Galbraith | University of Auckland, New Zealand 
 Henri Gilbert | ANSSI, France 
 Jens Groth | University College London, UK 
 Helena Handschuh | Cryptography Research, Inc., USA 
 Thomas Johansson | Lund University, Sweden 
 Marc Joye | Technicolor, USA 
 John Kelsey | National Institute of Standards and Technology, USA 
 Dmitry Khovratovich | University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 Kwangjo Kim | Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Republic of Korea 
 Lars R. Knudsen | Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
 Anna Lysyanskaya | Brown University, USA 
 María Naya-Plasencia | Inria, France 
 Kaisa Nyberg (chair) | Aalto University School of Science, Finland 
 Elisabeth Oswald | University of Bristol, UK 
 Kenneth Paterson | Royal Holloway University of London, UK 
 David Pointcheval | École Normal Supérieure, France 
 Rei Safavi-Naini | University of Calgary, Canada 
 Kazue Sako | NEC, Japan 
 Palash Sarkar | Indian Statistical Institute, India 
 Ali Aydin Selçuk | TOBB University of Economics and Technology, Turkey 
 Nigel Smart | University of Bristol, UK 
 Vanessa Teague | University of Melbourne, Australia 
 Dominique Unruh | University of Tartu, Estonia 
 Serge Vaudenay | École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Switzerland 
 Huaxiong Wang | Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 

    