  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

   India HCI 2025   Home 
  Submission | Full Papers 
  Venue 
  Organizing Team 
  Registration 
  India HCI History | India HCI Conferences in the Past 
  Proceedings in the Past 
  Partners & Sponsors in Past 
  Distinguished Keynote Speakers in the Past 
   
  India HCI 2025     
 Home 
  Submission | Full Papers 
  Venue 
  Organizing Team 
  Registration 
  India HCI History | India HCI Conferences in the Past 
  Proceedings in the Past 
  Partners & Sponsors in Past 
  Distinguished Keynote Speakers in the Past 
  More | Home 
  Submission | Full Papers 
  Venue 
  Organizing Team 
  Registration 
  India HCI History | India HCI Conferences in the Past 
  Proceedings in the Past 
  Partners & Sponsors in Past 
  Distinguished Keynote Speakers in the Past 

 Call for Full  Papers   

 India HCI 2025 is the 16th edition of the international conference series on Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). Sponsored by the HCI Professionals Association of India and in cooperation with ACM’s special interest group on computer-human interaction (SIGCHI), India HCI brings together researchers and practitioners from diverse areas that include traditional graphical & web user interfaces, tangible & ubiquitous computing, virtual & augmented reality, multimedia, new input & output devices, computer games, privacy, security, visualization, health, accessibility and aging, designing for children with and for special needs, user modeling, engineering interactive systems, ICT for development, CSCW, Explainable Human Centric AI (XAI) and more. India HCI provides a special spotlight on papers that are relevant to South Asia, including those related to culture, language, socio-economic situations, and the industry from the region. The intimate size, single track, and comfortable surroundings make this conference an ideal opportunity to exchange research results and implementation experiences.   
 Submissions are sought that describe original, unpublished work generally in the field of HCI. India HCI uses an anonymous submission process (similar to CHI) for paper submissions. Please consult the India HCI ‘25 Author’s Guide for information on the ACM Paper Format (also mentioned below) and conference policies on previous and simultaneous publications. To preserve anonymity during review, the authors must remove their names and affiliations from the masthead. If authors have conducted relevant prior work, they must cite it appropriately, while also referring to this work in third person. Authors can revise their submissions based on the reviews they receive, prior to submitting their camera-ready manuscripts. Until the camera-readies have been checked off by the program committee, these must be considered conditionally accepted.   
 Accepted papers will be published in the India HCI 2025 Conference Proceedings.   
 To submit, see the   India HCI Electronic Submission site.     

 Conference Theme   

 This year’s conference theme is  “Transhumanism: Improving human condition through technology”  which aims to highlight emerging technologies in HCI that focus on   
 Understanding humans 
  Enabling humans 
  Augmenting humans 
  Replacing humans 
  Being humans 

 Important Dates   

 Full Paper Submission Deadline  - June 10th 2025   
 Initial Notification and Reviews  - August 1st 2025   
 Revised Submission  - August 10th 2025   
 Final Notification  - September 1st 2025   
 Camera Ready Submission  - September 11th 2025   

 Topics of relevance   

 Significantly novel enabling technologies such as innovative input devices, displays, new interaction techniques, or new media that extend the boundaries of traditional interaction, such as natural user interfaces and interactions, mixed reality, mobile interaction, computer games, health, accessibility and aging, user modeling.   We invite  submissions of research papers spanning various areas of HCI and design, including, but not limited to:   
 User Interfaces 
  Tangible & Ubiquitous Computing 
  Virtual & Augmented Reality 
  Multimedia and New Media 
  Natural User Interfaces 
  Interaction Techniques 
  Game Design 
  Privacy and Usable Security 
  Visualization 
  Health, Accessibility, and Aging 
  User Modeling 
  Engineering Interactive Systems 
  ICT for Development 
  Computer-Supported Collaborative Work (CSCW) 

 Focus and Scope of the Conference   

 Solutions that address various societal challenges, focusing on the social impact of HCI interventions in diverse contexts 
  User studies that engage qualitative or quantitative research methods and/or offer critical perspectives on technology design, deployment, and/or use. 
  Engineering interactive systems design, ubiquitous computing (including wearables), social software, ICT for development (ICTD), and computer-supported collaborative work (CSCW). 
  Innovative user interfaces for complex interaction contexts or challenging applications. Examples include managing large, complex information sets, usable privacy and security, multi-user interaction, crowdsourcing, automotive user experiences and in-vehicle interactions (devices and interface automation, instrumentation evaluation, interactive systems, benchmarking driver performance, and behaviour), or techniques that span devices distributed in time and space. 
  Breakthrough user experiences leveraging techniques such as machine learning, computer vision, computer graphics, speech processing, networking, or human perception and cognition. 
  Innovative software architectures, design tools, toolkits, programming systems, and development environments that support the development and use of the above technologies in user interfaces. 

 Length and Format   

 Paper Length  :  To be considered Full Papers, contributions should be more than six pages long (single column template). There is no hard page limit, but long papers without a proportional contribution are more likely to be rejected. Previous papers (if converted to the new ACM single-column format) would have run 14-18 pages in length.   
 Videos  : Videos accompanying submissions can be submitted through the India HCI EasyChair Electronic Submission Site as supplementary material (max 100 MB in size). Although papers must stand on their own, submitted videos will be available to reviewers as supporting material. Authors should note that no specific guidelines are given for developing a video. Videos are viewed only as supporting material, and authors of accepted papers will have the opportunity to prepare a more polished final video presentation for inclusion in the proceedings and as supplemental material in the ACM Digital Library. Authors should note that videos too need to maintain anonymity for the review process. Authors are free to update the video once their submission is accepted, if they wish to disclose themselves in the videos.   
 When submitting your video for review, please encode your video in a format that works across as many platforms as possible without the installation of additional codecs. Please note that the total aggregate size for a submission must not exceed 100 MBytes (including all documents and additional material).   
 Reviewing process  : Each paper will be subjected to rigorous review by two Associate Chairs (from the program committee) and two external reviewers (experts in the area that are not on the committee). Contact authors will be sent the initial reviews for their papers by August 1. Authors will have an opportunity to submit a 500-word rebuttal to answer questions or clarify misunderstandings of reviewers by August 11. The final decision for accepting or rejecting a paper will be done in a PC meeting, after which the authors will be notified of the decisions.   
 All acceptances will be conditional pending changes that the papers committee may suggest or require for the final camera-ready draft of the paper. The primary author of each accepted paper will receive detailed instructions on how to submit a final, publication-ready version of the paper. The paper will not be formally accepted to India HCI until authors revise it and submit a final draft for approval by the programme committee. Some submissions may be asked to undergo a more intense shepherding process in order to bring them to the standard required for India HCI. The deadline for submitting the “camera ready” version after all changes will be September 10. Additionally, at least one author of each paper needs to register for the conference by this date.   
 Paper Format:  All authors should submit manuscripts in the ACM Paper Format using Microsoft Word Template, LaTeX Template, or Overleaf. [Please note that the Microsoft Word Template contains invisible meta-tags related to the paper format and structure. While writing the paper authors are requested to add their content without altering any format and structure of the template.]   

 Associate Chairs   

 Aakash Johry, IIT Delhi 
  Abhishek Shrivastava, IIT Guwahati 
  Anirudha Joshi, IIT Bombay 
  Ayushi Tandon, Mahindra University, Hyderabad 
  Devanuj Balkrishan, JK Lakshmipat University, Jaipur 
  Dipanjan Chakraborty, BITS Pilani, Hyderabad 
  Gautami Tripathi, Jamia Hamdard, New Delhi 
  Girish Dalvi, IIT Bombay 
  Jyoti Kumar, IIT Delhi 
  Khyati Priya, IIT Bombay 
  Malay Dhamelia, IIT Bombay 
  Mamata Rao, NID, Ahmedabad 
  Manjiri Joshi, Swansea University, UK 
  Manohar Swaminathan, Microsoft Research, Bangalore 
  Naveen Bagalkot, Srishti Manipal Institute, Bangalore 
  Pallavi Rao, IIT Bombay 
  Pradipta Biswas, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore 
  Pranjal Borah, IIT Jodhpur 
  Pratiti Sarkar, Paytm, New Delhi 
  Pushpendra Singh, IIIT Delhi 
  Ravi Mahamuni, TCS Research, Pune 
  Sandeep Athavale, TCS Research, Pune 
  Saurabh Tewari, IIT Delhi 
  Sayan Sarcar, Birmingham City University, UK 
  Seema Krishnakumar, IIT Hyderabad 
  Shrikant Ekbote, MIT Institute of Design, Pune 
  Siddharth Gulati, University of Manchester, UK 
  Wricha Mishra, MIT ADT University, Pune 
  Anmol Srivastava, IIIT Delhi, New Delhi 
  Pragma Kar, IIIT Delhi, New Delhi 
  Richa Gupta, IIIT Delhi, New Delhi 
  Sandesh Sanjeev Phalke, IIIT Dharwad, Dharwad 

 © India HCI 2025. All Rights Reserved.     

 Home      

 Programme     

 Keynote Speakers      

 Conference Schedule      

 India HCI History     

 Past Proceedings      

 Past Conferences      

 Past Keynote   s     

 Past Sponsors      

 Information For Attendees      

 Organizing Committee      

 Become a student volunteer      

 Contact us      

 Register  

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  