Indocrypt 2024  

 December 18-21, 2024  
 Chennai, India  

     Home 
  Technical Program | Call for papers  Accepted Papers  Tutorials  Invited Talks 
  Registration & Venue | Venue & Accomodation  Registration Fee Details  Registration for Indian Participants  Registration for Foreign Participants  Visas 
  Committees | Program Committee  General Chairs  Organizing Committee 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 

 This site is designed for browsers with javascript.  
 The dates, name, and location for the conference are in a json file.   
   
  Procedure for submission:   
 Indocrypt 2024 is no longer accepting paper submission. click here  to access Easychair.  
 Call For Papers   
 Topics   
 Original papers on all technical aspects of cryptology are solicited for submission to Indocrypt 2024. We welcome submissions on all aspects of cryptography including but not limited to:  
 Access Control 
  Applied Cryptography 
  Attacks & Malicious Code 
  Authentication & Identification 
  Blockchain Security and Privacy 
  Cryptographic Protocols Multi-Party Computation 
  Data and Computation Integrity 
    
 Embedded System Security 
  Formal Methods for Security 
  Lightweight security 
  Network Security 
  Privacy-Enhancing Technologies 
  Public Key Cryptography 
  Post- quantum cryptography 
    
 Quantum Cryptography 
  Security & Privacy 
  Secure Distributed Computing 
  Security in the Internet of Things 
  Symmetric Key Cryptography 
  Zero-Knowledge Proofs 

 Instructions For Authors   
 High quality papers on unpublished research and implementation experiences may be submitted. All papers must be original and not substantially duplicated work that has been published at, or is simultaneously submitted to, a journal or another conference or workshop. Information about submissions may be shared with programme chairs of other conferences for the purpose of detecting duplication.  
 Submissions must be processed in LaTeX2e and must use the Springer LNCS format with default margins and font. Submissions must be anonymous, with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgements, or obvious references. Papers must be submitted electronically in PDF format. Each submission must begin with a title, a short abstract, and a list of key words, followed by a main body, appendices (if any), and references. The main body should begin with an introduction that summarizes the contributions of the paper at a level appropriate for a non-specialist reader. The length of the paper, including appendices (if any) and excluding references should not exceed 20 pages when formatted using the LNCS style. If the authors include appendices, they should be placed after the main body and before the references.  
 Optionally, additional supporting material can be appended to the submission. The additional supporting material should be placed after the references, it should be well-marked, and it has no prescribed form or page limit. Alternatively, the supporting material can be submitted as a separate file. Authors are encouraged to use this space to include proofs, source code, and other information allowing verification of results; unverifiable papers risk rejection. However, committee members will read the additional supporting material at their discretion, so the submission should be intelligible and self-contained without it. Submissions not meeting these requirements risk rejection without consideration of their mertis.  
 The proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. The final versions of the accepted papers will have a page limit of 20 pages (including appendices (if any) and excluding references). Thus, the submitted paper should represent what the authors expect to finally publish. All accepted papers must conform to the Springer publishing requirements, and authors will be required to sign the Springer’s LNCS Copyright form when submitting the proceedings version of their paper. By submitting a paper, the authors agree that if the paper is accepted, one of the authors will present the paper at the conference.  
 Timeline:   
 All deadlines correspond to 23:59:59 Anywhere on Earth (UTC-12).  
 Paper submission deadline: | September 08, 2024 | September 20, 2024 
  Notification to authors: October 18, 2024 
  Final manuscripts due: October 25, 2024 

  Indocrypt 2024  
  Copyright © 2024 by Society for Electronic Transactions and Security • All Rights Reserved  
  