Skip to content      

 Menu   Home 
  Attending 
  Program | Program overview 
  Program | June 18th 
  Program | June 19th 
  Program | June 20th 
  Program | June 21th 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Keynotes 
  Authors | Call for papers (early bird submission) 
  Call for papers (regular) 
  Call for posters and demos 
  Call for workshop proposals 
  Call for doctoral consortium 
  Call for industry track 
  Call for tutorials 
  Committees 
  Sponsors 
  Past conf. 

 Call for papers (early bird submission)  

 Call for papers is CLOSED    
 IMPORTANT DATES (EARLY BIRD submission – long papers, only)  
   
 Submission deadline: | NEW EXTENDED | deadline: Sept 21st, 2024 | Sep 07th, 2024 
  1st round notification: Nov 12th, 2024 | Oct 07th, 2024 
  revised version deadline: Dec 1st, 2024 
  2nd round and final notification: Dec 14th, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: Jan 14th, 2025 

 Submission to the early bird  

 Besides our regular submission process, we are excited to introduce an additional submission mechanism to accommodate the diverse needs of our participants: Early Bird Submission    , aiming to offer flexibilities, promote review quality, broaden participation, and foster an open and engaged community. The early bird submission will be hosted on OpenReview.net   . By participating in the early bird submission, you can refine your work based on constructive critiques from experts in the field, well before the regular submission deadline. The new mode shares the same reviewing and publication standards as the regular submission.  
 The early bird submission will accept long papers, only. The recommended formatting style is that of the IEEE proceedings, i.e. the traditional IEEE ICHI proceeding style. Paper submissions must adhere to the IEEE Proceeding`s Format.   
 The maximum paper length is up to 10 pages, plus references.  
  
 Early Bird and Regular Submission Deadlines   
 Early Bird Submission | Submission deadline: | Sep 07th, 2024 
  1st round notification: Oct 07th, 2024 | Initial reviews will be provided, categorizing submissions into ‘Accept,’ ‘Revise,’ or ‘Reject.’ 
  Revised version deadline: Nov 07th, 2024 
  Resubmission round and final notification: Dec 07th, 2024 
  Camera ready: March 07th, 2025 
  Submission platform (openreview): | Early bird submission – IEEE ICHI 2025 
  Implementing the early bird mode provides authors with opportunities to improve their submission. A submission can be accepted in the initial round review in the early bird (Oct 7th, 2024), in the resubmission round in early bird (Dec 7th, 2024), or in the regular submission.  
 If a paper is rejected in the early bird, authors may submit as a regular submission (submission by Jan 07 th  , 2025, notification by March 13th, 2025).  
 A paper accepted in the early bird may also be recommended for publication in the Journal of Healthcare Informatics Research  , following the decision of the chairs and of the EiC of the journal. The Journal of Healthcare Informatics Research highlights novel, cutting-edge contributions in computing for the health informatics research community. The publication policies of the JHIR apply.  
 If the early bird submission is accepted for publication in the JHIR, the paper must also be presented at the conference, requiring one author to register at the authors’ registration fee.  

 Reviewing  
   
 ICHI uses double-blind reviewing for full and short papers, submissions should therefore be anonymized and all references and links disclosing the authorship should be blinded appropriately.  

 Topics  
 IEEE-ICHI is dedicated to advancing areas such as artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), foundational principles of computer and information sciences and technology, communication technology to address challenges and problems in healthcare, and everyday wellness. Journal of Healthcare Informatics Research highlights novel, cutting-edge contributions in computing for the healthcare informatics research community. It covers three major tracks:  
 Analytics—focuses on advancing AI/ML-based decision support, generative AI, data analytics, knowledge discovery, and predictive modeling for healthcare research. 
  Systems—focuses on building and deploying novel healthcare informatics systems (e.g., architecture, framework, design, engineering, and application). 
  Human-centered Computing—focuses on intelligent communication with healthcare stakeholders (e.g., doctors, nurses, and patients), adaptive interface design for healthcare systems, user experiences of healthcare informatics applications, and understanding and motivating health behavior. 
  By addressing these areas, IEEE-ICHI aims to bridge the gap between healthcare and information technology, fostering interdisciplinary collaboration and development of novel methods to improve patient outcomes and public health.  

 Topics include but are not limited to:  
 Analytics: | AI/ML-based decision support systems | Generative AI for healthcare | Safe and trustworthy AI in healthcare | Interoperability and data integration | Predictive modeling | Medical information retrieval | Medical natural language processing | Smart health and connected health | Social media analytics | Medical recommender system | Disease profiling and personalized treatment | Visualization of medical data | Intelligent medical devices and sensors | Epidemiological surveillance systems and intervention modeling | Semantic Web, linked data, and ontology | Statistics and quality of medical data 
  Systems: | In-home and continuous health monitoring | Cybersecurity in healthcare | Healthcare software architecture, framework, design, and engineering | Electronic health records | Healthcare information systems | Healthcare workflow management | Health systems modeling and simulation 
  Human-Centered Computing: | Intelligent healthcare stakeholder communication systems | Mixed reality-based healthcare systems | Patient engagement and experience in healthcare | Usability studies in healthcare | User-interface design for medical devices and healthcare software | Health service delivery | Health games | Consumer and clinician health information needs, seeking, sharing, and use | Assistive and adaptive ubiquitous computing technologies 

 More details to come  

     © 2024-2025 IEEE. Sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society.  
   
 IEEE Privacy Policy    

 Copyright © 2024 IEEE ICHI 2025 –  OnePress  theme by FameThemes   

 WordPress Lightbox Plugin    

  