   
   
    Site Top 
  Schedule 
  Call for Papers 
  Registration 
  Conference Site 
  Program 
  Invited Talk 
  Q&A 
  Contact 

 Call for Papers    
 Submission of the presentation manuscripts  
  
 Submission of a new presentation | Between Nov. 8 (Fri) and Nov. 29, 2024 (Fri) 12:00 JST 
 Submission/revision of the online abstract | Between Nov. 8 (Fri) and Dec. 6, 2024 (Fri) 12:00 JST 
 Submission of the PDF manuscript | Between Nov. 8 (Fri) and Dec. 16, 2024 (Mon), 17:00 JST 

 ● Submission of a new presentation  
 You can submit a presentation once your registration to the conference is complete. Please refer to the Registration  page for details on the registration procedure.  
 ● Instructions for preparing your submissions  
 Submissions are only accepted via the online submission system.  
  The submitted material consists of an online abstract and a PDF manuscript.  
  The online abstract is limited to 1300 characters in English, or 500 characters in Japanese in text only (LaTeX formatting is unsupported).  
  The PDF manuscript is limited to 8 pages in A4 format with a maximum file size of 1.5 MB, in PDF format.  
  For details, please refer to the following document: How to Format and Submit Your Manuscript  . SCIS2025 is organized as a domestic conference under the statutes of the IEICE.  
  In accordance with IEICE rules, authors of submitted manuscripts are required to transfer the copyright on these works to the IEICE  .  
  Please read the IEICE Charter of Ethics  and IEICE Provisions on Copyright  when you prepare your manuscript. From perspective of cybersecurity research ethics, please check your manuscript using (2)(3) of the Checklist for ethical considerations in cybersecurity research  used by Computer Security Groups of Information Processing Society of Japan (CSEC of IPSJ).  
 Please read IEICE Charter of Ethics  when you prepare your manuscript.  
  ● Style files  
 Template files for your PDF manuscript can be downloaded below.  
 English ver.  Japanese ver.   
 ⚠ SCIS2025 is organized as a domestic conference under the statutes of the IEICE  . In accordance with IEICE rules, authors of submitted manuscripts are required to transfer the copyright on these works to the IEICE. See the Q&A  page for details.  
   
 Presentation    
 ●The presentation time  
 Each presentation time is 20 minutes. (15 minutes of lecture time and 5 minutes of Q&A time). The time includes the change of the speakers.  
   
 Paper awards    
 Innovation Paper Award  
 To promote the continued development of the Symposium on Cryptography and Information Security (SCIS), the IEICE Technical Committee on Information Security (ISEC) has established the Innovation Paper Award, starting from SCIS 2012. This award encourages novel research and technological development in the fields of cryptography and security, including not only new theoretical results, but also the formulation of new problems in IT and the opening of new research directions. The manuscripts of all SCIS 2025 presentations are eligible.  
  情報セキュリティ(ISEC)研究専門委員会におけるイノベーション論文賞の選奨規程   
   
 SCIS Paper Award  
 To promote the continued development of the Symposium on Cryptography and Information Security (SCIS) as well as the active participation of young researchers and technical experts in the fields of cryptography and security, the IEICE Technical Committee on Information Security (ISEC) has established the SCIS Paper Award, starting from 1993. All participants presenting a paper, who are currently enrolled in a Bachelor's program or have obtained their Bachelor's degree within the last 10 years, and who have not received the SCIS Paper Award before are eligible. Please contact the secretariat if you are not sure that your paper will be treated as its award.  
  情報セキュリティ(ISEC)研究専門委員会における SCIS 論文賞の選奨規程   

  