      
         
 Contact Us  | FAQ  |  LOG IN  SIGN UP    

 About 
  News 
  Journals | ISI Journals  
 Informing Science: The International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline (InformingSciJ) 
  Journal of Information Technology Education: Research (JITE:Research) 
  Journal of Information Technology Education: Innovations in Practice (JITE:IIP) 
  Journal of Information Technology Education: Discussion Cases (JITE: DC) 
  Interdisciplinary Journal of e-Skills and Lifelong Learning (IJELL) 
  Interdisciplinary Journal of Information, Knowledge, and Management (IJIKM) 
  International Journal of Doctoral Studies (IJDS) 
  Issues in Informing Science and Information Technology (IISIT) 
  Journal for the Study of Postsecondary and Tertiary Education (JSPTE) 
  Informing Faculty (IF) 
   Collaborative Journals  
 Muma Case Review (MCR) 
  Muma Business Review (MBR) 
  International Journal of Community Development and Management Studies (IJCDMS) 
  Conferences | InSITE 2025  : Jul 20 - 28 2025, Japan 
  All Conferences » 
  Community 
  Publications 

 MENU    
 About 
  News 
  Journals 
  Conferences 
  Community 
  Publications 
  Contact Us 
  FAQ 

 Journal of Information Technology Education: Research (JITE:Research)  
 Online ISSN: 1539-3585 • Print ISSN: 1547-9714   
   
 Overview  Journal Information  Message from Editor in Chief  Published Articles  Board Members  Reviewer Information  Article Submission  Indexed In     

 All articles of this open access  journal are licensed to you under the Creative Commons BY-NC 4.0  license. Copyright to articles is retained by their respective authors. Immediately upon publication, articles can be accessed from anywhere in the world at no charge.  
 There is no fee to submit an article. There is no publication fee for ISI members. Upon acceptance of the paper, non-members may choose to become a member or to pay a one-time publication fee of USD 75.  
 The journal is published by the Informing Science Institute, a 501(c)3 charitable association under USA tax laws, registered in the State of California with office at 131 Brookhill Court, Santa Rosa, California, USA.  
 This journal is archived by Portico.  

 Overview  
 The Journal of Information Technology Education: Research (JITE: Research)  publishes scholarly articles on the use of information technology in education.This includes using technology to enhance learning and to support teaching and teaching administration. In addition, articles with a sound underpinning of pedagogical principles on the teaching of information technology are also welcome. The journal publishes conceptual, theoretical, and empirical papers.  
 All manuscripts are submitted electronically, desk reviewed, and then double-blind peer reviewed  . We provide our published authors with widespread readership which comes from efficient processing and timely publishing online after final acceptance This approach ensures widest readership in the research and industrial communities and highest citing of the published works.  
 READ MORE   
   
  Recent Articles  
 Generative AI Solutions for Faculty and Students: A Review of Literature and Roadmap for Future Research    
 Giulio Marchena Sekli, Amy Godo, José Carlos Véliz   
   
 Computer-Assisted Career Guidance Tools for Students’ Career Path Planning: A Review on Enabling Technologies and Applications    
 G.A.C.A. Herath, B.T.G.S. Kumara, U.A.P. Ishanka, R.M.K.T. Rathnayaka   
   
 Enhancing Reading Instruction Through Gamification: A Systematic Review of Theoretical Models, Implementation Strategies, and Measurable Outcomes (2020-2024)    
 ZHIRU WANG, Jamalludin Harun, Yihuan Yuan   
   
 Enhancing L2 Writing Skills: ChatGPT as an Automated Feedback Tool    
 Gokce Kurt, YAVUZ KURT   
   
 Exploring Students’ and Faculty’s Knowledge, Attitudes, and Perceptions Towards ChatGPT: A Cross-Sectional Empirical Study    
 Faouzi Kamoun, Walid El Ayeb, Ibtissem Jabri, Sami Sifi, Farkhund Iqbal   
   
 BROWSE ALL    
 Editors-in-Chief  
  Tian Luo   
  tluo4work@gmail.com    
  Editor in Chief    
  
   Dr Kathryn MacCallum   
  kathryn.maccallum@gmail.com    
  Editor in Chief    
  
   Prof. Athanassios Jimoyiannis   
  ajimoyia@uop.gr    
  Associate Editor in Chief    
  
   Dr Man Fung (Kelvin) LO   
  lomf.mit@gmail.com    
  Associate Editor in Chief    
  
   Dr Krassie Petrova   
  krassiepetrova@gmail.com    
  Associate Editor in Chief    
  
   Dr Donna Jean Satterlee   
  donna.j.satterlee@gmail.com    
  Associate Editor in Chief    
  
   The Journal of Information Technology Education: Research is a scholarly forum for those wishing to explore and advance all aspects of education through the considered and appropriate application of information technology. We believe that sharing ideas and views from diverse communities, fields and epistemologies provides alternative perspectives and suggest novel solutions.We provide authors with both rapid turnaround and collegial mentoring. With more than 20 editors from 17 countries on ...  
 READ MORE    

 Overview 
  Journal Information 
  Message from Editor in Chief 
  Published Articles 
  Board Members 
  Reviewer Information 
  Article Submission 
  Indexed In 

 SUBMIT AN ARTICLE    
   
 Back to Top ↑   
   
 Advertise 
  Sponsor Us 
  CONTACT 
  FAQ 
    
 Become a Reviewer 
  ISI Videos 
  Mentorship 
  Second Act 

 Privacy Policy 
  Ethics Policy 
  Legal Disclaimer 
  SITE MAP 

 SEARCH PUBLICATIONS  

  