 
  
 Call For Papers  
 2021-06-10  

 We are about to enter the era of artificial intelligence, big data and the interconnection of all things. One challenging and fundamental issue to be resolved is to develop enabling technologies for robustly locating persons, devices or items of interest in indoor scenarios. Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is the premier international conference that focuses on indoor localization technical discussion and competition.  
  Since the first edition of IPIN, launched in 2010 in Zurich, Switzerland, IPIN has become a global platform for researchers, students and enterprises from countries and regions coming from all over the world.  
  In 2022, the 12th IPIN Conference and the 9th IPIN Competition is coming to China for the first time to be held in Beijing, an ancient capital with a history of thousands of years. Seminars, technical sessions, exhibitions and competitions are planned.  
  Under the restriction of COVID-19's prevention and control policy, IPIN2022 will adopt a hybrid format face-to-face and online. You are cordially invited to come and join us in Beijing or online!  

 Topics of interest include:  
   
 The conference encourages the submission of original contributions in topics regarding Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation including, but not limited to:  
 User Requirements 
  Frameworks for Hybrid Positioning 
  Hybrid IMU Pedestrian Navigation & Foot Mounted Navigation 
  Human Motion Monitoring 
  Wearable and Multi-sensor Systems 
  High Sensitivity GNSS, Indoor GNSS, Pseudolites 
  Mitigating GNSS Errors Switching to Indoors 
  Smartphone based High Accurate Positioning 
  Localization, Algorithms for Wireless Sensor Networks or Cellular Networks 
  TOF, TDOA based Localization 
  RSSI, Magnetic Fingerprinting 

  Ultrasound Systems 
  UWB (Ultra‐wideband) 
  Passive & Active RFID 
  Optical Systems 
  Industrial Metrology & Geodetic Systems, iGPS 
  Radar Systems 
  Mapping, SLAM 
  Indoor Spatial Data Model & Indoor Mobile Mapping 
  Novel Uses of Maps and 3D Building Models 
  Innovative Systems 
  Privacy and Security for ILS 
  Location-based Services and Applications 
  Awareness & Context Detection 
  Health and Wellness Applications 
  Benchmarking, Assessment, Evaluation, Standards 
  AI-based Positioning 

 TECHNICAL PAPERS  
   
 IPIN solicits submissions of high-quality technical papers reporting original work not previously published, nor currently submitted for consideration elsewhere. Papers may be submitted as one of the following two types:  
  -Regular paper: limited to 8 IEEE format pages, for oral presentation.  
  -Work-in-Progress (WiP) paper: from 5 to 8 LNCS (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) format pages, for a poster or oral presentation.  
  Paper submission instructions are detailed at http://ipin-conference.org/2022/   
  Papers undergo a single-blinded review process with at least two reviewers. Accepted regular papers will be submitted to the IEEE Xplore Digital Library, and accepted WiP papers to CEUR-WS.org  , which is currently indexed by Scopus, Ei Compendex and DBLP.   
  For both types of papers, authors have the opportunity to send a technically extended version of the presented conference papers to Satellite Navigation ( https://satellite-navigation.springeropen.com/  ) which is currently indexed by ESCI (Emerging Sources Citation Index).  

 COMPETITION  
   
 The 9th IPIN Competition will take place the days before the conference, following the traditional form with both on-site and off-site tracks.( https://evaal.aaloa.org  )  

 OTHER ACTIVITIES  
   
 The conference includes keynotes, tutorials and industry exhibitions.  

  