IPSN  2023    
 May 9-12, 2023  
  San Antonio, Texas USA  
     
 Home 
  Organization 
  Program 
  Table of Contents 
  Awards 
  Papers 
  Posters and Demos 
  Calls 
  Registration 

 Call for papers   
 The ACM/IEEE International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN) is the leading annual forum on research at the intersection of networked embedded sensing, control, and systems design. Now in its 22nd year, IPSN has been at the forefront of the development of today’s "smart" systems. IPSN brings together researchers from academia, industry, and government to present and discuss recent advances in both theoretical and experimental research on all aspects of networked systems of sensors and actuators. Its scope includes signal and image processing information and coding theory, databases and information management, distributed algorithms, networks and protocols, wireless communications, collaborative objects the Internet of Things (IoT), machine learning, mobile and social sensing, and embedded systems design. Of special interest are contributions at the confluence of multiple of these areas.  
 IPSN 2023 is part of the CPS-IoT Week, the premier venue for research and development of cyber-physical systems. IPSN is co-sponsored by both the ACM and IEEE, and it continues to emphasize research that bridges multiple research communities. IPSN is interested in all aspects of sensor networks, ranging from traditional topics such as networking to more recent developments such as embedded machine learning, RF sensing and computer vision.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
  
 Systems, Architectures, and Tools | Sensor data storage, retrieval, processing 
  Network and system architectures and protocols 
  IoT gateway platform architecture and services 
  Programming models, languages, and systems 
  Programming models for IoT ensembles 
  Modeling, simulation, and measurement tools 
  Operating systems and runtime environments 
  Discovery, coordination, and use of IoT services 
  IoT reliability, adaptability, and dependability 
  Technical assessment of emerging IoT standards 
  Algorithms, Data, and Theory | Localization, synchronization, RFID, and RF sensing 
  VLC and visible light based sensing 
  Data related issues, such as methods, tools, and analysis 
  Coding, compression, and information theory 
  Theoretical foundations and fundamental bounds 
  Applications | Applications in health, wellness & sustainability 
  Applications in smart cities and urban health 
  Experiences, challenges, comparisons of platforms 
  Sensor-enabled drone / autonomous vehicle platforms and algorithms 
  Outdoor, wide-area, or crowdsourced sensing systems 
  Wearable systems and data processing algorithms 
  Sensor data processing for augmented and virtual reality applications 
  Security and Privacy | Security and privacy 
  Fairness, equity, and transparency issues in IoT and CPS 
  Machine Learning | Machine learning, deep, federated and multimodal learning on sensor data 
  New hardware and system design to enable machine learning on sensor data 
  Computer vision / RF sensing / visible light based sensing for resource-constrained and mobile platforms 
  Novel embedded machine learning algorithms 
   
 In addition to the established Best Paper Award, IPSN 2023 will provide a Best Research Artifact Award to the authors who have contributed the research artifact that is judged to be the most novel, easy to use, well documented, and useful to advance research. Research artifacts, such as code, data sets, and tools, are highly encouraged to be submitted or made available simultaneously with paper submission.  
 IPSN 2023 accepts double-blind paper submissions which have not been previously published. Posted technical reports (ArXiv or similar) do not count as prior publication and do not violate the double-blind requirement. Submitted manuscripts are up to 12 single-spaced 8.5" x 11" pages with 9-pt font size in two-column format inclusive of figures, tables, and references, following the ACM primary article template  . LaTeX submissions should use the acmart.cls template (sigconf option), with the default 9-pt font. Papers are to be submitted at https://ipsn2023.hotcrp.com/  . During the review process, the reviewers may anonymously communicate with the authors for clarifying questions.  
 IPSN collaborates closely with the IoTDI conference  , given the proximity in research themes (both related to IoT) and the co-location in CPS-IoT Week. We provide submission guidelines  to aid prospective authors with the conference venue selection. In the meantime, we would like to make explicit that double submission remains prohibited under ACM's policy of Prior Publication and Simultaneous Submissions  . In 2023 and to foster a closer joint-community, we would invite quality submissions to one venue for publication at the other, in case we find fit and the authors agree.  
 Camera-Ready Submission Information  
 TBD  
 Selected outstanding papers may be fast-tracked as a special section of ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks.  
  Key Dates  

 Paper Abstract Registration: | October 31, 2022 11:59:59pm AoE 
 Paper Submission Deadline: | October 31, 2022 11:59:59pm AoE 
 Acceptance Notification: | January 20, 2023 
 Camera-Ready Deadline: | March 22, 2022   ( Instructions  ) 
 CPS-IoT Week: | May 9-12, 2023 

 CPS-IoT Week 2023  
  
 The IPSN conference is part of CPS-IoT Week  , the premier event on Cyber-Physical Systems. This year CPS-IoT Week brings together five top conferences: HSCC, ICCPS, IPSN, IoTDI and RTAS.  
  
 Registration  
  
 All registration is handled through the CPS-IoT website. Register here  .  
  
 Important Dates  

 Paper Abstract Registration: | October 31, 2022 11:59:59pm AoE 
 Paper Submission Deadline: | October 31, 2022 11:59:59pm AoE 
 Acceptance Notification: | January 20, 2023 
 Camera-Ready Deadline: | March 6, 2023   ( Instructions  ) 
 CPS-IoT Week: | May 9-12, 2023   
  San Antonio,  
  Texas USA 

 Helpful Links  

 Submission Site 
 CPS-IoT Week 
 IPSN 2022 

 Social  
  
 Tweets by IPSN 2023   

 © IPSN 2023: The 22nd ACM/IEEE Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks. 
  Design: | HTML5 UP 
  Questions or comments about the website? Please contact | Scott Zhao | , Web Chair, IPSN 2023. 

  