 
 IPSN 2020     
 April 21-24, 2020  
  Sydney, Australia  

 Home 
  Organization 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Program 
  Posters/Demos 
  PhD Forum 
  Registration 

 Call for papers   
 CPS-IoT Week 2020  
  
 CPS-IoT Week is the premier event on Cyber-Physical Systems. This year it brings together five top conferences, HSCC, ICCPS, IPSN, IoTDI and RTAS  
 Learn More   
 Networking  
  
 Tweets by IPSN 2020 

 The International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN) is the leading annual forum on research at the intersection of networked embedded sensing, control, and systems design. Now in its 19th year, IPSN has been at the forefront of the development of today’s "smart" systems. IPSN brings together researchers from academia, industry, and government to present and discuss recent advances in both theoretical and experimental research on all aspects of networked systems of sensors and actuators. Its scope includes signal and image processing, information and coding theory, databases and information management, distributed algorithms, networks and protocols, wireless communications, collaborative objects, the Internet of Things, machine learning, mobile and social sensing, and embedded systems design. Of special interest are contributions at the confluence of multiple of these areas.  
 IPSN 2020 continues its co-location with CPS-IoT WEEK, the premier venue for research and development of cyber-physical systems. IPSN is co-sponsored by both the ACM and IEEE, and it continues to emphasize research that bridges multiple research communities. IPSN is interested in all aspects of sensor networks, ranging from traditional topics such as networking to more recent developments such as embedded machine learning and computer vision.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
  
 Sensor data storage, retrieval, processing 
  Coding, compression, and information theory 
  Theoretical foundations and fundamental bounds 
  Network and system architectures and protocols 
  IoT gateway platform architecture and services 
  Outdoor, wide-area, or crowdsourced sensing systems 
  Localization, synchronization, RFID, and RF sensing 
  Programming models, languages, and systems 
  Programming models for IoT ensembles 
  Modeling, simulation, and measurement tools 
  Operating systems and runtime environments 
  Applications in health, wellness & sustainability 
  Applications in smart cities and urban health 
  Experiences, challenges, comparisons of platforms 
  Discovery, coordination, and use of IoT services 
  Security and privacy 
  IoT reliability, adaptability, and dependability 
  Technical assessment of emerging IoT standards 
  Wearable systems and data processing algorithms 
  Sensor-enabled drone / autonomous vehicle platforms and algorithms 
  Machine learning and deep learning on sensor data 
  New hardware and system design to enable machine learning on sensor data 
  Novel embedded machine learning algorithms 
  Data related issues, such as methods, tools, and analysis 
  Fairness, equity, and transparency issues in IoT and CPS 
  Computer vision for resource-constrained and mobile platforms 
   
 Research artifacts, such as code, data sets, and tools, are highly encouraged to be submitted or made available simultaneously with paper submission. For the first time this year, IPSN 2020 will have a "Best Research Artifact Award"  , given to the authors who have contributed the research artifact that is judged to be most novel, easy to use, well documented, and useful to advance research.  
 IPSN 2020 accepts double-blind paper submissions which have not been previously published. Posted technical reports (ArXiv or similar) do not count as prior publication and do not violate the double-blind requirement. Submitted manuscripts are up to 12 pages, inclusive of figures, tables, and references, following the ACM master article template. Papers are to be submitted at https://ipsn2020.hotcrp.com/   
 IPSN collaborates closely with IoTDI  conference, their relationship underpinned by exploring the topics related to IoT and their co-location in CPS-IoT Week. We provide submission guidelines  to aid prosepective authors with the conference venue selection.  
 Important Dates  

 Paper Abstract Registration: | 16 October 2019 11:59:59pm AoE 
 Paper Submission Deadline: (Firm*)  : | 23 October 2019 11:59:59pm AoE 
 Acceptance Notification: | 10 January 2020 
 Camera-Ready Deadline: | 16 February 2020 
 CPS-IoT Week: | 21-24 April 2020, in Sydney, Australia 
  
 *Please note the CPS-IoT WEEK policy for firm deadlines    

 © IPSN 2020: The 19th ACM/IEEE Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks. 
  Design: | HTML5 UP 
  Questions or comments about the website? Please contact | Sujay Narayana | , Web Chair, IPSN 2020. 

  