  ISAIM 2024  
 International Symposium on Artificial Intelligence and Mathematics  
 Fort Lauderdale, FL. January 8–10, 2024  

 Main Pages  
 ISAIM Home 
  IWCIA Home 
  ISAIM 35 th  Anniver-sary @ JMM 2025 
  News 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper Submissions | Submit to ISAIM 
  Submit to IWCIA 
  Registration 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Venue and Travel 
  Important Dates 
  Organization  
 Committees 
  Previous Meetings 
  Sponsors 
  Contact Us 
    
 Call for Papers  
 ABOUT THE SYMPOSIUM  
 The International Symposium on Artificial Intelligence and Mathematics (ISAIM) is a biennial meeting that fosters interactions between mathematics, theoretical computer science, and artificial intelligence (AI). This is the eighteenth Symposium in the series, which is sponsored by Annals of Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence  .  
 We seek submissions of recent results with a particular emphasis on the foundations of AI and mathematical methods used in AI. Papers describing applications are also encouraged, but the focus should be on principled lessons learned from the development of the application. Traditionally, the Symposium attracts participants from a variety of disciplines, thereby providing a unique forum for scientific exchange. The three-day Symposium includes invited speakers, presentations of technical papers, and special topic sessions.  
 Work that will have been published as of January 2024 should not be submitted to ISAIM unless it introduces a significant addition to the previously published work. However, the ISAIM web site proceedings are not archival, so papers submitted to ISAIM can be under review elsewhere at the time of submission and can be submitted elsewhere after ISAIM.  
 Authors of a selected set of papers from the Symposium will be invited to submit full versions of their papers for inclusion in an archival special volume of the Annals of Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence  , published by Springer. Those invited submissions will be subject to refereeing at the usual standards of the journal, and authors will receive more details with the acceptance notice. Papers must of course be new and unpublished to be considered for the special volume.  
 PAPER SUBMISSIONS  
 Please select Paper Submissions  from the sidebar for instructions on how to submit a paper.  
 Any questions regarding paper submissions should be sent to the Program Committee Chairs (Claudio Gentille and Aldo Pacchiano) at the email address isaim-l@lists.ou.edu  .  
 IMPORTANT DATES  
  
 Paper submission | October 17 (extended from Oct 9), 2023 (11:59 PM PDT) 
 Notification | November 15 (extended from Nov 8), 2023 (11:59 PM PDT) 
 Final papers due | November 29, 2023 (11:59 PM PDT) 
 Workshop | January 8-10, 2024, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 

  