  The International Association for Automation and Robotics in Construction  

  Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Submissions | Author Instructions 
  Review and Publication Process 
  Paper and Presentation Types 
  Program | Welcome Reception 
  Gala Dinner 2025 
  Technical Trip 
  Attending ISARC 2025 | CONFERENCE VENUE 
  TRAVEL VISA 
  GETTING TO MONTREAL 
  PREPARE YOUR STAY 
  PLACES TO VISIT 
  Register 
  About Us | About IAARC 
  Local Organizing Committee 
  Publications Organizing Team 
  ISARC Proceedings 
  Return to IAARC 

 Paper and Presentation Types  
 With a minimum change to the ISARC history, we introduced in 2021 different types of papers and presentations for ISARC. These intend to improve the conference’s quality and attendees’ experience.  
 Two types of papers | Scientific Papers | These are the regular “technical papers” as in previous ISARC. 
  It stresses stronger requirements on scientific contributions and the intellectual merits of the accepted papers. 
  Included in annual ISARC proceedings (available | online | at no cost) and Scopus listing 
  Recommended length: 6~8 pages, including references. 
  Short Papers | To attract more industry attendance to ISARC, we introduce this new type of paper with a higher focus on practical applications and case studies in real construction projects 
  This type of paper is more friendly for case study papers or industry submissions. 
  This is similar to extended abstracts or industry papers in other conferences. 
  Included in annual ISARC proceedings (available | online | at no cost) and Scopus listing 
  Recommended length: no more than 4 pages, including references. 
  Three types of presentation | Presentation Template (.PPTX) – TBA 
  Presentation types are not necessarily connected with the paper types indicated above. 
  The presentation types are decided by the technical committee based on the area chairs and reviewers’ recommendations. | The ranking of all papers is based on the average paper ratings from the reviewers and the presentation types recommended by area chairs. 
  Keynote & Plenary talks | The top papers will be classified as keynote and plenary talks based on their ranking. The number of top papers will be determined based on the number of submissions and the duration of the conference. Typically, there might be 1 keynote + 2 plenary talks/day. 
  Each keynote talk is a 20-minute live presentation + 10-minute Q&A. 
  Each plenary talk is a 15-minute live presentation + 5-minute Q&A. 
  Parallel talks | Parallel track names are determined by the technical committee. 
  Each parallel talk is a 8-minute live presentation + 5-minute Q&A. 
  Poster talks | Depending on the conference setting/infrastructure, the papers selected for Poster presentation will be displayed during the whole conference, starting from the reception event. In general, during the welcome reception there will be dedicated sessions for Q&A of posters. 

 © 1984-2024 The International Association for Automation and Robotics in Construction (IAARC)   

   Dr. Mohamed Al-Hussein is a professor, Research Chair in the Industrialization and Decarbonization of Construction, in the of Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the University of Alberta. He held the NSERC Industrial Research Chair in the Industrialization of Building Construction and was the inaugural director of the Nasseri School of Building Science and Engineering. He is a highly sought researcher in the areas of modular and offsite construction, lean manufacturing, construction process optimization, and BIM. Dr. Al-Hussein’s research has been published in over 400 articles in leading journals and conference proceedings.  
   
 CLOSE    
   
 Farzad is a Professor of Digital Engineering at the School of Computing, Engineering and Digital Technologies, Teesside University, UK. He is the leader of the Centre for Sustainable Engineering and Open Research and Output Quality Lead, SCEDT, Teesside University. He is Editor in Chief: Smart and Sustainable Built Environment (SCI/JCR IF=3.6, CiteScore Tracker: 9.1) and Associate Editor: AUTOMATION IN CONSTRUCTION (SCI/JCR IF=10.3, Citescore: 16.7). Farzad has a robust research track record delivering more than 200 quality publications and more than 3800 citations. Farzad’s research covers various aspects of Construction 5.0, with a strong emphasis on adopting cutting-edge technologies to serve the NetZero and sustainability agenda, including XR for H&S training, AI and deep-learning for sustainable infrastructures and logistics, smart construction, circular construction, energy policies, data-driven digital twins, demand response optimisation, smart energies, DLT and blockchain technologies, and social innovation. Farzad has successfully led several high-profile research projects – from H2021, InnovateUK through to the Arts and Humanities Research Council (AHRC), European Regional Development Funds (ERDF), Construction Scotland Innovation Centre (CSIC), Scottish Funding Council (SFC), Data Lab, and Advanced Forming Research Centre (AFRC). Farzad secured research and innovation income of over £2.5m. This expertise and standing are also recognised through several high-profile bodies, including the International Council for Building (CIB) and buildingSMART International. He graduated with 10 PhD students in the topics across the fields above, and some of them are already senior academics at reputable institutions such as the University of Cambridge, the University of Edinburgh, and the University of Salford, and some hold leadership positions in the industry.  
   
 CLOSE    
   
  