 IEEE.org    
   
 IEEE Xplore Digital Library    
   
 IEEE Standards    
   
 IEEE Spectrum    
   
 More Sites    

 IEEE ISCAS 2025       
 About | Organizing Committee 
  Conference History 
  IEEE Policies 
  FAQ 
  Program | Plenary Speakers 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Live Demos 
  Call For Grand Challenge 
  Authors | Initial Author Instructions 
  Journal Special Issue 
  Travel/Venue | Conference Venue 
  Getting to London 
  Avoid Hotel Fraud 
  Partnering Hotels 
  Things to do in London 
  Sponsors & Exhibitors | Become a Sponsor 
  Sponsor Listing 

 Call for Tutorials  Call for Tutorials  

 The IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS) is the flagship conference of the IEEE Circuits and Systems (CAS) Society and the world’s premiere forum for researchers in the active fields of theory, design and implementation of circuits and systems. This is accomplished through technical conference sessions, poster sessions, live demonstration sessions, and publication of conference papers. ISCAS 2025 will be driven by the theme “Technology Disruption and Society” aiming to emphasize the potential of the CAS Society to find innovative solutions to challenges facing society today.  
 Participation in tutorials and technical meetings is an excellent opportunity for lifelong learning, and ISCAS 2025 is committed to supporting your professional development.  
 Suitable tutorial topics range from emerging research areas to established techniques of practical and industrial relevance within the scope of the Circuits and Systems Society.  

 October 15, 2024    Tutorial Proposals Submission Deadline - Extended 
  November 8, 2024    Tutorial Proposals Notification 
  May 1, 2024    Submission of Final Tutorial Slides 

 Tutorial Proposals Submission Guidelines  
 Please submit tutorial proposals Please submit proposals (in pdf format) through the Google Form below.  
 The proposal should include a two-page (maximum) description of the tutorial (see below for details) and one-page professional biographies of the tutorial speakers that highlight their qualifications and track records in the proposed subject area of the tutorial. The proposal needs to contain the following information:  
 Format of the Tutorial: | Full-day or Half-day. 
  Title and Abstract: | Propose a title and an abstract that allows conference attendees to quickly and | accurately understand the subject matter of the tutorial. 
  Motivation and Focus: | Explain why your topic is important to the ISCAS community and what you hope | the participants will learn by attending your tutorial. In this section, please provide a syllabus outlining the contents of the tutorial and the learning outcomes. This syllabus should be realistic, given the time available. 
  List of Speakers: | This is in addition to the tutorial organizers. Some tutorials may feature different | speakers that should be advertised, but it is not necessary, nor a requirement. For instance, a full-day tutorial may have, at most, four different speakers, while a halfday tutorial could have up to two speakers. If you plan to have multiple speakers, please provide their names and affiliations and clearly describe the parts of the tutorial that they will cover. 
  Basic Structure of the Tutorial: | In this section, please describe your use of the time available. (e.g., morning | lectures: fundamentals and case studies; afternoon panel discussion or brainstorming sessions, etc.). 
  Authors of each of the two most successful tutorials will be invited to write a corresponding overview paper in the Circuits and Systems Magazine or in the IEEE Transactions on Circuits and System – Part I: Regular Papers, or IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems II: Express Briefs (TCAS-II) , or IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems (TBioCAS).  

 IEEE Links    IEEE Home 
  IEEE Sitemap/More Sites 
  IEEE Contact & Support 
  IEEE Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
    
 IEEE Home    
   
 IEEE Sitemap/More Sites    
   
 IEEE Contact & Support    
   
 IEEE Accessibility Statement    
   
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy    
   
 IEEE Ethics Reporting    
   
 IEEE Privacy Policy    

 This site is created, maintained, and managed by Conference Catalysts, LLC  .   
 Please feel free to contact us  for any assistance.   

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  About 
  Program 
  Authors 
  Travel/Venue 
  Sponsors & Exhibitors 

  