Skip to content    
 30th IEEE Symposium on Computers and Communications (ISCC)    
 IEEE ISCC 2025 | 2 - 5 July, Bologna Italy    
 Computers and Communications for the benefits of Humanity    

 Home 
  About 
  Committee 
  Authors 
  Hotel/Travel 
  Co-Located Events 
  Program 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  About 
  Committee 
  Authors 
  Hotel/Travel 
  Co-Located Events 
  Program 

 AUTHORS   
 Submission Guidelines  
 Review manuscripts should describe original work and should be no more than 7 pages  in the IEEE double-column proceedings format, including tables, figures and references. In order to download manuscript templates for IEEE conference proceedings use the following link: https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html.   
 Papers can be submitted directly to EDAS: link   
 Note that accepted papers of up to 6 pages  will be published with no additional charge  . Exceeding pages  will be charged an additional fee  . Papers exceeding 7 pages will not be accepted  . At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register to the conference and present the paper. Only registered and presented papers will be published in the conference proceedings. Accepted papers will be included in the ISCC 2025 proceedings and will be submitted for inclusion to IEEE Xplore. The ISCC proceedings have been indexed in the past by ISI, DBLP and Scopus. This makes the ISCC conference one of the publication venues with very high visibility and impact in both Computer and Communications areas.  
 If you are using LaTeX, please analyze your article’s LaTeX files prior to submission to avoid delays in publishing. The IEEE LaTeX Analyzer will identify potential setbacks such as incomplete files or different versions of LaTeX.  
    
 Topics of Interest  
 ISCC 2025, in its 30th edition, will provide an insight into the unique world stemming from the interaction between the fields of computers and communications. ISCC 2025 will provide a high-quality international technical forum for experts from industry and academia to exchange ideas and present results of ongoing research and emerging technologies in most state-of-the-art areas of computers and communications. The program will cover a number of symposia in addition to demos, posters, and workshop sessions.  
 You are invited to submit a full paper, poster, demo  or a workshop proposal  related, but not limited, to the following Topics of Interest  :  
 5th Generation Networks and Beyond 
  Application domain / Framework / Architecture 
  Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Computers and Communications 
  Cloud and Edge Computing 
  Cutting Edge Technologies 
  Emerging Topics in AI and Machine Learning 
  Emerging Topics in Security and Cryptography 
  Internet of Things (IoT) 
  Optical Networks 
  Satellite and Space Communications 
  Security in Computers and Communications 
  Services and Protocols 
  Software Defined Networks, Applications and Services 
  Software Engineering 
  Vehicular Networks 
  Wireless Networks 

 AUTHORS   
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
 CALL FOR POSTERS & DEMOS   
 CALL FOR TUTORIALS   
 CALL FOR WORKSHOPS   

 POLICIES  

 Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook-f      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

   