IEEE-top-menu  
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  IEEE Standards 
  More Sites 

 IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium (IMS)   
 15-20 June 2025, Moscone Center, San Francisco, CA    

       Home 
  About IMS  Toggle submenu | 2025 Preliminary Conference & Exhibition Schedule 
  2024 Exhibitor & Media Sponsors 
  History of IMS 
  Sponsoring Society 
  Past and Future IMS 
  RFIC 
  ARFTG 
    I AM IMS Series | Rui Ma 
  Hazal Yüksel 
  Arya Menon 
  Quenton Bonds 
  Parrish Ralston 
  Charlie Smith III 
  Jasmin Grosinger 
  Aline Eid 
  Bryant Delgado 
    Netra Pillay 
  Kasyap Patel 
  Rashaunda Henderson 
  IMS2025 Exhibition  Toggle submenu | Exhibition Floorplan 
  Exhibitor Prospectus & Sponsorship Guide 
  Exhibition Booth Space Application 
  IMS2025 Exhibitor Meeting Room Requests 
  MicroApps and Industry Workshops 
  IMS2025 Call for Papers  Toggle submenu | IMS2025 Technical Paper Open Forum 
  Technical Program Competitions Overview 
  MWTL Special Issue of "Top IMS2025 Papers" 
  Students  Toggle submenu | Student Ambassadors 
  John Bandler Memorial Three Minute Thesis 
  PhD Student Sponsorship Initiative 
  Project Connect | How to Apply 
  Student Design Competitions 
  Attend  Toggle submenu | Housing 
  Visa Information 
  Traveling to San Francisco, CA 

 Home 
  Call For Papers 
    
 Main navigation  
 IMS2025 Technical Paper Open Forum 
  Technical Program Competitions Overview 
  MWTL Special Issue of "Top IMS2025 Papers" 

 Call For Papers   
     
 Authors are invited to submit technical papers describing original work and/or advanced practices on MHz through THz theory and technology. A double-blind review process will be used ensuring anonymity for both authors and reviewers. The Symposium proceedings will be archived electronically and submitted to IEEE Xplore.  
    
 Click the button to begin the submission process  
  IMS2025 Technical Paper Open Forum Available On Demand!   
   
 The Technical Program Committee Chairs answered questions from authors during the IMS2025 Technical Paper Open Forum. Don’t miss this chance to see their guidance for submitting a paper, double-blind review compliance, getting the most out of your figures, and more.  
  
  "All papers submitted for IMS2025 should adhere to the following format: (1) four pages maximum with the second column of the fourth page containing ONLY acknowledgements and references. (2) Technical content is permitted in the first column of the fourth page. (3) Submissions should adhere to the double-blind review criteria with authors, affiliations, and acknowledgements removed for review by the Technical Program Review Committee. References to the authors' work should be done in the third-person so that authorship of the submitted manuscript is not evident."   
 Please see links below to various materials helpful in completing your paper submission.  
 IMS2025 Call for Papers 
  Double Blind Instructions 
  Word Template and Instructions 
  LaTeX Template and Instructions 
  Author Instructions 
  Back by popular demand, the 50 top-ranked papers, as determined by the Technical Paper Review Committee (TPRC), will be invited to submit their paper to the IEEE Microwave and Wireless Components Letters (MWCL) for publication.  
 Learn more about the MWTL Special Issue of Top IMS2025 Papers   
 IMS also has a number of Technical Competitions for Students, Young Professionals and Industry Members.  
 Learn more about the Technical Competitions   
  “IEEE defines plagiarism as the use of someone else’s prior ideas, processes, results, data, algorithms, or words without explicitly acknowledging the original author and/or source.”  
 This includes:  
  • Verbatim copying of another authors work.  
  • Paraphrasing, or rewording another author’s text but having the same meaning, is forbidden. (Paraphrasing a small section of a paper is permitted if it is properly cited.)  
  • Using data from another author’s paper must be properly cited.  
  • Artificial Intelligence generation of any part of a paper is forbidden  

 Footer  
 Sitemap 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies 
  Terms & Conditions 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 

 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
 IMS photos courtesy of Lyle Photos  , Atlanta.  

 IMS2025 Exhibition Sales and Support   
  ims@heiexpo.com   
 IMS Customer Support   
  support@mtt.org   

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  

  