ISSAC  
 International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation  
   
 Home 
  Invited Talks 
  Tutorials 
  Local Information 
  Submitting 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Accepted Papers 
  Posters 
  Awards 
  Program 
    
 About ISSAC 
  Past Conferences 
   
 Sponsored by:  

 Full Papers  
 The program committee has accepted the 49 papers below.  
 List of Accepted Papers  
 Jean-Guillaume Dumas and Bruno Grenet. | In-place accumulation of fast multiplication formulae 
  Jean-Guillaume Dumas and Bruno Grenet. | In-place fast polynomial modular remainder 
  Alexandre Guillemot and Pierre Lairez. | Validated Numerics for Algebraic Path Tracking 
  Hao Liang, Jingyu Lu, Manolis C. Tsakiris and Lihong Zhi. | Unlabeled Sensing Using Rank-One Moment Matrix Completion 
  Rizeng Chen and Bican Xia. | Reduction of Transcendental Decision Problems over the Reals 
  Carlos Arreche and Hari Sitaula. | Computing discrete residues of rational functions 
  Qiyuan Chen and Ke Ye. | A quasi-optimal lower bound for skew polynomial multiplication 
  Shaoshi Chen, Ruyong Feng, Manuel Kauers and Xiuyun Li. | Parallel Summation in P-Recursive Extensions 
  Ido Nahshon and Amir Shpilka. | New Bounds on Quotient Polynomials with Applications to Exact Division and Divisibility Testing of Sparse Polynomials 
  Manfred Buchacher and Manuel Kauers. | On the Problem of Separating Variables in Multivariate Polynomial Ideals 
  Colin Alstad, Michael Burr, Oliver Clarke and Tim Duff. | Subalgebra and Khovanskii bases equivalence 
  Camille Pinto, Alban Quadrat and Thomas Cluzeau. | Effective characterization of evaluation ideals of the ring of integro-differential operators 
  Alexander Levin. | A New Type of Dimension Polynomials of Inversive Difference Field Extensions 
  Michael Monagan and Qiao-Long Huang. | A New Sparse Polynomial GCD by Separating Terms 
  Taihei Oki and Yujin Song. | Structural Preprocessing Method for Nonlinear Differential-Algebraic Equations Using Linear Symbolic Matrices 
  Matteo Abbondati, Eleonora Guerrini and Romain Lebreton. | Decoding Simultaneous Rational Evaluation Codes 
  Cordian Riener, Robin Schabert and Thi Xuan Vu. | Connectivity in Symmetric Semi-Algebraic Sets 
  Yihang Cheng, Yansong Feng and Yanbin Pan. | Embedding Integer Lattices as Ideals into Polynomial Rings 
  Bo Huang, Dongming Wang and Jing Yang. | Jacobi Stability Analysis for Systems of ODEs Using Symbolic Computation 
  Moulay Barkatou, Lucas Legrand and Tristan Vaccon. | Gröbner Bases Over Polytopal Affinoid Algebras 
  Nathaniel A. Collins, Joshua Grochow, Michael Levet and Armin Weiß. | Constant Depth Circuit Complexity for Generating Quasigroups 
  Zhaoxing Qi and Chenqi Mou. | Complexity Analysis of Triangular Decomposition over F_2 with Strongly Chordal Graphs 
  Chris La Valle and Josue Tonelli-Cueto. | Some Lower Bounds on the Reach of an Algebraic Variety 
  Xiuquan Ding, Dingkang Wang, Fanghui Xiao and Xiaopeng Zheng. | An Algorithm for Computing Greatest Common Right Divisors of Parametric Ore Polynomials 
  Mariya Bessonov, Ilia Ilmer, Tatiana Konstantinova, Alexey Ovchinnikov, Gleb Pogudin and Pedro Soto. | Faster Groebner bases for Lie derivatives of ODE systems via monomial orderings 
  Dongming Wang and Linpeng Wang. | Decomposition of Polynomial Ideals into Triangular Regular Sequences 
  Jean-Guillaume Dumas, Clément Pernet and Alexandre Sedoglavic. | Strassen’s algorithm is not optimally accurate 
  Erich L. Kaltofen and Zhi-Hong Yang. | Sparse Polynomial Interpolation With Error Correction: Higher Error Capacity by Randomization 
  Timothy Duff and Kisun Lee. | Certified homotopy tracking using the Krawczyk method 
  Saúl Blanco and Daniel Skora. | Enumerating polynomial colored permutation classes 
  Yamato Arai, Yuma Ichikawa and Koji Hukushima. | Adaptive Flip Graph Algorithm for Matrix Multiplication 
  Zihao Dai, Zijia Li, Zhi-Hong Yang and Lihong Zhi. | Whitney Stratification of Algebraic Boundaries of Convex Semi-algebraic Sets 
  Jérémy Berthomieu and Rafael Mohr. | Computing Generic Fibers of Polynomial Ideals with FGLM and Hensel Lifting 
  Lucas Michel, Pierre Mathonet and Naïm Zenaïdi. | On Minimal and Minimum Cylindrical Algebraic Decompositions 
  Khalil Ghorbal and Maxime Bridoux. | Automated Reasoning For The Existence Of Darboux Polynomials 
  Gabriel Mattos Langeloh. | Exploring the Geometric Buchberger Algorithm in Integer Programming 
  Thierry Combot and Camilo Sanabria. | Liouvillian Solutions of Third Order Differential Equations 
  Rui-Juan Jing, Marc Moreno Maza, Yan-Feng Xie and Chun-Ming Yuan. | Efficient detection of redundancies in systems of linear inequalities 
  Timo de Wolff and Janin Heuer. | Initial Application of SONC to Lyapunov Stability of Dynamical Systems 
  Erdenebayar Bayarmagnai, Fatemeh Mohammadi and Rémi Prébet. | Algebraic Tools for Computing Polynomial Loop Invariants 
  Antonio Jiménez-Pastor and Ali Kemal Uncu. | Factorial Basis Method for q-Series Applications 
  Yameen Ajani and Curtis Bright. | SAT and Lattice Reduction for Integer Factorization 
  Sriram Gopalakrishnan, Vincent Neiger and Mohab Safey El Din. | Optimized Gröbner basis algorithms for maximal determinantal ideals and critical point computations 
  Shahriar Iravanian, Shashi Gowda and Christopher Rackauckas. | Hybrid Symbolic-Numeric and Numerically-Assisted Symbolic Integration 
  Vincent Neiger, Clément Pernet and Gilles Villard. | Computing Krylov iterates in the time of matrix multiplication 
  Weixun Deng, Alperen Ergur, Grigoris Paouris and J. Maurice Rojas. | Feasibility of Circuit Polynomials without Purple Swans 
  Pascal Giorgi, Bruno Grenet, Armelle Perret du Cray and Daniel Roche. | Fast interpolation and multiplication of unbalanced polynomials 
  Louis Gaillard and Mohab Safey El Din. | Solving parameter-dependent semi-algebraic systems 
  Heba Bou Kaedbey, Mark van Hoeij and Man Cheung Tsui. | Solving Third Order Linear Difference Equations in Terms of Second Order Equations 

  