 ITCS - Innovations in Theoretical Computer Science  

     Home    
 Past Conferences | ITCS 2024 | Call for papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Code of conduct 
  ITCS 2023 | Call for papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Code of conduct 
  ITCS 2022 | Call for papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Code of conduct 
  ITCS 2021 | Call for papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Code of conduct 
  ITCS 2020 | Call for papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Code of conduct 
  ITCS 2019 | Call for papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Local information 
  ITCS 2018 | Call For Papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Local information 
  ITCS 2017 | Information 
  Call For Papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Graduating Bits 
  ITCS 2010-2017 
  Governance 

  The 16th Innovations in Theoretical Computer Science (ITCS)  conference will take place at Columbia University. It will be held in person  from January 7 - January 10, 2025. .  
 ITCS seeks to promote research with innovative or bold agendas, which could be conceptual, technical, or methodological, and whose message will advance and inspire the greater theory community. The program committee welcomes papers introducing a new concept, model or understanding; opening a new line of inquiry within traditional or interdisciplinary areas; introducing new mathematical techniques and methodologies, or new applications of known techniques; putting forth a bold, even if preliminary, vision or line of attack; or unearthing novel or surprising connections between different topics.  
 Important dates  
   
 Abstract submission deadline:   
 Submission deadline:   
 Notification to authors:  
 Conference dates: | September 3, 2024 (04:59pm PDT)  
 September 5, 2024 (04:59pm PDT)  
 November 2, 2024  
 January 7-January 10, 2025 
  
 The program is here   .  
  The list of accepted papers can be accessed here  . Program committee  

 Ittai Abraham, Intel  
  Sepehr Assadi, University of Waterloo  
  Andris Ambainis, University of Latvia  
  Prabhanjan Ananth, University of California, Santa Barbara  
  Srinivasan Arunachalam, IBM Research  
  Hadley Black, University of California, San Diego  
  Adam Bouland, Stanford University  
  Eshan Chattopadhyay, Cornell University  
  Lijie Chen, University of California, Berkeley  
  Rishabh Goyal, University of Wisconsin-Madison  
  Prahladh Harsha, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research  
  Aayush Jain, Carnegie Mellon University  
  Rahul Jain, National University of Singapore  
  Michael Kapralov, École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne  
  Robert Kleinberg, Cornell University  
  Vasilis Kontonis, University of Texas at Austin  
  Pravesh Kothari, Princeton University  
  Ravi Kumar, Google Research  
  Jason Li, Carnegie Mellon University | Daniel Lokshtanov, University of California, Santa Barbara  
  Pasin Manurangasi, Google Research  
  Raghu Meka, UCLA (Chair)   
  Dor Minzer, Massachussetts Institute of Technology  
  Chinmay Nikhre, University of Washington, Seattle  
  Shayan Oveis Gharan, University of Washington, Seattle  
  Prasad Raghavendra, University of California, Berkeley  
  Guy Rothblum, Apple  
  Shubhangi Saraf, University of Toronto  
  Sushant Sachdeva, University of Toronto  
  Tselil Schramm, Stanford University  
  Sahil Singla, Georgia Institute of Technology  
  Srikanth Srinivasan, University of Copenhagen  
  Avishay Tal, University of California, Berkeley  
  Roei Tell, University of Toronto  
  Christos Tzamos, University of Athens  
  David Wajc, Technion  
  Ryan Williams, Massachussetts Institute of Technology  
  Jiapeng Zhang, University of Southern California 

 Submission Instructions  
  Authors should register and submit their paper via hotcrp submission site  , by the above strict  deadlines. The font size should be at least 11 point and the paper should be single column. Beyond these, there are no formatting requirements. Authors are required to submit a COI declaration upon submission.  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way.  In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. (Author and institution information will be uploaded separately on the submission site.) The purpose of this double-blind process is to help PC members and external reviewers come to a judgment about the paper without unconscious bias, and is not intended to make it impossible for them to discover who the authors are. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may (and are in fact encouraged to) post their papers to arXiv/ECCC/IACR etc.  
 Authors should strive to make their paper accessible not only to experts in their subarea, but also to the theory community at large. The submission should include clear proofs of all central claims. In addition, it is strongly recommended that the paper contain, within the first 10 pages, a concise and clear presentation of the merits of the paper, including a discussion of its significance, innovations and place within (or outside) of our field's scope and literature. The committee will put a premium on writing that conveys clearly, in as simple and straightforward a manner as possible, what the paper accomplishes.  
 Submissions authored by program committee members (with the exception of the PC chair) are allowed. Utmost care will be taken to avoid COIs with PC submissions, ensuring that such submissions receive no unfair advantage, and that the reviews and the discussion remain confidential from the authors.  
 All submissions will be treated as confidential, and will only be disclosed to the committee and their chosen sub-referees. In addition the program committee may consult with journal editors and program chairs of other conferences about controversial issues such as parallel submissions.  
  
 Prior, simultaneous, and subsequent submissions  
  Results published/presented/submitted at another archival conference will not be considered for ITCS. Simultaneous submission to ITCS and to a journal is allowed. Papers accepted to ITCS should not be submitted to any other archival conferences.  
 Online posting  
  Authors are encouraged to post full versions of their submissions in a freely accessible online repository such as the arxiv, the ECCC, or the Cryptology ePrint archive. It is generally expected that authors of accepted papers will make full versions of their papers, with proofs, available before the conference begins.  
 Accepted papers  
  All the talks are expected to be in person. The talks in the conference will not be recorded, and instead the authors of each paper will be asked to upload a 20-25 minute talk, which will be posted online.  
 Graduating bits  
  Participants near to graduation (on either side) will be given an opportunity to present (in 2-3 minutes) their results, research, plans, personality, and so on during the "Graduating bits" session. This is one of the important traditions of ITCS, and not to be missed! Details on how to participate will be provided closer to the conference date.  
 Awards  
  The committee may award a "best student paper" award.  
 Code of Conduct  
  ITCS is committed to an inclusive conference experience, respectful of all participants, and free from any discrimination or harassment, including unwelcome advances or propositions of an intimate nature, particularly when coming from a more senior researcher to a less senior one. All ITCS attendees are expected to behave accordingly. If you experience or witness discrimination, harassment or other unethical behavior at the conference, we encourage you to seek advice by contacting SafeToC advocates ( http://safetoc.org/index.php/toc-advisors/  )  
 Proceedings  
  The accepted papers will be published by LIPIcs in the electronic proceedings of the conference. To accommodate the publishing traditions of different fields, authors of accepted papers can ask the PC chair to have only a one page abstract of the paper appear in the proceedings, along with a URL pointing to the PDF of the full paper on an online archive.  
 Sponsors  

  