Skip to content      

 ITiCSE 2025 (30 June-2 July, Netherlands) 
  About ITiCSE | About ITiCSE 
  Conference Committee 
  Get Involved! 
  For Authors | Call for Participation 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Working Groups 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium 
  Call for Panels 
  Call for tips, techniques, and courseware 
  Previous Conferences | ITiCSE 2024 
  ITiCSE 2023 
  ITiCSE 2022 
  ITiCSE2021 

     Navigation Menu     

     Navigation Menu     
 ITiCSE 2025 (30 June-2 July, Netherlands) 
  About ITiCSE | About ITiCSE 
  Conference Committee 
  Get Involved! 
  For Authors | Call for Participation 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Working Groups 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium 
  Call for Panels 
  Call for tips, techniques, and courseware 
  Previous Conferences | ITiCSE 2024 
  ITiCSE 2023 
  ITiCSE 2022 
  ITiCSE2021 

 Call for Papers  

 This page provides detailed information about paper submissions to the ITiCSE 2025 conference. It is part of the general Call for Participation  which you should read first, if you have not yet done so.  
 If you have questions that neither this page nor the Call for Participation  can answer, please contact the program chairs  .  
 ITiCSE 2025 paper tracks   
 Papers presented at ITiCSE address aspects of computing education, that is, the education of students who are studying computing.  
 Note that an abstract submission  is mandatory for all papers and is due a week before the deadline for full papers.  
 When making a submission, you will be asked to place it in one of three tracks. Please ensure that you submit your paper to the correct track. Authors are advised to look at the review guidelines  for their paper track, so as to know what the reviewers will be looking for when reviewing the submission. Papers will be reviewed according to the track to which they were submitted, and it will not be moved between tracks.  
 Computing education research | : papers that define research questions, describe the data gathering and the methods used to address the questions, present the results, and discuss the contribution to knowledge about the teaching and learning of computing; 
  Experience reports and tools | : papers that describe computing education experiences, including tools that have been developed for use in computing education, in sufficient detail for others to see whether their use was beneficial and to be able to adopt them if required; these papers will generally be motivated by the literature, will highlight the novelty of the work, and will be accompanied by a rich description of what worked and what didn’t; 
  Position papers and proposals | : papers articulating original and well-argued positions on aspects of computing education, or proposals for work that is in its early stages; while these papers should be well situated in the literature, they need not report on work that has been completed; however, they must offer something of value to the community – the intention to carry out some work is not necessarily a worthwhile contribution in its own right. 
   
  All papers should explicitly state their motivating questions, relate to relevant literature, and where there is an intervention contain an analysis of the effectiveness of the intervention. Initial submissions must be anonymous.  
 Submitting the abstract   
 Your abstract can be up to 250 words and must be submitted by the paper abstract deadline (see the sidebar for these dates  )  . The abstract will be plain text — not, for example, a PDF. When you log in to submit the abstract, you may paste the abstract text into the form field.  
 Follow the instructions on Submission process  at the foot of the Call for Participation  page.  
 The abstract helps reviewers bid for papers that they are qualified to review and interested in reviewing. To help the bidding and reviewing process, please submit an abstract that you believe will best describe the finished paper.  
 Anonymous version for review   
 Please read this section carefully to avoid the unfortunate situation of a desk rejection.  
 The paper submitted for review must be a fully anonymous version  so as to allow the authors an unbiased review. The anonymous version should have ALL identifying references to the authors removed: this includes authors’ names; authors’ affiliations; any information in the body or the headers of the paper that might identify the authors or their institutions, such as websites, related publications, or specific geographic locations; and acknowledgements, which often include material that might identify the authors. Self-citations need not be removed if they are worded so that the reviewer doesn’t know that the authors are citing themselves. For example, instead of “We reported on our first experiment in 2018 [13]”, the paper might say “An early experiment in this area was carried out in 2018 [13]”, or “Katchen and Satie [13] carried out an early experiment in this area in 2018”. If a paper is presenting software that is the work of the authors, the name of the software should be anonymised, so that it will not be found with a web search.  
 When writing the review version of the paper, space should be left for the authors’ names, affiliations, and other material that might need to be added, such as the ACM reference format  . This can be implemented either by the use of placeholders or simply by ensuring that the paper is sufficiently short of the page limit. Submissions that fully use the page limit, without leaving space for these items, will be rejected on the grounds of exceeding the page limit.  
 Papers are expected to stand alone, and not to require the reading of supplementary information. For this reason, they should not include links to additional material  , such as a demonstration of software being introduced.  
 If the paper is accepted for the conference and for publication, authors will be asked to complete a camera-ready copy that will include all appropriate author names, affiliations, citations, acknowledgements, and references, and that may, if appropriate, include links to supplementary information.  
 We are aware that some authors publish their papers prior to submission in places such as arXiv, with full author details. This is permitted according to ACM policy  . However, this does breach anonymity as such papers can easily be found by a reviewer looking for background on the subject matter. In view of this, we recommend submitting to arXiv or such sites with a different title and abstract than the submitted (review) version to cut down on “accidental” discoveries of papers on arXiv that would compromise anonymity.  
 Ethical status of data collection   
 Any submission that makes use of data from human participants (including student surveys, class results, educator interviews, published data sets, etc) must clearly indicate whether approval has been granted for the use of that data, by what authority (respecting anonymity in the version submitted for review), and what the approval covers. If the work includes any data from human participants that has not been granted approval, that should be clearly explained.  
 Formatting the paper   
 The paper is limited to a maximum of six pages plus one page for references. Note that this is not the same as seven pages: if there is a seventh page, there must be nothing on it but references.  
 If the paper includes figures and tables, the text in them must be readable at 100% magnification and in greyscale. Figures and tables must be readable if the paper is printed.  
 For details regarding the mandatory formatting requirements, see Formatting requirements  on the Call for Participation  page.  
 Please ensure that the file to be submitted is no more than 10MB in size. When files are this size and more, it is typically because the authors have pasted in high-resolution images and simply scaled them down, rather than reducing the file size before inserting the image.  
 Important dates   
 Important dates can be found in the sidebar on the right or at Important Dates  page  
 Submitting the paper   
 Follow the instructions on Submission process  at the foot of the Call for Participation  page.  
 Please do not wait until the last minute to submit your paper because that is when everyone else will be connecting to our server!  
 When the paper is fully anonymous and ready for review, convert it to Adobe PDF format. Please check the settings of your converter so it does not inadvertently include your name and affiliation in the properties of the PDF file.  
 Return to the online submission system using the link on the call for participation  page, select the entry for your paper, and click a link in the upper right of the page to add or update the file.  
 After receiving confirmation, go to the submission site to review your submission for accuracy.  
 Please note:  ITiCSE 2025 will be a face-to-face conference. Registration, attendance in person, presentation, and discussion are mandatory for at least one author, otherwise, your publication cannot be included in the proceedings. See our full policy  for more information.  
 Questions   
 Questions regarding paper submissions should be addressed to the program chairs iticse2025papers@easychair.org  .  

 Important Dates 
 Conference | Main Conference | Mon 30 Jun - Wed 2 Jul 
 Working Groups | June (Fri 27 - Sun 29) 
 Doctoral Consortium | June (Sat 28 - Sun 29) 
 Papers | Mandatory abstract submission | Sun 12 Jan 
 Full paper submission | Sun 19 Jan 
 Author notification | Mon 3 Mar 
 Panels | Submission | Sun 9 Mar 
 Notification | Tues 8 Apr 
 Posters | Submission | Sun 9 Mar 
 Notification | Tues 8 Apr 
 Tips, Techniques, & Courseware | Submission | Sun 9 Mar 
 Notification | Tues 8 Apr 
 Doctoral Consortium | Submission | Sun 9 Mar 
 Notification | Tues 8 Apr 
 Working Groups | Submission | Sun 19 Jan 
 Notification of working groups to proceed | Mon 3 Feb 
 Membership applications open | Mon 10 Feb 
 Membership applications close #1 | Sun 2 Mar 
 Membership applications close #2 | Sun 16 Mar 
 Draft report submission to WG chairs | Sun 29 Jun 8pm CET 
 Initial feedback from WG chairs | Mon 14 Jul 
 WG submit draft for external review | Sun 14 Sep 
 Preliminary accept / reject notification | Sun 26 Oct 
 Camera ready deadline | Sun 16 Nov 
 Final accept / reject notification | Mon 24 Nov 
 All submission deadlines are 23:59 AoE – Anywhere on Earth (UTC-12) 

 Contact addresses 
 Conference Chairs | conferencechairs@iticse.acm.org 
 Organisation / Registrar | registrars@iticse.acm.org 
 Program Chairs (Papers) | iticse2025papers@easychair.org 
 Working Group Chairs | iticse2025wg@easychair.org 
 Panels Chairs | iticse2025panels@easychair.org 
 TTC Chairs | iticse2025ttc@easychair.org 
 Posters Chairs | iticse2025posters@easychair.org 
 Doctoral Consortium Chairs | iticse2025dc@easychair.org 

 Neve  | Powered by WordPress   

 Neve  | Powered by WordPress   

  