  
 Call for Workshop and Tutorial Proposals  

 Important dates (AoE)   
 Workshop proposals  
  Sep 21, 2024 
  Tutorial proposals  
  Dec 7, 2024 
  Tutorial proposals decisions sent  
  Dec 20, 2024 
  Workshop and Tutorial Co-Chairs email    
    
 Dorota Glowacka   
 University of Helsinki   
 Finland   

 Carmen Santoro   
 CNR-ISTI, HIIS Laboratory   
 Pisa, Italy   

 Ziang Xiao   
 Johns Hopkins University   
 USA   

 In conjunction with the 30th International ACM Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces (ACM IUI 2025)  
 Cagliari, Italy  
 March 24-27, 2025 https://iui.acm.org/2025/   
 Call for Proposals  
 We are pleased to invite proposals for workshops and tutorials to be held in conjunction with the conference.  
 The goal of the workshops is to provide a venue for presenting research on focused topics of interest and an informal forum to discuss research questions and challenges. Potential workshop topics should be related to the general theme of the conference.  
 Tutorials are designed to provide fundamental knowledge and experience on topics related to intelligent user interfaces, and the intersection between Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) and Artificial Intelligence (AI).  
 Note: We encourage you to contact the chairs with your ideas ( workshops2025@iui.acm.org  ), and work together to prepare an exciting proposal.  
 We encourage proposals for a wide range of workshop and tutorial formats and activities including but not limited to:  
 "Mini-conferences" on specialized topics | ; such workshops may have their own paper submission and review processes. 
  Interactive formats | to explore a certain topic during the workshop (e.g., through breakoutrooms); such workshops may have their own paper submission and review process or target a report summarizing the outcome of the interactive discussions. 
  "Late breaking work" | meetings; such workshops usually have a lighter review process (e.g.based on abstracts only). 
  "Hands-on" workshops | around a specific problem or topic that may wish to ask participants to submit a position statement. 
  "Project centric" workshops | that may be closely related to the scope of an existing large-scale (e.g. NSF, EU, etc. funded) project. 
  "Mini-competitions", challenges, or hackathons | around selected topics with individual or team participation. 
  Tutorials | on a specific topic relevant to IUI; for example, methods and approaches in HCI and AI, specific techniques or algorithms to develop intelligent user interfaces, etc. 
  We invite submissions of proposals for full-day and half-day workshops or tutorials. Proposals will be reviewed and evaluated by the workshop and tutorial chairs.  
 Workshops with few submissions may be cancelled, shortened, merged with other workshops, or otherwise restructured. The organizers of accepted workshops and tutorials are responsible for producing a call for participation and publicizing it, such as distributing the call to relevant newsgroups and electronic mailing lists, and especially to potential audiences from outside the IUI conference community. Workshop and tutorial organizers will maintain their own website with information about the workshop or tutorial and the ACM IUI 2025 website will refer to this website. The workshop organizers will coordinate the paper solicitation, collection, and review process. Workshops’ and tutorials’ summary will be included in the ACM Digital Library for ACM IUI 2025, and we will separately publish a joint workshop proceedings for accepted workshop submissions (through CEUR or similar).  
 Proposal Format  
 Workshop or tutorial proposals should be a maximum of four pages long (single-column format). Prepare your submission using the latest templates: Word Submission Template  , or the LaTeX template  .  
 Please submit your workshop and tutorial at https://new.precisionconference.com/~sigchi  under the IUI 2025 Workshops and Tutorials track. In PCS 2.0, first click "Submissions" at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society, conference, and track select "SIGCHI", "IUI 2025" and "IUI 2025 Workshops and Tutorials", respectively, and press "Go".  
 The proposals should be organized as follows:  
 Name and title: | A one-word acronym and a full title. Please indicate “(Workshop)” or “(Tutorial)” after the title, as appropriate. 
  Description of workshop or tutorial topic: | This description should discuss the relevance of the suggested topic to IUI and its interest for the IUI 2025 audience. Include a brief discussion of why and for which audience the workshop or tutorial is of particular interest. 
  Previous history: | List of previous workshops or tutorials that were held on the topic including the conferences that hosted past workshops or tutorials and the number of participants. 
  Organizer(s): | Names, affiliations, emails, and web pages of the organizer(s). Provide a brief description of the background of the organizer(s). Strong proposals normally include organizers who bring differing perspectives on the topic and are actively connected to the communities of potential participants. Please indicate the primary contact person and the organizers who plan to attend the workshop. Also please provide a list of other workshops or tutorials organized by workshop organizers in the past. 
  Workshop program committee: | Names and affiliation of the members of the (tentative) workshop program committee that will evaluate the workshop submissions. 
  Participants: | A statement saying how many participants you expect and how you plan to invite participants for the workshop or tutorial. If possible, include the names of at least 10 people who have expressed interest to participate in the workshop or tutorial. 
  Workshop or Tutorial activities: | A brief description of the format regarding the mix of events or activities, such as paper presentations, invited talks panels, demonstrations, teaching activities, hands-on practical exercises, general discussion. Please also list here any material you will make available to tutorial participants, e.g. slides, access to hardware/software, handouts, etc. 
  Planned outcomes of the workshop or tutorials: | What are you hoping to achieve by the end of the workshop or tutorials? Please list here any planned publications or other outputs arising from workshops. 
  Length: | Full-day or half-day. 

 SITE DESIGN BY Blake Willford  AND Matthew Runyon  (2021) // 2025 version EDITED BY Simone Gallo  AND Jacopo Mereu    

  