  skip to main content    
 Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Queue 
  TechNews 
  Career Center 

 Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession   
   
 Join 
  Volunteer 
  myACM 
  Search Input    Search Submit 

  Join  Volunteer  myACM    
  Search      
   
 About ACM | About Home | About ACM 
  ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals 
  Governance 
  ACM Council 
  Boards and Committees 
  Past Presidents 
  ACM Constitution 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  History 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures 
  Stop Harassment 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure 
  ACM Statements 
  ACM in the News 
  Media Center 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM  
 ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.  
 [Learn More about ACM...] 
  ACM Regional Councils | ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing 
  Membership | Membership Home | About Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  Ambassadors for ACM 
  People of ACM 
  Members in the News 
  Join 
  Renew 
  Subscribe 
  Manage your Account / myACM 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Contact Us 
  ACM Membership  
 ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.  
 [Learn More about ACM Membership...] 
  ACM Skills Bundle Add-On | Customer Service FAQs | Become an Ambassador for ACM 
  Publications | Publications Home | About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Publications  
 For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.  
 [Learn More about ACM Publications...] 
  Publish with ACM | Select Application-Oriented Papers | Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library 
  SIGs | Special Interest Groups Home | About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] 
  Join an ACM SIG | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Conferences | Conferences Home | About Conferences 
  Conference Series 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
  ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide  
 Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.  
 [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] 
  Find an ACM Conference | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Chapters | Chapters Home | About Chapters 
  Professional Chapters 
  Student Chapters 
  Meetups 
  Newsletter 
  Calendar of Local Activities 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Annual Reports 
  Find a Chapter 
  Start a Chapter 
  Chapter Policies 
  Chapter Administrative Interface 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Chapters  
 ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.  
 [ Learn More about ACM Chapters...  ] 
  Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter | Chapter Administrative Interface | Start an ACM Chapter 
  Awards | Awards Home | About Awards 
  Award Recipients 
  ACM Fellows 
  ACM Advanced Member Grades 
  ACM Awards Committee 
  Nominate 
  Award Sponsors 
  Establish a New Award 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Awards  
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Affiliated Organizations 
  ACM Learning Center 
  Resources for Educators 
  Resources for Graduating Students 
  Education Board and Advisory Committee 
  Reports and Studies 
  Contact Us 
  Education  
 ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...  
 [Learn More about Education…] 
  ACM Education Advisory Committee Applications Open | Rush Shahani TechTalk | ByteCast Ep60: Xin Luna Dong 
  Learning Center | Learning Center Home | About the Learning Center 
  E-Learning 
  Member Offers 
  TechTalks 
  ByteCast 
  Resources 
  FAQs 
  Practitioner Board 
  Professional Development Committee 
  About ACM Learning Center  
 The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. 
  ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus | ByteCast Ep58: Wen-Mei Hwu | ByteCast Ep57: Xavier Leroy 
  Public Policy | Public Policy Home | About ACM's Public Policy Work 
  Tech Policy Council 
  Europe Tech Policy 
  US Tech Policy 
  USTPC HotTopics Webinars 
  ACM TechBriefs 
  Policy Products 
  Media Releases 
  Contact Us 
  Public Policy  
 ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] 
  TechBrief on Data Privacy Protection | USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring | ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates 
  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home | About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
  Forming Diverse Teams 
  Words Matter 
  ACM Celebrates Awareness Months 
  ACM Code of Ethics 
  Stop Harassment 
  Contact Us 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  ACM-W 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] 
  DEI Articles in CACM | DEI CE Webinars | How Diverse Is Your Team? 

 Publications Home 
   About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 

 Home 
  Publications 
  Policies 
  ACM Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects 

 ACM Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  

 ACM Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects      
 Approved by ACM Publications Board on August 15, 2021      
 Background     
 ACM is committed to protecting the rights and welfare of all individuals participating in computing research. Research involving human participants and subjects raises ethical concerns regarding informed consent, risks to participants and subjects, and potential coercion. In many countries and jurisdictions around the world such research is subject to regulations, including regulations requiring review by a review board prior to conducting such research.    
 While many of these regulations were first developed to govern medical research, such as the Declaration of Helsinki  , they have generally been extended to include behavioral research, including some research in computing. While these regulations generally derive from the same principles, they differ in terms of which research is covered and in the specific review processes and criteria employed.    
 In developing this Policy, ACM carefully reviewed The Belmont Report  and derived many of the same principles as identified and explained in this report.    
 In recent years, it has become common for research publications to have policies governing research with human participants and subjects and to require researchers engaged in such research to make declarations, prior to publication, that they have acted in accordance with both ACM’s Policy and any local or governmental laws and regulations governing their research.    
 Furthermore, in addition to Primary Publishers’ developing and ratifying policies involving human participants and subjects research, many secondary publishers, such as Clarivate and international ethics organizations, like the Committee on Publication Ethics  , have in recent years implemented their own requirements and guidelines for published research that involved human participants and subjects. To the greatest extent possible, ACM aims to comply with these requirements.    
 Reasons for Policy     
 As the number of articles ACM publishes that include research based on human participants and subjects rises, it is a moral imperative that ACM establishes a clear policy setting standards for practice in connection with ACM Publications. Simply put, it is the right thing to do and it is important for all stakeholders in the publication process, including authors, reviewers, editors, program committees, readers, and third parties making ACM publications discoverable to the world to know that any research published in an ACM publication venue can be trusted to be based on ethical research standards and practices.    
 Definition of Human Participant and Subject Research     
 ACM adopts the definition of Human Subjects Research used by the US National Institutes of Health as “Research involving a living individual about whom data or biospecimens are obtained/used/studied/analyzed through interaction/intervention, or identifiable, private information is used/studied/analyzed/generated” (see https://grants.nih.gov/sites/default/files/human-subjects-research-infographic.pdf  )    
 Policy Statement     
 All authors conducting research involving human participants and subjects must meet appropriate ethical and legal standards guiding such research. In particular, ACM authors must ensure that their human research planning, conduct, and reporting are consistent with their local governing laws and regulations and the general principles detailed below. It is important to note that something may not be ethical even though it is not prohibited by local law or regulation, and thus authors should also ensure alignment that their research practices are compliant with the ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct  and international and national standards for such research, such as The Declaration of Helsinki  , The Belmont Report  , and The Common Rule  , including, but not limited to:    
 minimization of potential harms, making sure any risks are justified by potential benefits 
  protection for the privacy and right to self-determination of participants and subjects 
  adhering to relevant institutional, local, national, and international regulations 
  adhering to the principle of informed consent 
  adhering to the principle of justice 
  adherence with all other applicable ACM policies 
  Where such research is conducted in countries where no such local governing laws and regulations related to human participant and subject research exist, Authors must at a bare minimum be prepared to show compliance with the above detailed principles. Authors should also declare any potential conflicts of interest in compliance with the Conflict of Interest Policy for ACM Publications  , so that reviewers and editors may determine whether the declared COIs are significant enough to warrant rejection of the Work or another appropriate remedy.    
 Individual ACM Publications, such as an ACM Journal or Conference Proceeding, may specify a more restrictive policy than required by local legal requirements, however, where an individual ACM Publication (i.e. - conference, journal, etc.) implements a more restrictive policy, the requirements for this stricter policy must be clearly communicated in the Instructions for Authors section of that publication’s website and must be included in any and all publicly distributed Calls for Papers for that publication venue, such as for an ACM Conference.    
 Scope of Policy       
 This policy applies to all ACM Publications, including ACM Sponsored, co-Sponsored, or In-Cooperation Conferences, International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS) proceedings, journals, magazines, books, newsletters, or any research data or content published in the ACM Digital Library as primary objects.    
 Roles and Responsibilities     
 Authors.  It is the authors’ responsibility (each author individually and the authors collectively) to comply with and provide evidence of compliance with this Policy. Where local ethical review boards are required, authors are responsible for having their research reviewed and approved by such boards. Authors are also responsible for the overall ethical conduct of their research. All ACM Authors must be prepared to provide documentary evidence to ACM that they have adhered to local ethical and legal standards, as ACM may require documentary evidence of such approval at any time following submission of the Work and prior to or after publication of the Work.    
 Editors-in-Chief and Program Committee Chairs.  EICs and Program Chairs are responsible for communicating the existence of this policy to authors. They are also responsible for setting and communicating any publication-specific human subjects research policy, after consulting with ACM Staff and the Chair of the ACM Ethics and Plagiarism Committee, with the requirement that such policies must be no less restrictive than this policy. Editors-in-Chief and Program Committee Chairs are responsible for determining the appropriate mechanisms for ensuring compliance with this policy (including optionally including questions about human participants and subjects research on review forms and requiring submission of any required documentation as part of article submission) and have the ultimate responsibility for determining whether a submission under review should be rejected for violation of this policy.    
 Peer Reviewers.  Reviewers have the opportunity (and if specified by the Editor-in-Chief or the Program Committee Chair, the responsibility) to consider whether human subjects research they are reviewing was conducted ethically and in compliance with local requirements. Such issues may be raised in reviews or directly to the appropriate Editor or Program Committee member.    
 Publications Board Ethics and Plagiarism Committee.  The Publications Board Ethics and Plagiarism Committee is responsible for deciding cases involving alleged violations of this policy in published Works as discussed below. The committee may also be consulted for advice on cases prior to publication by journal EICs or conference Program Committee Chairs.    
 ACM Staff.  ACM Staff is responsible for communication of this policy to authors through the ACM Web site and other author-facing ACM sites, in the ACM Digital Library, ACM SIG sites, and in individual ACM Publications, such as journals, magazines, conference proceedings, books, etc.    
 Violations and Penalties     
 ACM will investigate potential violations of this Policy when receiving a credible claim from a named individual(s) that an ACM author(s) may have violated this Policy. To the greatest extent possible, the identity of claimants shall be kept confidential.    
 When an allegation of potential misconduct relates to an unpublished submission to an ACM journal, magazine, or book, the Editor-in-Chief of the ACM Publication will work directly with either the author(s) to ensure compliance with this Policy or will have the obligation to reject the submission.    
 When an allegation of potential misconduct relates to an unpublished submission to an ACM conference or ICPS conference, the Program Committee Chair(s) will work directly with either the author(s) to ensure compliance with this Policy prior to publication in the ACM Digital Library or will have the obligation to reject the submission.    
 When an allegation of potential misconduct relates to a Work already published by ACM in the ACM DL, a determination of whether that work violates this policy shall be made by the ACM Publications Board. ACM Staff will work closely with the Ethics + Plagiarism Committee of the ACM Publications Board to investigate and advise on the case.    
 In the event it is determined that the Policy has been violated and depending on the circumstances and severity of the violation, a Level 2-5 penalty may be assessed, at the sole discretion of the Ethics + Plagiarism Committee or ACM Publications Board, which may include, depending on the severity of the violation a “Note of Concern” on the Work’s citation page or a Retraction of the published Work in the ACM Digital Library, as per ACM’s policy and procedures for retracting Works in the ACM Digital Library and in accordance with ACM’s Penalties for Publication Violations  .    
 Additional Resources     
 Additional guidance on ethical practices regarding human subject research is present in the World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki  , which many nations have adopted.[JK7] [EHS8] 
  https://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/regulations-and-policy/belmont-report/read-the-belmont-report/index.html 
  Guidance on international laws and standards for Human Subjects Research can be found here. https://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/sites/default/files/2020-international-compilation-of-human-research-standards.pdf 
  https://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/regulations-and-policy/regulations/common-rule/index.html 
  https://publicationethics.org 
  https://publicationethics.org/core-practices 
  https://publicationethics.org/case/ethical-concerns-about-study-involving-human-subjects 
  https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/plagiarism-overview 
  https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/penalties-for-publication-violations 
  https://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/regulations-and-policy/regulations/2018-req-preamble/index.html 
  https://www.apa.org/science/leadership/research 
  https://web.archive.org/web/20061009115623/http://www.privireal.org/content/rec/documents.php 
  https://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/international/index.html 
  https://sigchi.org/people/committees/#research-ethics-committee 
  https://ec.europa.eu/research/participants/data/ref/fp7/89888/ethics-for-researchers_en.pdf 
  Questions, Requests, and Contact Information     
 The ACM Director of Publications can be contacted for any:    
 Questions about the interpretation of this policy 
  Appeals of decisions made under this policy 
  Requests made under this policy 
  Suggestions for changes to this policy 
  Mailing address:  
  ACM Director of Publications  
  Attn: Publication Policy Claim  
  1601 Broadway, 10th Floor New York, NY 10119  
  Phone: +1-212-626-0659  
  Or via email: [email protected]  RE: Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects    

 Career Resource  Lifelong Learning   
 ACM offers lifelong learning resources including online books and courses from Skillsoft, TechTalks on the hottest topics in computing and IT, and more.  

 ACM Case Studies   
 Written by leading domain experts for software engineers, ACM Case Studies provide an in-depth look at how software teams overcome specific challenges by implementing new technologies, adopting new practices, or a combination of both. Often through first-hand accounts, these pieces explore what the challenges were, the tools and techniques that were used to combat them, and the solution that was achieved.  

 Publish Your Work  Publish with ACM   
 ACM's prestigious conferences and journals seek top-quality papers in all areas of computing and IT. It is now easier than ever to find the most appropriate venue for your research and publish with ACM.  

 About ACM 
  About ACM 
  Volunteer 
  Membership 
  Join ACM 
  Renew My Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  MyACM Sign In 
  Publications 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
  Chapter Admin Interface 
  Chapter Activities Calendar 
  Start a Chapter 
  Special Interest Groups 
  SIGs Newsletter 
  Awards 
  About ACM's Awards 
  Conferences 
  ACM's Conferences 
  Code of Ethics 
  ACM's Code of Ethics 
  Enforcement Procedures 
  Media Center 
  ACM Media Center 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Education 
  Education Home 
  Privacy Policy 
  Privacy Policy Home 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact Us 
  Member Services 
  Privacy Policy 
  Social Media Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie Declaration 
  Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc 

  