Toggle navigation      HOME    
 About | About Evostar 
  Organisers 
  Previous events 
  Call for Papers | EuroGP 
  EvoCOP 
  EvoMUSART 
  EvoAPPS 
  Submit 
  Programme | Programme 
  Social Programme 
  Invited Speakers 
  Student Scavenger Hunt 
  Best Paper Candidates and Winners 
  Award for Outstanding Contribution to EC 
  Award for Outstanding Students 
  Participants | Registration 
  Letter of invitation 
  Local Information | About Parma 
  Getting to Parma 
  Getting to the venue 
  Accommodation 
  Posters/WI-FI 

 Evostar 2018  
  The Leading European Event on Bio-Inspired Computation.  Parma, Italy. 4-6 April 2018.    

 Call for papers:  
 Euro GP 
  Evo COP 
  Evo MUSART 
  Evo Applications | Evo BAFIN 
  Evo BIO 
  Evo COMNET 
  Evo COMPLEX 
  Evo ENERGY 
  Evo GAMES 
  Evo IASP 
  Evo INDUSTRY 
  Evo KNOW 
  Evo NUM 
  Evo PAR 
  Evo ROBOT 
  Evo SET 
  Evo STOC | EvoStar Best Paper Candidates | EvoStar Best Paper Awards 2018 
    
 Evo BIO  2018  

 Evolutionary Computation, Machine Learning and Data Mining for Biology and Medicine  
 Submission link:  
   
 https://myreview.saclay.inria.fr/evoapps18/    

 Selected EvoApplications papers will be invited to submit to a special issue of the Genetic Programming and Evolvable Machines (2016 Impact Factor: 1.514)   
   
 Join us in Parma for Evo BIO  , a multidisciplinary track that brings together researchers working in Bioinformatics, Medical Applications and Computational Biology that apply advanced techniques coming from Evolutionary Computation, Machine Learning, and Data Mining to address important problems in medical applications and biology, from the molecular and genomic dimension, to the individual and population level. Each accepted paper will be presented orally or as a poster at the conference and will be printed in the proceedings published by Springer Verlag in the LNCS series. Possible topics of interest include, but are not limited to: Medical imaging,signal processing and text analysis 
  Data mining medical data and records 
  Clinical expert systems 
  Modelling and simulation of medical processes 
  Drug description analysis 
  Patient-centric care 
  Interpreting genomic or metagenomic data 
  Discovering regulatory or expression pathways 
  Rational drug design and personalized medicine 
  Modeling ecosystems or population dynamics 
  Discovering genome-disease or genome-phenotype associations 
  Biomedical text/data mining and visualization 
  Network biology/medicine 
  Omics data analysis and functional genomics for complex diseases 
  Gene-gene interactions and gene-environment interactions for disease association analysis 
  Protein Structure Prediction 
  Assembling next generation sequence data 
  For more information, visit our web page at http://www.evostar.org/2018/  , or follow us on Twitter @EVOBio2018, join our evobio2018 group on LinkedIn and our EvoBIO group on Facebook, or email to evobio.conference(at)gmail.com  
 PUBLICATION DETAILS  
 Accepted papers will appear in the proceedings of Evo Applications  , published in a volume of the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science, which will be available at the Conference. Submissions must be original and not published elsewhere. The submissions will be peer reviewed by at least three members of the program committee. The authors of accepted papers will have to improve their paper on the basis of the reviewers comments and will be asked to send a camera ready version of their manuscripts. At least one author of each accepted work has to register for the conference and attend the conference and present the work.  
 This year EvoApplications is accepting two kinds of submission: full papers and short papers. Full papers  require novel and complete research work and have a limit of 16 pages. Short papers  should present complete research or interesting preliminary results and have a limit of 8 pages. Both types of submission will undergo the same double blind review process and all accepted papers will be included in the LNCS proceedings. All authors of accepted papers will be given the opportunity to further disseminate their work in poster sessions.  
 SUBMISSION DETAILS  
 Submissions must be original and not published elsewhere. They will be peer reviewed by members of the program committee. The reviewing process will be double-blind, so please omit information about the authors in the submitted paper. 
  Submit your manuscript in | Springer LNCS format | . 
  Please provide up to five keywords in your Abstract 
  Page limit: 8 pages (short papers) or 16 pages (full papers). 
  Submission link:  https://myreview.saclay.inria.fr/evoapps18/  Presentation details  
 There are two types of presentation: Long talk (20 minutes + 5 min questions). Authors can optionally bring a poster to present at the poster session. 
  Short talk (10 minutes, no questions). Authors MUST also bring a poster to present at the poster session. 
  Short papers are only eligible for short talks. Authors of long papers will be notified in advance of the type of presentation (short/long). Evo BIO  Track Chairs  
 Federico Divina 
  Pablo de Olavide University, Spain  
  fdiv(At)upo.es Jaume Bacardit 
  Newcastle University,UK  
  jaume.bacardit(At)newcastle.ac.uk Programme Committee  
 Christian Darabos (University of Pennsylvania, USA) 
  Jitesh Dundas (Indian Institute of Technology, India) 
  Florentino Fernández Riverola (Universidad de Vigo, Spain) 
  Alex Freitas (University of Kent, U.K.) 
  Mario Giacobini (Universitá di Torino, Italy) 
  Raffaele Giancarlo (Università degli Studi di Palermo, Italy) 
  Rosalba Giugno (University of Verona, Italy) 
  Francisco A. Goméz Vela (Pablo de Olavide University, Spain) 
  Jin-Kao Hao (University of Angers, France) 
  Ting Hu (Memorial University, Canada) 
  Elena Marchiori (Radboud Universiteit van Nijmegen, The Netherlands) 
  Vincent Moulton (University of East Anglia, UK) 
  Carlotta Orsenigo (Politecnico di Milano, Italy) 
  Clara Pizzuti (ICAR-CNR, Italy) 
  Simona Rombo (Università degli Studi di Palermo, Italy) 
  Jose Santos Reyes (Universidad de A Coruña, Spain) 
  Ryan Urbanowicz (University of Pennsylvania, USA) 
  Bing Xue Victoria (University of Wellington, New Zeland) 
    
 Important dates:  
   
 Submission Deadline:  1 November 2017  
  EXTENDED SUBMISSION DEADLINE  :  10 November 2017  
  Notification:  3 January 2018  
  Camera-ready:  15 January 2018  
  Mandatory registration per paper:  9 February 2018  
  Early registration discount:  28 February  
   Registration deadline:  28 March  
  EvoStar dates:  4-6 April 2018  

 Twitter:  
   
 Tweets by @Evostar2018    

 Banner photo by Filippo Aneli  - CC-BY  
   
  