Skip to main content    
     
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Quality of Service   
 2–4 July 2025 // Gold Coast, Australia   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Authors | Call for Papers 
  Program 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  Call for Papers  
   
 Submit a Paper   
 We invite the submission of manuscripts presenting original research results to the IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Quality of Service (IWQoS) 2025  , which will be held from July 2-4, 2025  , in Gold Coast, Australia  . Quality of Service (QoS) has long been a central focus for communications and networking researchers worldwide. While traditional QoS research areas continue to garner significant interest, emerging domains such as the Internet of Things, data centers, virtualization, cloud and fog computing, green computing, and artificial intelligence are driving a new wave of research into service guarantees related to QoS, Quality of Experience (QoE), Quality of Protection (QoP), Software Quality, Data Quality, and, more broadly, Quality of Information Technology.  
 For over two decades, IWQoS has established itself as a premier forum for presenting novel ideas on all QoS-related subjects. The 33rd International Symposium on Quality of Service (IEEE/ACM IWQoS 2025)  aims to continue this tradition as an international platform for the presentation and discussion of cutting-edge research in the field. The scope of IWQoS encompasses both the latest theoretical advancements and experimental research papers.  
 Submission Guidelines   
 Authors are invited to submit manuscripts not exceeding 10 single-spaced, double-column pages (including references) using a font size of 10 points, formatted according to the standard IEEE template for LaTeX or Microsoft Word. Templates can be downloaded by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE Template Selector at https://template-selector.ieee.org/  .  
 The review process will be double-blind, requiring submissions to avoid revealing the authors' names and affiliations, as well as to refrain from obvious self-references. Papers that do not adhere to these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of their merits. All submissions must be made electronically as PDF files.  
  
 Research Topics   
 Topics of interest include (but not limited to) the following areas:  
 Artificial Intelligence for QoS 
  Data analytics for QoS 
  QoS for data analytics and machine learning 
  QoS in Internet of Things (IoT), cyber-physical networks 
  QoS in cloud computing, fog computing and edge computing 
  Blockchain for QoS 
  Security, privacy, system dependability, resilience and robustness 
  QoS in software-defined networking 
  QoS in information-centric networking 
  QoS in mobile and next generation cellular networks 
  System dependability, availability, resilience and robustness to faults and security attacks 
  Robustness against security vulnerabilities in critical infrastructures 
  QoS-aware scheduling, resource management, queue management, admission control 
  Traffic engineering approaches and tools for QoS provisioning and evaluation 
  QoS evaluation metrics and methodologies 
  Quality of software 
  QoE in multimedia networks 
  Measurement, evaluation, adaptation, and verification 
  Network operations, network economics, pricing and billing 
  Architectures and protocols for QoS, QoP or QoE support 
  Energy awareness in communication and computing systems 
  Design for future networks and computing systems with integrated QoS 
  Important Dates  
 Paper Registration Deadline: 9 February 2025   
 Full Paper Submission Deadline: 16 February 2025   
 Early Rejection Notification: 14 March 2025   
 Notification of Acceptance: 4 April 2025   
 Camera Ready Submission Deadline: 25 April 2025   

 Call for Papers 

 Patrons  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies 

  