    
 IWSEC 2022  
 August 31 (Wed) -- September 2 (Fri), 2022  
  Tokyo/ONLINE Hybrid   
   
 Call for Posters  
 Overview  
 This year, the 17th International Workshop on Security (IWSEC 2022) calls for posters that focus on any relevant topic of the workshop. Posters should present on-going study, idea, or project that is not mature yet, and interesting as work in progress. Student projects (Bachelor, Master, or PhD) and related studies are also welcome. Posters must fit within an A0 size space (118.9 cm (height) and 84.1 cm (width) / 46.8 in (height) and 33.1 in (width)). This year IWSEC poster session will be held hybrid at Rikkyo University, in Tokyo, Japan and ONLINE. Posters will be presented as a short presentation and an interactive presentation style. Poster boards will be provided at the poster presentation date. We will provide a space for each poster presenter on the communication tool Slack and Zoom). For the questions and answers, Slack and Zoom will be used.  
   
 Important Dates  
 Submission deadline: | August 12, 2022  , August 19, 2022 (23:59 UTC) 
  Notification of acceptance: a couple of days from the submission deadline. 
    
 Publication Policy for Posters  
 Posters will be formally included in the program of IWSEC 2022. The list of accepted posters will be available through the workshop web page. NO PAPER proceedings will be published regarding the posters. Instead, IWSEC 2022 will provide a space for each poster at IWSEC 2022 poster session room and web page. This poster data must be in PDF-format. All posters will be available at IWSEC 2022 web page one week before and after IWSEC 2022.  
 Basically, copyrights of any content for the poster presentations are retained by the authors; we WILL NOT impose any restrictions on the poster authors to submit the contents to other journals/conferences in the future.  
 However, the authors must take considerable care in publishing the documents at the workshop web page. Every published document is on POSTER AUTHORS’ RESPONSIBILITY. IWSEC 2022 accepts no responsibility and no liability for any loss resulting from the published documents. IWSEC 2022 does not endorse documents that violate any law or infringe the rights of any third party.  
   
 Best Poster Award  
 Prizes will be awarded to the authors of the Best Poster(s). Program Committees will select awards during the conference.  
   
 Committees  
 Poster Chair: Hiroki Kuzuno (Kobe University, Japan)  
   
 Instructions for Authors  
 Poster: | Submitted poster may contain 1 page with A0-size PDF-format. 
  Poster abstract: | The Abstract input to EasyChair should be less than 500 words. 
  Submissions are to be made via the submission website  . Only PDF files will be accepted. Please choose 'poster' track (DO NOT choose A or B) when submitting. Submissions not meeting these guidelines may be rejected without consideration of their merit. For each accepted poster, at least one of the authors must register for the workshop after receiving an acceptance email notification and is also recommended to answer the questions from the attendees on Slack and Zoom. The title and the list of authors of the final version cannot be changed from the submitted version unless otherwise approved by the poster chair.  
 Go to Submission Page of EasyChair  .  
 Send any questions regarding poster presentation to iwsec2022-poster  iwsec.org  

 | Home  | ISEC  | CSEC  |   
 © IWSEC.   

  