JELIA 2023         
 Call For Papers  Important Dates  Program  Invited Speakers  Accepted Papers  Program  Recorded Talks    
   
 Proceedings  Attending JELIA 2023  Registration  Venue  Location  Accommodation    
   
 Organization    

 Call For Papers  
    
 The Program Committee of the 18th European Conference on Logics in Artificial Intelligence (JELIA 2023) invites the submission of technical papers for the conference that will be held in Dresden, Germany, from the 20th to the 22nd of September of 2023.  
 Aim and Scope  
 The aim of JELIA 2023 is to bring together active researchers interested in the use of logics in Artificial Intelligence, in order to discuss current research, results, problems, and applications of both theoretical and practical nature. JELIA strives to foster links and facilitate cross-fertilization of ideas among researchers from various disciplines, among researchers from academia and industry, and between theoreticians and practitioners.  
 Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished research in all areas related to the use of logics in Artificial Intelligence, including, but not limited to:  
 Abductive and inductive reasoning 
  Applications of logic-based AI systems 
  Argumentation 
  Automated reasoning including satisfiability checking and its extensions 
  Causality and logics 
  Computational complexity and expressiveness 
  Deontic logic and normative systems 
  Description logics and other logical approaches to ontologies 
  Knowledge representation, reasoning, and compilation 
  Learning and reasoning 
  Logic programming, answer set programming, constraint logic programming 
  Logics for uncertain and probabilistic reasoning 
  Logics in machine learning 
  Logics in multi-agent systems, games, and social choice 
  Neural networks and logic rules 
  Non-classical logics, such as modal, temporal, epistemic, dynamic, spatial, paraconsistent, and hybrid logics 
  Nonmonotonic logics, default logics, conditional logics 
  Planning and diagnosis based on logic 
  Preferences and optimization 
  Reasoning about actions 
  Updates, belief revision and nonmonotonic reasoning 
  Submissions describing implemented systems/applications and their application area(s) are also welcome. Special Track  
 This year's conference will include a Special Track on Logics for Explainable and Trustworthy AI  . We welcome contributions that describe logic-based approaches to making AI more transparent, safer, or more trustable. The track aims to draw attention to this timely topic and create a space for discussing the role of logic. The papers accepted for the special track will be presented in dedicated sessions at the conference.  
 Awards  
 JELIA 2023 is happy to announce that there will be Best Paper and Best Student Paper Prizes sponsored by Springer, each is a cash prize amounting to EUR 500. The Program Committee will select for this honor the contribution of the highest technical excellence and scientific merit. In the case of the latter award, the primary author of the paper must be a student at the time of submission.  
 In previous editions, the best paper of JELIA has been invited to the sister conference track of IJCAI, and the conference series intends to carry on with this tradition.  
 The authors of selected contributions of outstanding quality will be invited to submit an extended version of their work to the TPLP journal and will enjoy fast-track reviewing and publication.  
 Submission Details  
 JELIA 2023 Submission on EasyChair    
   
  JELIA 2023 welcomes submissions of long or short papers. All submissions should contain original research, and sufficient detail to assess the merits and relevance of the contribution. Submissions must not have been previously published or be simultaneously submitted for publication elsewhere; see also the note below.  
 All submissions should not exceed 13 pages for long papers and 6 pages for short papers (excluding references, including everything else, for example figures), and should be written in English. Papers must be self-contained; appendices with additional material (such as proofs) will only be considered at the reviewers' discretion and will not be published. Submissions must be formatted according to the standard Springer LNCS style (see https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  ), and are not anonymous. The conference proceedings of JELIA 2023 will be published by Springer Verlag in the series Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence, a sub-series of Lecture Notes in Computer Science (important note: Springer will require all the LaTeX source files of all accepted submissions).  
 Camera-Ready Instructions   
 The final paper and the signed copyright form are due on July 27th, 2023.  This is a firm deadline for the production of the proceedings. You should submit your paper using your EasyChair proceedings author role for JELIA 2023.  
  
 FINAL PAPER: Please submit the files belonging to your camera-ready paper using your EasyChair author account. Follow the instructions after the login for uploading two files: | a zipped file containing all your LaTeX sources, and 
  the PDF version of your camera-ready paper | The page limit is strict, and it is | for long papers, 14 pages excluding references, and 
  for short papers, 7 pages excluding references. | Note that | you have one additional page w.r.t. the submitted version | , use it to properly incorporate the reviewers comments and improve your paper as suggested. | Please follow strictly the author instructions of Springer-Verlag when preparing the final version: | https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  . | Our publisher has recently introduced an extra control loop: once data processing is finished, they will contact all corresponding authors and ask them to check their papers. We expect this to happen shortly before the printing of the proceedings. At that time your quick interaction with Springer-Verlag will be greatly appreciated. 
  COPYRIGHT: Please upload a signed and completed copyright form to us as soon as possible. The Springer copyright forms can be found at | https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/15433008/data/Contract_Book_Contributor_Consent_to_Publish_LNCS_SIP | It is sufficient for one of the authors to sign the copyright form. You can scan the form into PDF or any other standard image format. 
   
 Policy on multiple Submissions  
 JELIA 2023 will not accept any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review or has already been published or accepted for publication in a journal or another conference. Authors are also required not to submit their papers elsewhere during JELIA's review period. However, these restrictions do not apply to previous workshops with a limited audience and without archival proceedings.  
 Any additional questions can be directed towards the JELIA Chairs: jelia2023@easychair.org   

  Sponsors  
 Gold  

 Silver  

 Bronze  

 Honorary Mention  

 Organised by:    

 Legal notice  Accessibility    
 Twitter  Mastodon    

  