Toggle navigation      JSSPP    
 About 
  Call for Submissions 
  Deadlines 
  Program 
  Submission 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Workloads 
  Tools 

 Call for Papers  
   
  JSSPP welcomes Regular Papers (RP)  as well as descriptions of Open Scheduling Problems (OSP)  and Workload Traces (WT)  coming from interesting scheduling domains (see below). Our goal with the OSP papers is to build a bridge between the production and research worlds, enhancing mutual understanding and reproducibility to facilitate direct collaborations and impact. Our goal with the WT papers is to tackle the lack of real-world data that often hampers the ability of the research community to engage with scheduling problems in a way that has a real-world impact.  
 Call for Regular Papers (RP)  
 JSSPP solicits regular papers that focus on challenges in parallel scheduling, including but not limited to: Design of new scheduling approaches. 
  Performance evaluation of scheduling approaches, including methodology, benchmarks, and metrics. 
  Fulfilling additional constraints in scheduling systems, like job priorities, price, energy requirements (Green Computing), accounting, load estimation, and quality of service guarantees. 
  Impact of scheduling strategies on system utilization, application performance, user-friendliness, cost efficiency, and energy efficiency. 
  Scaling and architecture of very large scheduling systems. 
  Operational challenges: Capacity planning, service level assurance, reliability. 
  Interaction between schedulers on different levels (e.g., processor vs cluster) and tenancy domains (single and multi-tenant) 
  Interaction between applications/workloads, e.g., efficient batch job and container/Pod/VM co-scheduling within a single system, etc. 
  Experience reports from large-scale compute production systems. 
  GPU/Accelerator (co)scheduling. 
  AI/ML-inspired scheduling approaches. 
  Call for Workload Traces (WT)  
 JSSPP welcomes papers introducing workload traces from workloads of real systems that offer challenges in the context of this workshop. These submissions should include: Anonymized (if needed) workload artifacts that describe a significant share of individual units of resource scheduling (jobs, pods, VMs, functions, etc.) during a period of life in a parallel computing system. 
  A description of the parallel system running these workloads. 
  An analysis of the traces, modeling key workload features and highlighting scheduling challenges in their hosting systems. 
  We ask submitters to employ known workload description languages (e.g., SWF  ) to represent their traces or to attach schemas that allow interpreting them. The submission of artifacts that model the workloads is also encouraged. Call for Open Scheduling Problems (OSP)  
 JSSPP welcomes papers describing open problems in large-scale scheduling. We believe that clearly described real-world scheduling problems will help both the industry and the scientific communities to bridge the gap that often prevents the adoption of newly proposed scheduling techniques in practice. Effective scheduling approaches are predicated on three things: A concise understanding of scheduling goals, and how they relate to one another. 
  Details of the workload (job arrival times, sizes, shareability, deadlines, etc.) 
  Details of the system being managed (size, break/fix lifecycle, allocation constraints) 
  Submissions must include a concise description of the key metrics of the system and how they are calculated, as well as anonymized data publication of the system workload and production schedule. Ideally, anonymized operational logs would also be published, though we understand this might be more difficult. We envision that OSP papers will stimulate the development of new scheduling approaches, which can be robustly compared with the schedules used in production facilities, and other approaches to solve the same problems. Submission Format  
 Paper formatting requirements are the same for Regular Papers, Workload Traces, and OSP-related submissions. Papers should be no longer than 20 single-spaced pages, 10pt font, including figures and references. All submissions must follow the LNCS format  . See the instructions at Springer's website: http://www.springer.com/lncs  or in the Submission section  .  
   
 All papers in scope will be reviewed by at least three members of the program committee  .  
  Submissions are accepted by EasyChair submission page  .  
   Submission is open   

  Paper Submission Deadline  
   
 February 2nd, 2025    

  Author Notification  
   
 March 1st, 2025   

  Camera-Ready Paper  
   
 July 27th, 2025    

 JSSPP 1995-2024 – the Workshop on Jobs Scheduling Strategies for Parallel Processing.  Contact email: jssppw@gmail.com   

  