Skip to content   
 JURIX   
   
 The Foundation for Legal Knowledge Systems   
   
 Menu  About 
  Conferences 
  Proceedings 

 JURIX 2024 call for papers  
 Posted on June 18, 2024  October 21, 2024    by admin      
  
 JURIX 2024 – The 37th International Conference on Legal Knowledge and Information Systems   
 December 11-13, 2024, Institute of Law and Technology (Faculty of Law), Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic   
 https://jurix2024.law.muni.cz/   
 (Long, short, demo) paper submission  : September 6, 2024  
  Abstract submission (recommended)  : August 30, 2024  
 Topics   
 For almost 40 years, the JURIX conference has provided an international forum for research on the intersection of Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Information Systems, under the auspices of the JURIX Foundation for Legal Knowledge Systems.  
 The purpose of the JURIX conference series is to foster scientific exchange between researchers, practitioners, students, dedicated to exploring recent advancements, challenges, and opportunities of technologies applied to legal and para-legal activities. We invite submissions of original papers on legal information, legal knowledge systems, artificial intelligence and law, computational and socio-technical approaches to law and other normative systems, covering foundations, methods, tools, systems, interfaces, and applications. Papers should demonstrate added value, novelty of contribution and/or analysis, significance of the work, (formal) validity and/or proper evaluation.  
 Topics include, but are not limited to:  
 I – Logics and Normative Systems   
 Computational theories of law 
  Computational representations of legal rules and domain-specific languages (DSLs) for law 
  Formal logics and computational models of legal reasoning and decision-making (e.g., argumentation, statutory, rule-based, case-based, evidential reasoning), including relevant concepts such as qualification, causation, responsibility 
  Formal models of norms and norm-governed systems 
  Knowledge representation, knowledge engineering, and ontologies in the legal domain 
  Semantic web, open and linked data, mark-up languages for the legal domain 
  Normative reasoning by autonomous agents; multi-agent systems: norm operationalization, norm emergence 
  Computational methods for agent-based modelling for policy-making and norm-making 
  Computational methods for negotiation, contract formation, dispute resolution 
  Computational methods for preference aggregation and voting 
  Computational methods for compliance-checking, authorization, auditing, and regulation 
  Computational methods for AI and Data Governance 
  II – Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning   
 Argument mining on legal texts 
  Machine learning methods and models for legal document classification, information retrieval, automatic summarization of legal text 
  Machine learning methods and models in support to regulatory and contract drafting 
  Natural language processing for legal text analysis, including law-specific standard NLP tasks (Named Entity Recognition, Semantic Role Labelling, Translation, etc.) 
  Information extraction, text understanding (e.g. entailment) from legal data and texts 
  Question-answering systems, chatbots, and dialog systems in the legal domain 
  Network analysis applied to legal documents (statutory law, case law, jurisprudence) and legal data 
  Knowledge discovery, Causal discovery, and Process mining in the legal domain 
  Recommender systems in the legal domain 
  Datasets and other resources that have a high potential to support significant future research in AI & Law 
  III – Cognitive and Socio-Technical Systems   
 Cognitive computing and AI-enabled information systems for legal knowledge management (legal research and case management), legal data visualization, and decision support 
  Hybrid architectures (symbolic and sub-symbolic) in legal applications 
  Human-computer interaction in legal applications 
  Explainable AI for legal applications 
  Fairness and bias mitigation in AI systems for legal practices 
  Technical regulation of AI, data-sharing, information processing, and computing systems 
  AI-enabled information systems improving access to justice and equal opportunities 
  e-government, e-democracy, and e-justice 
  AI applications in legal education and training 
  Intelligent legal tutoring systems, intelligent support systems for forensics 
  Submission and Publication   
 The deadline for paper submission is September 6, 2024 (AoE). Abstract submission (August 30, 2024) is recommended. All submissions should be formatted using the styles and guidelines in the IOS Press Instructions for Authors (https://www.iospress.com/book-article-instructions) and prepared for single-blind peer review.  
 There are three categories of papers: long, short, and poster. Please indicate a desired category when you submit your paper. In exceptional cases, a long paper may be considered for acceptance as a short paper or a poster.  
 Long papers: reports of well-developed and original research. An accepted long paper scores well in terms of relevance, originality, technical quality, significance, literature review, presentation, reviewer’s confidence, and overall evaluation. These should not exceed 10 pages (excluding references). 
  Short papers: descriptions of preliminary results or an innovative idea. These papers should not exceed 5 pages (excluding references). 
  Posters papers: (short) descriptions of a system or research projects in very early stage. These papers should not exceed 2 pages (excluding references). Authors of poster papers should be willing to prepare and present a poster at the conference. 
  All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. The papers are required to thoroughly reference relevant AI & Law literature, especially contributions from JURIX, ICAIL, and the AI & Law journal as well as from other relevant venues. The conference proceedings will be published by IOS Press in their series Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications (FAIA) as gold open access.  
 Important Dates   
 Abstract submission deadline: August 30, 2024 (recommended)  
  Paper submission deadline: September 6, 2024   
  Notification of acceptance: October 11, 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline: October 25, 2024  
  Workshops, Tutorials, and Doctoral Consortium: December 11, 2024  
  Main Conference: December 13, 2024  
 Organization and Contacts   
 Program Chair: Jaromir Savelka, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, USA  
  Organizing Chair: Jakub Harasta, Masaryk University, Brno, Czechia  
 For questions, please contact the Program Chair ( jsavelka@cs.cmu.edu  ).  
           
 Posted in Announcements    
  
 Post navigation  
 Previous    

 Subscribe to JURIX mailing list    
   
  Jurix 2024 – Brno   
  Jurix 2023 – Maastricht   
  Jurix 2022 – Saarbrücken   
  Jurix 2021 – Vilnius (hybrid)   
  Jurix 2020 – Brno/Prague (online)   
  Jurix 2019 – Madrid   
  Jurix 2018 – Groningen   
  Jurix 2017 – Luxembourg   
  Jurix 2016 – Nice   
  Jurix 2015 – Braga   
  Jurix 2014 – Kraków    
  
 Search for:       
 Recent Posts  
 JURIX 2024 call for papers 
  JURIX 2023 call for papers 
  JURIX 2022 call for papers 
  1st Call for Papers JURISIN 2022 
  Call for participation COLIEE 2022 

   Vox Popul II   
 The Balancing Act: Looking Backward, Looking Ahead 
  25 for 25: So What(‘s Next)? 
  You with the law show? 
  25 for 25: City Miles, Jazz, and Beacons 
  Deeply intertwingled laws 

 © JURIX 2024  
  Base WP designed by Iografica Themes  .   

  