  

 Home 
  About | Organizing Committee 
  Venue 
  Call for Papers | General Call 
  Submission Guidelines 
  ACM Open Access Guidance 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Leadership Academy 
  Important Dates 
  Schedule | Pre-conference Schedule 
  Plan Your Trip | Venue 
  Hotels & Lodging 
  Travel Information 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Registration | Registration Details 
  LAK25 Scholarship 
  Sponsors 

 Home 
  About | Organizing Committee 
  Venue 
  Call for Papers | General Call 
  Submission Guidelines 
  ACM Open Access Guidance 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Leadership Academy 
  Important Dates 
  Schedule | Pre-conference Schedule 
  Plan Your Trip | Venue 
  Hotels & Lodging 
  Travel Information 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Registration | Registration Details 
  LAK25 Scholarship 
  Sponsors 

  General Call  
  
 The 2025 edition of  The International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge (LAK25)   will take place in-person in Dublin, Ireland. LAK25 is organized by the Society for Learning Analytics Research (SoLAR) with Technological University Dublin (TU Dublin). LAK25 is a collaborative effort by researchers and practitioners to share the most rigorous cutting edge work in learning analytics.   
 The theme for the 15th annual LAK conference is  Expanding the Horizons of Learning Analytics   . After this many years of research and practice, the Learning Analytics field has established its own identity, traditions, and community. Pursuing our initial objective of making use of data to better understand and improve learning processes, we have studied and impacted numerous aspects of both formal and informal education. However, as the field enters its teenage years, it faces swift and significant shifts in technological, theoretical, and pedagogical contexts that have a direct effect on our work. For instance, artificial intelligence (AI) offers the yet-to-be-proven promise of facilitating and democratizing data analysis, while also posing significant ethical challenges. Critical theories prompt us to examine the values and unintended consequences of our contributions. Novel educational models demand innovative methods for studying learning processes and measuring and assessing learning outcomes.   
 In response, the community is actively reassessing and reshaping what it means to “do learning analytics” within these evolving environments. This process of reinvention often involves stepping out of our comfort zone, established during the field’s formative years, to explore new theories, learning processes, data sources, communication modalities, analytical methods, delivery mechanisms, structures for ownership and adoption, and even reconsidering who leads and implements the analytics process. This year's conference aims to highlight and celebrate the trailblazing works that are expanding the horizons of the learning analytics field.   
 The LAK conference is intended for both researchers and practitioners  . We invite both researchers and practitioners of learning analytics to come and join a proactive dialogue around the future of learning analytics and its practical adoption. We further extend our invite to educators, leaders, administrators, government and industry professionals interested in the field of learning analytics and its related disciplines.   
 Authors should note that:   
 The LAK conference has received a | CORE ranking | of A (top 16% of all 783 ranked venues). 
  LAK is the only conference in the | top 20 Google Scholar citation ranks for educational technology publications. 

 Conference Theme and Topics  
 We welcome submissions from both research and practice, encompassing different theoretical, methodological, empirical and technical contributions to the learning analytics field. Learning analytics research draws on many distinct academic fields, including psychology, the learning sciences, education, neuroscience, computer science and design. We encourage the submission of work conducted in any of these traditions, as long as it is done rigorously. We also welcome research that validates, replicates and examines the generalizability of previously published findings, as well as examines aspects of adoption of existing learning analytics methods and approaches.   
 Specifically, this year, in line with the conference main theme of  Expanding the Horizons of Learning Analytics   , we encourage authors to address some of the following questions in their submissions:   
 Expanding our Theoretical Perspectives: | Bringing new theoretical lenses and deepening connections to existing theoretical approaches towards improved understanding of teaching and learning processes. 
  Expanding the Types and Complexity of Data: | Multisource and multimodal data paired with relevant and pedagogically valid data fusion strategies. 
  Expanding our Methodological Toolbox: | New ways to collect and analyze data, design learning analytics interventions, and evaluate impact. Special attention will be given to novel uses of Generative AI. 
  Expanding our Delivery Mechanisms: | Going beyond traditional dashboard and data visualizations. 
  Expanding our Ethical Considerations: | How learning analytics is helping (or not) to create a more just and inclusive future for all learners. 
  Expanding our Approaches to Responsible Data Use and Analytics | : Adopting novel approaches and technologies to ensure privacy protection and trustworthy analytics 
  Reaching out New Populations and Stakeholders: | Diversifying the groups of people we usually work with, including expansion of our geographical and cultural reach. 
  Rethinking the Learning Analytics practice: | Novel ways to empower stakeholders in co-designing, leading, and executing learning analytics processes. 
  Disclaimer:  The authors are not required to address the theme of the conference and the consideration of the papers for acceptance will not be based on their fit to the conference theme. The purpose of every annual conference’s theme is to encourage discussions and debate on emerging topics and issues in the field.   
 Usual topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:   
 Implementing Change in Learning & Teaching:   
 Ethical issues around learning analytics | : Analysis of issues and approaches to the lawful and ethical capture and use of educational data traces; tackling unintended bias and value judgements in the selection of data and algorithms; perspectives and methods that empower stakeholders. 
  Learning analytics adoption | : Discussions and evaluations of strategies to promote and embed learning analytics initiatives in educational institutions and learning organizations. Studies that examine processes of organizational change and practices of professional development that support impactful learning analytics use. 
  Learning analytics strategies for scalability | : Discussions and evaluations of strategies to scale capture and analysis of information in useful and ethical ways at the program, institution or national level; critical reflections on organizational structures that promote analytics innovation and impact in an institution. 
  Equity, fairness and transparency in learning analytics: | Consideration of how certain practices of data collection, analysis and subsequent action impact particular populations and affect human well-being, specifically groups that have been previously disadvantaged. D | iscussions of how learning analytics may impact (positively or negatively) social change and transformative social justice. 
  Understanding Learning & Teaching:   
 Data-informed learning theories | : Proposals of new learning/teaching theories or revisions/reinterpretations of existing theories based on large-scale data analysis. 
  Insights into specific learning processes | : Studies to understand particular aspects of a learning/teaching process through the use of data science techniques, | including negative results | . 
  Learning and teaching modeling | : Creating mathematical, statistical or computational models of a learning/teaching process, including its actors and context. 
  Systematic reviews | : Studies that provide a systematic and methodological synthesis of the available evidence in an area of learning analytics. 
  Tracing Learning & Teaching:   
 Finding evidence of learning | : Studies that identify and explain useful data for analyzing, understanding and optimizing learning and teaching. 
  Assessing student learning | : Studies that assess learning progress through the computational analysis of learner actions or artifacts. 
  Analytical and methodological approaches | : Studies that introduce analytical techniques, methods, and tools for modeling student learning. 
  Technological infrastructures for data storage and sharing | : Proposals of technical and methodological procedures to store, share and preserve learning and teaching traces, taking appropriate ethical considerations into account. 
  Impacting Learning & Teaching:   
 Human-centered design processes: | Research that documents practices of giving an active voice to learners, teachers, and other educational stakeholders in the design process of learning analytics initiatives and enabling technologies. 
  Providing decision support and feedback | : Studies that evaluate the use and impact of feedback or decision-support systems based on learning analytics (dashboards, early-alert systems, automated messages, etc.). 
  Data-informed decision-making: | Studies that examine how teachers, students or other educational stakeholders come to, work with and make changes using learning analytics information. 
  Personalized and adaptive learning | : Studies that evaluate the effectiveness and impact of adaptive technologies based on learning analytics. 
  Practical evaluations of learning analytics efforts | : Empirical evidence about the effectiveness of learning analytics implementations or educational initiatives guided by learning analytics. 

 Conference Tracks  
 Below is a listing of all LAK25 tracks that are accepting submissions. For any further technical details and submission information, please be sure to review all of the submission instructions that can be found on the LAK25 Submission Guidelines Page.    

 Research Track   
   
 Practitioner Track   
   
 Posters & Demos   
   
 Workshops & Tutorials Track (Pre-Conference)   
   
 Leadership Academy (Pre-Conference)   
   
 Doctoral Consortium (Pre-Conference)   

 The focus of the research track is on advancing scholarly knowledge in the field of learning analytics through rigorous reports of learning analytics research studies. The primary audience includes academics, research scientists, doctoral students, postdoctoral researchers and other types of educational research staff working in different capacities on learning analytics research projects.   
 Starting with LAK21, LAK follows ACM’s 1-column format for submissions. Templates and formatting details are outlined in the LAK25 Submission Guidelines  . Please note that published Proceedings will appear in ACM 2-column format.   
 Submission types for the research track are similar to other years:   
 Full research papers (up to 16 pages in ACM 1-column format, including references) | include a clearly explained substantial conceptual, technical or empirical contribution to learning analytics. The scope of the paper must be placed appropriately with respect to the current state of the field, and the contribution should be clearly described. This includes the conceptual or theoretical aspects at the foundation of the contribution, an explanation of the technical setting (tools used, how are they integrated into the contribution), analysis, and results. See the bulleted list of questions above for more detailed ideas on useful elements to include. 
  Short research papers (up to 10 pages in ACM 1-column format, including references) | can address on-going work, which may include a briefly described theoretical underpinning, an initial proposal or rationale for a technical solution, and preliminary results, with consideration of stakeholder engagement issues. See the bulleted list of questions above for more detailed ideas on useful elements to include. 
  To submit please use the links found on the submission guidelines page  .  You will also find best practices and other documentation.  
 NOTE:  If you are a newcomer to the LAK conference, it might be helpful to review the  LAK24 ACM proceedings   , openly available from the SoLAR website via ACM’s OpenTOC service. For Tips on writing LAK papers see  here   .   
 Should you have further questions regarding paper length or format, please contact us at lakconference@gmail.com.   

 The practitioner track is part of the main conference program and provides a way in which real-world learning analytics implementations in use by practitioners can be shared with the entire community. The intent of the stream is to contribute to our collective understanding of learning analytics in practice, analysis of the use of learning analytics in product development and improvement, learning analytics intervention deployment, research-based evaluations of learning analytics implementations and methodologies. Specifically, some of the goals of practitioner presentations are to:   
 contribute to the conversation between researchers and practitioners around adoption, implementation, scaling and evaluation of learning analytics, 
  provide insights from practice around factors enabling or constraining learning analytics adoption and implementation, 
  conduct critical analysis of learning analytics adoption strategies and approaches, and/or 
  share experiences on developing a business case for learning analytics adoption. 
  provide experience of innovative evaluation methodologies or approaches. 
  To meet these goals, submissions are encouraged to reflect on the context and purpose of the presented learning analytics initiative, discuss implementation, outcomes, impacts, and learning, and consider implications for others attempting similar work. We also encourage submissions where an initiative did not achieve what was expected, as we believe that such examples provide valuable knowledge to the community.   
 We welcome submissions that fall in the scope described above from anyone regardless of their institutional roles. Some examples of practitioner participants are:   
 Educators, students, learning/instructional designers, faculty developers, and other staff directly involved in learning, teaching, and assessment within educational institutions. 
  Policy makers, department leads, instructional technologists, analysts, and other services staff from education institutions. 
  Developers, designers, analysts, and other representatives from commercial and industry entities, non-profit organizations, and government bodies. 
  Corporate trainers, instructors and other staff involved in the skills development of employees, alternative credentialing models and the impact on using data to guide corporate learning programs. 
  S  uccessful submissions are expected to offer unique or distinct insights into practical applications, intervention designs, analyses, and/or the processes surrounding their implementation.   
 The more complete the report of the work is, including usage of the learning analytics and their impact, the higher the probability of being selected for inclusion. Submissions should include:   
 thorough description of the institutional/organizational context for the work, 
  the background of why the initiative was implemented and/or product was developed, 
  detailed presentation of its implementation and results, 
  discussion of issues that arose / lessons learned / implications for future efforts by others in the LAK community attempting similar work. 
  The following criteria will guide reviewers when selecting submissions, although we recognise that this list may not be applicable to all submissions. Authors are encouraged to consider the following when preparing their submissions:   
 Learning/education related | : The submission should describe work that utilizes learning analytics, either at an educational institution or in an area (such as corporate training, health care or informal learning) where the goal is to improve the learning environment or the learning outcomes. 
  Stakeholder involvement | : All submissions should include perspectives from people who have participated in the initiative or intervention in a learning environment, and/or have been impacted by it (such as faculty, students, administrators and trainees). 
  No sales pitches | : While submissions from commercial suppliers are welcomed, reviewers will not accept overt (or covert) sales pitches. Reviewers will look for evidence that the presentation will take into account challenges faced, problems that have arisen, and/or user feedback that needs to be addressed. 
   
 Practitioner Report  (2-4 page document, using the  SoLAR companion proceedings template   )  should include accounts and findings that stem from practical experience in implementing learning analytics projects incorporating the following sections:   
  
 Presenter’s Names (Left blank for double blind submission // Only add in for camera-ready version) 
  Presentation Title: 
  Abstract (100-150 words): 
  Keywords (up to 10): 
  Full Presentation Description 
   
 All accepted submissions to the Practitioner track will be published in the LAK25 Companion Proceedings and archived on the  SoLAR website   .   

 Posters | (3 pages, | SoLAR companion proceedings template | ) represent i) a concise report of recent findings or other types of innovative work not ready to be submitted as a full or short research paper or ii) a description of a practical learning analytics project implementation which may not be ready to be presented as a practitioner report. Poster presentations are part of the LAK Poster & Demo session, and authors are given a physical board to present and discuss their projects with delegates. 
  Interactive demos | (200 words abstract in | SoLAR companion proceedings template | + 5 min video) provide opportunities to showcase interactive learning analytics tools. Interactive demonstrations are part of the LAK Poster & Demo session, and presenters are given a physical space to demonstrate their latest learning analytics projects, tools, and systems. Demos should be used to communicate innovative user interface designs, visualizations, or another novel functionality that tackles a real user problem. Tools may be prototypes in an early stage of development or relatively mature products. In whichever stage, tools should have been field-tested with an authentic use case and provide some results and feedback. Submissions for conceptual products or for products that have not been used by instructors and/or students are unlikely to be accepted. 

 The focus of pre-conference events is on providing space for new and emerging ideas in learning analytics and their further development. Events can have either research or practical focus and can be structured in the way which best serves their particular purpose.   
 The types of submissions for the pre-conference event track are:   
 Workshops | (4 pages, | SoLAR companion proceedings template | ) provide an efficient forum for community building, sharing of perspectives, training, and idea generation for specific and emerging research topics or viewpoints. Successful proposals should be explicit regarding the kind of activities participants should expect, for example from interactive/generative participatory sessions to mini-conference or symposium sessions. 
  Tutorials | (4 pages, | SoLAR companion proceedings template | ) aim to educate stakeholders on a specific learning analytics topic and/or stakeholder perspective. Proposals should be clear about what the need is for particular knowledge, target audience and their prior knowledge, and the intended learning outcomes. 

 For more information please review the Leadership Academy Call  .   
 Submission Deadline is October 7, 2024 11:59 PM AOE.  

 For more information please review the Doctoral Consortium Call  .   
 Submission Deadline is October 7, 2024 11:59 PM AOE.  

 Review Process  
 LAK25 will use a  double-blind peer review process for all submissions except demos, pre-conference events, the doctoral consortium and the leadership academy  (which each require elements that prevent blinding). To continue to strengthen the review process for both authors and reviewers LAK25 will have a  rebuttal phase for full and short research papers  in which authors will be given  seven days  to flag any inaccuracies, omissions, or errors in the reviews  in a maximum of  500 words  . Rebuttals are  optional  , and there is no requirement to respond. Authors should keep in mind that papers are being  evaluated as submitted  and thus, responses should not propose new results or restructuring of the presentation. Therefore, rebuttals should focus on answering specific questions raised by reviewers (if any) and providing clarifications and justifications to reviewers. Meta-reviewers, senior members of the research community, make final recommendations for paper acceptance or rejection with justification to the program committee chairs after the rebuttal phase is concluded. Acceptance decisions are ultimately taken by the program committee chairs based on all available information from the review process in combination with the constraints of the allowable space in the conference program.   

 Proceedings Publication  
 Accepted full and short research papers will be included in the LAK25 conference proceedings published and archived by ACM. Other types of submissions (posters, demos, workshops, tutorials, practitioner reports and doctoral consortium) will be included in the open access LAK companion proceedings, published on SoLAR’s website. Please note at least  one of the authors of each accepted submission must register for the conference by the Early Bird deadline  in order for the paper to be included in the ACM or LAK Companion Proceedings.   
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model:   
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance  .  
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess   
 Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.  

 Important Dates for LAK25  
 All LAK25 Deadlines are 11:59pm AOE   .  
 Research Track   
  
 Full / Short Submission Deadline | 23 Sept 2024 
 Rebuttal submission open | 28 Oct 2024 
 Deadline for rebuttals | 4 Nov 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance | 22 Nov 2024 
 Deadline for camera ready | 9 Dec 2024 
  
 Practitioner Reports   
  
 Practitioner Submission Deadline | 7 Oct 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance | 22 Nov 2024 
 Deadline for camera ready | 20 Dec 2024 
  
 Poster / Demos   
  
 Poster/Demo Submission Deadline | 4 Nov 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance | 2 Dec 2024 
 Deadline for camera ready | 20 Dec 2024 
  
 Doctoral Consortium & Leadership Academy   
  
 DC & Leadership Academy Submission Deadline | 7 Oct 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance | 22 Nov 2024 
 Deadline for camera ready | 20 Dec 2024 
  
 Workshops / Tutorials   
  
 Workshop/Tutorial Submission Deadline | 9 Sept 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance for workshop organization | 30 Sept 2024 
 Submission Deadline for papers to individual workshops that issue calls** | 4 Dec 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance for papers submitted to individual workshops | 20 Dec 2024 
 Deadline for camera ready (Workshop organizer proposal docs) (individual workshop papers are not included in LAK proceedings) | 8 Jan 2025 
  
 **Workshop Paper Submissions - this term refers to papers submitted to be presented within an accepted LAK pre-conference workshop. Many LAK workshops are mini-symposium style and issue calls for papers. Please visit the pre-conference schedule when available to view which workshops have CFP’s that you may submit to.   
 Conference and Registration Dates   
  
 Early-bird registration closes at 11:59pm AOE | 20 Jan 2025 
 LAK25 conference, Dublin, Ireland | 3-7 March 2025 

 © 2024 Society for Learning Analytics Research (SoLAR).   
  Except where otherwise noted  , content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License  .  
  A Quadsimia   Website  Proudly made in Upstate NY.  

 Society for Learning Analytics Research (SoLAR)    
  