Toggle navigation          
 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 

 Fortieth Annual ACM/IEEE Symposium on   
  Logic in Computer Science (LICS)   
  Singapore • 23–26 June 2025    

  Call for Papers  
 The 40th Annual ACM/IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science (LICS 2025) will be held in Singapore, from 23 – 26 June, with workshops 27 and 28 June. The LICS  Symposium is an annual international forum on theoretical and practical topics in computer science that relate to logic, broadly construed. We invite submissions on topics that fit under that rubric. Suggested, but not exclusive, topics of interest include:  
 automata theory, automated deduction, categorical models and logics, concurrency and distributed computation, constraint programming, constructive mathematics, database theory, decision procedures, description logics, domain theory finite model theory, formal aspects of program analysis, formal methods, foundations of computability, foundations of probabilistic, real-time and hybrid systems, games and logic, higher-order logic, knowledge representation and reasoning, lambda and combinatory calculi, linear logic, logic programming logical aspects of AI logical aspects of bioinformatics, logical aspects of computational complexity, logical aspects of quantum computation logical frameworks, logics of programs, modal and temporal logics, model checking, process calculi, programming language semantics, proof theory, reasoning about security and privacy, rewriting, type systems, type theory, and verification.  

 Instructions to Authors  
 Authors are required to submit a paper title and a short abstract of about 100 words in advance of submitting the full paper. The exact deadline time on these dates is given by anywhere on earth   (AoE).  

 Titles and Short Abstracts Due | 16 January 2025 
 Full Papers Due | 23 January 2025 
 Author Response Period | 17–20 March 2025 
 Author Notification | 8 April 2025 
 Conference | 23 – 26 June 2025 
 Workshops | 27 – 28 June 2025 

 Submission deadlines are firm; late submissions will not be considered. All submissions will be electronic via https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lics25   .  
 Formatting instructions:  Every full paper must be submitted in the IEEE Proceedings 2-column 10pt format and may be at most 12 pages, excluding references. Please use IEEEtran.cls version V1.8b, updated 2024, LaTeX style files are available at ieee.org  .  
 The paper must be in English and provide sufficient detail to allow the program committee to assess the merits of the paper. It should begin with a succinct statement of the issues a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance and relevance to the conference and to computer science, all phrased for the non-specialist. Technical development directed to the specialist should follow. References and comparisons with related work must be included. (If necessary detailed proofs of technical results may be included in a clearly-labeled appendix, to be consulted at the discretion of program committee members.) Submissions not conforming to the above requirements will be rejected without further consideration. Papers authored or co-authored by members of the program committee are allowed, with at most one submission per PC member.  
 Results must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere, including the proceedings of other symposia or workshops. The program chair must be informed, in advance of submission, of any closely related work submitted or about to be submitted to a conference or journal. Authors of accepted papers are expected to sign copyright release forms. One author of each accepted paper is expected to register and present the paper at the conference. Remote presentations can be organized for authors who are not to be able to attend the meeting.  
 LICS 2025 will use a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Following this process means that reviewers will not see the authors' names or affiliations as they initially review a paper. The authors' names will then be revealed to the reviewers only once their reviews have been submitted.  
 To facilitate this process, submitted papers must adhere to the following:  
 Author names and institutions must be omitted and 
  References to the authors' own related work should be in the third person (e.g., not "We build on our previous work ..." but rather "We build on the work of ..."). 
  The purpose of this process is to help the reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission, makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult, or interferes with the process of disseminating new ideas. For example, important background references (to papers or tools) should not be omitted or anonymized, even if they are written by the same authors and share common ideas, techniques, or infrastructure. Authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For instance, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web or give talks on their research ideas.  
 Kleene Award, Distinguished Papers and Special Issues  
 An award in honor of the late Stephen C. Kleene will be given for the best student paper(s), as judged by the program committee.  
 Around 10% of accepted papers will be selected as distinguished papers. These are papers that, in the view of the LICS program committee, make exceptionally strong contribution to the field and should be read by a broad audience due their relevance, originality, significance and clarity.  
 Full versions of up to three accepted papers, to be selected by the program committee, will be invited for submission to the Journal of the ACM. Additional selected papers will be invited to a special issue of Logical Methods in Computer Science.  
 Publication  
 The official publication date may differ from the first day of the conference. The official publication date may affect the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. We will clarify the official publication date in due course.  

 Program Committee Chairs  
 Lars Birkedal | , | Aarhus University 
  Barbara König | , | University of Duisberg-Essen 
  Program Committee  
 Amal Ahmed | Northeastern University 
  Thorsten Altenkirch | University of Nottingham 
  Parosh Aziz Abdulla | Uppsala University 
  Giorgio Bacci | Aalborg University 
  Christel Baier | TU Dresden 
  Stephanie Balzer | Carnegie Mellon University 
  Mikołaj Bojańczyk | University of Warsaw 
  Filippo Bonchi | University of Pisa 
  Patricia Bouyer | CNRS 
  Luis Caires | Técnico Lisboa and INESC-ID 
  Hubie Chen | King's College London 
  Agata Ciabattoni | TU Wien 
  Thomas Ehrhard | Université Paris Cité, CNRS, Inria,CNRS 
  Diego Figueira | CNRS & LaBRI, Université Bordeaux 
  Wan Fokkink | Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 
  Daniel Gratzer | Aarhus University 
  Chris Heunen | The University of Edinburgh 
  Guilhem Jaber | Nantes Université 
  Patricia Johann | Appalachian State University 
  Robbert Krebbers | Radboud University Nijmegen 
  Stephan Kreutzer | TU Berlin 
  James Laird | University of Bath 
  Stefan Milius | FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg 
  Alexandre Miquel | Universidad de la República (Montevideo) 
  Rasmus Ejlers Møgelberg | IT University of Copenhagen 
  Anders Mörtberg | Stockholm University 
  Gopalan Nadathur | University of Minnesota 
  Frank Pfenning | Carnegie Mellon University 
  André Platzer | Karlsruhe Institute of Technology 
  Jakob Rehof | TU Dortmund 
  Ana Sokolova | University of Salzburg 
  Kristina Sojakova | Inria 
  Sam Staton | University of Oxford 
  Nicolas Tabareau | Inria 
  Joseph Tassarotti | New York University 
  Takeshi Tsukada | Chiba University 
  Nikos Tzevelekos | Queen Mary University of London 
  Publicity and Proceedings Chair  
 Sam Staton | , | Univ. Oxford 
  LICS Workshop Chair  
 Valentin Blot | , | Inria and ENS Paris-Saclay, France 
  Local Organizer  
 Frank Stephan | , | NUS, Singapore 
  Steering Committee  
 C Baier L Birkedal V Blot U Dal Lago J Esparza D Fisman M Gaboardi M Grohe J-P Katoen N Kobayashi B König O Kupferman D Miller B Pientka A Silva P Sobocinski S Staton F Stephan A Tiu I Walukiewicz (chair).  

 LICS Sponsorship  
 The symposium is sponsored by ACM SIGLOG  and the IEEE Technical Committee on Mathematical Foundations of Computing  .  
   Website by Sam Staton  based on a bootstrap  design by Hartmut Eilers  and Eric Koskinen  .  

  