IEEE MASS 2023    Home (current) 
  About 
  Authors | Call for Papers  Call for Posters and Demos  Final Paper Submission 
  Workshops | Call for Workshop Proposals  List of Workshops 
  Committee | Steering Committee  Organizing Committee  Program Committee 
  Program | Program At A Glance  Technical Sessions  Keynote  Accepted Papers 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Patrons 

 Call for Papers  

 Paper submission website is available in EDAS: https://edas.info/N30530   
 We are pleased to invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE MASS 2023. This can include, technical and experimental, theoretical, conceptual contributions. All original, unpublished contributions are solicited in all aspects of mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs) and smart systems, from mobile networking/computing to cyber-physical systems to Internet of Things, from theory to systems and applications. All submissions will be peer-reviewed based on relevance, originality, importance and clarity.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
  
 5G networks and technologies 
  AI/ML for smart wireless networks 
  AI and machine learning aided protocol design and resource allocation 
  AI and machine learning based applications for ad hoc networks 
  Algorithms for MANETs and WSNs 
  Application Layer Protocols 
  Clustering, topology control, coverage, and connectivity 
  Cognitive networking 
  Cooperative and cognitive communication 
  Cooperative sensing, compressive sensing, sensing from communications 
  Cloud, crowd-sourced, participatory and (mobile) social sensing 
  Cyber-physical systems and applications 
  Data gathering, fusion, and dissemination 
  Energy-efficient architectures, algorithms, and protocols 
  Experiences in real-world applications and deployments 
  Flying Ad-Hoc Networks 
  Free-space optical networks 
  Heterogeneous networks 
  Internet of Things (IoT) devices, gateways, and infrastructure 
  Light-weight distributed machine learning 
  Localization and Location Based Services 
  Measurements, experimental systems and test-beds 
  Mobile computing and networking 
  mmWave and Terahertz networks 
  Mobility modeling and management 
  Multi-channel, multi-radio and MIMO technologies 
  Network components, operating systems, and middleware 
  Opportunistic networking, delay tolerant networking 
  QoS and Resource management 
  Robotic networks 
  Routing protocols 
  Scalability, stability, and robustness of networks and sensor systems 
  Security and privacy at all layers, including the physical layer 
  Sensor enabled drone, UAV, UUV systems 
  Smart grid, healthcare, transportation applications 
  Vehicular networks and protocols 
  Visible light communications 
  Wearable and human-centric devices and networks 
   
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed on the basis of relevance, originality, importance, and clarity.  

 Submissions Guidelines and Proceedings  
 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research papers that are not currently under review elsewhere. All submissions should be written in English with a maximum length of 9 single-spaced, double-column pages using 10pt fonts on 8.5 in x 11 in paper, including all figures, tables, and references, in PDF format. Authors must use the Manuscript Templates for IEEE Conference Proceedings. Reviewing will be single-blind  , i.e., authors can keep their names on their submitted paper. Accepted papers will appear in the conference proceedings published by IEEE and will be presented at the conference. Based on TPC reviews and discussions, some papers may be accepted as 5-page short papers or 2-page posters in addition to the regular 9-page papers. For all papers, IEEE reserves the right to exclude the paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore) if the paper is not presented at the conference. Note that the conference will also include a poster and demo session.  
 Important Dates (EDT)  
  
 Paper Submission Due: | Monday, April 10, 2023 | Monday, April 24, 2023 
  Acceptance Notification: | Monday, June 26, 2023 
  Camera-ready Version: | Friday, July 14, 2023 
  Conference Dates: | September 25-27, 2023 
   
 Submission System (EDAS): https://edas.info/N30530   

 Copyright © 2023 The 20th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad Hoc and Smart Systems.  
  
  