  
 MEMOCODE'24   
 22nd ACM-IEEE International Symposium on Formal Methods and Models for System Design  
  Raleigh, USA  
  October 3-4, 2024  

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Program 

 Organization  
 General Co-Chairs | Stephen A. Edwards, Columbia University, USA; | Claire Pagetti, ONERA, France 
  Programme Committee Co-Chairs | Qi Zhu, Northwestern University, USA; | Srinivas Pinisetty, IIT Bhubaneswar, India 
    
 Program Committee  
 Ansuman Banerjee, Indian Statistical Institute, India 
  Chao Huang, University of Southampton, United Kingdom 
  Doron Peled, Bar Ilan University, Israel 
  Elizabeth Leonard, Naval Research Laboratory, United States 
  Eunsuk Kang, Carnegie Mellon University, United States 
  Inigo Incer, California Institute of Technology, United States 
  Jean-Pierre Talpin, Inria, Rennes, France 
  Jürgen Teich, University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany 
  Katell Morin-Allory, TIMA Laboratory, France 
  Khaza Anuarul Hoque, University of Missouri, United States 
  Klaus Schneider, University of Kaiserslautern, Germany 
  Luan Nguyen, University of Dayton, United States 
  Luciano Lavagno, Politecnico di Torino, Italy 
  Marjan Sirjani, Malardalen University, Sweden 
  Martin Fränzle, Carl von Ossietzky Universität Oldenburg, Germany 
  Matthew Kuo, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand 
  Partha Roop, University of Auckland, New Zealand 
  Patricia Derler, Zoox, United States 
  Pavithra Prabhakar, Kansas State University, United States 
  Pierluigi Nuzzo, University of Southern California, United States 
  Purandar Bhaduri, IIT Guwahati, India 
  Reinhard von Hanxleden, Kiel University, Germany 
  Rick Kuhn, Natl Institute of Standards & Technology, United States 
  Roberto Passerone, University of Trento, Italy 
  Sandeep Shukla, Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India 
  Sanjiva Prasad, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, India 
  Shuvra Bhattacharyya, University of Maryland, United States and INSA/IETR, France 
  Stavros Tripakis, Northeastern University, United States 
  Sven Schewe, University of Liverpool, United Kingdom 
  Thao Dang, CNRS/VERIMAG, France 
  Wenchao Li, Boston University, United States 
  Xin Chen, University of New Mexico, United States 
  Xuandong Li, Nanjing University, China 
    
 Steering Committee  
 SC Chair | Jean-Pierre Talpin, Inria, France 
  SC Members | Pierluigi Nuzzo, University of Southern California, USA | Partha Roop, University of Auckland, New Zealand | Klaus Schneider, TU Kaiserslautern Germany | S. Arun-Kumar, IIT, Delhi | Naijun Zhan, Institute of Software, CAS 

 Call for Papers  
 MEMOCODE brings together researchers and practitioners interested in formal methods for system design and development, to exchange ideas, research results and lessons learned. The symposium focuses on the foundations and applications of formal methods in the development of hardware, firmware, middleware, and application software for systems, ranging from single embedded devices to highly networked cyber-physical systems and the Internet of Things.  
 Topics of Interest  
 MEMOCODE solicits research papers on formal methods in system design that address the foundations, engineering methods, tools, or experimental case studies. Research areas of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Modeling Languages, Methods, and Tools | Programming languages and models; software and system modeling languages; architecture and high-level hardware description languages; timing models; model and program synthesis methods; model transformation methods. 
  Formal Methods and Tools | Correct-by-construction methods; contract-based design and verification; static, dynamic, and type theoretic analysis; verification; validation; probabilistic model checking; test generation; refinement-based and compositional approaches to design and verification. 
  Models and Methods for Developing Critical Systems | Fault-tolerant systems; security-critical and safety-critical systems; cyber-physical systems; hybrid systems; autonomous systems; self-adapting systems; systems that merge humans, artificial intelligence, and cyber-physical systems; societal-scale cyber-physical systems, such as connected vehicles and smart grids. 
  Quantitative/Qualitative Reasoning | Power/performance/cost/latency estimation methods; system models for quantitative design space exploration 
  Formal Methods/Models in Practice | Design case studies; empirical case studies 
   
 Dates  
 Abstract submission deadline: May 27, 2024  May 6, 2024 
  Paper submission deadline: May 27, 2024  May 20, 2024 
  Notification of acceptance: Jul 12, 2024  Jul 08, 2024 
  Final version of papers: Aug 05, 2024  Jul 29, 2024 
  Conference: Oct 3-4, 2024 
   MEMOCODE'24 is a part of ESWEEK 2024  , which will take place in Raleigh, USA. Registered attendees can attend sessions in any of the online events, including the conferences (CASES, CODES+ISSS, EMSOFT), symposia, tutorials, workshops, and education classes. Submissions  
 MEMOCODE'24 calls for three kinds of submissions: regular papers, work-in-progress papers, and tool presentations. All papers must be written in English and formatted according to the IEEE Computer Society guidelines  . A double-blind review process  will be enforced. Authors must not reveal their identity directly or indirectly. Submission of papers is handled via HotCRP  .  
 Regular papers | are no longer than 10 pages, excluding bibliography and appendices. They should describe original work that does not overlap with another publication or a submission under review or accepted for publication by any other conference or journal. Reviewers will check regular papers for the soundness and novelty of the proposed solutions. 
  Tool papers | are no longer than 8 pages, excluding bibliography and appendices. They should describe an existing and publicly available tool that implements relevant methods. The methods might have been published before, but the tool should not have been described in a tool paper previously. In addition to reviewing the paper, reviewers will assess the tool itself using inputs and a user's manual provided by the authors on the tool's web page. 
  Work-in-progress (WIP) papers | are no longer than 4 pages, excluding bibliography and appendices. They should describe ongoing work. Reviewers will judge the novelty of the idea, but do not yet expect proofs for the envisioned results. 
  For questions regarding technical submissions, feel free to contact one of the program committee co-chairs. All accepted papers (regular papers, WIP papers, and tool papers) will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore's scope and quality requirements. Publication in the proceedings is contingent on one author registering for and presenting the paper at the conference. We will also plan for a special issue of the ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems for which selected papers will be invited for publication. The Program Committee will also select 1-2 papers for the Best Paper Award.  

     