ACM MMSys'25         
 Authors   
 Research Track  Open Source Software & Datasets  Demos & Industry   Deadlines    
   
 Workshops   
 NOSSDAV  MMVE    
   
 Attending   
 Discover Stellenbosch  Conference Venue  Accommodation   Young African Researcher Travel Awards  Student Travel Grant   Visa Information  Register    
   
 Organisers   
 Organising Committee  Technical Program Committee    

 Archive   
 2024  2023  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  2016    

 The 16th ACM Multimedia Systems Conference  will be held from March 31st to April 3rd, 2025 in Stellenbosch, South Africa  

 Research Track  
 Full research papers are expected to present significant research contributions with detailed system design, analysis and evaluation. All accepted papers must be presented in person  . All submissions will be peer-reviewed by at least three TPC members.   
 Submissions are solicited on all aspects of multimedia systems, including but not limited to:  
   
 AI and Machine Learning in Multimedia Systems  
 Machine/Deep learning for multimedia understanding and all aspects of multimedia systems 
  Analytics for multimedia content and systems 

 Media Content  
 Content generation, adaptation, and summarization 
  Multiview, 360 degrees media 
  3D, and volumetric media, meshes, Light fields, Point clouds 
  Authoring language and tools 
  Video games and cloud gaming 

 Networking and Communication  
 Adaptive streaming of multimedia content 
  Sustainable (green) multimedia systems 
  Network and system support for multimedia 
  Mobile multimedia and 5G/6G 
  Internet of Things (IoTs) and multimedia 

 Computing Paradigms for Multimedia  
 Cloud and edge computing for multimedia systems 
  Distributed systems for multimedia 
  Cyber-physical systems 
  Digital twins 
  Autonomous multimedia systems 

 Quality and Performance  
 Quality of Experience (QoE) 
  Evaluation Performance 
  User behaviour analysis and modelling 

 Multimedia Applications  
 Multimedia systems for robotics and unmanned vehicles 
  Multimedia systems for health 
  Audio, image, and video coding for humans and machines 
  Multi-sensory experiences 
  Social VR/XR 
  Games/Entertainment 

 Deadlines  
 Please note that there are two independent deadlines for submission to the Full Research Papers track. Authors can submit papers to either or both deadlines. Authors of rejected papers in the first round may submit their revised papers to the second round only  if they address the majority of concerns raised by the reviewers in the first round. A summary of the revisions must be included in the paper; otherwise, the paper will be automatically rejected.   
 1st Round  
 Registration:   
  September 20th, 2024   
  Submission:   
  September 27th, 2024   
  Notification:   
  October 25th, 2024   
   
 2nd Round  
 Registration:   
  November 15th, 2024   
  Submission:   
  November 22nd, 2024   
  Notification:   
  January 10th, 2025   

 All accepted papers must be presented in person  .   
 ACM Policy on Authorship and Generative AI Tools  
 We follow the ACM Policy on Authorship (approved by the ACM Publications Board on April 20, 2023) which state the following:  
   
  Generative AI tools and technologies, such as ChatGPT, may not be listed as authors of an ACM published Work. The use of generative AI tools and technologies to create content is permitted but must be fully disclosed in the Work. For example, the authors could include the following statement in the Acknowledgements section of the Work: ChatGPT was utilized to generate sections of this Work, including text, tables, graphs, code, data, citations, etc.. If you are uncertain about the need to disclose the use of a particular tool, err on the side of caution, and include a disclosure in the acknowledgements section of the Work.  
   
  Basic word processing systems that recommend and insert replacement text, perform spelling or grammar checks and corrections, or systems that do language translations are to be considered exceptions to this disclosure requirement and are generally permitted and need not be disclosed in the Work. As the line between Generative AI tools and basic word processing systems like MS-Word or Grammarly becomes blurred, this Policy will be updated.  
   
  For further details and additional policies, please check the ACM website  and the related Frequently Asked Questions here  .   
 Revise and Resubmit Policy  
 Authors of papers submitted in the first round that have received a Revise and Resubmit recommendation are invited to submit a revision of their submission and a response to reviewers by the second submission deadline (November 22nd 2024). Note that author lists are not allowed to be changed after the review period has started. No new authors may be added during the revise and resubmit period, or for the camera-ready version due to potential conflicts of interest  (see ACM policy here  ).   
 Submission Information  
 Submission length: | Up to 10 pages plus references 
  Submission format: | Double blind using | ACM proceedings style | format (two-column LaTeX template with document class | \documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart} | ) 
    
 Submit your paper here!    
   
 Deadlines  
 Open Source  
 January 17 th  , 2025   

  Demos & Industry  
 January 17 th  , 2025   

  NOSSDAV  
 January 17 th  , 2025   

  MMVE  
 January 17 th  , 2025   

 Sponsors  

 Copyright © 2024 ACM MMSys Conference  

  