   
 MMM 2025   
 31st International Conference on Multimedia Modeling   
 January 8 - 10, 2025   
 Nara, Japan   

 Menu   MMM2025 
  Conference 
  Attending 
  Registration 
  Calls 
  Authors 
  Reviewers 
  Organization 

 Calls and Topics  
 Flyer  
 Click the following image for downloading PDF version.  
     
 Calls  
 Regular Papers  
 The conference calls for research papers describing novel results in the conference research topics  .  Pages  
 Limited to 12 content pages, including all figures, tables, and appendices, in the Springer LNCS style. Additional 2 pages containing only cited references are allowed.  
  To prepare your submission, refer to the submission guideline   

 Special Session Papers  
 Describing novel results that are focused on selected narrow topics.  The following are the accepted special sessions. Spatial Intelligence in Multimedia Analytics (SpIMA) 
  Multimedia Research in Robotics 
  MLLMA: Multimodal Large Language Models and Applications 
  ExpertSUM: Expert-Level Text Summarization from Fine-Grained Multimedia Analytics 
  Simulating Edge Computing and Multimodal AI: A Benchmark for Real-World Applications 
   Pages  
 Limited to 12 content pages, including all figures, tables, and appendices, in the Springer LNCS style. Additional 2 pages containing only cited references are allowed.  
  To prepare your submission, refer to the submission guideline   

 Video Browser Showdown  
 Papers for the video browsing contest attendees. See more detail in VBS homepage   Pages  
 To prepare your submission, refer to the submission guideline   

 Demonstrations  
 The conference calls for submissions giving an overview of new interesting software or methods.  Pages  
 Limited to 6 content pages, including all figures, tables, and appendices, in the Springer LNCS style. Additional 2 pages containing only cited references are allowed.  
  Furthermore, additional 1-2 pages must be appended to your PDF file, clearly describing what will be shown in the demonstration session and how MMM attendees can interact with your system or application. This additional content will not be published in the conference proceedings, should the submission be accepted. We also recommend including a URL linking to a short video (max. 3 min) to accompany the paper that shows the demonstration in action.  
  To prepare your submission, refer to the submission guideline   

 Special Session  
 Special sessions at MMM 2025 will focus on state-of-the-art research directions within the multimedia field. Special session papers, which can be invited or submitted, will supplement the regular research papers and be included in the proceedings of the conference. Special sessions should generally be organized in a panel format, where the authors have reduced time to present their work, followed by an extensive Q&A session with the audience. This has been shown to work well in recent editions of MMM.  
 The panel format is a general guideline rather than a strict requirement. If a proposal envisages a potential for a large number of submissions, or if particular value may be provided by the additional discussions that could come with the format of longer special session activities, we are open to such a submission and would negotiate it further.  
 Special Session Submission Process  
 Normally, each special session will include four to five papers. In addition to invited papers, if any, the conference will also welcome open submissions to special sessions. In order to ensure the high quality of accepted papers, all papers submitted to special sessions including invited papers, will be peer-reviewed through a strict review process. If a special session has many high-quality submissions, some of the submissions might be moved to regular sessions. The review process will be coordinated with the main technical program review process of the MMM, as coordinated by the PC chairs. The organizers of each special session must provide 1-2 reviews per submitted / invited paper, while the regular program committee will provide another two reviews. Final decision on acceptance / rejection will be made jointly by the special session organizers and the MMM 2025 PC chairs.  
 Special session papers must follow the same guidelines as regular research papers with respect to restrictions on formatting, length and double-blind reviews.  
 Special Session Proposal Guidelines  
 Please include the following information in your proposal:  
 Title of the proposed special session. 
  Name, affiliation, brief biography and contact information for each of the organizers. 
  A session abstract including significance justification and a brief overview of the state-of-the-art of the proposed special session topic. | Note: The session abstract should be in a format that can be copied directly to the conference web-page to advertise the session. 
  List of invited papers, if applicable, including for each paper: tentative title, author list, and preferably a short abstract. 
  Proposal for arrangement of the reviews from session organizers (e.g. list of reviewers for the special session). 
  Description of the session format (e.g. panel, technical talks poster session). 
  Plans for advertising the special session (e.g. targeted distribution lists, projects, communities). 
  If applicable, plans for exploitation of the results of the special session (e.g. summary papers). 
  Proposals will be evaluated based on the timeliness of the topic and relevance to MMM, anticipated quality of papers in the proposed session and the other information from the list above provided by the organisers.  
 Submission Instructions  
 Please submit proposals containing the information from above by email to the Community Direction chairs using subject “MMM 2025 Special Session Proposal” by the submission deadline (in the Important Dates section) with the email below:  
 mmm2025-coord@googlegroups.com   
 Receipt of a proposal will be confirmed by the chairs. Proposals will be evaluated based on the relevance to MMM, qualifications of the organizers, and the quality and community interest of the topic and proposed invited papers.  
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline: | 18 | 27 March 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance: 10 April 2024 

 Topics  
 Multimedia Content Analysis  
 Multimedia indexing 
  Multimedia mining 
  Multimedia abstraction and summarisation 
  Multimedia annotation, tagging and recommendation 
  Multimodal analysis for retrieval applications 
  Semantic analysis of multimedia and contextual data 
  Interactive learning 
  Multimedia knowledge acquisitionand construction 
  Multimedia verification 
  Multimedia fusion methods 
  Multimedia content generation 
    
 Multimedia Signal Processing and Communications  
 Media representation and algorithms 
  Multimedia sensors and interaction modes 
  Multimedia privacy, security and content protection 
  Multimedia standards and related issues 
  Multimedia databases, query processing, and scalability 
  Multimedia content delivery, transport and streaming 
  Wireless and mobile multimedia networking 
  Sensor networks (video surveillance, distributed systems) 
  Audio, image, video processing, coding and compression 
  Multi-camera and multi-view systems 
    
 Multimedia Applications, Interfaces and Services  
 Media content retrieval, browsing and recommendation tools 
  Extended reality (AR/VR/MR) and virtual environments 
  Real-time and interactive multimedia applications 
  Multimedia analytics applications 
  Egocentric, wearable and personal multimedia 
  Urban and satellite multimedia 
  Mobile multimedia applications 
  Question answering, multimodal conversational AI and hybrid intelligence 
  Multimedia authoring and personalization 
  Cultural, educational and social multimedia applications 
  Multimedia for e-health and medical applications 
    
 Ethical, Legal and Societal Aspects of Multimedia  
 Fairness, accountability, transparency and ethics in multimedia modeling 
  Environmental footprint of multimedia modeling 
  Large multimedia models and LLMs 
  Multimodal pretraining and representation learning 
  Reproducibility, interpretability,explainability and robustness 
  Embodied multimodal applications and tasks 
  Responsible multimedia modeling and learning 
  Legal and ethical aspects of multimodal generative AI 
  Multimedia research valorisation 
  Digital transformation 

 Important Dates  
 All deadlines refer to 23:59 of the day in the Anywhere on Inhabited Earth (AOE).  
  Further details about calls are available at Calls  .  
 10 January 2025   
 Registration  
 Late Registration Deadline  

 7 January 2025   
 Conference Event  
 Video Browser Showdown (Preparation: Authorized Personnel Only)  

 8 January 2025   
 Conference Event  
 Video Browser Showdown  

 8-10 January 2025   
 Conference Event  
 Main Conference  

  27 March 2024   
 Submission  
 Special Session Proposal  

 5 April 2024   
 Notification  
 Special Session Acceptance  

 22 July 2024   
  19 August 2024 (Extended)   
 Submission  
 Regular and Special Session Paper  

 19 August 2024   
  2 September 2024   
  12 September 2024 (Extended)   
 Submission  
 Demo Paper  

 6 September 2024   
  27 September, 2024 (Extended)   
 Submission  
 Video Browser Showdown  

 24 September 2024   
  9 October 2024 (Extended)   
 Notification  
 Regular Paper, Special Session Paper Acceptance  

 24 September 2024   
  16 October 2024 (Extended)   
 Notification  
 Demo Paper, Video Browser Showdown Acceptance  

 23 October 2024   
 Submission  
 Camera Ready Submission  

 8 November 2024   
 Registration  
 Registration Site Open  

 15 November 2024   
 Registration  
 Early-bird Registration Deadline  

 Sponsors  

 Subsidies  
   Supported by International Exchange Program of National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT)  

 Supporters  

 © 2024 MMM2025.   

  