Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
 Multimedia Signal Processing  
    
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Home 
  Calls | Call for papers 
  Call for special sessions 
  Call for industry demos 
  Call for grand challenges 
  For Authors | Instruction for Submission 
  Presentation Guidelines 
  Program | Technical Programs 
  Special Sessions 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Registration 
  Travel Grant 
  Venue 
  Organizing Committee 

 NEW! Top accepted papers (~10%) will be invited to fast-track publication at the IEEE Transactions on Multimedia with an expected final decision within 9 weeks.  
 IEEE MMSP 2025 will be held on 2025, in Beijing, China. It is the 27th in the series, organized by the Multimedia Signal Processing Technical Committee of the IEEE Signal Processing Society (SPS), with the aim to bring together researchers and practitioners from academia and industry, passionate about multimedia signal processing, to share their knowledge, exchange ideas, explore future research directions and network.  
 Prospective authors are invited to submit regular and special session papers (4-6 pages, including all references), demo papers (1 page), and grand challenge contributions. Conference content will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore as well as other Abstracting and Indexing (A&I) databases. Papers are solicited in, but not limited to, the following areas:  
 Image/video/audio processing and restoration 
  Multimedia communications, networking, and deep joint source-channel coding 
  Model- and AI-based compression 
  Multimedia coding for machines 
  Sound source localization and separation 
  Multimedia quality assessment 
  Internet of Things (IoT)-based multimedia systems and applications 
  3D imaging, visualization, reconstruction, and animation 
  Multimedia hardware design 
  Multimedia databases and digital libraries 
  Multimedia security and forensics 
  Multimedia interaction 
  Multimedia big data analytics 
  Deep Learning for Multimedia 
  Generative AI for Multimedia 
  Multimedia processing for tele- medicine and healthcare 
  Augmented, mixed, and virtual reality and rendering 
  Metaverse oriented applications 
  Multimedia systems for emerging applications 
  Multimedia safety and security 
  Self-supervised learning for Multimedia 
  Large-scale models for Multimedia 
  Timeline:  
 Paper Submission Deadline: May 19, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance: June 17, 2025 
  Camera-ready Submission: July 14, 2025 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top     
  