    Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Papers | IWSST 2021 – The 1st International Workshop on Smart Society Technologies 
  MUSICAL 2021 FALL – The 4th International Workshop on Mobile Ubiquitous Systems, Infrastructures, Communications and AppLications 
  UMUM 2021 – The 1st Workshop on Ubiquitous and Multi-domain User Modeling 
  InnovTech4Health – Innovative Technologies for the Healthcare Empowerment 
  AMECO – The 1st Workshop on Computation Offloading in Ad-Hoc and Mobile Edge Computing 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program with Abstracts 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  Zoom Guide 
  Practical Info | Visas 
  Venue 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact | Sponsorship 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Papers | IWSST 2021 – The 1st International Workshop on Smart Society Technologies 
  MUSICAL 2021 FALL – The 4th International Workshop on Mobile Ubiquitous Systems, Infrastructures, Communications and AppLications 
  UMUM 2021 – The 1st Workshop on Ubiquitous and Multi-domain User Modeling 
  InnovTech4Health – Innovative Technologies for the Healthcare Empowerment 
  AMECO – The 1st Workshop on Computation Offloading in Ad-Hoc and Mobile Edge Computing 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Registration 
  Program | Full Program with Abstracts 
  Accepted papers 
  Keynotes 
  Zoom Guide 
  Practical Info | Visas 
  Venue 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact | Sponsorship 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 Participate online from wherever you are   
 EAI MobiQuitous 2021 will be held as  a fully-fledged online conference   .  
   In 2020, EAI successfully launched an online conference format  to ensure the  safety  ,  comfort  and  quality of experience for attendees  and a  successful course of the events  , all while retaining  fully live interaction  ,  publication  and  indexing.  Due to the unrelenting global pandemic, this will also be the case in 2021.  
   All matters related to publication  and indexing will remain unchanged  . Learn more about EAI’s online conferences  here   .   
 If you are a registered author, please read carefully: Paper Presentation Instructions  .  

  EAI MobiQuitous is a top-ranked  conference venue for researchers – CORE conference ranking: B    .  
  MobiQuitous authors have enjoyed over 9000+  citations,  with average 8,91 citations per paper  
   and h-index 38  ( Scopus  ).  
 Top performing MobiQuitous paper is currently  
  at 446 citations   and counting!  
    
 See Program   

  Call for papers light w/ Springer   
 Calls for Workshop papers    
   
 Call for papers    
   
 Indexed in   
   
 Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef,  
  Google Scholar, DBLP, and more.   
   
 Publication   
   
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.602)    
   
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications    
   
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series    
   
 Learn more   

 Publishing partner   

 Smart Submit light   
 Call for Workshop Papers  
  Submission open till 1st September!  
   
  IWSST 2021  
  MUSICAL 2021 FALL  
  UMUM  
  InnovTech4Health  
  AMECO    

 COVID-19   
 Participate online and join the conference   

 from wherever you are!  

 Get the same full publication and indexing  , enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition  , present your paper to a global audience  , and experience virtual meetings live  as well as  
  on-demand  from the safety and comfort of your home.  

 Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat  , virtual Q&A  , and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience.  

 Find out what EAI conference live streams look like and discover unique benefits   
  that online participation brings you - learn more    .  

 EAI light   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Watch the full recording of the EAI MobiQuitous 2020 livestream    
  (Keynote: Lin Wang, VU Amsterdam  )  and get involved  in this edition!  

 Paper Submission is now open for the 18th edition of MobiQuitous! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of MobiQuitous here  .    
 MobiQuitous 2021 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  Proceedings   
 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library  .  
 MobiQuitous proceedings are indexed  in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.602) 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications (Open Access) 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series 

  Topics   
 We solicit technical papers describing original, previously unpublished research, not currently under review by another conference or journal, pertaining to the Internet of Things  , mobile  and ubiquitous systems  . Submissions should clearly identify how they relate to issues on mobile and ubiquitous systems. Contributions describing an overall working system and reporting real world deployment experiences are particularly of interest. Topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Mobile User Experience 
  Security and Privacy 
  User Behaviour Analysis and Modelling 
  Crowdsourcing – Platforms and Applications 
  Internet of Things – Systems, Data Analytics, and Applications 
  Urban/mobile Crowd-sensing 
  Participatory Sensing 
  Wireless Access Technologies 
  Performance Analysis, Modelling and Measurement of Mobile Networks 
  Wearable Computing 
  Body Area Networks 
  Mobile Data Analysis and Mobile Platforms 
  Mobile Multimedia 
  Mobile User Interfaces and Interaction Technologies 
  Toolkit and Languages for Mobile Computing 
  Networked Sensing and Applications 
  Mobile Device Architectures 
  Mobile Systems and Applications 
  Mobile Data Management and Analytics 
  Energy Aware Mobile Computing 
  Pervasive Sensing 
  Localization and Tracking 
  Activity Recognition 
  Social Network Applications to Mobile Computing 
  Context and Location-based Applications and Services 
  AI and Machine Learning Algorithms and Application for Mobile Computing 
  Mobile Augmented Reality/Mixed Reality 
  Mobile Cloud Computing 

  About MobiQuitous 2021   
 Despite the considerable research effort in the area of Mobile and Ubiquitous Computing over the nearly two decades, and the maturity of some of its base technologies, many challenges persist. The goal of the eighteenth annual International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2021)  is to provide a forum for presenting and discussing high-quality research in the field, involving international practitioners and researchers from diverse backgrounds. MobiQuitous 2021 will thus foster research collaboration through focused discussions, interaction and exchange of experiences that will designate future research efforts and directions. Areas addressed by the conference include systems, applications, social networks, middleware, networking, sensing, data management, data processing and services, all with special focus on mobile and ubiquitous computing.  

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Late Track Submission deadline   
  16 August 2021  
  Notification deadline   
  16 September 2021  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  17 October 2021  
   
 Important dates  
 Loading important dates.   
   
 Previous MobiQuitous editions  
 2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Houston, United States  
  2018  – New York city, United States  
  2017  – Melbourne, Australia  
  2016  – Hiroshima, Japan  
  2015  – Coimbra, Portugal  
  2014  – London, Great Britain  
  2013  – Tokyo, Japan  
  2012  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2011  – Copenhagen, Denmark  
  2010  – Sydney, Australia  
  2009  – Toronto, Canada  
  2008  – Dublin, Republic of Ireland  
  2007  – Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States  
  2006  – San Jose, California, United States  
  2005  – San Diego, California, United States  
  2004  – Boston, Massachusetts, United States  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
   
  EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2021 MobiQuitous | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
   