 MobileHCI 2025     Home 
  Theme 
  Calls for Participation | Papers 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Demos 
  Late-Breaking Work 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Student Design Competition 
  Panels 
  Industrial Perspectives 
  Accessibility 
  Organisers 

 Call for Papers   
 The ACM International Conference on Mobile Human-Computer Interaction (MobileHCI) Conference Series has shaped research, development, and practice in services used on mobile or within mobile contexts for over two decades. We interpret mobility broadly and welcome contributions to any aspect of mobile HCI technology systems, devices, techniques, applications, experience, methods, tools, theories, models, and new perspectives. The MobileHCI full papers will be published as journal articles in a special issue in the Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction  (PACMHCI).  
 The MobileHCI conference seeks submissions targeted toward this year’s conference theme: “Diving into Mobile AI,” and topics in the following key domains:  
 Systems and Infrastructure: | The design, architecture, deployment, and evaluation of systems and infrastructures that support the development of or interaction with mobile technology. 
  Interaction Devices and Techniques: | The design, construction, usage, and evaluation of devices and techniques that create valuable new interactive capabilities for mobile human-computer interaction. 
  Applications and Experiences: | Descriptions of the design, empirical study of interactive applications, or analysis of usage trends that leverage mobile devices and systems. Application areas include health care, mobility, sustainability, social engagement, and civic engagement. 
  Methods and Tools: | New methods and tools designed for, or applied to, studying or building mobile user interfaces, applications, and mobile users. 
  Theories and Models: | Critical analysis or organizing theory with clearly motivated relevance to the design or study of mobile human-computer interaction; taxonomies of design or devices. 
  New Perspectives: | Well-argued and well-supported visions of the future of mobile computing; non-traditional topics that bear on mobility; underrepresented viewpoints and perspectives that convincingly bring something new to mobile research and practice. 
    
 Important Dates - Full Papers  
  
 *All deadlines are AoE 
 Abstract Submission | January 30, 2025 
 Paper Submission | February 6, 2025 
 Revise and Resubmit Notifications | March 13, 2025 
 Revised Submission | May 8, 2025 
 Final Notifications | May 29, 2025 
 Camera-ready | June 19, 2025 

 Preparing the Submission  
 Novelty  
 The submission must be original work. It cannot have been published elsewhere nor be under concurrent review for publication by another conference or journal. Out-of-scope papers will be desk rejected.  
 Length  
 Typical page length is 4000 and 9000 words (excluding references and appendix), but any page length is allowed as long as the paper contribution is commensurate. If the paper is more than 12,000 words, we may reject it if no justification is provided. References and the appendix do not count toward the paper length. Reviewers will be instructed to weigh the contribution of a submission relative to its length, so papers with a length disproportionate to their contribution will likely be rejected. Shorter, more focused papers are encouraged and will be reviewed appropriately. The abstract has to be a paragraph of 150 words or less.  
 Formatting  
 Papers must be in English  .  
 Authors are required to use the single-column ACM Manuscript template. Submission preparation is described on the ACM Primary Template website  .  
 For LaTex, the correct templates (Overleaf or LaTeX templates) can be found on ACM’s Preparing your article for LaTeX  page, using \documentclass[manuscript, screen, review]{acmart}.  
 For Word, the correct submission template can be found on ACM’s Preparing your article for Word  page, i.e., “submission template.”  
 The TAPS workflow we use is described on ACM’s TAPS workflow page  .  
 All references must be complete, accurate, accessible, and conform to the ACM Publication Format.  
 Anonymity  
 All submissions need to be fully anonymized. This includes any appendices or supplemental material as well as a potential acknowledgments section. Citations to the authors’ own previous work are NOT allowed to be anonymized. This allows reviewers to ensure all previous research has been taken into account. However authors should refer to their own prior work in the third person. For example, "Smith et al. [1] did ... " instead of "We did ... [1]". Papers that violate the anonymization policy, including within the supplemental materials or external links to datasets, code repositories, etc., will be desk rejected.  
 Supplementary Materials  
 All videos and supplementary material must be anonymized. Videos can be of any length and should include closed captions and audio descriptions; see Accessible Presentation Guide  . Other supplementary material may include, for example, survey text, experimental protocols, source code, and data, all of which can help others replicate the work. Authors should submit any non-video supplementary material as a single .zip file, including a README file with a description of the materials. Reviewers should be able to access the contribution of the paper solely based on the main PDF submission. That is, the paper submission must stand independently without the supplementary material.  
 Accessibility  
 Authors are required to follow SIGCHI’s Guide to an Accessible Submission  . If authors have questions or concerns about creating accessible submissions, please contact the Accessibility Chairs via diversity2025@mobilehci.acm.org  early in the writing process (the closer to the deadline, the less time the team will have to respond to individual requests). Papers flagged as inaccessible by a reviewer will be reassigned. Note that while we strive to match the best reviewer to each paper – the best reviewers for the work may not be able to review an inaccessible submission.  
 Guide to an Accessible Submission 
  Accessible PDF Author Guide 
  Accessible Presentation Guide 
  Adding Document Tags 
  PDF Accessibility Checker 
  Use of Generative AI  
 Authors must adhere to the ACM Policy on Authorship  regarding the use of generative AI in submissions. Authors are responsible for all content produced (including plagiarism, misrepresentation, or fabrication) by these tools and must disclose their use.  
 ACM Publications Policy  
 By submitting an article to an ACM Publication, authors acknowledge that they and their co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects.  
 ACM will investigate alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy. They may result in a full retraction of the paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 All authors are required to have an ORCID  .  
 Submitting  
 Submission Platform  
 Submissions are facilitated via the Precision Conference System (PCS)  . Authors may submit and edit their materials until the submission deadline. Should authors encounter any difficulties, technical problems, or questions about this process, please contact the Workshops Chairs via papers2025@mobilehci.acm.org  .  
 In PCS, first click "Submissions" at the top of the page. From the "Society" dropdown menu, select "SIGCHI." Then, from the "Conference/journal" dropdown menu, select "MobileHCI 2025." Finally, from the "Track" dropdown menu, select the "MobileHCI 2025 workshops" option. After selecting all three dropdown options, press “Go.” In the table below, authors will see a new entry for MobileHCI with an “Edit submission” option; press this and enter all the required details.  
 Metadata Integrity  
 Changes in author names  are not allowed  after the submission deadline; there are no exceptions  . Changes to the order of authors are allowed only before the camera-ready deadline. The metadata is crucial to the integrity of the review process and author representation  . If any of the authors needs to be added or removed after the submission deadline, authors would need to withdraw their submissions/papers.  Minor changes to the title and abstract are permitted during the revision period.  
 Selection Process  
 We use a refereed process  , i.e., an editorial board and a set of external reviewers will review the submitted papers. The editorial board members will make decisions for any submitted papers as either accepted, minor revisions, major revisions, or rejected. These notifications will be sent to the corresponding authors. If the initial decision is "minor revisions" or "major revision," the paper authors will have time for the revision cycle to address the required changes. After resubmission, the final decision on the revised papers will be sent to the authors. Please note that for "major revision" submissions, the external reviewers may check all the required changes. Reviewing will be conducted in a double-anonymous fashion, i.e., reviewers and authors are anonymous to each other.  
 Upon Acceptance  
 Publication  
 The paper publication is archival, i.e., accepted papers will be published in the ACM Digital Library as part of the Proceedings of ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (PACMHCI). ACM will send authors a copyright form which they have to complete. Once completed, authors will be provided with the ACM copyright information which authors of accepted papers are required to sign and put on their papers. Authors are required to submit their camera-ready version through the submission system and process it according to the publication instructions  .  
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library  . This date may be up to two weeks before the first day of the conference.  
 Presentation Format  
 Upon acceptance, we will invite authors to present their papers at the conference.  
 Conference Registration  
 For each accepted paper, at least one author must register for the MobileHCI 2025 conference by the early bird registration deadline.  
 Demo  
 The Demo Chairs might invite authors of accepted papers to participate in the demo session. For this, authors have to submit an additional document describing the technical requirements for the demo.  
 Contact Us  
 Contact:  papers2025@mobilehci.acm.org   

  Matt Jones   
  Computational Foundry United Kingdom  
   
  Sven Mayer   
  LMU Munich, Germany  

 Made by the MobileHCI 2025 Web Chair  .  

  