    

 Home 
  Committee | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Final Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  For Authors | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Camera-ready Submission 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Practical Info | Conference Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Contact us 
  Register!    

 Home 
  Committee | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration 
  Program | Final Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  For Authors | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Camera-ready Submission 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Practical Info | Conference Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Contact us 

 Paper Submission  

   Submit your paper!      

 Important Dates  

 placeholder  

 placeholder  

 placeholder  

 placeholder  

 placeholder  

 placeholder  

 Scope and Topics  

 Despite the considerable research effort in the area of Mobile and Ubiquitous Computing over the nearly two decades, and the maturity of some of its base technologies, many challenges persist. The goal of the twenty-first annual International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2024) is to provide a forum for presenting and discussing high-quality research in the field, involving international practitioners and researchers from diverse backgrounds. MobiQuitous 2024 will thus foster research collaboration through focused discussions, interaction and exchange of experiences that will designate future research efforts and directions. Areas addressed by the conference include systems, applications, social networks, middleware, networking, sensing, data management, data processing and services, all with special focus on mobile and ubiquitous computing.  

      Topics:    
 Mobile User Experience 
  Security and Privacy 
  User Behaviour Analysis and Modelling 
  Crowdsourcing – Platforms and Applications 
  Internet of Things – Systems, Platforms, Data Analytics, and Applications 
  Context-awareness middleware 
  Mobile edge and fog computing 
  Urban/mobile Crowd-sensing 
  Participatory Sensing 
  Wireless Access Technologies 
  Performance Analysis, Modelling and Measurement of Mobile Networks 
  Wearable Computing 
  Body Area Networks 
  Cellular IoT 
  5G and 6G mobility 
  Mobile Data Analysis and Mobile Platforms 
  Mobile Multimedia 
  Mobile User Interfaces and Interaction Technologies 
  Toolkit and Languages for Mobile Computing 
  Networked Sensing and Applications 
  Mobile Device Architectures 
  Mobile Systems and Applications 
  Mobile Data Management and Analytics 
  Energy Aware Mobile Computing 
  Pervasive Sensing 
  Localization and Tracking 
  Activity Recognition 
  Social Network Applications to Mobile Computing 
  Context and Location-based Applications and Services 
  AI and Machine Learning Algorithms and Application for Mobile Computing 
  Mobile Augmented Reality/Mixed Reality 
  Mobile Cloud Computing 
  Digital Twins 
  Edge Intelligence 

 Author’s kit – Instructions and Templates  

 Papers must be formatted using the Springer LNICST Authors’ Kit.  
 Instructions and templates are available from Springer’s LNICST homepage  :  
 LaTeX2e Proceedings Templates (zip) 
  Microsoft Word Proceedings Templates (zip) 
  Please make sure that your paper adheres to the format as specified in the instructions and templates.  
 When uploading the camera-ready copy of your paper, please be sure to upload both:  
 a PDF copy of your paper formatted according to the above templates, and 
  an archive file (e.g. zip, tar.gz) containing the both a PDF copy of your paper | and | LaTeX or Word source material prepared according to the above guidelines. 

 Paper Submission  

 Papers should be submitted through EAI ‘ Confy+  ‘ system, and have to comply with the Springer format (see Author’s kit section  below).  

 How do I submit a paper in Confy?  

 Go to | Confy+ | website 
  Login or sign up as new user 
  Select your desired Track 
  Click the ‘Submit Paper’ link within the track and follow the instructions 
  Alternatively, go to home page of Confy+  and click on “Open conferences”.  

 Submission guidelines  

 Papers should be in English. 
  Paper length:  
  • Regular papers should be up to 12-20 pages in length (excluding references).  
  • Short papers should be 6-11 pages in length (excluding references).  
 Previously published work may not be submitted, nor may the work be concurrently submitted to any other conference or journal. Such papers will be rejected without review. 
  The paper submissions must follow the Springer formatting guidelines (see | Author’s kit section | below). 
  Read the | Publication Ethics and Malpractice Statement | . 

 EAI Copyright and Consent Form  

 EAI Copyright and Consent Form – EXAMPLE 

 Publication  

 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by  Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.   

 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:   
 Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.602) 
   All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:   
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications (Open Access) 
   Additional publication opportunities:   
 EAI/Springer Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering – LNICST | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

 This event is a part of EAI Conference series  

 Become an EAI Member  
 Join for free    
  Cookies Policy    

 © EAI MobiQuitous 2024  

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
      