  
      Navigation   

 Welcome  

 Committees  
   
 Organizing Committee  Program Committee    

 Program  
   
 Program  Keynotes  Accepted papers  Posters and Demos    

 Award  

 Author Information  
   
 Call for Papers  Submission Instructions  Camera-Ready Instructions    

 Registration  

 Local Information  
   
 Venue & Hotel  Visa Information    

 Workshops  
   
 ASI  AIoT  ML4NxtGNet  SCRL    

 Calls  
   
 Call for Papers  Call for Workshop Proposals  Call for Posters and Demos    

 Anti-Harassment Policy  

 Call for Papers  
 ACM MobiHoc is a premier conference with a highly selective single-track technical program dedicated to addressing the challenges emerging from networked systems that must operate in the face of dynamics ranging from changing user demands to connectivity and resource availability. Examples of such dynamic networks include wired/wireless communication, datacenters, Internet-of-Things and sensors, mobile autonomous systems, energy, social, and transportation networks. We encourage work that presents new performance evaluation methods, novel algorithms, or provides fundamental insights for these systems.  
 We are interested both in innovative works in an unexplored and/or emerging topic in the broad area of networks, and in novel findings and/or new insights that build on existing works. The specific areas of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Internet-of-Things (IoT), 5G, and next-generation wireless systems 
  Blockchain, social networks, societal networks, and emerging networked systems 
  Cloud computing, edge computing, and distributed computing over networks 
  Software Defined Networking, Network Function Virtualization, and virtual Radio Access Networks 
  Information-centric networking, network caching, and coded caching 
  Trust, security, and privacy in networks and networked systems 
  Coded computation and inference in networks 
  Incentive mechanism and interaction analysis of networked systems, network economics 
  Big-data analytics, machine learning for networks and networked systems, and network support to machine learning 
  Modeling, analysis, optimization, and control in computer and mobile networks 
  Networked and mobile unmanned/autonomous systems 
  Experimental studies on mobile networks and networked systems 
  Networked sensing and communication with new medium, e.g., light/acoustic/mmWave 
  Low power sensor protocols and energy-harvesting systems 
  Wearables and mobile health 
  Authors can keep their names on their submitted paper, i.e., submissions are not required to be double blind  . Authors can also prepare technical reports that are made available on their own websites and on purely archiving organizations such as arXiv.org. However, all submissions must comply with the dual submission policy   . Each paper has a chance to submit a one-page rebuttal for the reviews  . All submitted papers will be considered for a Best Paper Award. A selected set of papers will be chosen for fast-tracked publication in IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking. Papers are expected to be direct and specific about their results, contributions, and context.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
  Important Dates    

 April 14, 2024 | Abstract Registration Deadline (11:59pm EDT) 
 April 14, 2024 | Paper Submission Deadline (11:59pm EDT) 
 June 24, 2024 | Rebuttal Start 
 June 30, 2024 | Rebuttal Deadline 
 July 28, 2024 | Notification of Acceptance 
 Oct 14, 2024 - Oct 17, 2024 | Conference 

 © Copyright 2024 Xingyu Zhou, Creative Commons License  

  Back to Top    