Skip to main content      
 23rd International Conference  
  on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia   
 December 1st — 4th   
  Stockholm, Sweden   

 Home    
 Submissions  Full and Short Papers 
  Posters 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Consortium 
    
 Attending  Registration 
  Program 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  Venue 
  Travel 
  Accommodation 
  Sustainability 
  Accessibility 
  Student Volunteers 
    
 Sponsors    
 Committee    

 Full and Short Papers  
 MUM 2024, the 23rd International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia  
 Stockholm, Sweden, December 1-4, 2024  
 MUM 2024, the 23rd International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia, will be held in Stockholm, Sweden, December1st –4th. MUM is an interdisciplinary forum for advances in research of mobile and ubiquitous multimedia systems applications, and services. At MUM, academics and practitioners discuss challenges and achievements in this field from diverse perspectives, such as interaction techniques, user research, system development, software solutions, and devices. This edition of MUM aims to continue the tradition of innovation and excellence in research established by previous MUM conferences.  
 Submission Guidelines and List of Topics  
 We welcome submissions of high-quality papers that offer original and unpublished contributions relevant to mobile and ubiquitous multimedia. Paper topics include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Paper topics include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Prototypes and systems tackling relevant technical challenges 
  Novel applications for mobile and ubiquitous gaming, learning, entertainment, social networking, and advertising 
  Augmented, mixed, and virtual reality systems and applications 
  Case studies, field trials, or user experience evaluations of new applications and services 
  Context-aware and location-based mobile and ubiquitous services 
  Metrics and measures for evaluating and testing mobile and ubiquitous systems 
  Privacy and security-related challenges to multimedia systems 
  Social implications of mobile and ubiquitous multimedia systems 
  Interaction and collaboration with human-centered AI systems 
  Tools and development environments for building mobile, wearable, and ubiquitous multimedia systems 
  User interfaces, interaction design, and interaction techniques for mobile and ubiquitous systems 
  Interaction design for automotive and other modes of transportation 
  Fabrication and device prototyping 
  Papers should be grounded in existing literature and knowledge, and should be written for an interdisciplinary audience. Papers must be submitted via EasyChair  by August 29th, 2024, AoE  at the latest. Accepted papers will appear in the Proceedings of the International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia, which will be available in the ACM Digital Library, where they will remain accessible to thousands of researchers and practitioners worldwide. The correct template for submissions is the ACM Primary Article Template in single-column format (in PDF format). Submissions should be prepared using either the single-column Word Submission Template or the single-column LaTeX template  (using the “manuscript, review, anonymous” style available in the template). Submissions can be of variable length. Paper length must be based on the weight of the contribution, with 16 pages (excluding references) in single-column format being valued as long papers in past editions and 7 pages (excluding references) in single-column format being valued as short papers in past editions.  
 Successful submissions of around 16 pages typically represent significant empirical, theoretical, or methodological advances in the field. 
  Successful submissions of around 7 pages offer more focused contributions; they are not intended to be work-in-progress reports. Instead, they should offer complete, rigorously developed work with a solid contribution to the field. Short papers have a smaller scope or more focused contribution than long papers. 
  Please note that the maximum length for full papers is 16 pages, and the maximum length for short papers is 7 pages. 
  Submissions should not have been previously published or be concurrently under submission. Papers must be anonymized. Submitted papers will undergo a rigorous double-blind review process managed by the Program Chairs. Each submitted paper will be reviewed by at least three reviewers, chosen from the pool of members of the Program Committee listed below. This pool of reviewers features experts from the previous edition and new researchers to address new emerging research areas and underrepresented communities. Papers will be assigned through a bidding process. Authors are encouraged to submit an optional video of a maximum of 6 minutes to support their submission. To ensure all reviewers can view videos, authors should use the H.264 encoding and the MP4 file format. The bit rate of videos can be lowered to accommodate the upload limits of EasyChair (max. 50 MB per file).  
 Link to Submission System: EasyChair   
 Reviewing Process  
 There will be a single round of reviews with three potential outcomes: desk-rejects  (papers that are significantly out of scope, not written in English, etc.), rejection, and conditional acceptance  . No rebuttal phase is planned. Authors of conditionally accepted papers will find in the reviews a list of revisions and requested changes they need to satisfy to have their paper be officially accepted into the program. Accepted papers will follow the ACM TAPS workflow instructions  , and at least one author from each accepted paper must register to the conference.  
  
 Submission deadline | August 29th, 2024 (AoE) 
 Decision Notification | October 9th, 2024 
 Camera ready deadline | October 29th, 2024 
 Conference dates | December 1st - December 4th, 2024 
  
 Guidelines for preparing presentations  
 We would like to provide you with presenter information to assist you in preparing your talk and ensuring its accessibility.  
 Information on making your presentation accessible can be found | here | . 
  Please ensure that your slides include warnings for any stroboscopic effects or videos. 
  Should your presentation address sensitive themes, please notify the Full Paper Chairs or the Technical Program Chair. Consider how you might discuss these issues respectfully, bearing in mind that audience members may have personal experiences with the topics in question. 
   
 Technical Program Chairs  
 All questions about submissions should be emailed to: papers2024@mum-conf.org   Jasmin Niess  
  University of Oslo   
   
  Thomas Kosch  
  HU Berlin   

 Program Committee  
 Thomas Kosch   
  HU Berlin   
 Andrii Matviienko   
  KTH Royal Institute of Technology   
 Sophia Sakel   
  LMU Munich   
 Linda Hirsch   
  UCSC Santa Cruz   
 Jasmin Niess   
  University of Oslo   
 Francesco Chiossi   
  LMU Munich   
 Sarah Clinch   
  The University of Manchester   
 Khaled Kassem   
  TU Wien Institut für Visual Computing & Human-Centered Technology   
 Luke Haliburton   
  LMU Munich   
 Jesse Grootjen   
  LMU   
 Julia Dominiak   
  Lodz University of Technology   
 Thomas Mildner   
  University of Bremen   
 Matthias Hoppe   
  Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich   
 Konstantin Aal   
  University of Siegen   
 Mohammad Khalad Hasan   
  University of British Columbia - Okanagan   
 Fiona Draxler   
  University of Mannheim   
 Michael Rohs   
  Leibniz University Hannover   
 Siiri Paananen   
  University of Lapland   
 Jan Leusmann   
  LMU Munich   
 Aku Visuri   
  Center for Ubiquitous Computing, University of Oulu   
 Karsten Sohr   
  Center for Computing Technologies, Universität Bremen   
 Uwe Gruenefeld   
  University of Duisburg-Essen   
 Martin Kocur   
  University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria Hagenberg   
 Stefano Burigat   
  University of Udine   
 Evropi Stefanidi   
  TU Wien, Austria   
 Sven Mayer   
  LMU Munich   
 Philipp Wintersberger   
  Visual Computing and Human-Centered Technology   
 Lucas Siqueira Rodrigues   
  HU Berlin   
 David Steeven Villa Salazar   
  LMU Munich   
 Diogo Cabral   
  ITI/LARSyS, IST, University of Lisbon   
 Felix Epp   
  Aalto Univerity   
 Tonja Machulla   
  TU Chemnitz   
 Jas Brooks   
  University of Chicago   
 Ava Scott   
  UCL   
 Nadine Wagener   
  University of Bremen   
 Miroslav Bachinski   
  University of Bergen   
 Christopher Katins   
  HU Berlin   
 Ashley Colley   
  University of Lapland   
 Morten Fjeld   
  Chalmers University of Technology   
 Magdalena Wróbel-Lachowska   
  Lodz University of Technology   
 Massimo Zancanaro   
  University of Trento   
 Florian Michahelles   
  TU Wien   
 Carolin Stellmacher   
  University of Bremen   
 Joseph O'Hagan   
  University of Glasgow   
 Fabio Paternò   
  CNR-ISTI   
 Marcos Serrano   
  IRIT-University of toulouse   
 Vita Santa Barletta   
  University of Bari   
 Tsvi Kuflik   
  The University of Haifa   
 Karola Marky   
  Ruhr-University Bochum   
 Morten Fjeld    
 Magdalena Wróbel-Lachowska    

 Important dates  
  
 Aug 29 | Short and full papers  Submission Deadline 
 Oct 4 | Workshops and Tutorials  Submission Deadline 
 Oct 7 | Student Volunteers  Application Deadline 
 Oct 9 | Short and full papers  Decision Notification 
 Oct 9 | Workshop and Tutorials  Decision Notification 
 Oct 14 | Student Volunteers  Decision Notification 
 Oct 15 | Demos   
  Submission Deadline 
 Oct 15 | Doctoral Consortium  Submission Deadline 
 Oct 17 | Posters   
  Submission Deadline 
 Oct 17 | Doctoral Consortium  Decision Notification 
 Oct 21 | Demos   
  Decision Notification 
 Oct 29 | Short and full papers  Camera Ready 
 Nov 2 | Posters   
  Decision Notification 
 Nov 9 | Demos and Posters   
  Camera Ready 

 Previous editions  
 MUM 2023 | Vienna, Austria 
  MUM 2022 | Lisbon, Portugal 
  MUM 2021 | Leuven, Belgium 
  MUM 2020 | Essen, Germany 
  MUM 2019 | Pisa, Italy 
  MUM 2018 | Cairo, Egypt 
  MUM 2017 | Stuttgart, Germany 
  MUM 2016 | Rovaniemi, Finland 
  MUM 2015 | Linz, Austria 
  MUM 2014 | Melbourne, Australia 
  MUM 2013 | Luleå, Sweden 
  MUM 2012 | Ulm, Germany 
  MUM 2011 | Beijing, China 
  MUM 2010 | Limassol, Cyprus 
  MUM 2009 | Cambridge, UK 
  MUM 2008 | Umeå, Sweden 
  MUM 2007 | Oulu, Finland 
  MUM 2006 | Stanford, USA 
  MUM 2005 | Christchurch, New Zealand 
  MUM 2004 | College Park, USA 
  MUM 2003 | Norrköping, Sweden 
    See more   

 MUM 2024: The 23rd International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia  
  Facebook  ·  Twitter   

  