Skip to main content    
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   11th IEEE International Conference on Network Softwarization   
 23–27 June 2025 // Budapest, Hungary   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Authors | Call for Technical Session Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Program 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  Call for Technical Session Papers  
   
 The .pdf version of this CFP can be downloaded here   .  
 Call for Papers  
 IEEE NetSoft 2025  
  “Sustainable and secure networks for distributed AI and compute”  
  11th IEEE International Conference on Network Softwarization  
 23-27 June 2025 – Budapest, Hungary  
  
 IEEE NetSoft, the premier International Conference on Network Softwarization, addresses advanced research challenges and opportunities raised by the overall transformation trend of network  
  “softwarization,” which has been revolutionizing the networking field and has accelerated its convergence with adjacent industries.  
  
 Network Softwarization refers to the transition from legacy network infrastructures and functionalities traditionally provided via hardware appliances to new ones provided via software. This technology has become feasible with the maturity of network function virtualization, software-defined networking, and service function chaining in the last 16 years. In particular, the ability to program, manage, and operate network and service infrastructures more freely makes it possible to reinvent network & cloud architectures, customize services, accelerate service deployment, and facilitate greater operational efficiency. This is even more relevant nowadays, as network infrastructures and service deployment technologies are challenged by the growing interest in distributed Artificial Intelligence (AI) and computing solutions. The need for further advances in these topics is reflected in the overall theme of NetSoft 2025: Sustainable and secure networks for distributed AI and compute  .  
 NetSoft 2025 will feature technical paper presentations, keynotes, panels, tutorials, workshops, demos, posters and PhD symposiums from world-leading experts representing service providers, vendors, research institutes, open-source projects, and academia.  
 TOPICS OF INTEREST  
 The conference is soliciting paper submissions with significant research contributions to network softwarization. The topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Network softwarization for …   
 5G/6G 
  network slicing and slice management 
  Internet of Things (IoT) 
  QoS and QoE 
  Service Function Chaining (SFC) 
  cognitive and autonomic networking 
  policy-based and Intent-based networking 
  eXtended Reality (AR/VR/ER and digital twins) 
  Future Internet and New IP architectures 
  new value chains and service models 
  dynamic resource discovery and negotiation schemes 
  cooperative multi-domain, multi-tenant SDN/NFV environments 
  deterministic or dependable networking 
  high-precision communications and computing 
  Internet re-engineering 
  or   
 Security, Safety, Trust, and Privacy 
  Programmable SDN and NFV: languages and architectures (P4 and others) 
  Open source 
  Softwarized cloud, fog, and edge infrastructures 
  Resilience, reliability, and robustness 
  Assurance and Measurements 
  Abstractions and virtualization of resources, services, and functions 
  Sustainability, energy efficiency, and carbon emissions 
  Programmable Networking Protocols 
  Deployment and transition strategies 
  Experience reports from experimental testbeds and deployments 
  Hardware acceleration 
  … in softwarized network   
 or   
 Artificial intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) techniques 
  Applications of Generative AI 
  Socio-economic impact and regulations 
  Development methodologies (DevOps, NetOps, Verification) 
  … for softwarized network   
  
 PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Prospective authors are invited to submit high-quality original technical papers for presentation at the conference and publication in the NetSoft 2025 Proceedings. All submissions must be written in English and must use the standard IEEE two-column conference template that can be downloaded from:  
 https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html.  
 Technical Papers can be of two types: Full or Short papers, up to 9 and 5 pages respectively, including references and all other material.  If accepted, a paper will be published in the category (long/short) of its submission. Long papers are the more traditional form for presenting technical work. Long papers should emphasize not only novelty and vision, but execution and thoroughness of the contribution (design, evaluation). Short papers are the preferred vehicle for visionary papers or traditional technical papers whose description fits within a smaller number of pages. Short papers may not yet be ‘fully baked’ in terms of execution and evaluation. In both Full and Short papers, author names and affiliations should be included after the title, as provided in the templates.  
 Papers submitted should describe original, previously unpublished research results, not currently under review by another conference or journal. Papers not meeting the length and formatting requirements, or violating IEEE’s guidelines on plagiarized content will be rejected without review. All other papers will be reviewed. Selected papers for NetSoft 2025 may be conditionally accepted and subjected to shepherding before final acceptance. Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process, and all manuscripts must be electronically submitted through EDAS.  
 Submission link:   
 Submit a Paper   
 Important: NetSoft 2025 is enforcing a strict publication & no-show policy as stated by IEEE. By submitting a contribution, you agree with the terms of the publication and no-show policy.  
  
 IMPORTANT DATES  
 Paper submission deadline: January 7, 2025 
  Acceptance notification: March 20, 2025 
  Camera-ready paper: April 28, 2025 
  TPC CO-CHAIRS  
 Carol Fung, Concordia University, Canada 
  Massimo Tornatore, Politecnico di Milano, Italy 
  Robert Szabo, Ericsson, Hungary 
  GENERAL CO-CHAIRS  
 Pal Varga, Budapest University of Technology and Economics, Hungary 
  Walter Cerroni, University of Bologna, Italy 

 Call for Technical Session Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 

 Patrons  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies 

  