 IFIP Networking 2017   

 Home 
  Program 
  Proceedings 
  Registration 
  Workshops 
  Important Dates 
  Committees 
  Submissions 
  Presentation Guidelines 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Travel Grants and Awards 
  Travel Arrangements 
  Venue and Social Program 
  Login 
    
 Tweets by @Networking_2017     

  Call for Papers (pdf)   
  
 The IFIP Networking 2017 Conference (NETWORKING 2017), to be held at KTH in Stockholm, Sweden, is the 16th event of the series, sponsored by the IFIP Technical Committee on Communication Systems (TC6) and technically co-sponsored by IEEE Computer Society. Accepted papers will be published in the IFIP Digital Library as open access and submitted to IEEE Xplore Digital Library.  
  
 Topic Areas of IFIP Networking 2017   
 The main objective of Networking 2017 is to bring together members of the networking community, from both academia and industry, to discuss recent advances in the broad and quickly-evolving fields of computer and communication networks, to highlight key issues, identify trends, and develop a vision for future Internet technology, operation, and use.  
  
 The technical sessions will be structured around (but not limited to) the following areas:  
  
 Network Architectures, Applications and Services  
 Software-defined networks (SDN), data center, information/content-centric networking, content distribution, peer-to-peer networks (P2P), network virtualization, web architectures and protocols, overlay networks, in-cloud networking, evolution of Internet Protocol (IP) network architectures and protocols, green networking, resilient networks, network management, traffic engineering, network neutrality, network-on-chip, cyber-physical systems, emerging value-added services and applications.  
  
 Network Modeling and Analysis  
 Topology characterization, performance measurements, traffic monitoring and analysis, user behavior modeling, quality of service, quality of experience, resource management and scheduling, data-driven design, user profiling and tracking, dependability and resilience, complex and dynamic networks, analysis of participatory networks, socio-economic aspects of networked ecosystems, pricing and billing, incentives.  
  
 Network Security and Privacy  
 Network security protocols, trust and privacy, anomaly and malware detection, denial-of-service (DoS) detection and mitigation, network forensics, authentication, applications of privacy-preserving computation in networks, anonymization.  
  
 Wireless Networking  
 Ad-hoc and mesh networks, mobile networks, self-organizing networks, sensor networks, cyber-physical systems, Internet of Things (IoT), delay/disruption tolerant networks, opportunistic networks, disaster-recovery networks, device-to-device communication.  
  
 Submission Guidelines   
 The technical program committee welcomes paper submissions on all topics related to computer and communication networks. All submitted papers will be judged based on their quality and relevance through single-blind peer review. Only original papers that have not been published or submitted for review elsewhere will be considered.  
 Submitted papers should be written in the English language, with a maximum length limit of 9 printed pages, including all the figures, references, and appendices. Papers longer than 9 pages will not be reviewed. All papers must be submitted in the Portable Document Format (PDF) electronically using EDAS. When submitting the paper, the title, all co-authors, and a concise abstract of up to 200 words should be provided to EDAS as the metadata of the paper. The metadata should be provided before the abstract registration deadline.  
 An author of an accepted paper is required to register for the conference at the full (member or non-member) rate and the paper must be presented by an author of that paper at the conference unless the TPC co-chairs grant permission for a substitute presenter before the conference. Non-refundable registration fees must be paid prior to uploading the final correctly formatted, publication-ready version of the paper. Accepted and presented papers will be published in the IFIP Digital Library and submitted to IEEE Xplore Digital Library.  
 To ensure appropriate consideration of conflicts of interest during the review process, changes to the list of authors are prohibited once a paper has been submitted for review. Should a paper be accepted, the complete list of authors, including the ordering of authors, must remain identical as the EDAS metadata in the final camera-ready manuscript.  
  
 Important Deadlines   
 Abstract registration:  January 7, 2017   January 21, 2017 (Extended deadline)    
 Full Paper submission:  January 14, 2017   January 21, 2017 (Extended deadline)    
 Notification:  April 7, 2017   
 Camera-ready:  April 27, 2017  
 IFIP Networking Main Conference:  June 13-15, 2017  

  Back to Top   
 © 2017 IFIP Networking 2017  

  