About    
 Call for Papers    
 Important Dates    
 Author Guide    
 Venue    
 Committees    
 Contact    

 About  Call for Papers  Important Dates  Author Guide  Venue  Committees  Contact    
   
 menu    
     
 add     

 Call for Papers  
 Research and industry tracks  
   
 NLDB 2025 invites authors to submit papers for oral presentations on unpublished research that addresses theoretical aspects, algorithms, applications, architectures for applied and integrated NLP, resources for applied NLP, and other aspects of NLP, as well as survey and discussion papers. This year's edition of NLDB continues with the Industry Track, to foster fruitful interaction between the industry and the research community.  

 Important Dates   
 AoE time zone   

 Now | Call for papers | 1 Oct 2024 
 Pending | Submission deadline | 28 Feb 2025 
 Pending | Authors notification | 18 Apr 2025 
 Pending | Camera ready | 9 May 2025 
  
 All deadlines are 11:59PM UTC-12:00 AoE   

 Paper Types & Lengths   
 LNCS in PDF format   
   
 Full   
 paper   
 15   
 pages max   
   
 Short   
 paper   
 11   
 pages max   
   
 Demo   
 paper   
 6   
 pages max   

 Info & Downloads   
  Author Guide   

 Topics of Interest  
 Include but are not limited to  
   
 Large Language Models   
 Training, applications, transfer learning, interpretability of large language models.   
   
 Multimodal Models   
 Integration of text with other modalities like images, video, and audio; multimodal representation learning; applications of multimodal models.   
   
 AI Safety and ethics   
 Safe and ethical use of Generative AI and NLP; avoiding and mitigating biases in NLP models and systems; explainability and transparency in AI.   
   
 Natural Language Interfaces and Interaction   
 Diesign and implementation of Natural Language Interfaces, user studies with human participants on Conversational User Interfaces, chatbots and LLM-based chatbots and their interaction with users.   
   
 Social Media and Web Analytics   
 Opinion mining/sentiment analysis, irony/sarcasm detection; detection of fake reviews and deceptive language; detection of harmful information: fake news and hate speech; sexism and misogyny; detection of mental health disorders; identification of stereotypes and social biases; robust NLP methods for sparse, ill-formed texts; recommendation systems.   
   
 Deep Learning and eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI)   
 Deep learning architectures, word embeddings, transparency, interpretability, fairness, debiasing, ethics.   
   
 Argumentation Mining and Applications   
 Automatic detection of argumentation components and relationships; creation of resource (e.g. annotated corpora, treebanks and parsers); Integration of NLP techniques with formal, abstract argumentation structures; Argumentation Mining from legal texts and scientific articles.   
   
 Question Answering (QA)   
 Natural language interfaces to databases, QA using web data, multi-lingual QA, non-factoid QA(how/why/opinion questions, lists), geographical QA, QA corpora and training sets, QA over linked data (QALD).   
   
 Corpus Analysis   
 Multi-lingual, multi-cultural and multi-modal corpora; machine translation, text analysis, text classification and clustering; language identification; plagiarism detection; information extraction: named entity, extraction of events, terms and semantic relationships.   
   
 Semantic Web, Open Linked Data, and Ontologies   
 Ontology learning and alignment, ontology population, ontology evaluation, querying ontologies and linked data, semantic tagging and classification, ontology-driven NLP, ontology-driven systems integration.   
   
 Natural Language in Conceptual Modelling   
 Analysis of natural language descriptions, NLP in requirement engineering, terminological ontologies, consistency checking, metadata creation and harvesting.   
   
 Natural Language and Ubiquitous Computing   
 Pervasive computing, embedded, robotic and mobile applications; conversational agents; NLP techniques for Internet of Things (IoT); NLP techniques for ambient intelligence   
   
 Big Data and Business Intelligence   
 Identity detection, semantic data cleaning, summarisation, reporting, and data to text.   

 Conference Tracks  
 Main  
 The main track solicits novel and significant research contributions addressing theoretical aspects, algorithms, applications, architectures, resources, and other aspects of NLP, as well as survey and discussion papers. We welcome work describing original and replicable research showing evidence of significant contribution to the NLP community.  
 Industry  
 The industry track covers all aspects of innovative commercial or industrial-strength NLP technologies in order to showcase the state of adoption. It welcomes contributions about case studies of success stories, discussion reports of obstacles that stand in the way of adoption of NLP technologies, and experience reports in applying recent research advances to relevant industry problems. We encourage results and ideas from companies small and large.  

 Publication  
 The conference proceedings will be publisehd in Lecture Notes in Computer Science  (LNCS, Springer).  
 Journal Publication  
 Best papers will be invited to publish in the special issue of Data & Knowledge Engineering  (DKE, Elsevier).  

 Copyright © 2024 - 2025, the NLDB organizers. The images are generated by Dall-E 3.  
  This website has been designed using resources from Flaticon.com. See credit page  for links to materials used.   
  