     
 Registration 
  Program | Program 
  Keynote speakers 
  Demos 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Organizers | Organizing committee 
  Volunteering 
  Practical information | General information 
  About Uppsala 
  Accomodation 
  Venue 
  Accessibility 
  Travel 
  FAQ 
  Sponsorship 
  Submit | Papers 
  Critiques 
  Panels 
  Case studies 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Demos 
  Doctoral consortium 
  Late-breaking work 
  Preparing your camera-ready submission 
  Submission guidelines 
   
 Select Page     

 Papers  

 Research Paper   
 We invite papers in all areas of Human-Computer Interaction, and welcome the submission of papers that advances theory, methodology, technology or practice of relevance to Human-Computer Interaction research. Submitted work must be original and not accepted for publication or published elsewhere.   
 We welcome both longer papers that require more space to present their contribution, and short papers that present significant advances concisely. Since pictorials is not a separate submission category for NordiCHI 2024, submissions that rely extensively on visual communication are also welcome.   
 The theme of the NordiCHI 2024 conference is  live   . We live in a world which is increasingly divided, and the theme inspires us to think about how distances as well as diversities can be bridged. The theme inspires us to think about the changing and diverse living conditions for us as researchers, for IT users, and diverse communities around the globe, and it encourages us to explore complex issues related to sustainability and the living conditions for not just humans but entire ecologies. We encourage authors to submit research papers that broadly contribute to the theme of  live   within HCI research, but  we welcome a broad range of topics in the general HCI scope, including research contributions that have as their primary aim to instill reflection, provoke discussion, and build bridges across schools of thinking.   
  
 Submission Instructions and Schedule   
 Submissions should use the ACM master article template in single-column format, Templates and instructions for submission are found   here   .    
 Abstracts and meta-data: April 19th 2024 
  Papers deadline: April 26th 2024 
  Author notification: July 1st 2024 
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted work: August 15th 2024 
  Selection process   
 Research papers are subject to a double-blind peer review process. Submissions in the research paper category must be appropriately anonymized to conceal the authors’ identities and institutions, see submission instructions for details.   
 Submitted contributions will be peer reviewed by 2 external reviewers and the 2AC from the program committee. Note that notifications are final, there is no second review cycle or rebuttal process in place.   
 For readability reasons, the maximum length is restricted to 10000 words not including references. Note that the length of a submission should reflect its contribution, and that shorter submissions are welcome.   
 Accepted submissions to the NordiCHI paper track are considered archival and made available through the ACM digital library.  
 Upon acceptance, you will be invited to present your paper at the conference. Onsite, we can generally provide a projector and screen. Additional technical requirements must be discussed with the chairs. It is also possible to present papers as part of the NordiCHI’24 online program.  Presenters must register for the NordiCHI 2024 conference.   
  
 Chairs   
 Mikael B. Skov  
   Annika Waern  
   Laia Turmo Vidal  
  Eike Schneiders   

 Committee  
    
 Franziska Babel, Linköping University  
  Andrea Bellucci, Charles III University of Madrid  
  Sandy Claes, LUCA School of Arts  
  Torkil Clemmensen, Copenhagen Business School  
  Ashley Colley, University of Lapland  
  Michael Crabb, University of Dundee  
  Yngve Dahl, Norwegian University of Science and Technology  
  Monica Divitini, Norwegian University of Science and Technology  
  Lina Eklund, Uppsala University  
  Christopher Frauenberger, University of Salzburg  
  Jens Gerken, TU Dortmund University  
  Mareike Glöss, Malmö University  
  Erik Grönvall, IT University of Copenhagen  
  Jan Gulliksen, Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm  
  Netta Iivari, University of Oulu  
  Anna Sigríður, Reykjavik University  
  Rikke Hagensby Jensen, Aalborg University  
  Bridget Kane, Karlstad University  
  Gopinaath Kannabiran, Pratt Institute  
  Armağan Karahanoğlu, University of Twente  
  Thomas Kosch, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin  
  Airi Lampinen, Stockholm University  
  Andrés Lucero, Aalto University  
  Markus Löchtefeld, Aalborg University  
  Célia Martinie, Institut de Recherche en Informatique de Toulouse  
  Elisa Mekler, IT University of Copenhagen  
  Timothy Merritt, Aalborg University  
  Sofia Oubhi, Uppsala University  
  Eleftherios Papachristos, Norwegian University of Science and Technology  
  Hannah Pelikan, Linköping University  
  Dominic Potts, University of Bath  
  Janet Read, University of Central Lancashire  
  Harald Reiterer, Universität Konstanz  
  Virpi Roto, Aalto University  
  Joanna Saad-Sulonen, LUT University, Finland  
  Helga Sadowski, Uppsala University  
  Pedro Sanches, Umeå University  
  Valentin Schwind, Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences  
  Stefania Serafin, Aalborg University  
  Veronica Sundstedt, Blekinge Institute of Technology  
  Jonathan Sutton, University of Copenhagen  
  Niels van Berkel, Aalborg University  
  Robby van Delden, University of Twente  
  Jan Van den Bergh, Hasselt University  
  Anke van Oosterhout, Eindhoven University of Technology  
  Nervo Verdezoto, Cardiff University  
  Beatrice Vincenzi, Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm  
  Torben Wallbaum, Flensburg University of Applied Sciences  
  Gemma Webster, University of Dundee  
  Pawel W. Wo ź  niak, Chalmers University of Technology  

 Sponsors  

 Organizers  

 Contact  
 Conference Secretariat  
 For practical questions please contact Academic Conferences.  
 Phone: +46 18 671003  
  Email: nordichi2024@akademikonferens.se     

 Important dates  
 April 19, 2024   
  Submission deadline for Full paper abstract and Workshop and Tutorial proposals submission   
 April 26, 2024   
  Submission deadline for Full papers, Case studies, Critiques, Panel  
    
 May 17, 2024  
   Author notification for Workshops and Tutorials  
 June 1, 2024   
  Deadline for Demos, Doctoral Consortium and Late-Breaking Work submissions   

 July 1, 2024   
  Author notification for Full papers, Case studies, Critiques, Demos, Doctoral Consortium, Panels and Late-breaking work  
    
 August 15, 2024   
  Camera-ready deadline for all accepted work    
 September 6, 2024   
  Extended deadline for early bird registration   

 Powered by Invajo   

   We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.  Ok      
   
  