The 8th International Workshop on Network and Operating Systems Support for Digital Audio and Video (NOSSDAV 98)   
 8-10 July, 1998  
  Hosted By:  
  The Systems Research Group   Computer Laboratory   University of Cambridge   and  

 Microsoft Research Limited   Cambridge   
  A technical programme  is now available, along with reservation information.  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS    
 Objectives  
 The 8th International Workshop on Network and Operating Systems Support for Digital Audio and Video (NOSSDAV 98) is the international workshop concerned with state of the art technology in networking and operating system support for multimedia systems. For seven years NOSSDAV has proven to be an outstanding forum for researchers involved in building innovative multimedia systems, networks and applications in both industry and academia.  
 A key aspect of the workshop is that it provides extensive discussion periods during which attendees can informally discuss their current work and future research directions. Traditionally, NOSSDAV has emphasized high quality experimental research based on prototype or real systems. NOSSDAV98 will continue this tradition.  
 Submissions  
 Submissions are sought in any area related to Network and Operating Systems Support for Digital Audio and Video. Two types of submissions are solicited: short papers and full papers. These will be reviewed in entirely different ways and have different deadlines   
 Full papers will be subject to a normal review process and are restricted to fifteen pages. Accepted papers will be presented at the Workshop and will appear in the published proceedings.  
 Short papers, of no more than three pages will be reviewed by the program committee only. These can be in the form of a position paper or simply report work in progress. Papers will be chosen on the basis of their potential to provoke discussion. Half of the workshop presentations will be allocated to short papers. Submissions, should be sent by electronic mail to nossdav98@cl.cam.ac.uk  . Please include  
 The paper in PostScript or Word for Windows form 
  The title of the paper, the list of authors with complete contact information in the form of email address and phone number, and, in the case of full papers, an abstract summarizing the paper in | PLAIN TEXT | . 
  The paper abstracts will be circulated among the NOSSDAV program committee members to solicit reveiwers.  
 Please note that the proceedings of the workshop will be published as a book and the best papers will be forwarded to selected journals for publication.  
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline for Full Papers: 1 March 1998 Acceptance Notification for Full Papers: 30 April 1998 Final Full Papers Due: 30 May 1998 Short Papers Due: 30 March 1998 Acceptance Notification for Short Papers: 30 April 1998 Workshop: 8-10 July 1998  Program Chairs  
 Ian Leslie  University of Cambridge  Computer Laboratory  Cambridge CB2 3QG  UK  Ian.Leslie@cl.cam.ac.uk    
 Derek McAuley  Microsoft Research Limited  Cambridge  UK dmcauley@microsoft.com   Other Correspondance:  
 nossdav98@cl.cam.ac.uk   Review Committee  
 Simon Crosby, Cambridge University, UK 
  Charles Kalmanek, AT&T Research 
  Jim Kurose, University of Masachusetts 
  Ian Leslie, Cambridge University, UK 
  Tom Little, Boston University 
  Derek McAuley, University of Glasgow, UK 
  Duane Northcutt, Sun Microsystems 
  Guru Parulkar, Washington University St Louis 
  Henning Schulzrinne, Columbia University 
  Dan Swinehart, Xerox PARC 
  Hide Tokuda, Keio University 
  Program Committee  
 Review Committee plus Domenico Ferrari, Universita Cattolica, Italy 
  Kevin Jeffay, University of North Carolina 
  Mike Jones, Microsoft 
  Doug Shepherd, Lancaster University, UK 
  Burkhard Stiller, ETH Zurich, Switzerland 
  LOCATION  
 New Hall College, Cambridge UK   