NOSSDAV'24    Organization 
  Call 
  Program 
  Attending 

 WELCOME TO ACM NOSSDAV 2024   
     
 The 34th edition of the Workshop on Network and Operating System Support for Digital Audio and Video will take place in Bari, Italy in April 2024.  

 Organization  
  Program Chairs  
 Amr Rizk (University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany) [amr.rizk AT uni-due.de] 
  Maria Torres Vega (Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium) [maria.torresvega AT kuleuven.be] 
  Program Committee  
 Abdelhak Bentaleb, Concordia University, Canada 
  Arvind Narayanan, AT&T Labs - Research United States of America 
  Baochun Li, University of Toronto, Canada 
  Bo Han George Mason University United States of America 
  Carsten Griwodz, University of Oslo, Norway 
  Cheng-Hsin Hsu, National Tsing Hua University, Taiwan 
  Christian Timmerer, Alpen-Adria-Universität Klagenfurt, Austria 
  Débora Muchaluat-Saade, Universidade Federal Fluminense, Brazil 
  Di Wu, Sun Yat-sen University, China 
  Gregor Schiele, University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany 
  Guanyu Gao, Nanjing University of Science and Technology, China 
  Haihan Duan, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen China 
  Huaming Wu, Tianjin University, China 
  Irene Viola, CWI, The Netherlands 
  Jeroen van der Hooft, Ghent University, Belgium 
  Jesus Gutierrez, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain 
  Mallesham Dasari, Carnegie Mellon University, United States of America 
  Markus Fiedler, Blekinge Institute of Technology (BTH), Sweden 
  Mathis Engelbart, TU Munich, Germany 
  Matti Siekkinen, Aalto University, Finland 
  Mea Wang, University of Calgary, Canada 
  Mengbai Xiao, Shandong University, China 
  Michael Zink, UMass Amherst, US 
  Michael Seufert, University of Augsburg, Germany 
  Mohamed Hefeeda, Simon Fraser University, Canada 
  Nils Aschenbruck, Universität Osnabrück, Germany 
  Ralf Steinmetz, TU Darmstadt, Germany 
  Ravi Prakash, University of Texas at Dallas, United States of America 
  Roberto Azevedo, Disney Research, Switzerland 
  Silvia Rossi, CWI, The Netherlands 
  Songqing Chen, George Mason University, United States of America 
  Stefano Petrangeli, Adobe, United States of America 
  Takuya Fujihashi, Osaka University, Japan 
  Tim Wauters, Ghent University, Belgium 
  Tobias Hossfeld, UWUE Wuerzburg, Germany 
  Wei Cai, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen China 
  Wei Tsang Ooi, National University of Singapore, Singapore 
  Wojciech Mazurczyk, Warsaw University of Technology, Poland 
  Xinggong Zhang, Peking University, China 
  Yao Liu, Rutgers University, United States of America 
  Yi Zhao, Tsinghua University, China 
  Yong Liu, New York University, United States of America 
  Zhisheng Yan, George Mason University, United States of America 

 Call  
  NOSSDAV is a workshop with a long-standing tradition focusing on both emerging and established multimedia systems research topics especially high-risk/high-return ideas. The single-track format brings together academic and industry researchers and practitioners to engage in fruitful and constructive discussions. NOSSDAV encourages papers identifying fundamental open problems in multimedia systems research, advocate new radical ideas or offer counterarguments or critique on the existing state of the art; NOSSDAV prefers exciting-even-if-incomplete papers or reports on promising ideas that may be supported by well-reasoned arguments.  
 NOSSDAV takes a broad perspective on all areas of multimedia systems. Authors are especially encouraged to submit papers with real-world experimental results and datasets. This includes new ideas relating to (but not limited to):  
 Virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR) and immersive systems 
  Deep learning approaches to improve multimedia delivery and processing 
  Cloud architectures for multimedia coding and processing 
  Wireless, mobile, IoT and embedded systems for multimedia applications 
  Medical, surveillance and autonomous driving multimedia systems 
  Network-distributed media processing 
  Networked GPUs/TPUs, graphics and virtual environments 
  Audio/Image/Video Analytics Systems 
  System Support for Multimedia Interaction with humans 
  Internet-Scale Multimedia Systems 

 Submission Process  
  Prospective authors are invited to submit an electronic version of full papers, in PDF format, up to six (6) printed pages plus one (1) page solely for references in length (double column ACM style format  ) at the workshop Web site. Authors must prepare their papers in a way that preserves the anonymity of the authors (double blind).  Please do NOT include the author names under the title. The workshop proceedings will be published by ACM Digital Library.  
 Register by: January 26, 2024 (AoE) 
  Upload by: February 2nd, 2024 (AoE) 
  Notifications on: March 8, 2024 
  Camera ready on: March 15, 2024 
  Online Submission  
 https://nossdav2024.hotcrp.com/ 

 Program  
  Keynote (all MMSys workshops)  (09:00 - 10:00)  
 Title: Quality Management and Sustainability in Video Streaming 
  Speaker: Prof. Luigi Atzori (University of Cagliari) 
  Abstract: The constant increase in the amount of video traffic generated by major streaming platforms and video calling sessions, combined with users' high-quality expectations, places strong demands on proposing procedures for managing resources in the network and on the server side. These procedures should take into account both the quality perceived by the user and the environmental impact. This talk will touch on these two topics, starting by illustrating recent studies regarding the development of models focused on defining personalized quality prediction solutions to consider the individual and personal differences of users. The use of user facial and speech-related features for estimating the QoE (Quality of Experience) of multimedia services is presented, with a particular focus on WebRTC-based video conferencing. The resulting prediction systems can be used to find an appropriate trade-off between quality of experience and sustainability. As a result, it is important to study the impact of different service settings (e.g., video resolution, different luminance types, and different end devices) on both the QoE and the power consumption of video streaming services. 
  Coffee Break  (10:00 - 10:30)  
 Opening  (10:30 - 10:40) by NOSSDAV'24 Chairs  
 Paper Session 1: Multimedia Networking  (10:40 - 12:20)  
 On the benefits and caveats of exploiting Quality on Demand Network APIs for video streaming | T. Tran, D. Gageot, C. Neumann, G. Bichot, A. Tlili, K. Boutiba, A. Ksentini 
  JitBright: towards Low-Latency Mobile Cloud Rendering through Jitter Buffer Optimization | Y. Zhao, Q. Wu, G. Lv, F. YANG, J. Zhang, F. Peng, Y. Liu, Z. Li, Y. Chen, H. Guo, G. Xie 
  MATURE: Multistage Throughput Prediction for Adaptive Video Streaming in Cellular Networks | K. Nolan, D. Raca, G. Provan, A. Zahran 
  VCApather: A Network as a Service Solution for Video Conference Applications | D. He, C. Lin, X. Yu, C. Westphal, Z. Ming, L. Cui, X. Zhou, J. Garcia-Luna-Aceves 
  Rethinking Explicit Congestion Notification: A Multilevel Congestion Feedback Perspective | I. Ali, S. Hong, P. Park, T. Kim 
  Lunch  (12:20 - 13:40)  
 Paper Session 2: Multimedia Applications  (13:40 - 15:20)  
 Enabling adaptive and reliable video delivery over hybrid unicast/broadcast networks | C. Haems, J. van der Hooft, H. Mareen, P. Steenkiste, G. Van Wallendael, T. Wauters, F. De Turck 
  Identifying Video Resolution from Encrypted QUIC Streams in Segment-combined Transmission Scenarios | Y. Zhao, H. Wu, L. Chen, S. Liu, G. Cheng, X. Hu 
  Towards Full-scene Volumetric Video Streaming via Spatially Layered Representation and NeRF Generation | J. Shi, M. Zhang, L. Shen, J. Liu, Y. Zhang, L. Pu, J. Xu 
  You Only Look Once in Panorama: Object Detection for 360° Videos with MLaaS | L. Shen, M. Zhang, C. Zhang, J. Liu 
  VAAC-IM: Viewing Area Adaptive Control in Immersive Media Transmission | H. Xiao, C. Xu, C. Fang, S. Yang, L. Zhong 
  Closing  (15:20) by NOSSDAV'24 Chairs  

 Attending  
  NOSSDAV'24 will be co-located with MMSys'24. Venue information will be posted later.  

  Registration is to be completed on MMSys'24 Web site  for both the authors and attendees.  

  