  

 IFIP Networking 2024   

   Home 
  Program 
  Calls | Camera Ready Instructions 
  Travel Grants 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Demos/Posters 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  Workshops | IOCRCI 
  SLICES 
  SmartWater 
  TENSOR 
  TX4Nets 
  XR&6GNet 
  Hackathon 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Venue 

 Call for Papers  
    
 The International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) Networking 2024 Conference (IFIP NETWORKING 2024) will be held in Aristotle University, in the beautiful city of Thessaloniki, Greece, June 3-6, 2024. This is the 23rd event of the series, sponsored by the IFIP Technical Committee on Communication Systems (TC6). High quality papers will be recommended for fast-track publications in selected journals.  
 The main objective of IFIP NETWORKING 2024 is to bring together members of the networking community, from both academia and industry, to discuss recent advances in the broad and quickly-evolving fields of computer and communication networks, to highlight key issues, identify trends, and develop a vision for future Internet technology, operation, and use.  
   
  The technical sessions will be structured around, but are not limited to, the following areas (in alphabetical order):  
 5G/6G networks and beyond 
  Anomaly and malware detection 
  Applications of privacy-preserving computation in networks 
  Blockchain, ledger technologies, and their network-related applications 
  Complex and dynamic networks 
  Data center networking 
  Data-driven network design 
  Delay/disruption tolerant networks 
  Device-to-device communications 
  Digital Continuum 
  Drone networking and unmanned technology-based services and applications 
  Emerging value-added services and applications 
  Evolution of IP network architectures and protocols 
  Fog and edge computing 
  Green networking 
  Heterogeneous and integrated networks 
  In-network computing 
  Information Centric Networking 
  Internet of Things (IoT), and crowdsensing/crowdsourcing 
  Localization in indoor environments 
  Long-range communications 
  Machine learning (ML) and networking, artificial intelligence (AI) 
  (Multi-tenant) network slicing 
  mmWave, and THz communications 
  Network architectures, applications, and services 
  Network attack/intrusion detection and mitigation 
  Network automation and management 
  Network economics and Game Theory 
  Network forensics 
  Network function virtualization (NFV) 
  Network modelling, analysis, and measurement 
  Network performance and optimization 
  Network security, authentication, measurement, trust and privacy 
  Network testbeds 
  Network traffic analysis 
  Non-terrestrial networks 
  Opportunistic networks 
  Optical networking 
  Overlay and P2P networks 
  Participatory networks 
  Performance measurements 
  Positioning, Navigation, and Timing 
  Protective and collaborative networking 
  Public Safety Networks 
  Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces 
  Resilient networks 
  Quality of service (QoS), quality of experience (QoE) 
  Quantum networking, quantum communications 
  Resource management 
  Self-organizing networks 
  Social networking 
  Socio-economic aspects of networks, pricing, and billing 
  Software-defined networking (SDN) 
  Traffic engineering 
  Topology characterization 
  Traffic monitoring and analysis 
  Trustworthy and multi-metric routing 
  User behavior modelling, user profiling and tracking 
  Vehicular networks and communications 
  Web technologies 
  Wireless and mobile networks 
  Wireless power transfer networks 
  Wireless sensor networks 
  The Conference Program will include plenary sessions, break-out sessions, keynote talks, a panel, a poster/demo session and a workshop day.  
 Accepted and presented papers will be published in the IFIP Digital Library as well as will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements.  
 Submission Guidelines  
 The technical program committee welcomes paper submissions on all topics related to computer and communication networks. All submitted papers will be judged based on their quality and relevance through double-blind peer review, where the identities of the authors are withheld from the reviewers and the identities of reviewers are withheld from the authors. As an author, you are required to preserve the anonymity of your submission, while at the same time allowing reviewers to fully grasp the context of related past work, including your own. Papers that do not conform to our double-blind submission policies will be rejected without review.  
 Only original papers that have not been published or submitted for review elsewhere will be considered. Submitted papers should be written in English by following the IEEE conference format, with a maximum length limit of 9 printed pages  , including all the figures, references, and appendices. Papers longer than 9 pages will not be reviewed. Each paper can be accompanied by an appendix of at most 2 pages. However, the reviewers are not obliged to read the appendix. The appendix is included in the 9 page limit  .  
 All papers must be submitted in the Portable Document Format (PDF) electronically using EDAS:  
  https://edas.info/N31469    
 When submitting a paper, its title, all co-authors, and a concise abstract of up to 200 words should be provided to EDAS as the metadata of the paper. The program committee may ask some authors to shorten their paper to a short paper of 3 pages to be presented in a poster session, instead of a plenary session.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register for the conference at the full (member or non-member) rate and the paper must be presented by an author of that paper at the conference unless the TPC co-chairs grant permission for a substitute presenter before the conference. Non-refundable registration fees must be paid prior to uploading the final correctly formatted, publication-ready version of the paper.  
 To ensure appropriate consideration of conflicts of interest during the review process, changes to the list of authors are prohibited once a paper has been submitted for review. Should a paper be accepted, the complete list of authors, including the order of authors, must remain identical as the EDAS metadata in the final camera-ready manuscript.  
 Instruction on preparing a paper for double-blind review  
 Remove the names and affiliations of authors from the title page. 
  Remove acknowledgments. 
  Remove project titles or names that could be used to trace back to the authors via web search. 
  Carefully name your files to anonymize author information. 
  Carefully refer to related work, particularly your own. Do not omit references to provide anonymity, as this leaves the reviewer incapable of grasping the context. Instead, reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work by another author. For example, instead of "In prior work [1], we presented a scheme that...," sentences in the spirit of "In prior work, Clark et al. [1] presented a scheme that..." should be used. With this method, the full citation of the referred paper can still be given, such as "[1] A. Clark ...., "Analysis of...", and it is not acceptable to say "[1] Reference deleted for double-blind review." 
  The submitted manuscript (PDF file) should be text-searchable. Any submission that does not meet this requirement may be returned without review. 
  Many of the editing tools automatically add metadata to the generated PDF file containing information that may violate the double-blind policy. Please remove any possible metadata that can link your manuscript to you. This includes removing names, affiliation, license numbers etc. from the metadata as well as from the paper. Failing to meet this requirement may also lead to a rejection without review. 
  Best Paper Award  
 The IFIP TC6 will sponsor one Best Paper Award (€ 500) which will be conferred to the authors based on the quality of the paper and its presentation. The award is given out at the closing ceremony of the conference.  
 IFIP Student Travel Grants  
 The International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) will provide support for graduate students to attend the IFIP NETWORKING 2024 conference. Two grants will be awarded, each one up to a maximum of € 750.  
 NSF Student Travel Grants  
 The National Science Foundation (NSF) will provide support for US-based graduate students to attend the IFIP NETWORKING 2024 conference. Three grants will be awarded, each one up to a maximum of $2500.  

 © 2024 IFIP Networking. All Rights Reserved.    

   Home 
  Program 
  Calls | Camera Ready Instructions 
  Travel Grants 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Demos/Posters 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  Workshops | IOCRCI 
  SLICES 
  SmartWater 
  TENSOR 
  TX4Nets 
  XR&6GNet 
  Hackathon 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Venue 

  