  usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

   Attend 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Requirements for Authors 
  Sponsors 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
    Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

 OSDI '25 Call for Papers  

 Sponsored by USENIX  in cooperation with ACM SIGOPS   
 The 19th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '25)  will be co-located with the 2025 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC '25)  and take place on July 7–9, 2025, in Boston, MA, USA.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract registrations due: | Tuesday, December 3, 2024, 5:59 pm EST (10:59 pm UTC) 
  Complete paper submissions due: | Tuesday, December 10, 2024, 5:59 pm EST (10:59 pm UTC) 
  Author Response Period | Reviews available: | Thursday, March 6, 2025 
  Author responses due: | Monday, March 10, 2025 
  Notification to authors: | Tuesday, March 25, 2025 
  Final papers due: | Thursday, June 5, 2025 
  Download Call for Papers PDF    
 Overview  
 The 19th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation seeks to present innovative, exciting research in computer systems. OSDI brings together professionals from academic and industrial backgrounds in a premier forum for discussing the design, implementation, and implications of systems software. OSDI emphasizes innovative research and quantified or insightful experiences in systems design and implementation.  
 OSDI takes a broad view of the systems area and solicits contributions from many fields of systems practice including operating systems, file and storage systems, distributed systems, cloud computing, mobile systems, secure and reliable systems, systems aspects of big data, embedded systems, virtualization, networking as it relates to operating systems, and management and troubleshooting of complex systems. We also welcome work that explores the interface to related areas such as computer architecture, networking, programming languages, analytics, and databases. We encourage contributions with highly original ideas, new approaches, and groundbreaking results.  
 Submitting a Paper  
 Submissions will be judged on novelty, significance, interest, clarity, relevance, and correctness. Accepted papers will be shepherded through an editorial review process by a member of the program committee.  
 A good paper will:  
 Motivate a significant problem 
  Propose an interesting and compelling solution 
  Demonstrate the practicality and benefits of the solution 
  Draw appropriate conclusions 
  Clearly describe the paper's contributions 
  Clearly articulate the advances beyond previous work 
  Submission Scope and Relevance:  The OSDI steering committee, in maintaining a three-decade tradition of a single-track program, is committed to deepening discussions on key computer systems topics. Starting from OSDI '25, there will be a deliberate focus on selecting papers that offer significant contributions to computer systems research and align with community interests.  Reviewers will evaluate submissions based on the topic relevance to computer systems and their potential to impact future research and practices in computer systems. Additionally, submissions must demonstrate relevance and offer unique insights to capture the interest of a substantial portion of OSDI attendees. By adhering to these criteria, OSDI aims to continue its legacy by focusing on innovative research that addresses pressing needs in the computer systems field.  
 Accepted papers will generally be available online to registered attendees before the conference. If your accepted paper should not be published prior to the event, please notify production@usenix.org  . The papers will be available online to everyone beginning on the first day of the symposium.  
 Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered. All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication on the OSDI '25 website; rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.  
 Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously published work, or plagiarism constitutes dishonesty or fraud. USENIX, like other scientific and technical conferences and journals, prohibits these practices and may, on the recommendation of a program chair, take action against authors who have committed them. See the USENIX Conference Submissions Policy  for details.  
 Submitting a paper that had been previously submitted to and not accepted by another conference is permitted as long as the authors have substantially addressed the previous reviewers' comments. If the prior conference's rejection notification has been received less than thirteen months before the OSDI '25 submission deadline, then the authors are requested to provide information regarding the previous submission and a summary of the subsequent revisions to the paper. This information should be uploaded via the submission form, and will not be shared with the OSDI '25 reviewers.  
 Prior or concurrent workshop publication does not preclude publishing a related paper in OSDI. The online submission form will require authors to submit a copy of the related workshop paper and a short explanation of the new material in the conference paper beyond that published in the workshop version. The co-chairs may then share that paper with the workshop's organizers and discuss it with them.  
 Prior or concurrent publication in non-peer-reviewed contexts, like arXiv.org  , technical reports, talks, and social media posts, is permitted. However, your OSDI submission must use an anonymized name for your project or system that differs from any used in such contexts.  
 USENIX discourages program co-chairs from submitting papers to the conferences they organize, although they are allowed to do so. Should either program co-chair submit work to OSDI '25, their papers will be handled exclusively by the other program co-chair and reviewed according to the same rigorous and double-blinded procedures that the program committee applies to all papers. In the event that a paper is co-authored by, or otherwise conflicted with both co-chairs, the co-chairs will designate a PC member to manage the reviewing process for that paper.  
 Questions? Contact your program co-chairs, osdi25chairs@usenix.org  , or the USENIX office, submissionspolicy@usenix.org  .  
 By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present it. If the conference registration fee will pose a hardship for the presenter of the accepted paper, please contact conference@usenix.org  . For very special support circumstances (such as travel restrictions or health issues), USENIX may provide the possibility of remote presentation and Q&A.  
 If your paper is accepted and you need an invitation letter to apply for a visa to attend the conference, please contact conference@usenix.org  as soon as possible. Visa applications are reportedly taking more than two months to process. Please identify yourself as a presenter or an author, and include your mailing address in your email request.  
 Deadline and Submission Instructions  
 Authors must register abstracts and submit full papers by the dates indicated above. These are hard deadlines, and no extensions will be given. Submitted papers must be no longer than 12 single-spaced 8.5" x 11" pages, including figures and tables, plus as many pages as needed for references, using 10-point type on 12-point (single-spaced) leading, two-column format, Times Roman or a similar font, within a text block 7" wide x 9" deep. Accepted papers will be allowed 14 pages in the proceedings, plus references. Papers not meeting these criteria will be rejected without review, and no deadline extensions will be granted for reformatting. Pages should be numbered, and figures and tables should be legible in black and white, without requiring magnification. Papers so short as to be considered "extended abstracts" will not receive full consideration.  
 Supplementary Material  
 Authors may upload supplementary material in files separate from their submissions. PC members are not required to read supplementary material when reviewing the paper, so each paper should stand alone without it. Authors may use this for content that may be of interest to some readers but is peripheral to the main technical contributions of the paper. Examples of materials that may be included are: formal proofs that are only sketched in the paper; snippets of code that detail an algorithm presented in the paper; and methodological details that are not essential for the PC’s assessment but are important for reproducibility. Importantly, because the PC members are NOT required to read the supplementary material, the submission must stand alone without it. Attaching supplementary material is optional; if your paper says that you have formal proofs or source code, you need not attach them to convince the PC of their existence.  
 Identity Blinding  
 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors must make a good-faith effort to anonymize their submissions, and they should not identify themselves or their institutions either explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments). Submissions violating the detailed formatting and anonymization rules will be rejected without review. If you are uncertain about how to anonymize your submission, contact the program co-chairs, osdi25chairs@usenix.org  , well in advance of the submission deadline.  
 Abstract Registration  
 Registering abstracts a week before paper submission is an essential part of the paper-reviewing process, as PC members use this time to identify which papers they are qualified to review. Abstract registrations that do not provide sufficient information to understand the topic and contribution (e.g., empty abstracts, placeholder abstracts, or trivial abstracts) will be rejected, thereby precluding paper submission.  
 Conflicts  
 When registering your abstract, you must provide information about conflicts with PC members. A PC member is a conflict if and only if one or more of the following circumstances applies:  
 Institution:  You are currently employed at the same institution, have been previously employed at the same institution within the past two years (not counting concluded internships), or are going to begin employment at the same institution during the review period.  
 Advisor:  You have a past or present association as thesis advisor or advisee.  
 Collaboration:  You have a collaboration on a project, publication, grant proposal, program co-chairship, or editorship within the past two years (December 2022 through December 2024).  
 Personal:  You are close family relatives (spouses, domestic partners, parents, or children).  
 You must not identify a PC member as a conflict if none of these circumstances applies. For instance, the following are not sufficient grounds to specify a conflict with a PC member: they have reviewed the work before, they are employed by your competitor, they are your friend, they were your post-doc advisor or advisee, or they had the same advisor as you.  
 The chairs will review paper conflicts to ensure the integrity of the reviewing process, adding or removing conflicts if necessary. The chairs may reject abstracts or papers on the basis of missing or extraneous conflicts. If you have any questions about conflicts, please contact the program co-chairs.  
 Authors are also encouraged to contact the program co-chairs, osdi25chairs@usenix.org  , if needed to relate their OSDI submissions to relevant submissions of their own that are simultaneously under review or awaiting publication at other venues. The program co-chairs will use this information at their discretion to preserve the anonymity of the review process without jeopardizing the outcome of the current OSDI submission.  
 Papers must be in PDF format and must be submitted via the submission system  . For more details on the submission process, and for templates to use with LaTeX, Word, etc., authors should consult the detailed submission requirements  .  
 SUBMIT YOUR WORK    
 Author Response Period  
 OSDI will provide an opportunity for authors to respond to reviews prior to final consideration of the papers at the program committee meeting, during the dates shown above. Authors must limit their responses to (a) correcting factual errors in the reviews or (b) directly addressing questions posed by reviewers. Responses should be limited to clarifying the submitted work. In particular, responses must not include new experiments or data, describe additional work completed since submission, or promise additional work to follow.  
 Submission of a response is optional. The response can be of any length up to 2000 words. A shorter and crisper response is often advantageous, while a response longer than 2000 words is prohibited.  
 Revise and Resubmit  
 OSDI '25 will continue the option to revise and resubmit for some of the rejected papers. If a paper is given this option as indicated in the notification, authors will be provided with a list of issues to address. Authors may then resubmit a revised version with a response to the issues. If accepted, the paper will be presented at OSDI '25.  

 Symposium Organizers  

 Program Co-Chairs   
 Lidong Zhou, Microsoft    

 Yuanyuan Zhou, University of California, San Diego    

 Program Committee   
 Nitin Agrawal, Google    

 Adil Ahmad, Arizona State University    

 Sebastian Angel, University of Pennsylvania    

 Mahesh Balakrishnan, Confluent, Inc.    

 Daniel S. Berger, Microsoft and University of Washington    

 Shai Aviram Bergman, Huawei Research Center Zurich    

 Laurent Bindschaedler, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)    

 James Bornholt, The University of Texas at Austin and Amazon Web Services    

 Thomas Bourgeat, EPFL    

 Marco Canini, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST)    

 Ang Chen, University of Michigan    

 Haibo Chen, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Kang Chen, Tsinghua University    

 Qi Chen, Microsoft Research    

 Rong Chen, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Mosharaf Chowdhury, University of Michigan    

 Byung-Gon Chun, FriendliAI and Seoul National University    

 David Cock, ETH Zurich    

 Natacha Crooks, University of California, Berkeley    

 Heming Cui, The University of Hong Kong    

 Tiziano De Matteis, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam    

 Daniele De Sensi, Sapienza University of Rome    

 Yufei Ding, University of California, San Diego    

 Mingkai Dong, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Haggai Eran, NVIDIA    

 Ittay Eyal, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology    

 Pedro Fonseca, Purdue University    

 Ada Gavrilovska, Georgia Institute of Technology    

 Andreas Haeberlen, University of Pennsylvania and Roblox    

 Gernot Heiser, University of New South Wales    

 Michio Honda, University of Edinburgh    

 Jon Howell, VMware Research    

 Yu Hua, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Ryan Huang, University of Michigan    

 Anand Iyer, Georgia Institute of Technology    

 Zhipeng Jia, Google    

 Sudarsun Kannan, Rutgers University    

 Rüdiger Kapitza, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg    

 Sanidhya Kashyap, EPFL    

 Vasileios Kemerlis, Brown University    

 Anne-Marie Kermarrec, EPFL    

 Samira Khan, University of Virginia and Google    

 Anurag Khandelwal, Yale University    

 Marios Kogias, Imperial College London    

 Dejan Kostic, KTH Royal Institute of Technology    

 Sanjeev Kumar, Uber    

 Fan Lai, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Andrea Lattuada, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)    

 Patrick P. C. Lee, The Chinese University of Hong Kong    

 Philip Levis, Stanford University and Google    

 Amit Levy, Princeton University    

 Cheng Li, University of Science and Technology of China    

 Jialin Li, National University of Singapore    

 Shan Lu, Microsoft Research    

 Youyou Lu, Tsinghua University    

 Xiaosong Ma, MBZUAI    

 Martin Maas, Google DeepMind    

 Ratul Mahajan, University of Washington    

 Changwoo Min, Igalia    

 Kiran-Kumar Muniswamy-Reddy, Amazon Web Services    

 Srinivas Narayana, Rutgers University    

 Ravi Netravali, Princeton University    

 Amy Ousterhout, University of California, San Diego    

 Thomas Pasquier, University of British Columbia    

 Yuvraj Patel, University of Edinburgh    

 Gennady Pekhimenko, University of Toronto and CentML    

 Peter Pietzuch, Imperial College London    

 Clément Pit-Claudel, EPFL    

 Raluca Popa, University of California, Berkeley    

 Andrew Quinn, University of California, Santa Cruz    

 Deepti Raghavan, Brown University    

 Ramachandran Ramjee, Microsoft Research    

 Luis Rodrigues, INESC-ID and Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon    

 Takahiro Shinagawa, The University of Tokyo    

 Anirudh Sivaraman, New York University    

 Muthian Sivathanu, India    

 Robert Soule, Yale University    

 Akshitha Sriraman, Carnegie Mellon University and Google    

 Patrick Stuedi, Meta    

 Michael Stumm, University of Toronto    

 Cheng Tan, Northeastern University    

 Shivaram Venkataraman, University of Wisconsin—Madison    

 Stephanie Wang, University of Washington    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University and Exosteller, Inc.    

 Xingda Wei, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Emmett Witchel, The University of Texas at Austin    

 Yubin Xia, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Tianyin Xu, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Junfeng Yang, Columbia University    

 Eiko Yoneki, University of Cambridge    

 Haifeng Yu, National University of Singapore    

 Minlan Yu, Harvard University    

 Hong Zhang, University of Waterloo    

 Yang Zhou, University of California, Davis, and University of California, Berkeley    

 Steering Committee   
 Marcos K. Aguilera, VMware Research    

 Angela Demke Brown, University of Toronto    

 Casey Henderson-Ross, USENIX Association    

 Jon Howell, VMware Research    

 Kimberly Keeton, Google    

 Jay Lorch, Microsoft Research    

 Shan Lu, University of Chicago    

 Timothy Roscoe, ETH Zurich    

 Geoff Voelker, University of California, San Diego    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University and Exosteller, Inc.    

 Attend 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Requirements for Authors 
  Sponsors 
  About | Symposium Organizers 
  Past Symposia 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Questions 

  LinkedIn    Facebook    Youtube    Twitter    Mastodon     

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024  

  