     
 PACT'02 Announcement 
  The Event 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorial 
  Workshops 
  Final Program | ( PDF  ) 
  Work In Progress Session 
  Abstracts and papers 
  Organizing Committee 
  Supporting organizations 
  Conference Objectives 
  Call For Papers 
  Advertising material 
  Previous PACT Conferences: | PACT'00  , PACT'99   
  PACT'98  , PACT'97 | The Event    
 The 10th International Conference on Parallel Architectures and Compilation Techniques (PACT'01), was held in the Barcelona Hilton Hotel. PACT'01 offered a high quality technical program, including three outstanding keynote speakers (Randall D. Isaac, IBM; Justin Rattner and Joel Emer, both from Intel), 26 cutting-edge research papers, and a special session on Work in Progress. It also included workshops on OpenMP, Binary Translation, Memory Access Decoupled Architectures, Compilers and Operating Systems for Low Power, and Ubiquitous Computing. A tutorial on the IBM Research Jalapeño JVM was also included in the technical program.   
 211 delegates attended PACT'01 and its workshops. Out of this number, 146 registered for the main event and 65 delegates registered for "workshops/tutorials only". I would like to thank all delegates for traveling to lovely Barcelona. I hope that the city was able to transmit the charm of its people, monuments and museums.   
 On behalf of the Organizing Committee of PACT'01, I would like to thank to everybody who collaborated in its making.  The conference received some funding for student travel grants through generous corporate sponsorship. The hosting university (Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya UPC), public institutions and corporations (also provided funds to sponsor the activities of the conference. We gratefully thank them for their generous support.   
 Mateo Valero, PACT'01 General Chair. |  
 Sponsored by  IEEE TCCA, IEEE TCPP, ACM SIGARCH and IFIP Working Group 10.3   

 With generous institutional (CICYT, CIRIT, UPC) and corporate (Compaq Spain, HP Labs, IBM Spain, IBM Research, Intel, Microsoft Research, SGI Spain) support  . | Edited and Designed by Eduard Ayguade |  

 >  