Skip to main content    
     
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   IEEE International Symposium on Personal, Indoor and Mobile Radio Communications   
 1–4 September 2025 // Istanbul, Türkiye   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Authors | Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Program 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  Call for Workshop Proposals  
   
 In addition to the captivating technical symposia, tutorials, industry forums, and exhibitions, IEEE PIMRC 2025 is set to showcase a series of both half and full-day workshops. These workshops will serve as a platform to delve into current issues spanning technical and business aspects of communications and networking.  
 The IEEE PIMRC 2025 workshops are designed to incorporate a diverse range of content, including regular papers, invited presentations, and panels that actively engage attendees in meaningful discussions. We cordially invite the submission of workshop proposals that align with the conference's objective of emphasizing emerging topics not explicitly covered in the main symposia.  
 We look forward to receiving your innovative workshop proposals and contributing to the enrichment of IEEE PIMRC 2025 and the collective knowledge of our community.  
 Workshop Co-chairs  
 Carles Anton (CTTC, Spain) 
  Georges Kaddoum (ETS, Canada) 
  Ali Maatouk (Yale University, USA) 
  Instructions  
 The proposal for a Workshop should follow the template, indicating the following information:  
 Proposer’s Name 
  Proposer’s Institution 
  Proposer’s Email 
  Proposer’s Phone Number 
  Proposer’s CV 
  Workshop Title 
  Motivation and Background 
  Structure 
  Duration 
  Workshop TPC 
  Previous Editions 
  Specific Promotion 
  Please click HERE    to download the template.  
 The proposal should be sent to Workshops Co-Chairs via email:  
 carles.anton@cttc.es   
 Georges.Kaddoum@etsmtl.ca   
 as a *.PDF attachment, 
  as a file named as the Workshop title (abbreviated, if necessary), 
  by the deadline, 16 February 2025 
  with a maximum of 5 pages. 
  Should you have any problem or questions about Workshop proposal submission, please contact Workshop Co-Chairs via email.  
 Structure   
 Workshops may include invited speakers, papers and panels. The proposers may design the workshop as they think best. Proposers are responsible for defining the full contents of the Workshop.  
 Papers   
 Workshop papers should be Full Papers (5 pages) and should be reviewed by the Workshop Technical Programme Committee, via EDAS (the conference TPC Chair will establish the settings for the review process), which will be used also for the submission of papers.  
 All papers should have a minimum of 3 reviews, and it is up to the Workshop Technical Programme Committee Chair to conduct the review process.  
 These papers will be part of the Conference Proceedings and they will be submitted to IEEE Xplore.  
 Announcement   
 Workshop organizers may establish a dedicated website for its announcement, but, in any case, it will be announced at the conference website together with its Call for Papers.  
 Schedule   
 Proposers will be notified of the decision on acceptance of the proposal by 19 th  –Feb-2025.  
 Duration   
 Workshops may extend for either a full- or a half-day (i.e., four or two conference times-slots, each time slot being 1h30).  
 Evaluation   
 The following criteria will be taken into consideration for the evaluation and ranking of proposals:  
 Relevance 
  Timeliness 
  Technical Content 
  Novelty 
  Overall Recommendation. 
  Workshop Co-Chairs will conduct the evaluation.  
 Registration   
 All participants and speakers in the Workshops, regardless of the nature of their presentation, including organizers, must pay the registration fee.  
 Each workshop is offered with 2 complementary registration for full-day workshops, and 1 complimentary registration for half-day workshops.  

 Call for Workshop Proposals 

 Patrons  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies 

  