PKC 2025  

 May 12-15, 2025  
 Røros, Norway  

     Home 
  Technical Program | Call for papers  Paper submission 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 

 This site is designed for browsers with javascript.  
 The dates, name, and location for the conference are in a json file.   
   
  Call for Papers  
 General information  
 PKC 2025 will take place in Røros, Norway on May 12-15, 2025. PKC 2025 is organized by the International Association for Cryptologic Research  (IACR). The proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS series.  
 Original research papers on all aspects of public-key cryptography, covering theory, implementations and applications, and related fields, are solicited for submission to PKC 2025, the The International Conference on Practice and Theory in Public Key Cryptography. In more detail, areas of interest include research on:  
 public key schemes, such as their design and analysis (including side channel attacks), from its math to actual systems 
  the design, proposal, and analysis of cryptographic primitives and protocols 
  public-key techniques in MPC or other protocols 
  Please note that pure information-theoretic and symmetric-key subjects, e.g. block cipher design and attacks, are not in scope. This year, we particularly welcome submissions on the theme of “Real-world public-key cryptography.” These submissions must still meet the acceptance criteria for PKC above.  
 Program committee members are permitted to submit either 3 co-authored papers, or at most 4 co-authored papers all with students.  
  
 How to submit  
 Author instructions for paper submission may be found on the submission page.  
 Submit a paper   
   
 Important dates  
 Oct 16, 2024 (11:59pm AoE)  
 Submission deadline  
   
 Dec 11, 2024  
 First round notification  
   
 Dec 18, 2024  
 Rebuttal deadline  
   
 Feb 5, 2025  
 Final notification  
   
 Feb 26, 2025  
 Final versions due  
   
 May 12, 2025  
 Conference begins  
   
  Further details are available on the paper submission page  .   

 Schedule  
 PKC 2025 will operate a two-round review system with rebuttal phase. In the first round, the program committee selects the submissions which are considered of value for proceeding to the second round, and the authors receive the first round notification with review comments. The authors of the selected submissions are invited to submit a text-based rebuttal letter to the review comments.  
 The submissions that have not been selected during the first round of reviews may be submitted in other conferences after the first round notification date.  
 In the second round the program committee further reviews the selected submissions by taking into account their rebuttal letter. They then make the final decision of acceptance or rejection.  

 Awards  
 The Program Committee may choose a paper to receive an overall best paper award. In a continuing effort to promote independent work by researchers at an early stage in their career, the Program Committee may also award a prize for the best paper authored exclusively by early-career researchers. To be eligible, all co-authors must be studying full/part-time or have received their degree in 2019 or later. As usual, awards will only be given if deserving papers are identified.  
  
 Stipends  
 Students whose papers have been accepted and who present their talks at the conference will have their registration waived. A limited number of stipends are available to those unable to obtain funding to attend the conference. Students, whose papers are accepted and who will present the paper themselves, are encouraged to apply if such assistance is needed. Requests for stipends should be sent to the general chair.  

 Program committee  

 Program co-chairs  
 Tibor Jager  
 University of Wuppertal  
  Germany  
  
 Jiaxin Pan  
 University of Kassel  
  Germany  

   pkc2025programchairs@iacr.org   
   
 General co-chairs  
 Bor de Kock  
 Norwegian University of Science and Technology  
  Trondheim, Norway  
  
 Tjerand Silde  
 Norwegian University of Science and Technology  
  Trondheim, Norway  

   pkc2025@iacr.org   

 PKC 2025  
  Copyright © 2024  by the  IACR  International Association for Cryptologic Research   •   
  Privacy Policy    
  