  
  Tjerand Silde 
  Research 
  People 
  Teaching 
  Talks 
  Media 
  Service 
  Events 
  Lattices 
  Resources 

 Tjerand Silde  
 Associate Professor  
   
 Follow  NTNU, Trondheim, Norway 
  Employee Website 
  Email 
  Twitter 
  Github 
  Google Scholar 
  ORCID 

 Research  
 I believe that all scientific publications should be freely available online, given that researchers and peer-reviewers are largely supported by public funding. Therefore I am committed to make all my papers availabe to the general public. If there is a paper of mine you would like to read but do not have access to, please write me an email and I will be happy to share a copy with you. (Statement replicated from Claudio Orlandi  )  
 Publications  
 More Efficient Post-Quantum Electronic Voting from NTRU  , IACR Communications in Cryptology, Volume 1, 2024.  
  Joint work with Patrick Hough and Caroline Sandsbråten.  
 Two-Round Threshold Lattice-Based Signatures from Threshold Homomorphic Encryption  , PQCrypto 2024.  
  Joint work with Kamil Doruk Gur and Jonathan Katz.  
 BRAKE: Biometric Resilient Authenticated Key Exchange  , IEEE Access, Volume 12, 2024.  
  Joint work with Pia Bauspieß, Matej Poljuha, Alexandre Tullot and Anamaria Costache.  
 Verifiable Mix-Nets and Distributed Decryption for Voting from Lattice-Based Assumptions  , ACM CCS 2023.  
  Joint work with Diego F. Aranha, Carsten Baum and Kristian Gjøsteen.  
 Verifiable Decryption in the Head  , Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy 2022.  
  Joint work with Kristian Gjøsteen, Thomas Haines, Johannes Müller and Peter Rønne.  
 Short paper: Return Codes from Lattice Assumptions  , E-Vote-ID Conference 2022.  
  Joint work with Audhild Høgåsen.  
 Short paper: Verifiable Decryption for BGV  , the Workshop on Advances in Secure Electronic Voting 2022.  
 Anonymous Tokens with Public Metadata and Applications to Private Contact Tracing  , Financial Crypto 2022.  
  Joint work with Martin Strand.  
 Lattice-Based Proof of Shuffle and Applications to Electronic Voting  , Cryptographers’ Track RSA Conference 2021.  
  Joint work with Diego F. Aranha, Carsten Baum, Kristian Gjøsteen and Thor Tunge.  
 Short paper: Where is the Web Still Insecure? Regional Scans for HTTPS Certificates  , NISK 2018.  
  Joint work with Anushua Hossain and Kristina Nelson. ( Presentation  , Code  )  
 Projects  
 I am Co-Principal Investigator of the project “ OffPAD – Optimizing balance between high security and usability  ” funded by the Research Council Norwegian with 16M NOK for research on lightweight and post-quantum secure cryptography. This is a joint project with among others Danilo Gligoroski  at NTNU and the cybersecurity company Pone Biometrics  .  
 I received 765K NOK from the scientific equipment fund at IE Faculty - Research  to build a cryptology lab for theoretical and practical cryptographic research and education. The CRYPTO-LAB  is located at Electro A176  .  
 We received seed funding of 200K NOK from NTNU Community  to the project “Cryptography and social life”, joint work with Katrien De Moor  , Emil André Røyrvik  , and Petter Grytten Almklov  .  
 Theses, Reports and Implementations  
 Privacy-Preserving Cryptography from Zero-Knowledge Proofs  , PhD Thesis, 2022.  
 Library: Anonymous Tokens  , open-source library, 2020.  
  Joint work with Henrik Walker Moe and Martin Strand. ( Docs  , Slides  , Award  )  
 Verifiable Random Secrets and Subliminal-Free Digital Signatures  , Master’s Thesis, 2020.  
 Challenges in E2E Encrypted Group Messaging  , Technical Report, 2020.  
 Comparative Study of ECC Libraries for Embedded Devices  , Technical Report, 2019.  
 Bilinear Pairings of Elliptic Curves  , Bachelor’s Thesis, 2015.  

 Follow: 
  GitHub 
  Feed 
    
 © 2024 Tjerand Silde. Powered by Jekyll  & AcademicPages  , a fork of Minimal Mistakes  .   

  