The ACM SIGPLAN  
  International Conference on Functional Programming  

 ICFP Organizational Structure  
 ICFP  is run in accordance with the ACM SIGPLAN conference guidelines  . "The Functioning of ICFP"  is a document that outlines ICFP's policies.  
 The organizational structure of ICFP  consists of a Steering Committee, and, for each conference, a General Chair and a Program Chair. Additional appointed chairs support the General Chair in organizing the conference.  
  Steering Committee  
 The purpose of the ICFP Steering Committee is to provide continuity between one conference and the next. The Steering Committee follows the ACM SIGPLAN Guidelines for Conference Steering Committees  .  
 The main tasks of the Steering Committee are:  
 To cherish the conference and take whatever actions are necessary to nurture its long-term health and vigour. 
  To act as ICFP's voice with the sponsoring organisation (ACM SIGPLAN). 
  To consult with the SIGPLAN Chair on matters of policy and planning. 
  To appoint a General Chair for the conference each year in consultation with the SIGPLAN chair. 
  To approve the choice of Program Chair for the conference each year. 
  To offer advice to the General Chair and Program Chair. 
  Membership  
 Membership of the Steering Committee is determined by the following rules:  
 The current SIGPLAN Chair and SIGPLAN Vice-Chair will be ex officio members of the Steering Committee. 
  The General and Program Chairs from future and recent conferences will be members of the Steering Committee. When a person accepts the position of chair for ICFP(n), they become a member of the Steering Committee until the ICFP(n+2) meeting. 
  Four members of the Steering Committee will be members at large, serving four-year terms. Each year one member at large will be replaced with a new member selected at the Steering Committee. 
  The Publicity Chair, serving a three-year term will be a member of the Steering Committee. 
  The Industrial Relations Chair will be a member of the Steering Committee. 
  The General Chair from ICFP(n) will be the Steering Committee Chair at the ICFP(n+2) meeting.  
 Current Membership  
 Nikhil Swamy | (Microsoft Research) – Steering Committee Chair 
  Sam Lindley | (University of Edinburgh) – ICFP'23 Program Chair 
  Marco Gaboardi | (Boston University) – ICFP'24 General Chair 
  Brigitte Pientka | (McGill University) – ICFP'24 Program Chair 
  Ilya Sergey | (National University of Singapore) – ICFP'25 General Chair 
  Dominique Devriese | (KU Leuven) – ICFP'25 Program Chair 
  Sam Tobin-Hochstadt | (Indiana University) – ICFP'26 General Chair 
  Sam Westrick | (New York University) – Publicity Chair (serving 9/2024-9/2027) 
  Daniel Winograd-Cort | (Nectry) – Industrial Relations Chair 
  Alejandro Russo | (Chalmers University) – Diversity Co-Chair 
  KC Sivaramakrishnan | (Tarides) – Diversity Co-Chair and Member at Large (serving 9/2023-9/2027) 
  Youyou Cong | (Tokyo Institute of Technology) – Member at Large (serving 9/2022-9/2026) 
  Richard A. Eisenberg | (Jane Street) – Member at Large (serving 9/2022-9/2026) 
  Wouter Swierstra | (Utrecht University) – Member at Large (serving 9/2024-9/2028) 
  Andrew Myers | (Cornell University) – SIGPLAN Chair 
  Anders Møller | (Aarhus University) – SIGPLAN Vice-Chair 
   General Chair and Program Chair  
 The General Chair is appointed by the Steering Committee. They have full responsibility for running the conference in consultation with the SIGPLAN Chair. The General Chair should follow the ACM SIGPLAN Guidelines for the General Chair  .  
 The General Chair appoints the Program Chair, in consultation with the SIGPLAN Chair. The Steering Committee must approve the General Chair's choice. The Program Chair should follow the ACM SIGPLAN Guidelines for the Program Chair  .  
 The Program Chair appoints the Program Committee. Its membership must be approved by the General Chair and the SIGPLAN Chair. The Steering Committee must be given an opportunity to offer suggestions, and comments on a proposed Program Committee, but the decision is taken by the General Chair and Program Chair, not the Steering Committee. The Program Committee should follow the ACM SIGPLAN policies regarding reviews  and any special policies established by the General and Program Chairs.  
   
   Home 
  ICFP 2024 
  Organisation 
  History 
  Affiliated events 
  Programming Contest 
  Related events 

 ACM SIGPLAN   
 Sam Westrick, ICFP Publicity Chair   

  