PPoPP 2025   Sat 1 - Wed 5 March 2025 Las Vegas, Nevada, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: The Westin Las Vegas Hotel & Spa 
  Accommodation Options 
  Visa 
  Tracks | PPoPP 2025 
  Main Conference 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Organization | PPoPP 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Main Conference 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  PPoPP Mailing List 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   PPoPP 2025 
  PPoPP 2024 
  PPoPP 2023 
  PPoPP 2022 
  PPoPP 2021 
  PPoPP 2020 
  PPoPP 2019 
  PPoPP 2018 
  PPoPP 2017 
  PPoPP 2016 
  PPoPP 2015 
  PPoPP 2014 
  PPoPP 2013 
  PPoPP 2012 
  PPoPP 2011 
  PPoPP 2010 
  PPoPP 2009 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  PPoPP 2025  ( series  ) /  Workshops and Tutorials PPoPP 2025   
   
 About 
  Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
  PPoPP 2025 will host a variety of high-quality workshops and tutorials, allowing their participants to learn about popular and new tools and technologies, meet and discuss research questions with their peers, mature new and exciting ideas, build up communities, and start new collaborations. PPoPP workshops and tutorials complement the main tracks of the conference. Workshops provide meetings in a smaller and more specialized setting, and cultivate new ideas and concepts for the future, optionally recorded in formal proceedings.  
   
 Call for Workshops and Tutorials  
  
 PPoPP 2025 will host a variety of high-quality workshops and tutorials, allowing their participants to learn about popular and new tools and technologies, meet and discuss research questions with their peers, mature new and exciting ideas, build up communities, and start new collaborations. PPoPP workshops and tutorials complement the main tracks of the conference. Workshops provide meetings in a smaller and more specialized setting, and cultivate new ideas and concepts for the future, optionally recorded in formal proceedings.  
 We are soliciting proposals for workshops and tutorials within the general scope of PPoPP. We encourage members of the community to submit proposals for workshops/tutorials that bring together researchers and practitioners to share their tools, technologies, and latest results and to discuss work in progress and new directions. Workshops and tutorials will be held prior to the main conference, on March 1 and March 2, 2025. Workshops will be for half or full day, and tutorials may be 1.5h or 3h in length. Please note that attendees of CC-2025, CGO 2025, and HPCA 2025 will also be able to register for these workshops and tutorials.  
 Submissions   
 Please submit proposals to the PPoPP 2025 Workshops and Tutorials Chair, Shangdi Yu ( shangdiy@mit.edu  ). Workshop and tutorial proposals will be evaluated on an ongoing basis. Early submissions are encouraged and will be evaluated immediately. Please note that for workshops that wish to publish accepted submissions in the ACM Digital Library special rules apply. Such workshops also require approval by the SIGPLAN executive committee. The key dates are as follows:  
 Proposal submission deadline: September 16, 2024 (AoE) 
  Final notification of acceptance: September 30, 2024 
  Workshop/tutorial dates: March 1 to March 2, 2025 
  Proposals   
 All proposals must include the following information in a pdf file (2-3 pages):  
 Workshop program | Sample call for papers, including workshop title, scope, format, and the main topics of the workshop 
  Invited or keynote speakers (if any) 
  Panel discussion (if any) 
  Organizers’ bio and affiliation, and a tentative list of PC members 
  For each PC member: affiliation, country of affiliation, professional status/seniority 
  Whether or not accepted submissions will be published in the ACM Digital Library. 
  Tutorial program | The title and abstract of the tutorial 
  An outline of tutorial content and objectives 
  Prerequisite knowledge 
  Special requirements (if any) 
  A biography of the tutorial organizers and relevant experiences on the topic 
  The expected number of participants and duration of the workshop/tutorial, i.e., 1.5 hr or 3 hr 
  Advertisement: how do you plan to solicit participation for your workshop/tutorial (e.g., via social media, workshop/tutorial website, mailing lists, etc.) 
  Information on past workshops/tutorials (number of attendees/submissions) on the same topic held with this or other conferences (if any). 
  All workshop/tutorial proposals will be evaluated by a committee comprising the following members of the PPoPP 2025 organizing committee.  
 Shangdi Yu (Workshops and Tutorials Chair), MIT 
  Bin Ren (Program Co-Chair), William & Mary 
  Rezaul Chowdhury (Program Co-Chair), Stony Brook University 
  Yan Gu (General Chair), University of California, Riverside 
  For workshops that wish to publish accepted papers in the ACM Digital Library, we will handle the approval process with SIGPLAN on behalf of the workshop organizers. Please refer to http://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Guidelines/Workshops/  for SIGPLAN-approved workshops. For more information, please contact the Workshops and Tutorials Chair, Shangdi Yu ( shangdiy@mit.edu  ).  

 Workshop and Tutorial Evaluation Committee    
   
 Rezaul Chowdhury    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
  Yan Gu    
 University of California, Riverside   
 United States 
  Bin Ren    
 William & Mary   
 United States 
  Shangdi Yu    
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 13:42    

  PPoPP 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Main Conference   
  Workshops and Tutorials   
  Artifact Evaluation    

 Attending  
 Venue: The Westin Las Vegas Hotel & Spa   
  Accommodation Options   
  Visa    
 Sign Up    

  