  HOME 
  ORGANIZATION | Organizing Committee 
  PC Members 
  CALLS | Call for Papers 
  Call For Workshops 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call For Posters 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Call for Domestic Volunteers (JP) 
  Call for Student Scholarship Program 
  SUBMISSIONS | Important Dates 
  Submissions 
  ATTENDING | Lunch and Food Venues 
  Local Attractions 
  Accomodations 
  PROGRAM | Workshops 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Program at a glance 
  Technical Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  Panel Sessions 
  Accepted Papers 
  SC Meetings 
  Awards 
  REGISTRATION | Reimbursement 

  Call For Papers   
 The CFP  flyer has been published!   
 EasyChair submission link : easychair.org/conferences/?conf=pricai2024    
  
 Important Dates   
 Paper Submission Deadline: June 26th, 2024 (AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: August 7th, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Submission: August 22nd, 2024  September 4th, 2024 (AoE) 
  Conference: November 18-24th,2024 
   
 Scope and Background   
 The Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (PRICAI) is an annual global event focusing on AI theories, technologies, and their practical applications across scientific, social, and economic domains relevant to the Pacific Rim’s unique social and economic challenges. Previous PRICAI conferences have been held in Gold Coast (2014), Phuket (2016), Nanjing (2018), Fiji (2019), Yokohama (2020), Hanoi (2021), Shanghai (2022), and Jakarta (2023). The 21st Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (PRICAI 2024) will be held at the Clock Tower Centennial Hall of Kyoto University in Kyoto, Japan. The Program Committee invites technical papers on substantial, original, and unpublished research in all areas of Artificial Intelligence. PRICAI 2024 aims to bring together researchers, practitioners, educators, and users in AI and related communities for in-depth intellectual exchanges, research cooperation, and professional development.  
  
 Paper Submission   
 Proceedings of PRICAI 2024 will be published by Springer as a Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) proceedings volume. PRICAI 2024 solicits regular and short papers. Regular papers may be up to 12 pages in length, including references, while short papers may be up to 6 pages, including references. All papers should be submitted electronically using the conference management tool in PDF format and formatted using the Springer LNAI template. Submitted papers must not be published or under consideration to be published elsewhere. PRICAI reviewing follows a double-blind process. Authors are unaware of the identities of the reviewers, and reviewers cannot deduce the names of the authors from the submission. Authors must refrain from including any information that might reveal their identities anywhere in the submission. Failure to adhere to this guideline could result in rejection without review.  
  
 Areas of Interest   
 The conference areas of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 AI foundations 
  AI regulations and ethics 
  Agents 
  Applications of AI 
  Bayesian networks 
  Big data analytics 
  Bio-inspired intelligence 
  Bioinformatics 
  Causality 
  Cognitive computing 
  Cognitive systems 
  Constraint satisfaction 
  Data mining and knowledge discovery 
  Knowledge acquisition and ontology 
  Knowledge management 
  Knowledge representation 
  Machine learning 
  Markov networks 
  Multimedia and arts 
  Multimodal interaction 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Neural Networks and Deep Learning 
  Large Language Models 
  Planning and scheduling 
  Probabilistic inference 

 Reasoning 
  Decision theory 
  Education and tutoring systems 
  Education systems 
  Evolutionary computation 
  Explainable AI 
  Foundational Models 
  Game Theory 
  Games and interactive entertainment 
  Generative AI 
  Heuristics 
  Information retrieval 
  Internet of things 
  Responsible AI 
  Robotics 
  Search 
  Semantic Web 
  Social Choice Theory 
  Social Intelligence 
  Speech and dialogue systems 
  Trustworthy AI 
  Text/Web/Internet mining 
  Uncertainty 
  Vision and perception 

 Program Co-Chairs   
 -Rafik Hadfi(Kyoto University, Japan)  
 -Patricia Anthony(Lincoln University, New Zealand)  
 -Alok Sharma(Riken, Japan)  
  
 Email : This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.   

    