  

 Login    Lost password ?  Create account 

 Home 
  Committees 
  Calls 
  Paper submission 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  Program 
  Keynotes 
  Past years 
  Social Events 

 Paper submission  
 Important dates  
  Deadline for abstract submission (optional): 12 Apr. 2024  Now  .  
   Deadline for full paper submission: 10 May 2024  31 May 2024  .  
   Results notification: 21 Jun. 2024  3 Jul. 2024  .  
   Deadline for camera ready: 5 Jul. 2024  12 Jul. 2024  .  
 Expected contribution type  
 Regular submission ( 12 to 16 pages  ). | Technological development and case application papers including: | a clearly identified problem, 
  a precise description of an innovation/contribution, 
  a presentation of the results of related experiments, 
  a discussion of potential generalization and reuse of the presented results. 
  Foundational Research papers, including: | a clearly stated research question and motivation, 
  a precise description of the chosen research approach/method, 
  a statement of reusable ICT contribution beyond the state of the art, 
  a sound validation and discussion of results. 
  Special session papers ( up to 16 pages  ). | Special Session 1: Collaborative Networks as Driver of Innovation in Organizations 5.0 
  Special Session 2: Fostering Collaborative and Interoperable Digital Models for Digital Twins 
  Special Session 3: Empowering Vulnerable Populations Wellbeing through Collaborative Networks 
  Special Session 4: Trust and trustworthy technologies in collaborative networks 
  Special Session 5: Collaborative Manufacturing Systems in the Digital Era 
  Special Session 6: Zero Defects and Zero Waste strategies in Industrial Collaborative Networks 
  Special Session 7: Collaborative Ecosystems: Skills and Technologies for Resilient Futures 
  Poster & Project Showcase. | Poster, including: | motivation, 
  research question and hypothesis, 
  preliminary results. | This category is specially addressing early stages of research, e.g. early stages of a PhD work, providing an opportunity to collect feedback on the research question and approach. A special discussion session is planned to discuss the posters. Materials of these presentations will be distributed on USB flash drive during the conference. 
  Projects are invited from various disciplines such as Engineering, Managerial and Socio-Human sciences: industrial engineering, computer science, manufacturing, organisation science, logistics, management, and social sciences, among others, to showcase their results and approaches. | Download Call for Project Showcases & Dissemination Forum  . 
  Position papers (by invitation only). 
  Templates  
 The final version of accepted papers needs to follow the LNCS format (check Guidelines) therefore it is advisable to adopt this format from the beginning.  
 MS Word Template   LaTeX Template    
 Abstract submission (optional)  
 The short abstract is between 100 à 150 words, to check that your paper fits the Conference or Special Session focus. The submission of short abstracts are done via EasyChair.  
 Optional Abstract Submission (via EasyChair)   
  deadline: 12 Apr. 2024  Now     
 Paper submission  
 The submission of papers is done via EasyChair. When submitting to a Special Session integrated in the main conference, please indicate the Session during the submission process.  
 Papers shall be submitted in PDF, without any identification of authors (for double-blinded evaluation).  
 Article Submission (via EasyChair)   
  deadline: 10 May 2024  31 May 2024    
 Important:  Submissions to PRO-VE shall be made under the assumption that if the paper is accepted, then at least one author needs to be registered for the paper (one registration per paper) and the paper will be presented at the conference.  
 Evaluation and results notification  
 Evaluation of papers is based on the full text, considering the original scientific and technological contribution. Each paper will be evaluated by three members of the International Program Committee through a double-blinded process. However, prospective authors should submit a short abstract (100 words) to the conference in advance, in order to check if the proposed topic fits within the conference scope.  
 Following Springer requirements, all papers will be checked regarding plagiarism and self-plagiarism with iThenticate tool.  
 Results notification: 21 Jun. 2024  3 Jul. 2024  .  
   
 Camera ready submission  
 Proceedings book is expected to be published by Springer under the IFIP AICT series.  
 Camera ready submission of accepted papers must be accompanied by the signed Copyright Transfer Form.  
 Camera Ready Submission (via EasyChair)   
  deadline: 5 Jul. 2024  12 Jul. 2024    
 List of special sessions  
 Special Session 1: Collaborative Networks as Driver of Innovation in Organizations 5.0  
 CoDEMO EU project is dedicated to developing at the European level, innovation capabilities for 5.0 organizations in multiple activity sectors, namely industry, healthcare and agri-technology. Capabilities for innovation and transformation towards 5.0 organizations are deeply based on the capacity of collaboration among various socio-economic actors, including companies, innovation centres, vocational training providers, universities and others.  
 The concept of 5.0 organization complements 4.0 logics and principles by focussing more on developing a sustainable, human-centric, and resilient (business) environment considered as more appropriate in a non-linear world. The advanced technologies like artificial intelligence (AI) have the potential to strategically improve and optimize global supply chains (SC). With the help of networked technologies and smart digital ecosystems, 5.0 organizations aim to provide more sustainable means of value creation, better (business) results and advancements in SC resiliency.  
 The objective of this special session, is to make the link between the innovation and competence requirements for the transition towards 5.0 organizations and the needs, opportunities and practices of collaborative networks consisting of various types of socio-economic actors.  
 The Special Session will welcome theoretical, empirical as well as pragmatic contributions on topics like: collaborative network modalities to support 5.0 innovation & transition, 5.0 competence needs supported by collaborative innovation activities, collaboration needs/requirements for 5.0 organisations in specific sectors like industry, healthcare or agri-technology, experimentation of collaborative networks supporting 5.0 transition, assessment of collaborative capabilities for 5.0 organizations, 5.0 laboratories for education, learning, professional training or transfer. All other contributions that relate to the main field of 5.0 organization are also very much appreciated.  
 Topics:  
 Collaborative networks for 5.0 transition towards human-centricity, sustainability and resilience of organizations 5.0 
  Collaboration needs, opportunities and practice for innovation of 5.0 organizations 
  Collaboration to support 5.0 skills and competence developments 
  Collaborative strategies and management of 5.0 organizations 
  Innovation 5.0 development in collaborative networks 
  Collaborative innovation in specific sectors like industry, health or agri-food and others 
  Collaborative decision-making processes in industry, health or agri-food supply chains 
  Hybrid human-machine collaboration to optimize industry, healthcare or agri-food processes 
  Collaborative healthcare networks with hospitals, labs, and medical institutions 
  Collaborative networks in education fostering the transition from 4.0 to 5.0 
  CoDEMO Eu Project, Erasmus+ Call 2022: Alliances for Innovation - https://codemo-project.eu   
 Organizers:  
 Prof. Arkadiusz Jurczuk, Bialystok University of Technology 
  Prof. Thomas Süße, Bielefeld University of Applied Science 
  Prof. Adrian Florea, Lucian Blaga University of Sibiu 
  Prof. Fabiana Pirola, University of Bergamo 
    
 Special Session 2: Fostering Collaborative and Interoperable Digital Models for Digital Twins  
 Digitization received significant attention by new European Commission strategies. To improve digitalization’s maturity, it is important to develop technology-driven frameworks such as digital twins (DT). The proposed special session aims at inviting approaches for developing FAIR (Findable Accessible, Interoperable, Reusable) digital models for digital twins with a collaborative capability, which hold immense potential for various industries from manufacturing to healthcare. The development of mature collaborative DTs highly relies on high fidelity digital models that will be included within the virtual entity (VE) dimension of DTs, which includes different types of digital models, such as behavioural geometric, rules, physic, geospatial, and assets. In this session, we are looking for contributions and guidelines on deduction/extraction of digital models facilitating knowledge exchange that enables these models to be interoperable among themselves and integrate different information and elements to offer collaborative capabilities for digital twins. Such interoperable models, endorse collaboration among different DTs at different aggregation levels (i.e., Unit level DT, System level DT, System of Systems level DT).  
 This special session will be endorsed by the Digital Twin Technical Committee of the SAGIP ( https://www.sagip.org/fr  ).  
 Topics:  
 Model-Based System Engineering for collaborative DTs 
  Collaborative digital twin’s architecture 
  Collaborative digital twin’s services 
  FAIR models for Simulation 
  FAIR models for Optimization 
  FAIR models for Decision-making 
  Knowledge Engineering & Management 
  Model Interoperability and collaboration features 
  Organizers:  
 Aurélie CONGÈS, Post-doctoral researcher at the industrial engineering laboratory of IMT Mines Albi 
  Sina NAMAKI ARAGHI, Assistant Professor at the production engineering laboratory of Tarbes University of Technology (UTTOP) 
  Mamadou Kaba TRAORE, Professor at University of Bordeaux, Head of the digital twin technical committee at SAGIP 
    
 Special Session 3: Empowering Vulnerable Populations Wellbeing through Collaborative Networks  
 Vulnerable populations as migrants, refugees, ethnic minorities, persons with disabilities, vulnerable women, low-income homeless, LGBTQ+ communities, etc., are often affected by different types of discrimination that beyond doubt affect their wellbeing. One way of mitigating this problem is to perform a comprehensive exploration of key themes aimed at enhancing the wellbeing of vulnerable populations through the lens of collaborative networks.  
 In this regard, this special session addresses concerns on how the stakeholders' engagement within these networks can be performed, with a focus on understanding how their involvement contributes to the empowerment of vulnerable individuals. At this level, it is also relevant to properly understand and evaluate emerging technologies and strategic approaches dedicated to ensuring confidentiality and trust within collaborative networks, acknowledging their pivotal role in fostering a secure environment for vulnerable populations. Furthermore contributions to this session may include research on mechanisms to facilitate agile access to data and fostering knowledge creation for vulnerable individuals, exploring cutting-edge recommendation systems continuous supervision, and monitoring methodologies, aiming to elevate the outcomes of networks designed to support vulnerable populations. A particular emphasis can be placed on the integration of generative-AI solutions, assessing their efficiency in providing tailored services that address the unique needs and challenges faced by vulnerable individuals.  
 In addition, in this session it is also welcomed research on user-tailored interfaces and adaptable digital solutions, aiming to create accessible and user-friendly platforms specifically designed to cater to the diverse requirements of vulnerable populations. Moreover the role of social media in the empowerment of vulnerable populations should be analyzed, considering its impact on communication, awareness and community support. Overall, this special session expects to include contributions for a comprehensive examination of collaborative networks and associated technologies, providing insights into their potential to positively impact the wellbeing of vulnerable populations.  
 Topics:  
 Stakeholders’ engagement in collaborative ecosystems to empower vulnerable populations wellbeing 
  Emerging technologies and strategies for confidentiality and trust within collaborative networks 
  Mechanisms for agile access to vulnerable people data and for knowledge creation 
  Recommendation systems, continuous supervision, and monitoring to improve the outcomes of ecosystems of vulnerable people 
  Generative-AI solutions for the provision of tailored services for vulnerable people in collaborative contexts 
  User tailored interfaces and adaptable digital solutions to facilitate the access of vulnerable individuals to the collaborative ecosystem 
  The role of social media in empowering collaborative ecosystems of vulnerable populations 
  Organizers:  
 Ana Inês Oliveira, NOVA SST, CTS-UNINOVA 
  Filipa Ferrada, NOVA SST, CTS-UNINOVA 
  Patricia Macedo, Instituto Politécnico de Setúbal, CTS-UNINOVA 
    
 Special Session 4: Trust and trustworthy technologies in collaborative networks  
 Collaborative networks of enterprises are currently challenged by high unpredictabilities. The global environment has further developed from a volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous (VUCA) into a brittle, anxious, nonlinear and incomprehensible (BANI) world. Given these conditions, timely and credible information sharing among collaborative network partners is but one of the vital sources of an efficient network. Research shows, that (re)establishing and pertaining trust in a collaborative network as a specific organizational form in general and between network partners and further stakeholders in a more specific perspective make up a key network management challenge. However, as the collaboration in larger networks becomes increasingly virtual and anonymous, especially if the distance of tiers in a supply network is high, trust can no longer be built solely upon personal relationships. Rather, it is the intelligent interplay of organizational, human and technological (digital) relationship enablers that substantially contributes to trust in collaborative networks in a BANI world. One particular innovative technology which addresses network trust is the distributed (digital) ledger technology (DLT) (i.e. "blockchain"). This session aims to strengthen the scientific discourse on the challenges of implementing and managing this trustworthy technology in collaborative virtual networks of enterprises. With respect to DLT enabled collaborative networks (in contrast to rather linear chains) we invite scholars to address, among other, topics as: dimensions and qualities of trust; psychological technological and/or organizational representations of trust; reciprocity of human and DLT trustworthiness; trust related managerial procedures, indicators and measures of successful DLT implementation; or even newly arising blind spots in understanding and managing trust and trustworthiness in DLT enabled collaborative networks.  
 Topics:  
 Trust in collaboration 
  Trust in virtual networks of enterprises 
  Reciprocity and interplay of trust enablers 
  Distributed ledger technology/ blockchain 
  Management of digital technologies in networks 
  Organizers:  
 Bernd-Friedrich Voigt, South Westphalian University of Applied Sciences 
  Stefan Lier, South Westphalian University of Applied Sciences 
  Thomas Schlösser, South Westphalian University of Applied Sciences 
    
 Special Session 5: Collaborative Manufacturing Systems in the Digital Era  
 The manufacturing industry continuously faces critical challenges such as supply chain disruptions, political instability, increasing competition, mass customization, and skill shortage. As a result, companies are implementing a more adaptive approach, leveraging globally dispersed, scalable, and sustainable production systems and resources. Also, these challenges force the industry to be more efficient, agile, and robust than ever. Collaboration between various stakeholders such as machine builders, product designers, manufacturers, and end-customers is one of the opportunities to overcome these challenges. Collaborative manufacturing effort involves sharing resources, knowledge, expertise and risks as well as the business gain while meeting the requirements of all stakeholders involved. This paradigm embodies a novel strategy to foster greater efficiency and resilience in the manufacturing industry. Successful digital collaborative manufacturing platforms, such as GAIA-X, allow manufacturers to share their production capacity and facilitate consumers to access up-to-date resource availabilities transparently and affordably. Although there are efforts to establish an industry-standard digital infrastructure for collaborative manufacturing systems, there are research questions in this landscape such as making these systems more human-centric by exploiting Industry 5.0 technologies, allowing collaborators to jointly design the products and value chain, utilizing generative AI and machine learning technologies to advance the current cyber-physical systems to be more cognitive developing smart methods for efficient, fair and inclusive resource sharing. Hence, this special session aims to bring together practitioners and researchers in collaborative manufacturing systems and facilitate knowledge exchange for best practices and state-of-the-art research to answer these questions. Studies that discuss industry maturity levels for collaborative manufacturing adaptation, social economic, and business barriers along with proposed resolutions are also invited to submit a paper to the special session.  
 Topics:  
 Sustainable and resilient collaborative manufacturing systems 
  Multi-agent Methods for planning and scheduling collaborative manufacturing systems 
  Collaborative Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Collaborative Platforms 
  Organizers:  
 Ege Duran, UCC, School of Computer Science and Information Technology, Cork, Ireland 
  Cemalettin Ozturk, MTU, Process, Energy and Transport Engineering, Cork, Ireland 
  Barry O’Sullivan, UCC, School of Computer Science and Information Technology, Cork, Ireland 
    
 Special Session 6: Zero Defects and Zero Waste strategies in Industrial Collaborative Networks  
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) and data driven solutions towards Zero Defects and Zero Waste (ZDZW) solutions apply digital technologies to eliminate product and process errors and resource waste. Developing these solutions requires the involvement of multiple stakeholders (e.g., AI engineers, data scientist, system integrators) in complex collaborative networks. Technologies like blockchain, data spaces, or Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) emerge as enablers to achieve effective collaborations in the digital domain.  
 This special session focuses on discussing and disseminating real cases under development in different research initiatives. The session will address specific challenges related to the integration (collaboration robotics, data space, standardisation, interoperability, untrustworthy environments, etc.) of new sensors and the application of artificial intelligence for the detection, identification, and quantification of production defects or resource waste on a real-time basis.  
 Some of the use cases covered include a) blockchain based architectures for Inspection as a Service (IaaS) enabling the data sharing between participants to be performed in a decentralised, transparent, and secure cloud manufacturing system, building trust between them, b) cloud native robotics to enable safe, dynamic, and real-time decision-making for a collaborative working environment between humans and robots and c) Use of Data Spaces for zero waste solutions in the time critical bio-production section.  
 Topics:  
 Zero Defects strategies for collaborative manufacturing 
  Smart manufacturing using collaborative networks 
  Non-destructive inspection technologies for collaborative systems 
  Blockchain technology for Inspection as a Service in untrustworthy collaborative environments 
  Sustainable growth in collaborative manufacturing based in non-destructive inspection technologies 
  Collaborative Non-Destructive Inspection systems for monitoring and control 
  Collaborative Non-Destructive Inspection Interoperability 
  Human-robot collaboration 
  Social Sustainability Human-Robot Collaboration 
  Collaboration in Manufacturing Data Value Chains 
  Organizers:  
 Francisco Fraile - Centre on Production and Engineering and Management of the Polytechnic University of Valencia, Spain 
  Lario Femenia Joan - Centre on Production and Engineering and Management of the Polytechnic University of Valencia, Spain 
    
 Special Session 7: Collaborative Ecosystems: Skills and Technologies for Resilient Futures  
 This session seeks to unravel the dynamic nexus between human skill enhancement and the integration of emerging technologies within collaborative ecosystems. Our goal is to forge a comprehensive understanding of the interdependencies that propel innovation and societal advancement. Participants will engage in a critical examination of the synergistic relationship between evolving human capabilities and technological progression, underscoring the importance of collaborative networks in catalyzing sustainable change. The session will draw from a range of disciplines to uncover strategies that leverage collective intelligence and foster multi-disciplinary partnerships, essential for navigating the accelerated pace of digital transformation. Emphasis will be placed on the translation of theoretical models into actionable strategies cultivating an environment where varied perspectives coalesce to forge pathways towards a resilient and adaptable future.  
 Topics:  
 Skill-tech Advancement in Collaborative Networks 
  Collaborative Ecosystems for Skill-Tech Synergy 
  Navigating Augmentation vs. Automation: Collaborative Technologies in Skill Enhancement 
  Ethical Implications in the Skill-Technology Collaborative Paradigm 
  Collaborative Strategies Development for Skill Enhancement through Emerging Technologies 
  Inclusive Collaboration in Skill and Technology Ecosystems 
  Collaborative Forecast on the Future of Work and Skill Evolution 
  Socio-Political Dynamics through Technological Disruption 
  Ethical Technology Deployment 
  Building Collaborative Resilience and Sustainability in Networks 
  Interdisciplinary Collaboration 
  Organizers:  
 Professor Thomas Schuster, Pforzheim University 
  Doctor Eda Marchetti, CNR-ISTI 
  Professor Jose Barata, NOVA School of Science and Technology 
  Doctor Sanaz Nikghadam-Hojjati, UNINOVA 
    
 Sponsors  
          Contact: pro-ve-2024@sciencesconf.org   

 Online user: 4 | Privacy |  

   Loading...   

   