   
   Home  History  Proceedings  Best Papers  Organizing PROFES  Sponsors  Steering Committee  Code Of Conduct  Contacts  Imprint  Data Protection    
 Latest News  

 Tweets by @PROFES_conf  Timeline does not work with some privacy tools.  

 PROFES Best Paper Awards  
 RECIPIENTS AND TITLE OF THE BEST PAPER AWARD  
  
 2019 | The following technical paper was selected as the best full paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews. Jan-Philipp Steghöfer, Eric Knauss, Jennifer Horkoff, Rebekka Wohlrab: Challenges of Scaled Agile for Safety-Critical Systems. 
  The following short paper was selected as the best short paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews.  
 John Noll, Sarah Beecham: How Agile Is Hybrid Agile? An Analysis of the HELENA Data. 
 2018 | The following technical paper was selected as the best full paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews. Abdallah Salameh and Julian Bass: Influential Factors of Aligning Spotify Squads in Mission-Critical and Offshore Projects - A longitudinal embedded case study. 
  The following short paper was selected as the best short paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews.  
 Di Wang and Matthias Galster: An Exploratory Study on Software Products and Development Organizations in New Zealand. 
 2017 | The following technical paper was selected as the best full paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews. Pertti Seppänen, Kari Liukkunen and Markku Oivo: Little Big Team: Acquiring Human Capital in Software Startups 
  The following short paper was selected as the best short paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews.  
 Matthias Gutbrod, Jürgen Münch and Matthias Tichy. How Do Software Startups Approach Experimentation? Empirical Results from a Qualitative Interview Study 
 2016 | The following technical paper was selected as the best full paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews. Jonas Eckhardt, Andreas Vogelsang and Daniel Méndez Fernández: On the Distinction of Functional and Quality Requirements in Practice 
 2015 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference. Based on the strength of the reviews five candidates were proposed to the attendees, who were asked to vote on the best paper. Rudolf Ramler and Michael Felderer: A Process for Risk-Based Test Strategy Development and Its Industrial Evaluation 
 2014 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Hidde van Manen and Hans Van Vliet: Organization-wide Agile Expansion requires an Organization-wide Agile Mindset 
 2013 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Sousuke Amasaki and Chris Lokan: The Evaluation of Weighted Moving Windows for Software Effort Estimation 
 2012 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Svensson RB, Aurum A, Paech B, Gorschek T, Sharma D: Software Architecture as a Means of Communication in a Globally Distributed Software Development Context 
 2011 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Information is unfortunately not available 
 2010 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Emelie Engström, Per Runeson: A Qualitative Survey of Regression Testing Practices. 
 2009 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Zornitza Racheva, Maya Daneva and Klaas Sikkel: Value Creation by Agile Projects: Methodology or Mystery? 
 2008 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Anita Gupta, Forrest Shull, Daniela Cruzes, Christopher Ackermann, Harald Rønneberg: Experience Report on the Effect of Software Development Characterstics on Change Distribution 
 2007 | The following technical paper was selected as the best paper at the conference, on the strength of the reviews received from the PC. Lech Madeyski: On the Effects of Pair Programming on Thoroughness and Fault-Finding Effectiveness of Unit Tests 
 Unfortunately not available 

  