The Prague Stringology Conference 2024  
 Prague, Czech Republic, August 26–27, 2024  
  Last updates: The conference will be held on 26.-27.8.2024. Workshop StringMasters  will follow on 28.8.2024. You are welcome to attend. 
  Conference program again updated 
  Registration | is open | for remote participants 
  Important dates 
  Invited talk 
  List of accepted papers 
  Submission server is closed. 
  Accommodation 
  Venue 
  Call for papers 
   Call for papers   
 PSC 2024 is the 27 th  Stringology conference. It is an international conference focusing on stringology and related areas. It is organized annually by the Prague Stringology Club  , a research group in the Department of Theoretical Computer Science  at the Faculty of Information Technology  , Czech Technical University in Prague  . The proceedings of recent conferences are indexed in DBLP  , Scopus  , and Web of Science  of Clarivate  .  
 Stringology is a part of algorithmic research that deals with the processing of text strings. It has existed for at least thirty years and developed into a respected subfield of its own. The last twenty years have produced an explosion of new results. This progress is due in part to the human genome effort, an area to which string algorithms can make important contributions. String processing extended into tree processing is called arbology.  
 The topics of the conference include but are not limited to: algorithms for pattern matching in strings, images and trees 
  data structures (automata, trees etc.) for pattern matching in strings, images and trees 
  coding and data compression 
  bioinformatics 
  information retrieval 
  string processing algorithms in databases 
  searching for regularities 
  natural language processing 
  Registration  
 Every attendee has to be registered.  
  Authors are required to present papers in person.  
  Registration of attendees   
   
  The instructions for participation will be sent to the e-mail address provided in the registration.  
 Registration fee:  
  
 Fee and eligibility | Early registration | Late registration | Notes 
 Conference fee | EUR 210 | EUR 260 | (proceedings, refreshment, social event, conference dinner) 
 Accompanying person | EUR 50 | EUR 50 | (social event, conference dinner) 
 Remote participation | no fee | no fee | (not allowed for speakers) 

 Bank tranfer fees are high and can reduce significantly the amount we receive. We suggest to use Wise  for the payments.  
 The registration fee should be sent by money transfer to the following account:  
   
 account name: | Ceska informaticka spolecnost 
 account number: | 42930011/0100 
 bank name: | Komercni banka 
 bank address: | Na prikope 33 cp. 969, CZ-114 07, Praha 1, Czech Republic 
 IBAN: | CZ34 0100 0000 0000 4293 0011 
 SWIFT code: | KOMBCZPPxxx (11 characters variant) or KOMBCZPP (8 characters variant) 
 Bank Transfer Fee: | Non-EU attendees should pay the international wire transfer charges (instruction 'OUR'). For EU attendees, SEPA transfer is the preferred way. If unsure, please ask at your bank. 
 message: | name(s) of person(s) the fee is payed for 

 Your receipt of the registration fee payment will be available at the conference site.  
  We are sorry we cannot accept payments via credit card.  
 Important dates:   
 Submission of Abstracts: | May 16, 2024 
  Submission of Papers: | May 23, 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance: June 23, 2024 
  Early Registration Due: July 14, 2024 
  Final Version Due: July 14, 2024 
  Conference: August 26–27, 2024 
   Invited talk:  
 Igor O. Zavadskyi   
  The Discreet Charm of Multi-Pattern Codes   
 List of accepted papers  
 Gabriel Istrate | A Language-Theoretic Approach to the Heapability of Signed Permutations 
  Arianna Pavone and Caterina Viola | A Quantum Circuit for the Cyclic String Matching Problem 
  Simone Faro, Francesco Pio Marino and Andrea Moschetto | Beyond Horspool: A Comparative Analysis in Sampled Matching 
  Khodor Hannoush, Camille Marchet and Pierre Peterlongo | Cdbgtricks: strategies to update a compacted de bruijn graph 
  Zsuzsanna Liptak, Martina Luca, Francesco Masillo and Simon Puglisi | Fast matching statistics for sets of long similar strings 
  Golnaz Badkobeh, Sehar Naveed and Simon Puglisi | On practical data structures for sorted range reporting 
  Simone Faro and Alfio Spoto | Refining SFDC Compression Scheme with Block Text Segmentation 
   Submission:   
 The submission page  (https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=psc2024)  is closed.  
 Authors are cordially invited to submit their full papers (in PDF format, 10–15 pages, A4 page format). To allow more time for paper completion, paper title, authors, and abstract should be submitted first by the first deadline (Submission of Abstracts) and the the paper in PDF format still can be updated till the next deadline (Submission of Papers).  
 If you have any problems/questions on submissions, please contact Jan Holub ( pscᏍstringology.org  ).  
 For their final version the papers are required to be prepared using PSC LaTeX style available at http://www.stringology.org/pscproc2  .  
  Accommodation:  
 There are several hotels in Dejvice quarter ( Hotel Diplomat  , Hotel DAP  , Hotel Crowne Plaza  just to mention a few).  
 We found out that our negotiated price cannot beat the prices available via some large booking servers. Please use your favourite one to make your hotel booking.  
  Venue  
 The Prague Stringology Conference will be held at the Faculty of information technology, CTU in Prague. Its address is Thákurova 7, Prague 6. See location in a map  . The exact building and room will be announced later.  
  History   
 PSC 2024 was preceded by Prague Stringology Workshops in 1996-2000 and by Prague Stringology Conferences starting from 2001. Each year proceedings are prepared for the conference. They are published by Czech Technical University in Prague and are also available from the PSC web pages  . Selected papers from the later workshops were also published in a special issue of the journal Kybernetika  (IF in 2009 was 0.445). Selected papers from the 2002-2006, 2008 conferences were then published in the Nordic Journal of Computing  , Journal of Automata, Languages and Combinatorics  , International Journal of Foundations of Computer Science  (IF in 2013 was 0.326), and Discrete Applied Mathematics  (IF in 2013 was 0.677).  
 Program Committee:  
 Amihood Amir  , Bar-Ilan University, Israel, and Georgia Tech, USA  
  Gabriela Andrejková  , Pavol Jozef Šafárik University, Slovakia  
  Simone Faro  , University of Catania, Italy  
  Frantisek Franek  , McMaster University, Canada  
  Jan Holub  (chair), Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Shmuel Tomi Klein  , Bar Ilan University, Israel  
  Dominik Köppl  (chair), Tokyo Medical and Dental University, Japan  
  Thierry Lecroq  , University of Rouen, France  
  Robert Mercas  , Loughborough University, UK  
  Yuto Nakashima  , Kyushu University, Japan  
  Solon Pissis  , CWI, The Netherlands  
  William F. Smyth  , McMaster University, Canada  
  Bruce Watson  , National Security Centre of Excellence, Canada  
  Jan Žďárek  , Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
    
 Organizing Committee:  
 Dominika Bohuslavová (Draesslerová)  , Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Ondřej Guth  (chair), Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Jan Holub  (chair), Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Tomáš Pecka  , Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Josef Erik Sedláček  , Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Regina Šmídová  , Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Jan Trávníček  , Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  Jan Žďárek  , Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
    
 Contact address:   
 The Prague Stringology Club   
  Department of Theoretical Computer Science   
  Faculty of Information Technology   
  Czech Technical University in Prague   
  Thákurova 2700/9  
  160 00 Prague 6  
  Czech Republic  e-mail: pscᏍstringology.org   

   Last modified: Aug 24 2024, PSC team   
    
  