    
   
   Applicants | Applicants    Study programs     
 Bachelor study program 
  Master study program 
  Doctoral study program 
  Lifelong learning 
   Come to FIT     
 10.5 reasons to study at FIT 
  Events for applicants 
  Students’ stories 
  Preparatory courses 
  Studying with disabilities 
   Admission procedure     
 Important dates, admissions requirements, procedures and guides.  
 Admission procedure  Submit application 
  Studies | Studies    Study programs     
 Bachelor study program 
  Master study program 
  Doctoral study program 
   Information service     
 Schedule 
  Systems gateway 
  Office of Study Affairs 
  Study abroad 
   Counselling for students     
 Avoid queues at the Office of Study Affairs.  
 Study guide 
  Science and research | Science and research    What we do     
 Research topics 
  Success stories 
  Projects 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
   Facilities     
 Laboratories 
  Research groups 
  Habilitation proceedings and proceedings to appoint professors 
  Scientific Council 
   For institutions and companies     
 Why do research with us   For employees and students     
 Get involved in research 
  Cooperation | Cooperation    For students     
 Work placement for students 
  Job offers 
  COFIT jobs fair 
  Technology Foresight 
   For industry     
 Possibilities for companies 
  Why cooperate with FIT 
  Successful projects 
  How to become a partner or sponsor 
  General Terms and Conditions of the Sponsor Programme 
   Our partners     
 Renowned and lesser-known companies, multinational giants and Czech firms.  
 Partners and sponsors 
  About FIT | About the faculty 
  People 
  Organizational structure 
  For employees 
  Academic Senate 
  Contact information 
  Life at FIT | Life at FIT    FIT live     
 News 
  Events 
  Regular events 
  Success stories 
   Student life     
 Study at CTU 
  International Student Club 
  FIT++ Student Club 
  CTU Student Union 
   Our social media 
  EN | CS 

 Harmonogram akademického roku 
  Studijní oddělení 
  Průvodce studiem 
  Rozcestník systémů 
  KOS 
  Courses 
  Intranet 
  Search 
  EN | EN 
  CS 
    
 Home 
  Science and research 

 Science and research  
 Every day, in every laboratory and in every research group, we try to push the boundaries of IT. Cutting-edge equipment together with our passion for science and eagerness to experiment create an ideal environment for new inventions.  

 We are involved in  13  research groups     
    
 We operate  21  laboratories     
    
 We have over  40  PhD students     

 Research topics  
 The scope of our research topics is very wide: we explore the possibilities of artificial intelligence and programming of embedded systems, we are looking for new ways to use large amounts of data that humanity produces every day, we teach robots new tricks and much more.  
 Topics   

 Research groups  
 There are currently 13 research groups and more will be created in the future. They look into virtually all areas of basic and applied research in the field of informatics.  
 Research groups   

 Laboratories  
 Thanks to our superbly equipped laboratories we are able to carry out top research and experiments. We do not verify our hypotheses only on a theoretical level – practical testing is an everyday part of scientific work at FIT.  
 Laboratories   

 Publications  
 We do not try to hide the results of our research work. You can read about our achievements, small steps forward and blind alleys in the books and papers we have published so far.  
 Publications   

 Projects  
 A number of research projects are funded from Czech and foreign grants. We are currently working on 6 Czech projects funded from grants.  
 Projects   

 Our achievements in science and research  

 Scientific papers from FIT CTU successfully presented at the prestigious AAAI 2024 conference  

 Research on programming languages at FIT is led by Prof. Kirsch  

 We can most accurately predict the weather and model planetary atmospheres  

 We can manage huge amounts of unused research data  

 Other success stories   

 Why do science with us?  
 Help us push the boundaries of informatics. Become a member of one of our research groups where you will be able to capitalize on your knowledge and ideas. Get to know your favourite field of study also outside the classroom!  
 More   

 How to get involved in research  
 Would you like to experiment, test the newly acquired knowledge in practice, or are you dreaming about making a groundbreaking invention in IT? Join in one of the types of research. Knock on the door of any laboratory or become a member of one of our research groups.  
 More   

 Doctoral study program  
 Become an expert in your favourite field of informatics. Get to know all its secrets and kick off your academic career! In case you later decide to transform the knowledge gained during your PhD studies into practice, you will have a huge competitive advantage and will instantly become an IT guru.  
 More   

 Habilitation proceedings and proceedings to appoint professors  
 One of the peaks of any academic career is closely linked to scientific activities. Thanks to your achievements in science you can eventually become associate professor or professor.  
 More   

 Contact information  
   
 Office of Science and Research    Scientific Council      

 Contact persons  
   
 doc. Ing. Štěpán Starosta, Ph.D.   
 Vice-Dean for Science and Research  
   
 +420224359886 
  stepan.starosta@fit.cvut.cz 
  TH:A-1429 

 Mgr. Lenka Fryčová   
 Officer for doctoral studies  
   
 +420224359813 
  lenka.frycova@fit.cvut.cz 
  TH:A-1028 

 Aleš Rýznar, M.A.   
   
 ales.ryznar@fit.cvut.cz 
  NB:335 

 The person responsible for the content of this page: doc. Ing. Štěpán Starosta, Ph.D.   

 Frequently searched    
 Schedule of the academic year 
  Office of Study Affairs 
  Study guide 
  Systems gateway 
  KOS system 
  Courses system 
  Intranet 
    
 Sitemap    
 Home 
  Applicants 
  Studies 
  Science and research 
  Cooperation 
  About the faculty 
  Life at FIT 
    
 Contact information    
 Faculty of Information Technology  
  CTU in Prague  
  Thákurova 9, 160 00 Prague 6  
  Czech Republic  
   
 Contacts 
  Media and PR 
    
 Facebook 
  Instagram 
  Youtube 
  X 
  LinkedIn 
  FIT++ club 

 Copyright 2024 FIT CTU | Accessibility Statement  | Personal Data Protection  | Use of cookies   

  