Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

  MENU     
 2025 IEEE World Forum on Public Safety Technology (WF-PST)  
    
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    

 SEARCH      

   Home 
  About 
  Authors | Final Paper Guidelines 
  Program | Keynotes 
  Technical Papers 
  Panel Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  Technical Committee Reports 
  IEEE MOVE Community Outreach 
  Registration | Student Travel Grants 
  Exhibitors/Sponsors | Exhibitor Info 
  Venue and Travel 
  Committee 
  Past Events | 2024 Organizing Committee 
  2024 Panel Sessions – Past 
  2024 Keynotes – Past Events 
  2024 Tutorials – Past 
  2024 Technical Committee Reports – Past 
  2024 Technical Papers – Past 
  2024 Sponsors and Partners – Past 

 CAll FOR PAPERS – Author Information     
 Join us at the 2025 IEEE World Forum on Public Safety Technology (WF-PST), where researchers and practitioners will engage in meaningful dialogue to address both current and future public safety needs. This event will focus on enhancing existing technologies and exploring the potential for innovative solutions that can transform public safety applications.  
 IMPORTANT DATES  
   Paper Submission Deadline:  20 April 2025  
   Notification of Acceptance:  20 June 2025  
   Camera-ready Version:  20 July 2025   
 Submit Your Contribution Using EasyChair     
  
 Technical Paper Topics    
 IEEE WF-PST s  eeks original, high-quality proposals describing the research and results that contribute to advancements in the following  Public Safety Technology applications:    
 AI/ML, Smart Algorithms, Digital Twins, and Intelligent Systems 
  Communication and Networking 
  Transportation Technologies for Public Safety 
  Edge Computing, Cloud Computing, and IoT 
  Blockchain and Forensics 
  Security, Privacy, and Trust 
  Health and Wellness of Public Safety Personnel 
  Public Safety Technologies Supporting Elderly and People with Disabilities 
  Environmental Impacts on Public Safety Technologies 
  Papers accepted by IEEE WF-PST will be submitted to the IEEE Xplore ® Digital Library.   
 Technical Program Co-Chairs   
 Kamesh Namuduri, University of North TX, USA 
  Moussa Ayyash, Chicago State University, USA 
    Paper Publication Guidelines    
 Conference papers that are accepted and presented at the conference will be published in IEEE Xplore. All submissions are to follow the IEEE Manuscript Templates for Conference Proceedings template   to aid with reviews and publishing. Papers are requested to be 5-6 pages in length, in English. Papers of length up to 8 pages will be accepted for an additional fee.  
 To be published in the 2025 WF-PST Conference Proceedings and to be eligible for publication in IEEE Xplore, an author of an accepted paper is required to register for the conference, and the paper must be presented by an author of that paper at the conference unless granted permission for a substitute presenter arranged in advance and who is qualified both to present and answer questions. Other options, such as on-demand recordings or virtual presentations for those who are not able to travel, are being decided on a case-by-case basis.  
 The use of artificial intelligence (AI)–generated text in an article shall be disclosed in the acknowledgments section of any paper submitted to an IEEE Conference or Periodical. The sections of the paper that use AI-generated text shall have a citation to the AI system used to generate the text.  
 Please visit the IEEE Author Center Conference Author Submission Policies   for IEEE Publishing Guidelines and Principles.  
 IMPORTANT IEEE POLICY ANNOUNCEMENT  : The IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (including its removal from IEEE Explore) if the paper is not presented at the conference.  
 Papers are reviewed on the basis that they do not contain plagiarized material and have not been submitted to any other conference at the same time (double submission). These matters are taken very seriously and the IEEE will take action against any author who engages in either practice. Follow these links to learn more:  
 IEEE Policy on Plagiarism 
  IEEE Policy on Double Submission 
  If you have specific questions, contact us at PST-INFO@IEEE.ORG    
 Stay Informed of WF-PST 2025 News –   Sign up for WF-PST Alerts     

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms 

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Back to Top     
   