 

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Venue & Travel 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Committees 
  Sponsorship 
  Contact 

 27th International Symposium on Research in Attacks, Intrusions, and Defenses   
  
  Call for Papers  
   
 Since its inception in 1997, the International Symposium on Research in Attacks, Intrusions and Defenses (RAID) has established itself as a venue where leading researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and the government are given the opportunity to present novel research in a unique venue to an engaged and lively community.  
 The conference is known for the quality and thoroughness of the reviews of the papers submitted, the desire to build a bridge between research carried out in different communities, and the emphasis given on the need for sound experimental methods and measurement to improve the state of the art in cybersecurity.  
 This year we are soliciting research papers on topics covering all well-motivated computer security problems. We care about techniques that identify new real-world threats, techniques to prevent them, to detect them to mitigate them or to assess their prevalence and their consequences. Measurement papers are encouraged as well as papers offering public access to new tools or datasets, or experience papers that clearly articulate important lessons learned.  
 Specific topics of interest to RAID include, but are not limited to:  
 Computer, network, and cloud computing security 
  Malware and unwanted software 
  Program analysis and reverse engineering 
  Mobile Security 
  Web security and privacy 
  Vulnerability analysis techniques 
  Usable security and privacy 
  Intrusion detection and prevention 
  Hardware security 
  Cyber physical systems security and threats against critical infrastructures 
  IoT security 
  Statistical and adversarial learning for computer security 
  Cyber crime and underground economies 
  Denial-of-Service attacks and defenses 
  Security measurement studies 
  Digital forensics 
  Papers will be judged on novelty, significance, correctness, and clarity. We expect all papers to provide enough detail to enable the reproducibility of their experimental results. We encourage authors to make both the tools and data publicly available.  
 More information is available at https://raid2024.github.io/  .  
 Important Dates  

 Paper Submission Deadline: | April 9  April 15 2024 11:59:59pm  
  Anywhere on earth (UTC-12) 
 Notification to Authors: | June 24 2024 
 Camera Ready Submission Deadline: | July 22 2024 
 Conference: | September 30 - October 2, 2024, Padua, Italy 

  Papers   
 Submissions must be a PDF file in double-column ACM format (see ACM Proceedings Template  , using the sigconf style  , e.g., \documentclass[sigconf, review, anonymous]{acmart}), no more than 12 pages long, excluding the bibliography, well-marked appendices, and supplementary material. Note that reviewers are not required to read the appendices or any supplementary material. Authors should not change the font or the margins of the ACM format. Submissions not following the required format may be rejected without review.  
   
  The submission site is available here: https://raid2024.hotcrp.com/   

  Submission   
 Reviewing will be double-blind, meaning the authors’ identities will be hidden from the reviewers. All papers will be reviewed by three reviewers and will received notification in 80 days from the submission deadline. No major/minor revision options are allowed. All papers must be appropriately anonymized: author names or affiliations must not appear in the submission, you must refer to your own prior work in the third person, you should not give the paper a title that corresponds to a publicly available technical report, and should anonymize the bibliographic section in an appropriate manner, etc. Papers that are not properly anonymized may be rejected without review. While submitted papers must be anonymous, authors may choose to give talks about their work, post a preprint of the paper online, disclose security vulnerabilities to vendors or the public, etc. during the review process.  
 All submissions will be judged on originality, relevance, correctness, and clarity. Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that has already been published elsewhere or submitted in parallel to a journal or to any other conference or workshop with proceedings. Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously published work and plagiarism constitute dishonesty or fraud. RAID, like other scientific and technical conferences and journals, prohibits these practices and may on the recommendation of the program chair, take action against authors who have committed them. RAID abides with policies for plagiarism, submission confidentiality, reviewer anonymity, and prior and concurrent paper submission.  

 Human Subjects and Ethical Considerations   
 Submissions that describe experiments on human subjects, that analyze data derived from human subjects (even anonymized data), or that otherwise may put humans at risk should:  
 Disclose whether the research received approval or a waiver from each of the authors’ institutional ethics review boards (e.g., an IRB). 
  Discuss steps taken to ensure that participants and others who might have been affected by an experiment were treated ethically and with respect. 
  If the submission deals with vulnerabilities (e.g., software vulnerabilities in a given program or design weaknesses in a hardware system), the authors need to discuss in detail the steps they have already taken or plan to take to address these vulnerabilities (e.g., by disclosing vulnerabilities to the vendors). The same applies if the submission deals with personally identifiable information (PII) or other kinds of sensitive data. If a paper raises significant ethical and legal concerns, it might be rejected based on these concerns.  
 Authors who are unsure whether their submissions might meet these guidelines, or who have specific questions about the guidelines, are welcome to contact the program committee chair.  
  
  Proceedings by ACM   
 Papers that have been formally reviewed and accepted will be presented at RAID 2024 and published at the International Conference Proceedings Series by ACM (ACM ICPS). By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present it.  
  
  Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model    
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance  .  
  Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
  Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess   
  Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org  .   

  Organizing Committee  

 General Chairs: | Eleonora Losiouk, University of Padua  
  Alessandro Brighente, University of Padua  
  Mauro Conti, University of Padua 
 Program Committee Chair: | Yousra Aafer, University of Waterloo 
 Program Committee Co-Chair: | Yanick Fratantonio, Google 
 Publication Chair: | Alessandro Lotto, University of Padua 
 Website Organization Chair: | Samuele Doria, University of Padua 

 Organized by   

 Sponsors   
  
  Diamond  

 Platinum  

  