   

 Home 
  > RSP Symposium 
  > Call for papers 

 RSP Symposium  
 RSP Symposium 
  About 
  Call for papers 
  Committees 
  Submission 
  Camera-ready submission guidelines 
  Program 
  Registration 
  Previous editions 
    
 Call for papers  
 The International Workshop on Rapid System Prototyping (RSP) emphasizes design experience sharing and collaborative approach between hardware and software research communities from industry and academy. It considers prototyping as an iterative design approach for embedded hardware and software systems. The RSP series of workshop aim at bridging the gaps in embedded system design between applications, architectures, tools, and technologies to achieve rapid system prototyping of emerging software and hardware systems.  
 For its 35 th  venue, the Rapid System Prototyping workshop seeks original contributions related to this target, encompassing a wide scope ranging from formal methods for the verification of software and hardware systems to case studies of emerging embedded systems and technologies. The workshop proposes an inspiring international forum for discussing the latest related innovations and research activities. The workshop program will include keynote speeches and technical papers on timely topics.  
  
  The RSP workshop continues as a part of the Embedded Systems Week, that will be held on September 29 to October 4, 2024 in Raleigh, NC, USA. See http://www.esweek.org  for more details.  
 Suggested topics cover both software and hardware domains  . They include, but are not limited to:  
 Rapid prototyping and emulation methods and tools 
  Specification models and methodologies for hardware/software systems 
  Emerging technologies, devices, boards, and applications 
  Prototyping experiences related to emerging technologies (memories, 3D integration, next generation wireless, Internet of Things) 
  Prototyping of embedded systems for real-time, low power, and flexibility 
  Hardware and software platforms for IoT systems 
  Middleware for embedded systems 
  Model-driven engineering and prototyping 
  Formal methods and verification/validation of embedded systems 
  Reliability and failure analysis for embedded systems 
  Embedded system virtualization 
  Virtual prototyping and platforms for embedded systems 
  Prototyping methods and tools for reconfigurable computing 
  Rapid design approaches for application-specific processors 
  MPSoC and GPU-based system design and challenges 
  Hardware platforms and approaches for simulations acceleration 
  Industrial experiences in embedded system prototyping 
  The program committee invites authors to submit original unpublished full papers. Authors of selected papers will be requested to prepare a final camera-ready manuscript for the workshop proceedings and must register and attend the workshop for their paper to be published. Each technical paper must be associated with an author registration. Papers should not exceed 7 pages. Submission instructions as well as templates can be found on the RSP web site. Accepted papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore's scope and quality requirements.  
 Important Dates:   
 Paper Submission (extended): | July 8, 2024, | July 22 | , 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance: | July 31, 2024 | , August 13, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Manuscript due: | September 3, 2024 | , September 13, 2024 
   
 General Chairs:   
 Frédéric Rousseau, TIMA, University Grenoble-Alpes (France) and Amer Baghdadi, IMT Atlantique/Lab-STICC (France)  
 Program Chairs:   
 Kenneth Kent, University of New Brunswick (Canada) and Georgiy Krylov, University of New Brunswick (Canada)  
 Publicity Chairs:   
 Sungjoo Yoo, Seoul National University (Korea)  
 Publication Chair:   
 Olivier Muller, TIMA, University Grenoble-Alpes (France)  
  
 Paper submission   
 Submission instructions as well as templates can be found on the RSP web site.  
 Electronically submit all papers using the following link:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rsp2024   

 Credits | legal information    

 Open Source Sofware   
    
  