Skip to content    

   Skip to content    
 Home 
  Author information | Call for papers 
  Submission instructions | Double-blind submission 
  Review Process | Evaluation criteria 
  Artifact evaluation 
  Open access 
  Workshops | Call for Workshop and Tutorial Proposals 
  Program | Program 
  First-timer reception 
  Industrial Challenge 
  Real-time pitches / Work in Progress 
  Logistics | Local information 
  Registration 
  Organizers 
  About ECRTS | General information 
  Subscribe to ecrts-info 
  ECRTS in social media 
  ECRTS archive 
  ECRTS awards 

  Home    Call for papers    
 Call for papers  
  37th Euromicro Conference on Real-Time Systems (ECRTS’25)  
 July 8–11, 2025 | Brussels, Belgium | ecrts.org  
  Submission deadline: February 28, 2024 (23:59 AoE)  
  Submission website: tba  
  
   ECRTS is the premier European venue in the area of real-time systems and, alongside RTSS and RTAS, ranks as one of the top three international conferences on this topic. ECRTS has a rich history, with the first edition held in 1989 and this year’s edition being the 37th run of this annual event. As in previous editions, ECRTS attracts researchers from both academia and industry whose work tackles foundational and practical challenges at the intersection of real-time scheduling, time-critical systems, real-time operating systems, hardware/software co-design, security in time-sensitive systems, real-time networking, AI and machine learning methods for real-time systems, and more.   
 ECRTS 2025 will be held as a physical conference on July 8-11, 2025 in Brussels, Belgium.    
 Scope and topics of interest  
 Papers on all aspects of timing requirements in computer systems are welcome. Systems of interest include not only hard real-time systems but also time-sensitive systems in general (e.g., systems with soft requirements expressed in terms of tail latency, latency SLAs, QoS expectations, etc.). Typical applications are found not only in classical embedded and cyber-physical systems, but also increasingly in cloud or edge computing contexts and often stem from domains such as automotive, avionics, telecommunications, healthcare, robotics, and space systems, among others.   
 To be in scope, papers must address some form of timing requirement, broadly construed.  Prospective first-time authors are encouraged to familiarize themselves with works accepted in past editions of the conference, which are publicly available at drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/conference/ECRTS    
 ECRTS welcomes theoretical and practical contributions (including tools, benchmarks, and case studies) to the state of the art in the design, implementation, verification, and validation of time-sensitive systems. We particularly encourage papers on industrial case studies (such as the examples at  ecrts.org/industrial-challenge   ) and the application of real-time technology to real systems. We welcome practical contributions even without novel theoretical insights or formal proofs, provided they are of interest to the research community and/or industry. Whenever relevant, we encourage authors to present experimental results (preferably based on real data, but synthetic test cases are acceptable when adequately motivated).   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
 all elements of time-sensitive | SOFTWARE SYSTEMS | , including operating systems, hypervisors, middlewares and frameworks, programming languages and compilers, runtime environments, networks and communication protocols, etc.; 
  COMPUTER HARDWARE | design and hardware/software integration for embedded systems, including time-predictable hardware architecture, GPU and accelerators, FPGA prototyping, SoC design, novel memory architectures, hardware/software co-design, etc.; 
  REAL-TIME NETWORKS | : including wired and wireless sensor and actuator networks, Time-Sensitive Networks (TSN), industrial IoT, Software Defined Network (SDN), 5G, end-to-end latency analysis, etc.; 
  REAL-TIME APPLICATIONS | , including modeling, design, simulation, testing, debugging, and evaluation in domains such as automotive, avionics, control systems, industrial automation, robotics, space, railways telecommunications, multimedia, etc.; 
  foundational | SCHEDULING | and | PREDICTABILITY | questions, including schedulability analysis, algorithm design, synchronization protocols, computational complexity, temporal isolation, probabilistic guarantees, multi-core scheduling, resource co-scheduling, etc.; 
  static and dynamic techniques for | RESOURCE DEMAND ESTIMATION | , including stochastic and classic worst-case execution time (WCET) analysis, analyses to bound memory and bandwidth needs, and methods for determining the energy, power, or thermal footprint of real-time applications, etc.; 
  MACHINE LEARNING | techniques in safety-critical systems, including explainable AI, the application of machine learning to the design and optimization of real-time systems, methods for real-time AI computing, etc.; 
  FORMAL METHODS | for the verification and validation of real-time systems, including model checking, computer-assisted proofs, and runtime monitoring systems, etc.; 
  SECURITY | aspects of real-time systems, including techniques to strengthen security guarantees, concerns that affect the operation of safety-critical systems, privacy-enhancing techniques, methodologies to protect the temporal envelope of critical software against malicious threats, etc.; 
  the interplay of timing predictability and other | NON-FUNCTIONAL QUALITIES | such as reliability, quality of control, energy/power consumption, environmental impact, testability, scalability, etc. 
  The above list of topics is intended only as a coarse summary of recent proceedings and should  not   be understood as an exclusive list of interests. On the contrary,  papers breaking new ground, departing from established subfields, or challenging the status quo are most welcome and highly encouraged.   
  Open access  
 The ECRTS organizers and community strongly believe that a conference best serves the research community and the public when results are accessible to the largest audience without restrictions. In line with this belief, all accepted papers will be published again this year as open-access proceedings in collaboration with LIPIcs (Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics). Once published, the proceedings of ECRTS 2025 will be publicly accessible at  drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/conference/ECRTS   where the previous proceedings since 2017 are available.   
 Paper submission  
 Submitted manuscripts are limited to 20 pages of technical content, excluding the bibliography. Every accepted paper must be presented by one of the authors at the conference.   
 ECRTS papers follow the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics paper template. You can download the  LIPIcs template and see the typesetting instructions here.    
 To submit a paper to ECRTS, please carefully review and follow the  submission instructions and guidelines   .   
 Double-blind peer reviewing   
 In the interest of maximizing fairness and the meritocratic nature of the evaluation process, ECRTS will follow a double-blind peer reviewing process. Authors will submit blinded manuscripts (that do not reveal author identity or affiliation), and reviewers will not be made aware of author identities.   
 See the  double-blind submission policy   for more details.   
 Shadow peer review process  
 For the first time this year, ECRTS will offer the authors a Shadow Technical Program Committee (TPC) option. The Shadow TPC is designed to train future reviewers by providing them with hands-on experience in the paper review process. Authors who choose to participate (on an opt-in basis) will have their submissions reviewed by both the regular TPC and the Shadow TPC, although the reviews from the Shadow TPC will not impact the final decision on the paper.   
 Artifact evaluation   
 To improve the results’ reproducibility and encourage reuse, authors of accepted papers with a computational component will be invited to submit their code and/or their data to an optional  artifact evaluation   process.   
  Learn More  
 To receive more information about ECRTS, please subscribe to the ecrts-info  mailing list at: https://www.ecrts.org/mailman/listinfo/ecrts-info   
 You can also follow the official ECRTS announcements on LinkedIn at  linkedin.com/company/euromicro-conference-on-real-time-systems/    

 Comments are closed.  

 Main conference important dates   
 Submission deadline: February 28, 2025 (Firm)   
  Notification: April 21, 2025  
  Camera-ready deadline: May 16, 2025  
  Deadlines are UTC-12 (Anywhere on Earth)   
 Submission website: tba  
 Early registration deadline: tba   
 Registration page: https://www.ecrts.org/registration/   
   Conference: July 8 - 11, 2025   
  
  Latest news 

 Euromicro Privacy Policy   
   Please report issues to webmaster@ecrts.org    
 Powered by Tempera  & WordPress.     

  