 
 About 
 Advance Program 
 Invited Speakers 
 Call for Papers 
 Important Dates 
 Accepted Papers 
 Program Committee 
 Officers 
 Conference Venue 
 Registration 
 Hotel Information 
 Travel Information 
 Since 1995 
 Maintained and  
  Sponsored by | About | Advance Program | Invited Speakers | Call for Papers | Important Dates | Accepted Papers | Program Committee | Officers | Conference Venue | Registration | Hotel Information | Travel Information | Since 1995 | Maintained and  
  Sponsored by | Call for Research Papers   
 Papers offering novel research contributions are solicited for submission. Accepted papers will be presented at the symposium and published by the ACM in the symposium proceedings. In addition to the regular research track, this year SACMAT will again host a special track -- "Blue Sky/Vision Track"  . Researchers are invited to submit papers describing promising new ideas and challenges of interest to the community as well as access control needs emerging from other fields. We are particularly looking for potentially disruptive and new ideas which can shape the research agenda for the next 10 years. We encourage submissions that present ideas that may have not been completely developed and experimentally evaluated.  
  
  Topics of Interest   
 Submissions to the regular track covering any relevant area of access control are welcomed. Areas include, but are not limited to, the following:  
  
 Applications 
  Authentication 
  Big data 
  Biometrics 
  Blockchain 
  Cloud computing and edge computing 
  Cryptographic approaches 
  Cyber-physical systems and Internet of Things (IoT) 
  Databases and data management 
  Data leakage prevention 
  Data protection on untrusted infrastructure 
  Distributed and mobile systems 
  Economic models and game theory 
  Enforcement 
  Hardware enhanced security, trusted execution environments 
  Identity management 
  Machine learning 
  Mechanisms, systems, and tools 
  Models and extensions 
  Multimedia 
  Network access control 
  Obligations 
  Privacy 
  Policy engineering and policy mining 
  Policy analysis and policy verification 
  Requirements 
  Risk and uncertainty 
  Theoretical foundations 
  Trust management 
  Usability 
   Regular Track Paper Submission and Format   
 Papers must be written in English  . Authors are required to use the ACM format for papers, using the two-column SIG Proceedings Template (the sigconf template for LaTex) in the following link:  
 https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions   
 The length of the paper in the proceedings format must not exceed twelve  US letter pages formatted for 8.5" x 11" paper and be no more than 5MB in size. It is the responsibility of the authors to ensure that their submission will print easily on simple default configurations. The submission must be anonymous, so information that might identify the authors - including author names, affiliations, acknowledgements, or obvious self-citations - must be excluded. It is the authors' responsibility to ensure that their anonymity is preserved when citing their own work. Submissions should be made to the EasyChair conference management system by the paper submission deadline of February 17, 2020:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sacmat20   
 All submissions must contain a significant original contribution  . That is, submitted papers must not substantially overlap papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal, conference or workshop. In particular, simultaneous submission of the same work is not allowed. Wherever appropriate, relevant related work, including that of the authors, must be cited. Submissions that are not accepted as full papers may be invited to appear as short papers. At least one author from each accepted paper much register for the conference prior to the camera-ready deadline.  

  Blue Sky Track Paper Submission and Format   
 All submissions to this track should be in the same format as for the regular track, but the length must not exceed ten US letter pages, and the submission should not be anonymized. Submissions to this track should be submitted to the EasyChair conference management system by the same deadline as for the regular track.  
  
  Call for Lightning Talk   
 Participants are invited to submit proposals for 5-minute lightning talks describing recently published results, work in progress, wild ideas, etc. Lightning talks are a new feature of SACMAT, introduced this year to partially replace the informal sharing of ideas at in-person meetings. Submit at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=sacmat20  by May 31 (the early registration deadline). Notification of acceptance on June 2.  
  
  Call for Posters   
 SACMAT 2020 will include a poster session to promote discussion of ongoing projects among researchers in the access control field. Posters can cover preliminary or exploratory work with interesting ideas, or research projects in early stages with promising results in all aspects of access control. Authors interested in displaying a poster must submit a poster abstract in the same format as for the regular track, but the length must not exceed three US letter pages, and the submission should not be anonymized. The title should start with "Poster:". Accepted poster abstracts will be included in the conference proceedings.  
   
  Submissions should be emailed to the poster chair, Edelmira Pasarella (edelmira@cs.upc.edu)  , by Apr 12, 2020, 5PM PDT. The subject line should include "SACMAT 2020 Poster:" and the poster title.  
  
  Call for Demos   
 A demonstration proposal should clearly describe (1) the overall architecture of the system or technology to be demonstrated, and (2) one or more demonstration scenarios that describe how the audience, interacting with the demonstration system or the demonstrator, will gain an understanding of the underlying technology. Submissions will be evaluated based on the motivation of the work behind the use of the system or technology to be demonstrated and its novelty. The subject line should include "SACMAT 2020 Demo:" and the demo title.  
   
  Demonstration proposals should be in the same format as for the regular track, but the length must not exceed four US letter pages, and the submission should not be anonymized. A two-page description of the demonstration will be included in the conference proceedings. Submissions should be emailed to the Demonstrations Chair, Edelmira Pasarella (edelmira@cs.upc.edu)  , by Apr 12, 2020, 5pm PDT.  

  AUTHORS TAKE NOTE   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. (For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.) 
 About 
 Advance Program 
 Invited Speakers 
 Call for Papers 
 Important Dates 
 Accepted Papers 
 Program Committee 
 Officers 
 Conference Venue 
 Registration 
 Hotel Information 
 Travel Information 
 Since 1995 
 Maintained and  
  Sponsored by 
 Copyright (c) 2005-2024 ACM SACMAT All rights reserved. 
  
     