   Home 
  Conference | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  SafeComp 2025 Brochure 
  Invited Speakers 
  Conference Theme 
  Workshops 
  Program 
  Attend | Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Conference venue 
  Travel Information 
  Sustainability 
  Sponsorship | Sponsorship opportunities 
  Confirmed sponsors 
  About | Organization 
  Contact 
  Proceedings 
  Menu    Menu 

 Call for Papers   

 Established in 1979 by the European Workshop on Industrial Computer Systems, Technical Committee 7 on Reliability, Safety and Security (EWICS TC7), SafeComp has contributed to the progress of the state-of-the-art in dependable application of computers in safety-related and safety-critical systems.  
 SafeComp is an annual event covering the state-of-the-art, experience and new trends in the areas of safety, security and reliability of critical computer applications. SafeComp provides ample opportunity to exchange insights and experience on emerging methods, approaches, and practical solutions. It is a single-track conference allowing easy networking.  
 This 44th edition of SAFECOMP is a unique occasion to explore and debate hot topics of current challenges and solutions for future safety critical systems.  

 SafeComp 2025 Brochure      
 Theme  

 Managing safety in an era of a software defined computing continuumFuture societal and industrial systems will be increasingly relying on a digitalized infrastructure, from embedded systems, fog/edge-computing systems, to cloud and communications. Entire systems will also increasingly be software defined and upgradeable. Societal and industrial systems consequently be increasingly relying on such digitalized infrastructures, requiring an even stronger and proactive emphasis on key dependability properties, as emphasized by the SafeComp conferences. The theme for SafeComp 2025 has been chosen to highlight some of the following topics and challenges:  
 Predictability and reliability of cloud and edge computing, and AI components: The corresponding systems yet have to offer dependability properties suitable for critical systems 
  Architectures ensuring safety while enhancing performance 
  Co-design of applications and digital infrastructure to achieve cost-efficient dependability 
  Trustworthy DevOps – reconciling software and safety practices 

 Paper Submission Guidelines  

 The tradition of SAFECOMP is to act as a platform for bringing academic research and industrial needs together. Therefore, industrial contributions and real-world experience reports are explicitly invited. We solicit two types of paper submission (in both cases, up to 14 pages incl. bibliography):  
 Research papers address a research gap and illustrate how the contribution submitted can help improve the state-of-the-art by advancing current knowledge; 
  Practical experience reports / tool descriptions provide new insights and valuable support to practitioners. 
  Papers exceeding the page limit will be excluded from the review process. All papers will be reviewed by at least three members of the International Programme Committee. Papers must not have been previously published or concurrently submitted elsewhere.  
 All paper submissions must be formatted according to the LNCS templates  provided by Springer. Abstracts and papers should be submitted in pdf through Easychair.  

 LNCS templates      
     
 Easy Chair      
 Workshop Submission Guidelines  

 Workshops are planned for the day preceding the conference. Workshop proposals should be sent by email to the SAFECOMP 2025 Workshop Chairs (Erwin Schoitsch at AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, AT, and Elena Troubitsyna at KTH, SE) and include scope, contents, programme committee and length (half or full day). Accepted contributions will, as far as the publisher’s requirements are fulfilled, be included in the SAFECOMP Workshop Proceedings.  

 List of Topics  

 The conference covers all aspects related to the development, assessment, operation, and maintenance of safety-related and safety-critical computer systems.  
 Major topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Distributed and real-time monitoring and control 
  Fault-tolerant and resilient hardware and software architectures 
  Fault detection and recovery mechanisms 
  Security and privacy protection mechanisms for safety applications 
  Safety guidelines and standards 
  Safety/security co-engineering and tradeoffs 
  Safety and security qualification, quantification, assurance and certification 
  Threats and vulnerability analysis 
  Risk assessment in safe and secure systems 
  Dependability analysis using simulation and experimental measurement 
  Model-based analysis, design, and assessment 
  Formal methods for verification, validation, and fault tolerance 
  Testing, verification, and validation methodologies and tools 
  Multi-concern dependability assurance and standardization 
  Domains of application are (but not limited to):  
 Railways, automotive, space, avionics & process industries 
  Highly automated and autonomous systems 
  Telecommunication and networks 
  Safety-related applications of smart systems and IoT 
  Critical infrastructures, smart grids, SCADA 
  Medical devices and healthcare 
  Surveillance, defense, emergency & rescue 
  Logistics, industrial automation, off-shore technology 
  Education & training 

 Publication  

 All accepted research papers, practical experience reports, and tool descriptions will be published by Springer in the LNCS series (Lecture Notes on Computer Science) in the SafeComp and the SafeComp Workshop volumes.  

 Venue  

 The conference will be held at KTH Royal Institute of Technology, one of Europe’s leading technical universities. KTH conducts research and education in engineering and architecture, and ranks among the top universities in the world in several technical fields. The conference will take place in KTH’s beautiful main Campus located in the northern part of Stockholm city center, easily accessible by public transportation.  

 Contact  

 All questions about submissions should be emailed to safecomp2025 (at) easychair (dot) org.  

 PARTNERS   

 CONFERENCE SECRETARIAT   

 Meetx is the conference bureau handling the secretariat for the SafeComp 2025 conference.  
 E-mail: safecomp2025@meetx.se   
  Tel:  +46 31 708 86 90   

 IMPORTANT DATES   

 Abstract and Workshop proposal Submission: February 7, 2025   
 Full Paper Submission: February 14, 2025   
 Author notification: April 12, 2025   
 Camera ready submission: June 1, 2025   
 Workshops / Main Conference: Sept 9/10-12, 2025   

 CONFERENCE HOST   

 © Copyright - Safecomp2025    

 Scroll to top     
  