  Skip to main content         

 Create Today.  
  Predict Tomorrow.  

 We are a leading quantitative research and technology firm.  
   
 We hire the brightest minds to tackle the biggest questions in finance. We pair our people’s expertise with machine learning, big data, and emerging tech to predict movements in financial markets.  
   
 More about us    

 Our teams  

   Quantitative Research and Machine Learning  We find patterns in noisy, real-world datasets to predict movement in financial markets.   
 Read more    

   Engineering  We collaborate with researchers, design real-time platforms and process massive datasets at speed and scale.   
 Read more    

   Technology Innovation Group  We identify, test and on-board the latest tech, enabling our researchers and engineers to keep innovating.   
 Read more    

   Open-Source Software  We partner with and invest in the open source community.   
 Read more    

 Get to know us  

 What our people say  

 Fabian  SENIOR QUANTITATIVE RESEARCHER    
 "The two biggest things that I like about working at G-Research are the smart and incredibly friendly colleagues, as well as being able to strike a really good work-life balance (in contrast to a lot of the finance industry)."  
   
 Find out more     

 Mia  Infrastructure Development Software Engineer    
 "What I appreciate most about working in G-Research is the supportive and knowledgeable environment. Everyone is incredibly helpful and patient, which ensures there’s a good balance between being challenged and your workload."  
   
 Find out more     

 Yousuf  Machine Learning Engineer    
 "My intern experience was really good. You get the opportunity to impact a business, which is important if you’re preparing to enter the workplace. You get to do something useful and see how it gets used; I worked on a project that is still being used now."  
   
 Find out more     

 Sebastian  Senior Quantitative Researcher    
 "G-Research makes a lot of effort to have a very open culture and gives a lot of freedom to its individual researchers to pursue directions that they think are valuable, with each researcher very much driving their own research. I didn’t feel like I was losing a lot of freedom (compared to academia)."  
   
 Find out more     

 Clement  Quantitative Researcher    
 "My role focuses on finding signals in real-world data and in many ways, it feels like a continuation of my PhD; I’m looking at unexplored problems and I choose which ones to focus on."  
   
 Find out more     

 Dexter  SOFTWARE ENGINEER    
 "Work culture is an important aspect for me, so when I was contacted by G-Research I discovered a company where I could grow as a developer, whilst feeling like the company valued me as a person, not just a code monkey."  
   
 Find out more     

 Take the Next Step in Your  
  Career  
   
 Thrive in a collaborative, flexible environment where smart people learn and grow together.  
   
 Search open roles     

 Learn more about  
  G-Research  
 We offer a dynamic, flexible and highly stimulating culture where world-beating ideas are cultivated and rewarded.   
 Read more about us    
 Our Community  We encourage our people to make a positive impact on our local communities in London and Dallas.  
   
 Learn more   Our Commitment  We are passionate about nurturing the next generation of STEM talent.  
   
 Learn more     

 Latest events  
 See all events     
 Technology Innovation and Open Source 
  Tech Careers in Finance – University of Cambridge  
  23 Jan 2025   New Museum Site, Bene't St, Cambridge CB2 3PT    
 More info    

 Technology Innovation and Open Source 
  Spring into Quant Finance 2025  
  06 Apr 2025 - 11 Apr 2025   Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat, France    
 More info    

 Machine Learning 
  Quantitative Research 
  NeurIPS 2024  
  10 Dec 2024 - 15 Dec 2024   Vancouver Convention Centre, 1055 Canada Pl, Vancouver, BC V6C 0C3, Canada    
 More info    

 Latest news  
 See latest news     
    
 Distinguished Speaker Symposium on Prime Numbers and Cryptography  04 Dec 2024 
  The G-Research Distinguished Speaker Symposium returns on Thursday 21st November 2024, with an exciting line-up of speakers, as well as an opportunity to learn more about G-Research and network with our team.  
 Read article   

 G-Research November 2024 Grant Winners  02 Dec 2024 
  Each month, we provide up to £2,000 in grant money to early career researchers in quantitative disciplines. Hear from our November grant winners.  
 Read article   

 G-Research October 2024 Grant Winners  08 Nov 2024 
  Each month, we provide up to £2,000 in grant money to early career researchers in quantitative disciplines. Hear from our October grant winners.  
 Read article   

 What could possibly go wrong when migrating a VM?  30 Oct 2024 
  Migrating virtual machines (VMs) is essential for maintaining secure cloud infrastructure, but issues can arise. Learn from our experience and the issues we encountered.  
 Read article   

 G-Research 2024 PhD prize winners: ETH Zurich  23 Oct 2024 
  Every year, G-Research runs a number of different PhD prizes in Maths and Data Science at universities in the UK, Europe and beyond. We're pleased to announce the winners of this prize, run in conjunction with ETH Zurich.  
 Read article   

 How G-Research Invests in Open Source for Long-Term Impact  14 Oct 2024 
  Learn more about our investment in Open Source and the intended long-term impact of our approach on the OS universe.  
 Read article   

 G-Research September 2024 Grant Winners  08 Oct 2024 
  Each month, we provide up to £2,000 in grant money to early career researchers in quantitative disciplines. Hear from our September grant winners.  
 Read article   

 Lessons learned: Delivering software programs (part 5)  04 Oct 2024 
  Hear more from our Head of Forecasting Engineering, in the last installment of this series. Learn about the critical role of effective communication in successful transformation programs.  
 Read article   

 Stay up to date with  
  G-Research  
      
 Subscribe to stay up to date with the latest news and events  

 Our Teams  Quantitative Research & Machine Learning 
  Engineering 
  Technology Innovation Group 
  Open-Source Software 
    
 Information  News 
  Events 
  About Us 
  Students & Graduates 
  Vacancies 
  Our Commitment 
  Our Community 
  Contact 
    
 Contact  General enquiries  info@gresearch.com    
 Join us  recruitment@gresearch.com    
 Telephone  +44 207 631 7500    
   
 Social  LinkedIn 
  YouTube 
  Instagram 

   Terms 
  Privacy Policy 
  Cookies 
  © G-Research 2024 

  