SAT 2024  Dates and Calls   
  Dates  CFP  CFW    
   
 For Attendees   
  Keynote Speakers  Competitions  Venue  Accommodation & Transport  Visa Information  Student Grants  Registration    
   
 Resources   
  Organizers  Sponsorship  PhD Award    
   
 Organizers  Sponsorship  PhD Award  Awards  Workshops & School  Program Schedule  Highlights    

 Credit  Call for Papers   
   
 Scope  
 SAT 2024 is the 27th edition of the International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT). The scope of SAT 2024 includes all aspects of the theory and applications of propositional satisfiability, broadly construed. This also includes Boolean optimization, such as MaxSAT and Pseudo-Boolean (PB) constraints, Quantified Boolean Formulas (QBF), Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT), Model Counting, and Constraint Programming (CP) for problems with clear connections to Boolean-level reasoning.  
   
  Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):  
   
  Theoretical advances (including algorithms, proof complexity, parameterized complexity, and other complexity issues) 
  Practical search algorithms 
  Knowledge compilation 
  Implementation-level details of SAT- and SMT-solving tools and SAT/SMT-based systems 
  Problem encodings and reformulations 
  Applications (including both novel applications domains and improvements to existing approaches) 
  Case studies and reports on insightful findings based on rigorous experimentation 
    
 Out of Scope  
 Papers claiming to resolve a major long-standing open theoretical question in Mathematics or Computer Science (such as those for which a Millennium Prize is offered), are outside the scope of the conference because there is insufficient time in the schedule to referee such papers; instead, such papers should be submitted to an appropriate technical journal.   
 Paper Categories  
 Submissions to SAT 2024 are invited in the following three categories: Long papers (9 to 15 pages, excluding references and appendices) 
  Short papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references and appendices) 
  Tool papers (up to 8 pages, excluding references and appendices) 
  Long and short papers should contain original research, with sufficient detail to assess the merits and relevance of the contribution. For papers reporting experimental results, authors are strongly encouraged to make their data and implementation available with the submission. Submissions on applications and case studies are encouraged. Such papers should describe details, weaknesses and strengths of the proposed approaches in sufficient depth, but they are not expected to introduce novel solving methods.  
   
  Long and short papers will be evaluated with the same quality standards, and are expected to contain a similar contribution per page ratio.The authors should choose between a long or a short paper depending on the space they need to fully describe their contribution. The classification between long and short papers impacts the duration of the presentation of the work during the conference. It is the responsibility of the authors to make sure that their paper is self-contained in the chosen limit of pages. There will be no re-classification of the submissions by the PC.  
   
  Tool papers are expected to report on the design and implementation of a tool and its novel features. Here “tool” is interpreted in a broad sense, including descriptions of solvers, preprocessors, etc., as well as systems that exploit SAT solvers or their extensions for use in a relevant problem domain. A demonstration is expected to accompany a tool presentation. Papers describing tools that have already been presented previously are expected to contain significant and clear enhancements to the tool.   
 Submission  
 Submissions should not be under review elsewhere nor be submitted elsewhere while under review for SAT 2024, and should not consist of previously published material. Submissions not consistent with these guidelines may be returned without review.  
   
  Papers must be formatted in the LIPIcs LaTeX style available here  . Submissions must be made electronically in PDF format. The reviewing process for SAT 2024 is single-blind. Submit Now!    
 Authors may submit a supplement containing detailed proofs, examples, software, detailed experimental data, or other material related to the submission, to be consulted at the discretion of the reviewers. Supplements will be treated with the same degree of confidentiality as the paper itself. The supplement must consist of a single file in one of the following formats: zipped tarball (.tar.gz or .tgz), gzipped file (.gz), or zip archive (.zip).  
   
  One author of each accepted paper is expected to present it at the conference.   
 Important dates  
 Abstract submission: March 8, 2024 AoE | CLOSED 
  Full paper submission: | March 15, 2024 AoE | March 17, 2024 AoE | CLOSED 
  Author response: May 9-13, 2024 AoE 
  Notification of decisions: May 22, 2024 AoE 
  Camera-ready version submission: June 22, 2024 AoE 
  Workshops & Indian SAT+SMT School: August 18-20, 2024 
  SAT conference: August 21-24, 2024 
    
 Best Paper Awards  
 Long and short papers may be considered for a Best Paper Award. If the main author is a student, both in terms of work and writing, the paper may be considered for a Best Student Paper Award.   
 Proceedings  
 Accepted papers will be published as proceedings of the conference in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)  as a free, open, electronic archive with access to all. Authors will retain full rights over their work. The accepted papers will be published under a CC-BY license  .   
 Invitation of top papers to AIJ and JAIR  
 Top papers from SAT 2024 will be invited to the award-winning paper tracks in Artificial Intelligence Journal (AIJ) or Journal of Artifical Intelligence Research (JAIR). Here, "top papers" means papers that were publicly acknowledged as such, e.g., announced as best papers or runner-ups etc. The authors of these invited papers will have the option to choose between AIJ and JAIR and will get a chance to expand their conference submission by including additional details. Papers submitted to these tracks will receive expedited review, and accepted papers will receive special recognition on the web page of the selected journal. Apart from appearing in a regular volume of AIJ/JAIR with this special designation, all papers in the track will be indexed in a separate virtual volume.   
   
 SAT 2024 - August 21 - 24, 2024, Pune, India   
   
  