  Skip to main content    
       
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 

 Journals 
  Books 
  SIAM Engage 
  Join SIAM 
  Donate 
  Log In 
   
 SIAM News 
  Activity Groups 
  Prizes & Awards 
  Log In 
   
 Publications | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Journals | SIAM Review 
  Multiscale Modeling and Simulation: A SIAM Interdisciplinary Journal 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Algebra and Geometry 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Dynamical Systems 
  SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Computing 
  SIAM Journal on Control and Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Financial Mathematics 
  SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Mathematics of Data Science 
  SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications 
  SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis 
  SIAM Journal on Optimization 
  SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing 
  SIAM / ASA Journal on Uncertainty Quantification 
  Theory of Probability and Its Applications 
  SIAM Undergraduate Research Online 
  SIAM Books  Our textbooks and monographs are indispensable to researchers, faculty, and students around the world.  SIAM Books 
  SIAM News  The newsjournal of SIAM, covering cutting-edge research and the state of the art in applied mathematics and computational science.  SIAM News 
  Reports 
  Proceedings 
  Subscriptions & Ordering 
  Programs & Initiatives | Toggle sub-menu | Programs | Gene Golub SIAM Summer School 
  Visiting Lecturer Program 
  MathWorks Math Modeling (M3) Challenge 
  SIAM-Simons Undergraduate Summer Research Program 
  SIAM Science Policy Fellowship 
  MGB-SIAM Early Career Fellowship 
  SIAM Postdoctoral Support Program 
  Graduate Student Mathematical Modeling Camp and Mathematical Problems in Industry Workshop 
  See All Programs 
  Professional Development | Careers in Applied Mathematics 
  Career Resources 
  Job Board 
  Internships 
  Prizes and Awards | Deadline Calendar 
  SIAM Fellows Program 
  Policy & Procedures 
  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair!  Happening in person March 4, 2025 during CSE25.  Save the Date for the Next Career Fair! 
  Industry 
  Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion 
  Education Resources 
  Science Policy 
  Conferences & Events | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Conferences | More Events by Type 
  Section Meetings 
  Webinars & Seminars 
  Workshops 
  Career Fairs 
  Cooperating Conferences 
  Archive 
  See all Events 
  Conference Support | Travel & Registration Support 
  Child Care Grants 
  About SIAM Conferences & Events | For Sponsors & Exhibitors 
  Conference Guidelines 
  Featured Videos & Lectures 
  Submit Now for SIAM AN25!  The Third Joint SIAM/CAIMS Annual Meetings is happening July 28 - August 1, 2025 in Montréal, Québec, Canada.  Submit Now for SIAM AN25! 
  Membership | Toggle sub-menu | Individual Membership | Join 14,000 applied mathematicians and computational and data scientists from around the world. 
  Learn More 
  Institutional Membership | Create a custom subscription of four or more journals and your institution can become a free SIAM academic member, receiving up to a 27.5% discount on journal list prices. 
  Learn More 
  Member Support & FAQ | Questions about our membership types, benefits, how to automatically renew, or something else? 
  Get Your Questions Answered 
  Get Involved | Toggle sub-menu | Connect with a Community | Activity Groups 
  Sections 
  Student Chapters 
  SIAM Engage Online Community 
  Ways to Participate | Serve on Committees 
  Become an Author, Editor, or Referee 
  Nominate for Prizes 
  Network and Present at a Conference 
  Write for SIAM News 
  Ways to Support | Donate to SIAM 
  Spread the Word 
  Become a Sponsor 
  About Us | Toggle sub-menu | Overview 
  Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Bylaws & Reports 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Join SIAM 
  Contact Us 

 Back to top     
   
 Home 
  Publications 
  SIAM Journals 
  SIAM Undergraduate Research Online (SIURO) 

 SIAM Undergraduate Research Online  
 SIAM Undergraduate Research Online  (SIURO) is a web-based publication devoted to undergraduate research in applied and computational mathematics. Access is free and open to the public.  
   
 Read Current Issue  Submit a Paper    
   
 Related Links  
 Sign Up for Email Updates 

 In This Section 
  SIAM Undergraduate Research Online E-Alert 
  Editorial Policy 
  Editorial Board 
  Instructions for Authors 
  More 

 SIURO consists of articles written by undergraduate students in applied and computational mathematics, offering an opportunity for students to publish research they have completed as part of their undergraduate education and providing undergraduates incentives for conducting research.  
 The publication represents a wide range of applied topics, including but not limited to analysis, discrete mathematics, statistics, operations research, optimization, dynamical systems, modeling, and computation. Typical areas of application include but are not limited to physical, life, financial, and management sciences and engineering.  
 Each paper must be submitted with a letter from a project advisor. Faculty advisers or sponsors are listed as "project advisor" on the published paper.  
 SIURO provides an opportunity for undergraduate students to share their results and experience a full paper review process. High school students may also submit their work.  
 The project advisor may be a faculty member at the student’s institution or at an institution the student is visiting, or someone associated with a non-academic organization or government lab who supervised the research. 
  The project advisor’s letter must document the fact that the research was done while the student was an undergraduate and list the student’s graduation date or anticipated graduation date. 
  Project advisors will be listed separately from the authors with a “project advisor” byline. 

 Announcements   
 Authors: Prepare your papers using LaTex 2e macros to aid editor and referee review 

 From the Current Volume  
 Check out the latest volume and dive into advanced research and findings by undergraduate students.  
 See more   
   
 Volume 17  Accurately Classifying Out-Of-Distribution Data in Facial Recognition   
 November 13, 2024    
 By  Gianluca Barone (Corresponding author – Rowan University) 
  Aashrit Cunchala (University of Pittsburgh) 
  Rudy Nunez (Emory University) 

 Volume 17  Optimizing Energy Functional in Wave and Heat Equations with Initial Conditions in a Class of Rearrangements   
 October 30, 2024    
 By  Renjing Wang (Corresponding author – Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, China) 

 Volume 17  Travelling Waves of the Diffusive Streeter-Phelps Equations with Braun-Berthouex BOD Decay   
 October 24, 2024    
 By  Alexandra Lawryshyn (Corresponding author – University of Guelph, Ontario, Canada) 

 Browse Articles by Volume  
   
 Volume 17   
 2024   
   
 Volume 16   
 2023   
   
 Volume 15   
 2022   
   
 Volume 14   
 2021   
   
 Volume 13   
 2020   
   
 Volume 12   
 2019   
   
 Volume 11   
 2018   
   
 Volume 10   
 2017   
   
 Volume 9   
 2016   
   
 Volume 8   
 2015   
   
 Volume 7   
 2014   
   
 Volume 6   
 2013   
   
 Volume 5   
 2012   
   
 Volume 4   
 2011   
   
 Volume 3   
 2010   
   
 Volume 2, Issue 2   
 Fall 2009   
   
 Volume 2, Issue 1   
 Spring 2009   
   
 Volume 1, Issue 2   
 Fall 2008   
   
 Volume 1, Issue 1   
 Summer 2008   

 Show more    

 Publish with SIURO   
 Become an Author  
   
 SIURO offers undergraduate and high school students the early opportunity to publish their research while becoming part of the scientific community.  
   
 Learn More 
    
 SIURO is one of the best publications for undergraduate research in applied and computational mathematics. Beyond getting their results out into the world, when students publish their papers in SIURO, they have the edifying experience of taking their original work through the peer-review process.  
   Joanna Wares  University of Richmond     

 Get Involved with SIURO  
 We welcome submissions from undergraduate and high school students in applied and computational mathematics.  

 Editorial Information   
 Get the scoop on our reviewer guidelines, editorial policy, and more.   

 Instructions for Authors   
 Interested in submitting a paper to SIURO?   

 Contact Us  
   
 Questions about SIURO? Get in touch with our staff.  
 Contact SIURO Staff    

   3600 Market Street  6th Floor  Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA   Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  LinkedIn 

 About SIAM | Mission & History 
  Governance & Leadership 
  Committees 
  Staff 
  Collaborations 
  Code of Conduct 
  Policies & Guidelines 
  Jobs at SIAM 
  Contact Us 
  Membership | Member Benefits 
  Become a Member 
  Renew Your Membership 
  Connect with a Community 
  Ways to Participate 
  Jobs in STEM 
  Share & Support | Newsroom 
  Advertise with Us 
  Become a Sponsor 
  Post a Job 
  Information for Librarians 
  Subscribe to Our Emails 
   
 © 2024 Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics   
 Terms & Conditions 
  Privacy 

    