Go directly to main content   
 Show navigation      
 Hide navigation      
   
 Call for Papers | Hide navigation 
  Registration | Show navigation 
  Venue & Travel | Show navigation | Travel Information 
  Hotels 
  Program | Show navigation | Accepted Papers 
  Schedule 
  Proceedings 
  Committees | Show navigation 
  Past SEAs | Show navigation 

 Show search form  Hide search form 
  Quick links 
    
 Websites 
  Staff search 
  Search        

 Call for Papers 
  Registration 
  Venue & Travel 
  Program 
  Committees 
  Past SEAs 

  Search | Websites    Staff search     Start search 
  Quick links 

 Call for Papers 
  Registration 
  Venue & Travel 
  Program 
  Committees 
  Past SEAs 

 Symposium on Experimental Algorithms (SEA) 2024    

 You are here: 
  Faculty of Computer Science 
  Symposium on Experimental Algorithms (SEA) 2024 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers  
   
 SEA aims to attract papers from the Computer Science community, the Operations Research/Mathematical Programming community and any other scientific community that is concerned with the main theme of the symposium, namely the role of experimentation and of algorithm engineering techniques in the design and evaluation of algorithms and data structures.  
  
 Submissions should present significant contributions supported by experimental evaluation, methodological issues in the design and interpretation of experiments, the use of (meta-)heuristics, or application-driven case studies that deepen the understanding of the complexity of a problem.  

 Topics of Interest  
 Contributions solicited cover a variety of topics including but not limited to:  

 Algorithm Engineering 
  Algorithmic Libraries and Software Repositories 
  Algorithmic Cryptography and Security 
  Algorithmic Natural Language Processing 
  Algorithmics for Databases 
  Analysis of Algorithms 
  Approximation Algorithms 
  Bioinformatics and Computational Biology 
  Branch-and-Bound Algorithms 
  Combinatorial Problems and Structures 
  Communication Networks 
  Computational Geometry 
  Computational Optimization 
  Data Structures 
  Distributed and Parallel Algorithms 
  Graph Algorithms 
  Heuristic Algorithms 
  Integer Programming 
  Logistics and Operations Management 
  Machine Learning and Data Mining 
  Mathematical Programming 
  Multiple Criteria Decision Making 
  Network Analysis 
  Online Problems 
  Randomized Algorithms 
  Semidefinite Programming 
  Streaming and External Memory Algorithms 

 We emphasize that SEA welcomes submissions that introduce novel applications of algorithms in other disciplines. Note that the SEA list of topics was updated with respect to past years.  

 Best Paper Award  
 The program committee will identify a submission as the best paper.  

 Proceedings  
 The conference proceedings will be published in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)  , a series of high-quality conference proceedings across all fields in informatics established in cooperation with Schloss Dagstuhl Leibniz Center for Informatics. SEA Proceedings volumes are published according to the principle of OpenAccess, i.e., they are available online and free of charge.  

 Submission Guidelines  
 The authors should submit a paper not exceeding 12 pages, excluding the bibliography, the front page (authors, affiliation, keywords, abstract, ...), and brief appendix of up to 5 pages (figures and tables should be counted as part of the space occupied by the appendix).  
 Update:  More precisely, you can see your paper as a set of four bins:  
 front page (can only contain title, authors, affiliation, front matter, abstract, possibly the beginning of the introduction: its "bin capacity" is 1 page) 
  main text (can contain text, tables, figures, pseudocodes: its "bin capacity" is 12 pages) 
  bibliography pages (can only contain bibliographic references: its "bin capacity" is approximately 2 pages) 
  additional pages (may contain text, tables, figures: its "bin capacity" is 5 pages) 
  It is up to the authors to assign text, figures, tables, and other elements in such a way as to respect the bin capacities.  
  
 Authors are required to use the LaTeX style file supplied for the LIPIcs style  , without changing default values nor setting font size options in the "documentclass" statement. Final proceedings papers must be camera-ready in this format. We emphasize that a clearly marked Appendix of up to 5 pages, which will not count toward the 12 page submission limit, can be included and will be read at the referees' discretion. All submissions have to be made via the EasyChair submission page for the conference  .  
  
 Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work or surveys of important results. At the time the paper is submitted to SEA, and for the entire review period, the paper (or essentially the same paper) should not be under review by any other conference with published proceedings or by a scientific journal. At least one author of each accepted paper will be expected to attend the conference and present the paper. Specifically, no accepted paper will be published unless an author registers to participate in the conference.  
  
 Authors are strongly encouraged to include a link to the source code and/or datasets to increase confidence in the reproducibility of their experiments; the code may be read and/or executed at the referees' discretion.  
 Full papers must be submitted via EasyChair by January 29, 2024, AoE   February 10, 2024, AoE   
   
 Authors will be notified of acceptance status by March 15, 2024, AoE  March 27, 2024, AoE  

 Final version due: April 28, 2024, AoE   

 Final versions of accepted papers will be submitted to Dagstuhl's Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs). Details about the submission server will be communicated to corresponding authors of accepted papers.  

  Contact  
 Symposium on Experimental Algorithms  
   
  Kathrin Hanauer (local organizer)  
  Theory and Application of Algorithms  
  Fakultät für Informatik  
  Universität Wien  
  sea24.taa @  univie.ac.at   
   Page content   
 Topics of Interest 
  Proceedings 
  Submission Guidelines 

 We thank our sponsors:   

  Sitemap  |  Imprint  |  Accessibility  |  Data Protection Declaration  | Printable version   

  Sitemap  |  Imprint  |  Accessibility  |  Data Protection Declaration  | Printable version   

  