SEA 2025  
 23 rd  Symposium on Experimental Algorithms  
 Venice, Italy, July 22-24, 2025  

 Home 
   
  Call for papers 
  Program 
  Invited speakers 
  Committees 
  Registration 
   
  Venue 
  Excursion and Dinner 
   
  Workshop 
  Past SEAs 

 Call For Papers  
 SEA aims to attract papers from the Computer Science community, the Operations Research/Mathematical Programming community and any other scientific community that is concerned with the main theme of the symposium, namely the role of experimentation and of algorithm engineering techniques in the design and evaluation of algorithms and data structures.   
   
  Submissions should present significant contributions supported by experimental evaluation, methodological issues in the design and interpretation of experiments, the use of (meta-)heuristics, or application-driven case studies that deepen the understanding of the complexity of a problem.   
   
  Full papers must be submitted via EasyChair by: January 26th, 2025   
  Authors will be notified of acceptance status by: March 24th, 2025   
  Final version due: April 28th, 2025    

  Topics of interest  
 Contributions solicited cover a variety of topics including but not limited to:  Algorithm Engineering 
  Algorithmic Libraries and Software Repositories 
  Algorithmic Cryptography and Security 
  Algorithmic Natural Language Processing 
  Algorithmics for Databases 
  Analysis of Algorithms 
  Approximation Algorithms 
  Bioinformatics and Computational Biology 
  Branch-and-Bound Algorithms 
  Combinatorial Problems and Structures 
  Communication Networks 
  Computational Geometry 
  Computational Optimization 
  Compressed space algorithms and data structures 
  Data Structures 
  Distributed and Parallel Algorithms 
  Graph Algorithms 
  Heuristic Algorithms 
  Integer Programming 
  Logistics and Operations Management 
  Machine Learning and Data Mining 
  Mathematical Programming 
  Multiple Criteria Decision Making 
  Network Analysis 
  Online Problems 
  Randomized Algorithms 
  Semidefinite Programming 
  String Algorithms 
  Streaming and External Memory Algorithms 
   
  Best Paper Award  
 The program committee will identify a submission as the best paper.   
   
  Proceedings  
 The conference proceedings will be published in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), a series of high-quality conference proceedings across all fields in informatics established in cooperation with Schloss Dagstuhl Leibniz Center for Informatics. SEA Proceedings volumes are published according to the principle of OpenAccess, i.e., they are available online and free of charge.   
   
  Submission Guidelines  
 The authors should submit a paper not exceeding 12 pages, excluding the bibliography, the front page (title, keywords, abstract, ...), and a brief appendix of up to 5 pages (figures and tables should be counted as part of the space occupied by the appendix). This year, for the first time in SEA, all papers have to be anonymized  so author names and affiliations cannot be included (see Double-Blind Reviewing section). Non-anonymized papers will be desk-rejected.   
   
  More precisely, you can see your paper as a set of four bins  :  front page (can only contain title, front matter, abstract, possibly the beginning of the introduction: its "bin capacity" is 1 page) 
  main text (can contain text, tables, figures, pseudocodes: its "bin capacity" is 12 pages) 
  bibliography pages (can only contain bibliographic references: its "bin capacity" is approximately 2 pages) 
  additional pages (may contain text, tables, figures: its "bin capacity" is 5 pages) 
  It is up to the authors to assign text, figures, tables, and other elements in such a way as to respect the bin capacities.    
  
  Authors are required to use the LaTeX style file supplied for the LIPIcs style, without changing default values nor setting font size options in the "documentclass" statement ( click here  to access LIPICs instructions for authors and download the LaTex template  ). Final proceedings papers must be camera-ready in this format. We emphasize that a clearly marked Appendix of up to 5 pages, which will not count toward the 12 page submission limit, can be included and will be read at the referees' discretion. All submissions have to be made via the EasyChair  submission page for the conference ( click here  to access the submission page).   
   
  Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work or surveys of important results. At the time the paper is submitted to SEA, and for the entire review period, the paper (or essentially the same paper) should not be under review by any other conference with published proceedings or by a scientific journal. At least one author  of each accepted paper will be expected to attend the conference and present the paper. Specifically, no accepted paper will be published unless an author registers to participate in the conference.   
   
  Double-Blind Reviewing  
 SEA will implement a double-blind review process for the first time  . As such, submissions must not disclose the authors' identities in any way. In particular, names, affiliations, and email addresses must be excluded from the paper. Authors should reference their prior work in the third person (e.g., instead of writing "We build on our previous work...", they should write "This work builds on the research of..."). Authors should also take care of the anonymization of accompanying software and data. In particular, they cannot link software hosted on their own GitHub page, but they need to link it anonymously (for example, via DropBox). The authors can insert the public GitHub links back in the proceedings version of their papers.  
  Authors are free to share their ideas and drafts as they usually would. For instance, they can submit to repositories like arXiv or give talks on their research. If there are publicly accessible versions of the submission, authors may mention this in the submission (without including links or citations). Alternatively, they can inform the chairs, who will keep these details confidential unless sharing them is necessary for a fair review.  
   
  Double-blind reviewing aims to allow program committee members and external reviewers to evaluate the paper impartially, without bias. However, it's not intended to make determining the authors' identity impossible through investigation. Authors should not compromise the submission's quality or hinder the review process in the name of anonymity; thus, key references must not be omitted or anonymized  . Any authors with questions about the double-blind review process should contact the program committee chairs for clarification. All papers failing to meet anonymization requirements will be desk-rejected.   
   
  Large Language Models usage policy  
 Papers containing content generated by large language models (LLMs) such as ChatGPT or images created using deep generative models (DGMs) such as StableDiffusion are not allowed, except for:  
  Generating scientific plots displaying data that the authors obtained from experiments (for example: it is allowed to use an LLM for generating Python code that generates plots showing experimental results) 
  Polishing the text that the authors have personally written. 
  Despite using LLMs or DGMs, authors remain fully responsible for ensuring their submissions' accuracy, originality, and quality. We urge authors to maintain the integrity of the academic publishing process and avoid any actions that could be considered scientific misconduct, such as plagiarism and misrepresenting figures.  
   
  If a submission includes LLM-generated text or DGM-generated images, we require the authors to disclose this information to the Program Chairs at the moment of submitting the paper  , by checking a dedicated box on EasyChair (and providing details on how they used these models). If the Program Chairs should have concerns regarding potential scientific misconduct (which includes using such models and not declaring it, even for the allowed situations above listed), the submission may be subjected to checks for plagiarism or other violations. Any papers failing to meet these requirements will be desk-rejected, even after the review process.  
   
  Submission and deadlines  
  
  Full papers must be submitted via EasyChair by: January 26th, 2025   
  Authors will be notified of acceptance status by: March 24th, 2025   
  Final version due: April 28th, 2025    

  Final versions of accepted papers will be submitted to Dagstuhl's Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs). Details about the submission server will be communicated to corresponding authors of accepted papers.    
   
 Click here to contact us 
   
  