                                                                                Skip to content      
 DSD/SEAA 2025 Conference  

 Menu   About 
  News 
  DSD 2025 
  SEAA 2025 
  Contact 
  Archive | DSD 2024 | Keynotes 2024 
  Industrial 2024 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Venue and travel 
  SEAA 2024 | Call for Papers 
  Indexing 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Venue and travel 
  DSD/SEAA 2024 
  DSD/SEAA 2023 

 DSD 2024  

 27th Euromicro Conference Series on Digital System Design (DSD) 2024 will be held at Sorbonne University, Paris, France, from 28th to 30th of August 2024.   
 This edition will mark a milestone as we celebrate the 50th Anniversary  of Euromicro and Euromicro Conferences.   

 Call for Papers  
 The Euromicro Conference on Digital System Design (DSD) addresses all aspects of (embedded, pervasive and high-performance) digital and mixed HW/SW system development and covers the entire design process from specification to microarchitectures, digital circuits and VLSI implementations. It is a forum for researchers and engineers from academia and industry working on advanced research, development and applications. It focuses on the current and future challenges of: advanced embedded, high-performance and cyber-physical applications; system and processor architectures for embedded and high performance HW/SW systems; design methodology and design automation for all design levels of embedded, high performance and cyber-physical systems; modern implementation technologies ranging from full-custom circuits in nanometer technology nodes to FPGAs and MPSoC infrastructures. Authors are cordially invited to submit their work on (but not limited to) the topics of the main track of the conference. In addition, contributions to various special sessions (with dedicated coordinators and sub-program committees) on specific topics of special interest are welcome. All papers will be reviewed according to common guidelines, quality requirements and acceptance thresholds.  
 Main Topics  
 Artificial intelligence from edge to cloud: architectures, methods, tools and applications 
  Design and synthesis of systems, hardware and embedded software – specification, modelling, analysis, validation and testing 
  Design automation at system, processor, register-transfer, logic and physical levels 
  Formal methods in system and hardware design 
  IoT, cyber-physical, embedded systems and applications 
  Systems-on-a-chip, networks-on-a-chip and systems-in-a-package 
  High-performance, energy-efficient multi-core and many-core (heterogeneous) processor architectures. 
  Autonomous/adaptable/reconfigurable systems and architectures 
  Security, safety, reliability and multi-objective optimization of embedded and cyber-physical systems 
  Future trends, new applications and new technologies 
  Special sessions   
 AHSA: Architectures and Hardware for Security Applications | , | P. Kitsos (University of Peloponnese, GR), M. Novotny (CTU Prague, CZ) 
  ASHWPA: Advanced Systems for Health Wellness and Personal Monitoring | , | F | . | Leporati (U Pavia, IT), R. Stojanovic (U Montenegro, ME), E. Marenzi (U Pavia, IT) 
  DDVC: Digital Design and Verification with Chisel | , | M. Schoeberl (DTU, DK) 
  DTFT: Dependability, Testing and Fault Tolerance in Digital Systems | , | P. Fiser (CTU Prague, CZ), H. Kubátová (CTU in Prague, CZ) 
  EPDSD: European Projects in Digital Systems Design | , | L. Jozwiak (TU/e, NL), F. Leporati (U Pavia, IT), E. Torti (U Pavia, IT) 
  HIAAA: Hyperspectral Imaging Applications, Algorithms and Architectures | , | G. M. Callico (IUMA/ULPGC, ES), H. Fabelo (FIISC/IUMA/ULPGC, ES), S. Ortega (NOFIMA, NO) 
  HSTIEC: Hardware, Software, and Tools for the IoT-to-Edge-to-Cloud Continuum, | F. Aromolo (Scuola Superiore Sant’Anna, IT), D. Casini (Scuola Superiore Sant’Anna, IT), G. Rossolini (Scuola Superiore Sant’Anna, IT) 
  MATTERV : Opensource Methods, architectures, tools and technologies for RISC-V | , | S. | Pillement (U. Nantes, FR), K. Martin (U. Bretagne-Sud, FR) 
  SDSD: Sustainable Digital System Design | , | T. | Marty (Insa, Rennes, FR), T. Scheipel (Graz University of Technology, AT), M. Baunach (Graz University of Technology, AT) 
  SPCPS: Safety, Security and Privacy of Cyber-Physical Systems | , | S | . Dey (IIT Kharagpur, India), S. Park (TU Berlin, D), J. Sepúlveda (Airbus Defence and Space GmbH, D) 
  Important dates   
 Deadline for abstract submission: | 27th May 2024 (AoE) /firm/ 
  Deadline for full paper submission: | 05th May 2024 | 3rd | June 2024 (AoE) /firm/ 
  Notification of acceptance: | 12th June 2024 | 28th June 2024 | 01th July 2024 
  Camera ready papers: | 26th June 2024 | 11th July 2024 (AoE) 
  Submission guidelines  
 Authors are encouraged to submit their manuscripts via EasyChair web service at web page | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=dsd2024 | . Should an unexpected web access problem be encountered, please contact the Program Chairs Frédéric Pétrot ( | frederic.petrot@univ-grenoble-alpes.fr | ) and Tomasz Kryjak ( | tomasz.kryjak@agh.edu.pl | ) 
  Each manuscript should include the complete paper text, all illustrations, and references. The manuscript should conform to the IEEE format: single-spaced, double column, US letter page size, 10-point size Times Roman font, up to 8 pages. In order to conduct a blind review, no indication of the authors’ names should appear in the manuscript, references included. However, but authors should not hide previous work, instead, they need to make self-references in the third person. 
  IEEE Conference Publishing Services (CPS) will publish accepted papers in the conference proceedings and the proceedings will be submitted to the IEEE Xplore Digital library and indexing  services. 
  IEEE No-Show Policy  
 Please take note that IEEE has a strict policy on no-show. Therefore, if your paper is accepted, one of the authors and their representatives MUST PRESENT their paper at the conference. Papers with no-show participants without a valid reason will not be submitted to IEEE Xplore. No refund of the paid fees may be claimed by the no-show author.  
 Journal Publication  
  Authors of the selected best papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their research to the ISI indexed Euromicro/Elsevier journal ”Microprocessors and Microsystems: Embedded Hardware Design”  (MICPRO) which has an 2022 Impact Factor of 2.6 and Cite Score of 4.9.  
 Indexing  
 The proceedings of the DSD conference are indexed in the following databases:  
  
 IEEE Xplore (more…) 
  SCOPUS 
  Web of Science (WoS) 
  Microsoft Academic 
  Schematic Scholar 
  Google Scholar | Research Gate 
  SJRScimago Journal & Country Rank, 
  DBLB Computer Science Bibliography 
  Research.com 
  and other relevant database 

 Program  
 Will be announced later.   
 Registration  
 Early bird registration finish: 1st July 2024  
 Will be announced later.   
 Venue and travel  
 Sorbonne University, Paris, France.   
 More details will be announced later.   
  
 Committees  
 DSD Steering Committee:  
 Lech Jóźwiak ( | Eindhoven University of Technology | , NL) – Chairman 
  Paris Kitsos ( | University of Peloponnese | , GR) 
  Tomasz Kryjak ( | AGH University of Krakow | , PL) 
  Hana Kubatova ( | Czech Technical University in Prague | , CZ) 
  Francesco Leporati ( | University | of Pavia, IT) 
  José Silva Matos ( | University of | Porto, PT) 
  Smail Niar ( | Polytechnic University of Hauts de-France | , FR) 
  António Nuñez ( | University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, | ES) 
  Eugenio Villar ( | University of Cantabria | , ES) 
  DSD 2024 General Chairs:  
 Lilia Zaourar (CEA, FR) 
  Andrea Pinna (Sorbonne University, FR) 
  DSD 2024 Program Chairs:  
 Frédéric Pétrot | ( | Grenoble Alpes University | , FR) 
  Tomasz Kryjak | ( | AGH University of Krakow | , PL) 
  DSD 2024 Publication Chair:  
 Amund Skavhaug (Norwegian Institute of Science and Technology, NO) 
  DSD 2024 Publicity Chair:  
 João Canas Ferreira (Univeristy of Porto, PT) 
  DSD 2024 Finance Co-Chairs:  
 Francesco Leporati ( | University | of Pavia, IT) 
  Karl-Erwin Grosspietsch (Euromicro, DE) 
  DSD 2024 Technical Program Committee:  
 Status 18.05.2024  
 Ihsen Alouani (Queen’s university Belfast, UK) 
  Liliana Andrade (Universite Grenoble Alpes) 
  Federico Aromolo (Scuola Superiore Sant’Anna) 
  Mohamed Benazouz (CEA LIST DILS LISE) 
  Hadjer Benmeziane (IBM Zurich, Switzerland) 
  Jalil Boukhobza (ENSTA-Bretagne) 
  Fabien Bouquillon (Università degli studi di Modena e Reggio Emmilia) 
  Halima Bouzidi (Queen’s university Belfast, UK) 
  João Canas Ferreira (Univeristy of Porto) 
  José Cano (University of Glasgow) 
  Alessandro Capotondi (University of Modena and Reggio Emilia) 
  Pedro P. Carballo (University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) 
  Antonio Carlos Schneider Beck (Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul) 
  Daniel Casini (School of Advanced Studies Sant’Anna) 
  Tom Chen (Colorado State University) 
  Alessandro Cilardo (University of Naples Federico II) 
  Giovanni Danese (University of Pavia) 
  Karol Desnos (INSA Rennes) 
  Tiago Dias (Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Lisboa) 
  Rolf Drechsler (University of Bremen) 
  Miguel Figueroa (Universidad de Concepcion) 
  Petr Fišer (Czech Technical University in Prague) 
  Ghayoor Gillani (University of Twente) 
  Roberto Giorgi (University of Siena) 
  Ouarnoughi Hamza (Polytechnic University of Hauts de-France) 
  Roel Jordans (Eindhoven University of Technology) 
  Lech Jozwiak (Eindhoven University of Technology) 
  Ercan Kalali (Eindhoven University of Technology) 
  Oliver Keszocze (University of Erlangen–Nuremberg) 
  Paris Kitsos (University of Peloponnese) 
  Mateusz Komorkiewicz (IEEE: VTS Chapter) 
  Tomasz Kryjak (AGH University of Krakow) 
  Hana Kubatova (Czech Technical University in Prague) 
  José L. Abellán (University of Murcia) 
  Alexey Lastovetsky (University College Dublin) 
  Francesco Leporati (University of Pavia) 
  Alberto Marchisio (New York University) 
  Maurizio Martina (Polytechnic University of Turin) 
  Jose Matos (University of Porto) 
  Antonio Miele (Polytechnic University of Milan) 
  Sajid Mohamed (ITEC) 
  Sergey Mosin (Kazan Federal University) 
  Vojtech Mrazek (Brno University of Technology) 
  Nadia Nedjah (State University of Rio de Janeiro) 
  Smail Niar (Polytechnic University of Hauts de-France) 
  Antonio Nuñez (IUMA-ULPGC) 
  Arnaldo Oliveira (University of Aveiro) 
  Alex Orailoglu (University of California San Diego) 
  Ozcan Ozturk (Bilkent University) 
  Christian Pilato (Polytechnic University of Milan) 
  Thilo Pionteck (Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg) 
  Sai Manoj Pudukotai Dinakarrao (George Mason University) 
  Frédéric Pétrot (Grenoble Alpes University) 
  Yang Qu (Broadcom) 
  Davide Quaglia (University of Verona) 
  Alfonso Rodriguez (Technical University of Madrid) 
  Sepideh Safari (Institute for Research in Fundamental Sciences) 
  Mazen Saghir (American University of Beirut) 
  Tobias Scheipel (Graz University of Technology) 
  Jan Schmidt (Czech Technical University in Prague) 
  Nicolas Sklavos (University of Patras) 
  Radovan Stojanovic (University of Montenegro) 
  Emanuele Torti (University of Pavia) 
  Miroslav Velev (Aries Design Automation) 
  Eugenio Villar (University of Cantabria) 
  Chao Wang (University of Science and Technology of China) 
  Arda Yurdakul (Boğaziçi University) 
  Andrej Zemva (University of Ljubljana) 
    
 Feel free to contact us regarding any information or queries.    

 Search for:       
 Recent Posts  
 2025 DSD/SEAA Conference Call for Papers announced! 
  50th Anniversary Edition of DSD/SEAA 2024 Conference has been successfully completed! 
  Program of DSD & SEAA 2024 and WiP Proceedings Announced 
  General scheudle avaliable ! 
  DSD/SEAA 2024 Registration is now open !!! 
   
 Archives  
 November 2024 
  September 2024 
  August 2024 
  July 2024 
  June 2024 
  May 2024 
  April 2024 
  February 2024 
  December 2023 
  November 2023 
  February 2023 
   
 Categories  
 Conference News 

 Stay Tuned  

 Copyright © 2024 DSD/SEAA 2025 –  OnePress  theme by FameThemes   

  