Skip to main content    
     
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum Online 
  More IEEE Sites 

   2024 21st Annual IEEE International Conference on Sensing, Communication, and Networking   
 2–4 December 2024 // Phoenix, AZ, USA   

 Toggle navigation      Home 
  About 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Authors | Camera-ready instructions 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshop Papers 
  Program | Technical Sessions 
  Accepted Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Posters and demo 
  Tutorial 1: Machine Learning and Foundation Models for Sensing Applications 
  Tutorial 2: Hybrid Quantum-Classical Computing for Intelligent and Converged Networks 
  Registration | Event Conduct 
  Student Travel Grants 
  Hotel / Travel | Visa Letter Request 
  Patrons / Exhibitors 
   Search       

  Call for Papers  
   
 Submit a Paper   
   
 The 21th annual IEEE International Conference on Sensing, Communication and Networking (SECON) will provide a unique forum to exchange innovative research ideas, recent results, and share experiences among researchers and practitioners in wireless and mobile communication networks. The conference aims to serve as the reference exhibit for state-of-the-art research supported by implementation and insights gained on all scales of experimental systems, network architectures, components, and protocols.  
 Exploring beyond current sensing, communication, and networking paradigms, IEEE SECON is committed to fostering innovative interdisciplinary research work as its signature footprint in the contemporary research landscape. With a focus on pioneering endeavors that bridge traditional sensing and networking with emerging fields such as machine intelligence, data analytics, edge computing, and social networks, SECON invites contributions spanning a diverse array of topics. These may include but are not limited to rural connectivity, electromagnetic fields, biological communication networks, unexplored wireless frequencies, edge intelligence, social media data analysis, and advancements beyond 5G/6G networks. SECON welcomes submissions presenting original research, experimental findings, practical insights, and visionary outlooks across sensor networks, Internet of Things, mobile devices, and wireless communication. Particular topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 New communication paradigms, such as Terahertz communications, optical Wireless communications, visible light communication, acoustic communication, and uncharted wireless bands, reconfigurable intelligent surfaces 
  Cellular communications and data networks, including 5G, 6G and beyond 
  Molecular communication networks, networks of nano things and bio nano things 
  New platforms, techniques, and hardware designs for low-power, energy limited and battery-free sensing and communications 
  Internet of Things; cyber-physical systems, software defined and programmable networks 
  Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-based sensing/communications/networking 
  Communication and networking for AI and machine learning 
  Data analytics, AI, and machine learning for sensing, communication, and networking 
  Cloud, edge, and fog computing for sensing and inference 
  Time and location in sensing, communication, and networking 
  Fairness and socio-technical issues in sensing, communication, and networking 
  Security, privacy, and trustworthiness of mobile, wireless and sensor systems 
  Novel experimental testbeds for sensing and networking systems, measurement of sensing and networking systems 
  Deployment experiences in sensing, communication, and networking 
  Sensing, communication, and networking in challenging scenarios (e.g., in-body networks, underground, underwater, rural and low-income areas, space) 
  Resilience, dependability and sustainability of sensing systems (e.g. agriculture, industry, energy, transportation, water, and other smart infrastructural systems, autonomous driving, industrial internet, public safety systems, and smart cities) 
  Novel applications such as wearable computing, virtual/augmented reality, smart and connected communities, sensing and networking of social systems, and IoT/sensor applications using foundation models 
  Integrated sensing and communications (ISAC) 
  PAPER SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION   
 Papers should neither have been published elsewhere nor be currently under review at another venue. All papers for IEEE SECON 2024 must be submitted via the conference submission system. Each submission must be no longer than 9 pages (including all the figures, references, and appendices) and in font size of 10 points. Submissions that violate the formatting guidelines will be rejected without review.  
 All submitted papers will be judged based on their quality and relevance through double-blind reviewing, where the identities of the authors are withheld from the reviewers. As an author, you are required to preserve the anonymity of your submission, while at the same time allowing the reader to fully grasp the context of related past work, including your own. Common sense and careful writing will go a long way towards preserving anonymity. Papers that do not conform to our double-blind submission policies will be rejected without review.  
 Use the standard IEEE Transactions templates for Microsoft Word or LaTeX formats at https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html. If the paper is typeset in LaTeX, please use an unmodified version of the LaTeX template IEEEtran.cls version 1.8, and use the preamble:  
 \documentclass[10pt, conference, letterpaper]{IEEEtran}  
 Do not use additional LaTeX commands or packages to override and change the default typesetting choices in the template, including line spacing, font sizes, margins, space between the columns, and font types. This implies that the manuscript must use 10-point Times font, two-column formatting, as well as all default margins and line spacing requirements as dictated by the original version of IEEEtran.cls version 1.8. A smaller font size, up to 8pt, is allowed for reference pages. You can ignore any warning of the submission system for the reference pages.  
 If you are using Microsoft Word to format your paper, you should use an unmodified version of the Microsoft Word IEEE Transactions template (US letter size). Regardless of the source of your paper formatting, you must submit your paper in the Adobe PDF format.  
 The paper must print clearly and legibly, including all the figures, on standard black-and-white printers. Reviewers are not required to read your paper in color.  
 The organizers of IEEE SECON 2024 as well as our attendees expect accepted papers to be presented at the conference. IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore) if the paper is not presented at the conference.  
 Submit your papers via EDAS at:  
 https://edas.info/N32699   
  
 IMPORTANT DATES   
 Abstract Registration: 16 August 2024   23 August 2024  30 August 2024    
 Paper Submission: 23 August 2024  30 August 2024    
 Paper Acceptance Notification: 25 September 2024  October 18, 2024    
 Paper Camera Ready: November 4, 2024    

 Camera-ready instructions 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshop Papers 

 Patrons  

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms & Conditions  . A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  
  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies 

  