   

 Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 Best Paper Awards  
 The conference will have the following awards, which will be announced and bestowed at the conference closing session.  
  Best Paper Award 
  Best Student Paper Award 
  Best Poster Award 
  Best PhD Project Award 

  The author of an awarded paper, and co-authors if any, will be entitled to: A signed and stamped official award certificate; 
  The announcement of their achievement on a special conference webpage; 
  A one year free membership of INSTICC ( | http://www.insticc.org | ), warranting full access to the SCITEPRESS Digital Library. If already an INSTICC member, then this offer adds one year to her/his current membership. 
  A personal voucher for a free or reduced registration fee | * | in one event sponsored by INSTICC, valid during a 12-month period. This voucher is only available if the presenter attends the closing session and receives the award. 
  Only for best paper awards and best student paper awards:  The invitation to submit an extended and revised version of the paper, aiming for its publication in a book or a journal, if a post-publication agreement is available for this particular conference; 
   
  Selection Criteria   
  The awards will be conferred to the author(s) of a paper presented at the conference, selected by the Program/Conference/Doctoral Consortium Chairs. The decision criterion will consider both the paper quality (assessed by the Program Committee), and the oral presentation quality (feedback given by session chairs at the conference venue). As such, in order to enable a final ranking in a timely manner: Papers selected as candidates for best paper awards will be preferably presented in sessions on the first or second days of the conference. 
  Candidates to "Best Student Paper Award" and "Best PhD Project Award" should be presented by students, though in the case of "Best Student Paper Award” authors may include senior members. 
   
  *   Speakers are entitled to a 50% discount over the basic registration fee; non-speakers are entitled to a free registration.   

 © 2024  INSTICC    

   