SEFM 2024    
 22nd International Conference on  
  Software Engineering and Formal Methods    
  4-8 November 2024   
   
 SEFM 2024       Call for Papers  Program  Registration  Keynotes  Committees  Artifacts  Accepted papers  Workshops  Venue    

 Call for Papers  
  
 The 22nd edition of the International Conference on Software Engineering and Formal Methods will be held between 6 and 8 November 2024, with workshops taking place on 4 and 5 November 2024.  
 Important dates  
 Abstract submission: | 7 June 2024 | 28 June 2024 | (AoE) – Extended! 
  Paper submission: | 21 June 2024 | 28 June 2024 | (AoE) – Extended! 
  Artifact submission: 30 June 2024 (AOE) 
  Author notification: | 15 August 2024 | 22 August 2024 
  Workshops: 4-5 November 2024 
  Conference: 6-8 November 2024 
  Overview and Scope  
 The conference aims to bring together researchers and practitioners from academia, industry and government, to advance the state of the art in formal methods, to facilitate their uptake in the software industry, and to encourage their integration within practical software engineering methods and tools.  
 The topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following aspects of software engineering and formal methods.  
 Software Development Methods  
 Formal modelling, specification, and design 
  Software evolution, maintenance, re-engineering, and reuse 
  Design Principles  
 Programming languages 
  Domain-specific languages 
  Type theory 
  Abstraction and refinement 
  Software Testing, Validation, and Verification  
 Model checking, theorem proving, and decision procedures 
  Testing and runtime verification 
  Statistical and probabilistic analysis 
  Synthesis 
  Performance estimation and analysis of other non-functional properties 
  Other light-weight and scalable formal methods 
  Security and Safety  
 Security, privacy, and trust 
  Safety-critical, fault-tolerant, and secure systems 
  Software certification 
  Applications and Technology Transfer  
 Service-oriented and cloud computing systems, Internet of Things 
  Component, object, multi-agent and self-adaptive systems 
  Real-time, hybrid, and cyber-physical systems 
  Intelligent systems and machine learning 
  Quantum systems 
  HCI, interactive systems, and human error analysis 
  Education 
  Case studies, best practices, and experience reports  
 Paper submission  
 We solicit two categories of papers:  
 Regular papers | describing original research results, case studies, or surveys, should not exceed | 16 pages | (excluding bibliography of at most two pages). 
  Short papers | describing original research results or case studies, maybe in an incubation phase, should not exceed | 8 pages | (exculuding bibliography of at most one page). 
  Tool papers | that describe an operational tool and its contributions should not exceed | 8 pages | . 
  Papers must be formatted according to the guidelines for Springer LNCS papers  . All submissions must be original, unpublished, and not submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere.  
 Papers can be submitted through Easychair: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sefm24   
 Artifact Evaluation  
 Similar to last year, SEFM provides an artifact evaluation (AE). An artifact contains any necessary material to support the claims made in the paper and ideally makes the results fully reproducible. Submission of an artifact is optional for regular papers  and mandatory for tool papers  . The artifacts will be judged by the Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC). More details can be found on the artifact page  .  
 Publication  
 All accepted papers will appear in the proceedings of the conference that will be published as a volume in Springer’s LNCS series.  
 The authors of a selected subset of accepted papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to a special issue of the journal Software and Systems Modeling  (SoSyM).  
   
 Edit the content of this page here  .  

  © SEFM 2024 – Photo by Héctor Martínez  on Unsplash  – Code of Conduct   Back to top    
  
  