FSEN 2025   Mon 7 - Tue 8 April 2025 Västerås, Sweden    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Mälardalen University 
  Registration 
  Accommodations 
  Travelling 
  Tracks | FSEN 2025 
  Research Papers 
  Posters 
  Marjan Festschrift 
  Organization | FSEN 2025 Committees 
  General Chairs 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Program Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Track Committees 
  Posters 
  Marjan Festschrift 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
   Series 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 Strömsholms Castle  

 Mälardalen University  

 Västerås  

 Surahammar  

 Frozen Lake Mälaren  

 Västerås  

 Skybar  

 Västeråsfjärden  

 Home 
  Call for papers 
  FSEN 2025 - Fundamentals of Software Engineering  
   
 About FSEN   
 FSEN is an international conference that aims to bring together researchers, engineers, developers, and practitioners from academia and industry to present and discuss their research work in the area of formal methods for software engineering. This conference seeks to facilitate the transfer of experience, adaptation of methods, and where possible, foster collaboration among different groups. The topics of interest cover all aspects of formal methods, especially those related to advancing the application of formal methods in the software industry and promoting their integration with practical engineering techniques. Following the success of the previous FSEN editions ( https://fsen.ir/  ), the next edition of the FSEN conference will take place in Västerås, Sweden, 2025.  

 Keynotes  
   Tilte  
 Işıl Dillig   

    Tilte  
 Alexander Serebrenik   

    Title  
 Marielle Stoelinga   

 Research Papers: Call for papers  
 View track page for all details   
 Authors are invited to submit full papers (up to 15 pages excluding references) describing original research, applications and tools; or short papers (up to 6 pages excluding references) describing ongoing research or new ideas that have not yet been fully validated. Both categories of papers must be submitted electronically in PDF using the online submission process via the Easychair conference system at the following link: https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=fsen2025  .  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  
  
 Models of programs and systems 
  Software specification, validation and verification 
  Software architectures and their description languages 
  Object and multi-agent systems 
  Coordination and feature interaction 
  Integration of formal and informal methods 
  Integration of different formal methods 
  Component-based development 
  Service-oriented development 
  Model checking and theorem proving 
  Software and hardware verification 
  CASE tools and tool integration 
  Applications to industrial cases 

  Contributions must be written in English, should be formatted according to the Springer LNCS style (LaTeX2e Proceedings Templates) that can be found here and not exceed the page limit for the category (including figures and references).  
 Each submission will be thoroughly reviewed by at least three reviewers considering scientific originality, significance, relevance to the FSEN conference, technical soundness, clarity, self-containedness and discussion of appropriate related work.  
 The reviewers will be asked to rate the submissions and evaluate whether they can be accepted as: full paper or short paper for the LNCS proceedings.  
  The authors of the poster papers will only present their papers at the conference.  
 Papers accepted in the first 2 categories will be invited for presentation at the conference. Posters will be illustrated by the authors in separate poster sessions.  
 Submissions are required to report on original, unpublished work and should not be submitted simultaneously for publication elsewhere (cf. IFIP’s Author Code of Conduct).  
 Proceedings   
 The post-proceedings of FSEN 2025 will be published by Springer Verlag in the LNCS series. Following the tradition of FSEN, we plan to have a special issue of the Science of Computer Programming journal devoted to FSEN 2025 (to be confirmed). After the conference a selection of papers will be invited for this special issue. The invited papers should be extended and will undergo a new round of review by an international program committee. Please see the websites of previous editions of FSEN for more information on post-proceedings and special issues related to those editions.  
 Note from Springer: Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines and use their proceedings templates for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  

 Important Dates  up till Tue 8 Apr 2025     

 Sun 15 Dec 2024     
  Posters  Poster Submission 
 Mon 13 Jan 2025     
  Research Papers  Camera-ready Submission 
 Sat 25 Jan 2025     
  Posters  Notification 
 Mon 7 - Tue 8 Apr 2025     
  Research Papers  Conference Dates 
 Mon 2 Dec 2024     
  Research Papers  Notification 
 All important dates 

  FSEN 2025 Tracks   
   
 Research Papers  | Posters  | Marjan Festschrift    

 Supporters   

 In Cooperation 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 13:48    

  FSEN 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Research Papers   
  Posters   
  Marjan Festschrift    

 Attending  
 Venue: Mälardalen University   
  Registration   
  Accommodations   
  Travelling    
 Sign Up    

  