    
   Homepage 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees | Organization 
  Technical Program Committee 
  PC Self Nomination 
  Program 
  Sponsors 

 2025 ACM SenSys Call for Papers  
 ACM SenSys 2025 will mark the inaugural combined event, merging SenSys, IPSN, and IoTDI, forming the single premier conference in the area of Embedded Artificial Intelligence and Sensing Systems. Due to time required for institutional approvals, this year’s SenSys will retain the current name (Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems) and will be collocated with CPS-IoT Week 2025. All accepted papers this year will be published in the ACM SenSys proceedings.   
 SenSys 2025 invites groundbreaking research contributions on networked sensor systems, embedded systems, mobile computing, the Internet of Things (IoT), wireless communications, signal processing, machine learning, cyber-physical systems, and AI-driven applications. This newly merged premier conference unifies the strengths of SenSys, IoTDI, and IPSN, bringing together researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to discuss innovative advances in sensing, artificial intelligence, and systems that enable future embedded computing environments.  
   
 Topics of Interest:  
 We invite submissions on a broad range of topics that have been covered by SenSys, IPSN, and IoTDI, and new emerging topics of interest. The topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 1. Sensors and Networked Sensing Systems   
 Novel sensor technologies and deployments 
  Heterogeneous sensor networks and data fusion 
  Edge computing, fog computing, and real-time IoT/CPS systems 
  Localization, synchronization, RFID, and RF sensing 
  VLC and visible light-based sensing 
  Digital twins for real-world systems and applications 
   
 2. Platforms, Networking, and Communication Protocols   
 New communication paradigms for ubiquitous connectivity 
  Systems for extreme environments (e.g., underwater, aerial, space) 
  Low-power wireless protocols 
  Novel IoT protocols and network abstractions, including for 5G/6G and other architectures 
  Satellite systems and applications, including CubeSats 
   
 3. Embedded AI, Information Processing, and Machine Learning   
 Resource-efficient machine learning for embedded and mobile platforms 
  Information processing in sensor networks and embedded systems 
  Large foundational models and their distillation to edge platforms 
  Large language models and multi-modal large models for embedded systems 
  Federated learning, neural architecture search for edge devices 
  Collaborative sensing with AI-driven inference models 
   
 4. Algorithms, Data, and Theory   
 Analytic foundations for embedded sensing systems 
  Data related issues, such as methods, tools, and analysis 
  Coding, compression, and information theory 
  Theoretical foundations and fundamental bounds 
   
 5. Applications and Real-world Deployments   
 Smart cities, smart buildings, and industrial IoT (IIoT) 
  AR/VR and metaverse-inspired challenges 
  Autonomous vehicles, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), and drones 
  Applications in healthcare, fitness, and wellness 
  Personal, wearable, and other human-centric embedded systems 
  Experiences from real-world deployments and lessons learned 
   
 6. Security, and Privacy in Embedded Sensing Systems   
 Secure and privacy-sensitive sensing systems 
  IoT data marketplaces, compression, and semantic summarization 
  Decentralization and blockchain for embedded sensing systems 
  Secure communications for the IoT 
  Fault-tolerance, dependability, and robustness in embedded platforms and applications 
  Fairness, equity, and transparency issues in IoT and CPS 
   
 7. Novel Paradigms and Architectures for Embedded Sensing Systems   
 Energy-efficient, sustainable system designs 
  Edge AI and its implications for system latency, power, and complexity 
  Human-machine interaction, including gesture recognition and voice-based systems 
  IoT and CPS for sustainability, such as smart grids and energy management 
   
 8. Visions, Experiences, Tools, Datasets, and Benchmarks (Optional Short Paper Format)   
 Visions, grand challenges, or new directions 
  Experiences, insights, challenges, and lessons learned from real-world deployments 
  Benchmarks for evaluating systems, models, algorithms, or tools 
  Tools, toolkits, or frameworks that advance research in embedded AI and sensing systems 
  Datasets that support research in embedded AI and sensing systems 
   
 Authors submitting papers in the 8th category (Visions, Experiences, Tools, Datasets, and Benchmarks) may choose to submit either as a full paper (12 pages) or a short paper (6 pages). Short papers will be evaluated based on the originality of their ideas, potential impact, and clarity of presentation, even without extensive evaluations. Similar to full papers, accepted short papers will be presented orally at the conference.   
   
 Submission Guidelines:  
 Submitted papers must be unpublished and must not be currently under review for any other publication. Submissions must be at most 12 (full papers) or 6 (short papers) single-spaced 8.5” x 11” pages  with 10-pt font size (override default font of 9-pt) in two-column format, including figures and tables.  As for references, submissions may include as many pages as needed. All submissions must use the LaTeX (preferred) or Word styles found here  . LaTeX submissions should use the acmart.cls template (sigconf option), with the 10-pt font (override default font of 9-pt). Authors must make a good faith effort to anonymize their submissions. Although submission is double-blind, existence or availability of non-anonymous preprints (on arXiv or other preprint servers) will not lead to your paper being rejected. Reviewers will be instructed not to actively look for such preprints, but encountering them will not constitute a conflict of interest. Papers that do not meet the size, formatting, and anonymization requirements will not be reviewed. We require each paper to be in Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) and submitted through the conference submission system.  
   
  Papers that describe experiments on human subjects, or that analyze nonpublic data derived from human subjects (even anonymized data), should briefly describe how the research protocol addresses ethical considerations and whether their work was vetted by an ethics review (e.g., IRB approval). We expect authors to follow the rules of their host institutions around data collection and experiments with human subjects. Accepted submissions will be available on the ACM digital library and presented in person at the conference.   
 SenSys 2025 Conference Submission System   
   
 Important Dates:  
 Abstract Registration:  November 7, 2024 23:59 AoE  November 14, 2024 23:59 AoE  
 Paper Submission Deadline:  November 14, 2024 23:59 AoE  
 Acceptance Notification:  January 21, 2025  

 © ACM SenSys 2025: The 23rd ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems  
  Template by Xiaoying Riley     
  
  