  Skip to content  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 
    
 Sign In 

  Contact Us      
  
 Planning Basics 
  Organize an Event 
  Let CEE Help 
  IEEE Conferences Committee 
  Find a Conference 
  About 
    
 Planning Basics   | IEEE Conference Publications      

 Planning Basics 
  Organize an Event 
  Let CEE Help 
  IEEE Conferences Committee 
  Find a Conference 
  About 
  IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

 IEEE Conference Publications  

 Many IEEE conferences provide technology professionals with opportunities to share, collaborate, and gain recognition for their work through publication in the IEEE Xplore  ® Digital Library. IEEE’s Conference Publications Program (CPP) facilitates the acquisition of conference proceedings and post-conference distribution of content.  

 Learn the Guidelines  

 Conferences are eligible to participate in CPP upon approval of their IEEE sponsorship application. For conferences interested in participating in CPP, identifying a publications chair is an essential first step. The process for acquisition of conference proceedings tracks across the life-cycle of the conference. As always, CEE is here to help organizers successfully move through that process to ensure proceedings are IEEE Xplore  ®-ready.  

 IEEE Conference Publications Start Here  

 Update to IEEE’s Publications Services and Products Manual  , (page 90, Section 8.1.10D, page 93 Section 8.2.1.A.3)  

 Conference Publications Chair Role    

 Conference Publications Chair Overview  
  Understand the chair’s role in preparing conference proceedings for publication in IEEE Xplore®  and find helpful resources  

 Getting Approval    

 Getting Approval  
  Apply to the Conference Publications Program and you will receive a Letter of Acquisition (LOA)  

 Setting Paper Submission Guidelines    

 Setting Paper Submissions Guidelines  
  Employ conference publishing templates, establish non-presented paper guidelines, and communicate indexing expectations  

 Text on the button    

 Preparing Papers and Checking for Plagiarism  
  Obtain IEEE Xplore  ®-compatible PDFs from authors using PDF eXpress and check for plagiarism with Crosscheck  

 Text on the button    

 Collecting Copyright  
  Obtain transfer of copyright using the Electronic Copyright Form (eCF)  

 Text on the button    

 Submitting Proceedings to IEEE Xplore  ®  
  Learn how to properly prepare your packing list and format your materials for submission to IEEE Xplore®  after your conference  

 Text on the button    

 Hiring a Publication Vendor  
  Explore IEEE’s fee-based publication vendors that can help you prepare IEEE Xplore  ®-compliant conference content  

 Text on the button    

 Publishing Information for IEEE Conference Authors  
  Find helpful information for authors on copyrights, templates, PDF eXpress, the IEEE Conference Search, IEEE Xplore  ®, and Indexers  

 Resources & Tools  

 Looking for a specific document, template, or form?  
  Quickly find what you need in our searchable downloads repository.  

 Find Your Materials    

 Application  
 Apply for IEEE sponsorship and check the status of your application.  
 View Application   

 Resource Library  
 Find forms, templates, tools and links that you’ll need throughout the planning process.  
 Search Collection   

 Connect With Us  
 +1 855 340 4333 (US & CANADA)  
  +1 732 562 3878 (WORLDWIDE)  
  events@ieee.org   
 Send Message   

 Additional Info  
 IEEE Conferences Committee   
  Sponsor Requirements   
  Contacts   

 Home 
  Contact 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Terms & Disclosures 
  © Copyright 2024 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

 ×    

 Safeguard your next event  
 To download the template, kindly complete the following form.  
 First Name (required)     
   
 Last Name (required)     

 Your Email (required)     
   
 IEEE Event, Society, or Region (required)     

  I have read and agree to the IEEE Privacy Policy.       

  