   
 SETTA 2023  
 Symposium on Dependable Software Engineering  
 Theories, Tools and Applications  
 Nanjing, China, Nov. 27-29, 2023  
   
 Home   
  CfP   
  Organization   
  Registration   
  Keynotes/Program   
  Attending   

 CALL FOR PAPERS   
 BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES   
 The Symposium on Dependable Software Engineering: Theories, Tools and Applications (SETTA) 2023 will be held in Nanjing on November 27-29, 2023.  
 Formal methods emerged as an important area in computer science and software engineering about half a century ago. An international community has formed researching, developing and teaching formal theories, techniques and tools for software modeling, specification, design and verification. However, the impact of formal methods on the quality and improvement of software systems is, in practice, lagging behind. This is for instance reflected by the challenges in applying formal techniques and tools to engineering large-scale systems such as Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), Internet-of-Things (IoT), Enterprise Systems, Cloud-Based Systems, and so forth.  
 The purpose of the SETTA symposium is to bring international researchers together to exchange research results and ideas on bridging the gap between formal methods and software engineering. SETTA will show research interests and results from different groups so as to initiate interest-driven research collaboration. It is aiming at academic excellence and its objective is to become a flagship conference on formal software engineering in China.  
 To achieve these goals and contribute to the sustainability of the formal methods research, it is important for the symposium to attract young researchers into the community. Thus, this symposium particularly encourages the participation of young researchers and students.  
 Authors are invited to submit papers on original research, industrial applications, or position papers proposing challenges in fundamental research and technology. The latter two types of submissions are expected to contribute to the development of formal methods and applications thereof in software engineering. This is done by either substantiating the advantages of integrating formal methods into the development cycle or through delineating the need for research by demonstrating weaknesses of existing technologies, especially when addressing new application domains.  
 All submissions must be in the PDF format. Papers should be written in English. Submitted papers must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere.  
   
 TOPICS   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Requirements specification and analysis 
  Formalisms for modeling, design and implementation 
  Model checking, theorem proving, and decision procedures 
  Scalable approaches to formal system analysis 
  Formal approaches to simulation, run-time verification, and testing 
  Integration of formal methods into software engineering practice 
  Contract-based engineering of components, systems, and systems of systems 
  Formal and engineering aspects of software evolution and maintenance 
  Parallel and multicore programming 
  Embedded, real-time, hybrid, probabilistic, and cyber-physical systems 
  Mixed-critical applications and systems 
  Formal aspects of service-oriented and cloud computing 
  Safety, reliability, robustness, and fault-tolerance 
  Dependability of smart software and systems 
  Empirical analysis techniques and integration with formal methods 
  Applications and industrial experience reports 
  Software tools to assist the construction or analysis of software systems 

 RESEARCH PAPERS TRACK   
 Research papers will be published in the SETTA 2023 proceedings as a volume in Springer's LNCS series. Papers should be submitted electronically through the EasyChair submission website     ( https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=setta2023  ). A selection of papers will be invited to special issues of the Elsevier Journal of Systems Architecture (JSA) and Software Testing, Verification & Reliability (STVR).  
 Important dates (AoE)  

 Abstract submission:   
 Aug. 17, 2023  Aug. 21, 2023    
   
 Paper submission:   
 Aug. 24, 2023  Aug. 28, 2023    
   
 Notification to authors:   
 Oct. 5, 2023    
   
 Camera-ready version:   
 Oct. 17, 2023    
   
 IMPORTANT:    
 Abstract submission is not mandatory, but that full papers must be in by Aug 28 AoE.    

 Submission Guidelines  
 All submissions must be in PDF format and should be written in English. Submissions can take the form of either regular or short papers. Regular papers should not exceed 17 pages (excluding references) in LNCS format. Short papers can discuss an ongoing research at an early design stage, including PhD projects. Short papers should not exceed 6 pages (excluding references) in LNCS format. All submitted papers should be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere. All accepted papers will have to be presented at the conference by one of their authors. Extended version of selected papers will be recommended to special issues of Journal of System Architecture (JSA) and of Software Testing, Verification & Reliability (STVR) after the proceeding of the conference.  
  
 Springer's author instructions for LNCS series' articles can be found on overleaf  . Finally, the attention of contributing authors in drawn on the code of conduct of the publisher  .  
   
 CONTACT   
 All questions about submissions should be sent to setta2023 at easychair.  

 Last updated: Friday, 24 November 2023  Copyright © 2023 ISCAS    
   
  