   
 SETTA 2024  
 Symposium on Dependable Software Engineering  
 Theories, Tools and Applications  
 Hong Kong, China, Nov. 26-28, 2024  
   
 Home   
  CfP   
  Organization   
  Registration   
  Participation   
  Keynotes/Program   

 CALL FOR PAPERS   
 RESEARCH PAPERS TRACK   
 Research papers will be published in the SETTA 2024 proceedings as a volume in Springer's LNCS series. Papers should not exceed 16 pages (excluding references) in LNCS format. Springer's author instructions for LNCS series' articles can be found on overleaf  . Papers should be submitted electronically through the submission website (https://setta2024.hotcrp.com/).  
 Important dates (AoE)  

 Abstract submission:   
 Aug. 16, 2024     
   
 Paper submission:   
 Aug. 23, 2024  Aug. 28, 2024       
   
 Notification to authors:   
 Sep. 30, 2024    
   
 Camera-ready version:   
 Oct. 10, 2024    
   
 IMPORTANT:    
 Abstract submission is not mandatory, but that full papers must be in by Aug 28 AoE.    

 BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES   
 The 10th International Symposium on Dependable Software Engineering: Theories, Tools and Applications (SETTA 2024), will be held in Hong Kong, China in Nov. 26-28, 2024.  
 Formal methods emerged as an important area in computer science and software engineering about half a century ago. An international community has formed researching, developing and teaching formal theories, techniques and tools for software modeling, specification, design and verification. However, the impact of formal methods on the quality and improvement of software systems is, in practice, lagging behind. This is for instance reflected by the challenges in applying formal techniques and tools to engineering large-scale systems such as Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), Internet-of-Things (IoT), Enterprise Systems, Cloud-Based Systems, and so forth.  
 The purpose of the SETTA symposium is to bring international researchers together to exchange research results and ideas on bridging the gap between formal methods and software engineering. SETTA will show research interests and results from different groups so as to initiate interest-driven research collaboration. It is aiming at academic excellence and its objective is to become a flagship conference on formal software engineering in China.  
 To achieve these goals and contribute to the sustainability of the formal methods research, it is important for the symposium to attract young researchers into the community. Thus, this symposium particularly encourages the participation of young researchers and students.  
 Authors are invited to submit papers on original research, industrial applications, or position papers proposing challenges in fundamental research and technology. The latter two types of submissions are expected to contribute to the development of formal methods and applications thereof in software engineering. This is done by either substantiating the advantages of integrating formal methods into the development cycle or through delineating the need for research by demonstrating weaknesses of existing technologies, especially when addressing new application domains.  
 All submissions must be in the PDF format. Papers should be written in English. Submitted papers must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere. The review process is single-blind. All accepted papers will have to be presented at the conference by one of their authors. Extended version of selected papers will be recommended to special issues of a reputable journal (TBA) after the proceeding of the conference.  
   
 TOPICS   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Requirements specification and analysis 
  Formalisms for modeling, design and implementation 
  Model checking, theorem proving, and decision procedures 
  Scalable approaches to formal system analysis 
  Formal approaches to simulation, run-time verification, and testing 
  Integration of formal methods into software engineering practice 
  Contract-based engineering of components, systems, and systems of systems 
  Formal and engineering aspects of software evolution and maintenance 
  Parallel and multicore programming 
  Embedded, real-time, hybrid, probabilistic, and cyber-physical systems 
  Mixed-critical applications and systems 
  Formal aspects of service-oriented and cloud computing 
  Safety, reliability, robustness, and fault-tolerance 
  Dependability of smart software and systems 
  Empirical analysis techniques and integration with formal methods 
  Applications and industrial experience reports 
  Software tools to assist the construction or analysis of software systems 

 Copyright © 2024 SETTA | Images from Unsplash  | Last updated: Tuesday, 20 August 2024    

  