   
  
 Call For Papers  
 The ACM SIGCOMM 2025 conference seeks papers describing significant research contributions or significant deployment experiences in communication networks and networked systems. SIGCOMM takes a broad view of networking which includes (but is not limited to):  
  
  All types of computer networks, including mobile, wide-area, data center, embedded, home, and enterprise networks. 
  All types of wired and wireless technologies, including optics, radio, acoustic, and visible light-based communication. 
  All aspects of networks and networked systems, such as network architecture, packet-switched and circuit-switched hardware and software, virtualization, mobility, resource management, performance, energy consumption and environmental impact, topology, robustness, security, diagnosis, verification, privacy, economics, evolution, and interactions with applications. 
  All parts of the network life cycle, including planning, designing, building, operating, troubleshooting, migrations, and end-of-life. 
  All approaches and techniques, including theory, analysis, experimentation, and AI/machine learning. 
   
  SIGCOMM 2025 will accept submissions in two  tracks: research and experience.  
  
  Strong research track  submissions will significantly advance the state of the art in networking by, for instance, proposing and developing novel ideas or by rigorously evaluating or re-evaluating existing ideas. Strong experience track  submissions will present key insights found in the course of executing deployments of networking techniques, especially in settings that most in the community cannot duplicate (for instance, for reasons of scale). Survey  and tutorial  papers are out of scope.  
  
  All submissions must be anonymous  , i.e., not reveal author names. Experience submissions, however, may reveal the name of the deploying organization or the deployed system. All authors must be listed in HotCRP before the submission deadline so that reviewer conflicts are handled properly.  
  
  At paper registration time, authors must explicitly choose in the submission form whether their paper is to be considered for the research, or experience track. Each submission will only be considered for the one track identified at submission time.  
  Submissions  
   
 Submissions should be in two-column, 10-point format, and can be up to 12 pages in length with as many additional pages as necessary for references and optional appendices.  
  
  Submissions and final papers may include appendices (following references, not counting against the 12 pages). Reviewers are not required to read appendices or consider them in their review. Authors should thus ensure that the core paper is complete and self-contained. For example, if the appendix provides details of a proof or experiment, the body should summarize the key result. Appendices may also include non-traditional material, such as videos, datasets, and code, all appropriately anonymized.  
  
  Accepted papers may be shepherded by a member of the program committee to ensure reviewer feedback is appropriately addressed. The shepherd will also review appendices and must approve their necessity.  
  
  SIGCOMM 2025 plans to be an in-person event, and the authors of every accepted paper are expected to arrange for an in-person attendee to present the paper and answer questions.  
  
  For accepted papers, the official publication date is the earlier among (1) the first day of the SIGCOMM conference or (2) the day that the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library or posted online at SIGCOMM.org. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference and may affect the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
  
  Detailed submission instructions can be found on the SIGCOMM 2025 website.  
  
  Submission site: https://sigcomm25.hotcrp.com   
  Non-paper Sessions  
   
 We are continuing the tradition of “non-paper” sessions created in 2024. Non-paper sessions bring together a group of speakers to present on topics relevant to the SIGCOMM community that are not research or experience papers. Topics may include (but are not limited to) discussions of the research process, networking education and teaching, mentorship, history of networking, or outreach to members of the broader networking community not normally included within the SIGCOMM conference. Non-paper sessions will be selected from submissions of short proposals, the details of which will be on the SIGCOMM 2025 website.  
  New this year  
   
 SIGCOMM shorts:  A small number of the submissions will be invited to present a “lightning” talk at SIGCOMM’25 and a shorter version of the submission which will be included in the conference proceedings (up to two pages excluding references and appendices). The goal of SIGCOMM shorts is to provide a venue for submissions that could not be accepted in their larger form but nevertheless were considered to be promising by the program committee. At submission time, authors may explicitly indicate if their submission can be considered as a short. SIGCOMM “shorts” will not be considered conference publications, and as such conference-length papers that overlap with the content in a “short” can be submitted to other conferences. Please consult the ACM SIGCOMM policy  on considerations for reviewing extended papers.  
  
  One-shot revision:  A small number of submissions may be invited to a one-shot revision. Such a revision decision includes a summary of the paper's merits and a list of necessary changes that are required for the paper to be accepted at SIGCOMM. Authors will be given a deadline (approximately 1.5 months after the revision request is issued) to submit a version of their work addressing all revision instructions. This process will be managed by a shepherd selected by the PC. The authors will be invited to resubmit a revised manuscript that addresses the referees’ comments. Upon resubmission, authors are encouraged to provide a point-by-point rebuttal to the points raised by the referees, a version of the manuscript in which changes are suitably marked, and a list of changes made to the manuscript. In the rebuttal to the referees, authors should be succinct, yet thorough. The revised paper will be reviewed to judge whether it addresses all of the requested revision requirements. This review will be conducted, to the extent possible, by the same reviewers as earlier. To enable this, PC members who give one-shot-revision decisions are obligated to participate in the revision process. Revised papers can only receive a decision of accept or reject; this is what makes the revisions "one-shot."  
  
  A revise-and-resubmit decision is not a guarantee for eventual acceptance. While revised papers that satisfy the revision instructions are expected to be accepted, they can be rejected if the revision instructions have not been fully addressed or if the revised version unveils new significant concerns that were not discovered during the earlier reviews.  
  
  During the revision period, the paper is still considered under review to SIGCOMM and therefore cannot be submitted to other conferences unless the authors first withdraw it from consideration.  
  Ethics and Policy  
   
 All papers must include, in the main body of the paper, a statement or subsection about ethical issues raised by the work. In limited cases this could simply be a sentence disclaiming ethical issues, but work involving human subjects or potentially sensitive data (e.g., user traffic, social network information, censorship evasion) must clearly discuss the relevant issues. Papers that do not include an ethics statement may be rejected.  
  
  Papers must follow basic precepts of ethical research and subscribe to community norms. Misrepresentation, plagiarism, and coercion and abuse related to authorship or review are unacceptable at SIGCOMM. Works must also show respect for norms around privacy, secure storage of sensitive data, voluntary and informed consent for human subjects and users who might be placed at risk, avoiding deceptive practices when not essential, beneficence (maximizing the benefits to an individual or to society while minimizing potential harm to an individual), and risk mitigation. Authors may want to consult the Menlo Report  and the ACM ethics policy  for further information on ethical principles, and they may find the Allman/Paxson paper in IMC 2007  helpful for a perspective on ethical data sharing.  
  
  Authors should also consult ACM Publications Policies  and ACM Policy on Authorship  , especially those around Authors; Plagiarism, Misrepresentation, and Falsification; Research Involving Human Subjects; Prior Publication and Simultaneous Submissions; Coercion and Abuse; and the use of Generative AI in papers. Carefully review the following statements:  
 “By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new | Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects | . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.” 
  “Please ensure that you and your co-authors | obtain an ORCID ID | , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a | commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors | . We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.” 
   
  Many organizations have an ethics review process, sometimes called an Institutional Review Board (IRB), and in many projects, IRB involvement is appropriate. IRB approval of research is an important factor and should be mentioned, but the program committee will independently evaluate the ethical soundness of the work just as they evaluate its technical soundness.  
  
  The Program Committee takes a broad view of what constitutes an ethical concern, and the PC chairs may reach out to authors during the review process if questions arise.  
  Artifact Evaluation for Accepted Papers  
   
 The authors of accepted SIGCOMM 2025 papers will be invited to submit supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. Artifact Evaluation is run by a separate committee that will assess how well the submitted artifacts support the work described in the accepted papers. Participation in Artifact Evaluation is voluntary and has no influence on paper acceptance, but it is strongly encouraged. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive badges printed on the papers themselves. Additional details on the Artifact Evaluation process can be found on the SIGCOMM 2025 website.  
  Important Dates  

 Abstract registration deadline | Friday January 24, 2025 23:59 UTC 
 Paper submission deadline | Friday January 31, 2025 23:59 UTC 
 Review results’ notification | Tuesday April 29, 2025 
 One-shot revision deadline | Friday June 27, 2025 
 Revision results’ notification | Friday July 11, 2025 
 Camera-ready deadline | (To be announced) 
 Conference | September 8 – 11, 2025 

  Contact the PC Chairs 

  