Skip to content      
       
  Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Special Sessions | Call For Papers: Natural Language in Human Robot Interaction (NLiHRI) 
  Key Dates 
  Keynotes 
  Program | Programme at a Glance 
  Conference Proceedings 
  Best Papers 
  Accepted Papers List 
  YRRSDS 
  Attending | Registration 
  Instructions for Participants 
  Instructions for Physical Attendees | Getting Around 
  WiFi Instructions 
  Traveling Information 
  Hotel / Accommodation 
  Dietary Requirements 
  Venue 
  Organizers 
  sigdial.org 

 SIGDIAL 2022   
  September 7, 2022 -  September 9, 2022   
   
  Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, UK   
 The SIGDIAL venue provides a regular forum for the presentation of cutting edge research in discourse and dialogue to both academic and industry researchers. Continuing a series of 21 successful previous meetings, this conference spans the research interest areas of discourse and dialogue. The conference is sponsored by the SIGdial organization, which serves as the Special Interest Group in discourse and dialogue for both ACL and ISCA.  
 Registration  Programme    

 Call for Papers  
 The 23rd Annual Meeting of the Special Interest Group on Discourse and Dialogue (SIGDIAL 2022) will be held as a hybrid conference  at Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh and online between September 7-9, 2022.  
 The SIGDIAL venue provides a regular forum for the presentation of cutting edge research in dialogue and discourse to both academic and industry researchers. Continuing a series of 22 successful previous meetings, this conference spans the research interest areas of discourse and dialogue. The conference is sponsored by the SIGdial organization, which serves as the Special Interest Group in discourse and dialogue for both ACL and ISCA.  
  Topics of Interest  
 We welcome formal, corpus-based, implementation, experimental, or analytical work on discourse and dialogue including, but not restricted to, the following themes:  
 Discourse Processing | Rhetorical and coherence relations, discourse parsing and discourse connectives. Reference resolution. Event representation and causality in narrative. Argument mining. Quality and style in text. Cross-lingual discourse analysis. Discourse issues in applications such as machine translation, text summarization, essay grading, question answering and information retrieval. 
  Dialogue Systems | Open domain, task oriented dialogue, and chat systems. Knowledge graphs and dialogue. Dialogue state tracking and policy learning. Social and emotional intelligence. Dialogue issues in virtual reality and human-robot interaction. Entrainment, alignment and priming. Generation for dialogue. Style, voice, and personality. Spoken, multi-modal, embedded, situated, and text/web based dialogue systems, their components, evaluation and applications. 
  Corpora, Tools and Methodology | Corpus-based and experimental work on discourse and dialogue, including supporting topics such as annotation tools and schemes, crowdsourcing, evaluation methodology and corpora. 
  Pragmatic and/or Semantic Modeling | Pragmatics or semantics of discourse and dialogue (i.e., beyond a single sentence), e.g., rational speech act, conversation acts, intentions, conversational implicature, presuppositions. 
  Applications of Dialogue and Discourse Processing Technology 
   Submissions  
 The program committee welcomes the submission of long papers, short papers, and demo descriptions. Papers submitted as long papers may be accepted as long papers for oral presentation or long papers for poster presentation. Accepted short papers will be presented as posters.  
 Long paper submissions | must describe substantial, original, completed and unpublished work. Wherever appropriate, concrete evaluation and analysis should be included. Long papers must be no longer than 8 pages, including title, text, figures and tables. An unlimited number of pages is allowed for references. Additional pages are allowed for appendices containing supplementary material, such as sample discourses/dialogues and algorithms. An extra page is allowed in the final version to address reviewers’ comments. 
  Short paper submissions | must describe original and unpublished work. Please note that a short paper is not a shortened long paper. Instead short papers should have a point that can be made in a few pages, such as a small, focused contribution; a negative result; or an interesting application nugget. Short papers should be no longer than 4 pages including title, text, figures and tables. An unlimited number of pages is allowed for references. Additional pages are allowed for appendices containing supplementary material, such as sample discourses/dialogues and algorithms. An extra page is allowed in the final version to address reviewers’ comments. 
  Demo descriptions | should be no longer than four pages including title, text, examples, figures, tables and references. A separate one-page document should be provided to the program co-chairs for demo descriptions, specifying furniture and equipment needed for the demo. 
  Authors are encouraged to also submit additional accompanying materials, such as corpora (or corpus examples), demo code, videos and sound files.  
 Multiple Submissions   
 SIGDIAL 2022 cannot accept work for publication or presentation that will be (or has been) published elsewhere and that have been or will be submitted to other meetings or publications whose review periods overlap with that of SIGDIAL.  
 Any questions regarding submissions can be sent to: sigdial2022pcs _at_ googlegroups.com  
 Blind Review   
 Building on previous years’ move to anonymous long and short paper submissions, SIGDIAL 2022 will follow the ACL policies for preserving the integrity of double blind review (see author guidelines  ). Unlike long and short papers, demo descriptions will not be anonymous. Demo descriptions should include the authors’ names and affiliations, and self-references are allowed.  
 Submission Format   
 All long, short, and demonstration submissions must follow the two-column ACL format, which are available as an Overleaf template  and also downloadable directly  (Latex and Word)  
 Submissions must conform to the official ACL style guidelines, which are contained in these templates. Submissions must be electronic, in PDF format.  
 Submission Link and Deadline   
 SIGDIAL will accept regular submissions through the softconf system, as well as commitment of already reviewed papers through the ACL Rolling Review (ARR) system.  
 Regular submission:  
 Authors have to fill in the submission form in the START system  and upload an initial pdf of their papers before May 11, 2022 (23:59 GMT-11).   
 For special session long and short papers please select the session for “Submission Type”.  
 Commitment via ACL Rolling Review (ARR)  :  
 Please refer to the ARR Call for Papers  for detailed information about submission guidelines to ARR. The commitment deadline for SIGDIAL 2022 ( deadline for authors to submit their reviewed papers, reviews, and meta-review to SIGDIAL 2022  ) is June 18, 2022. Note that the paper needs to be fully reviewed by ARR in order to make a commitment, thus the latest date for ARR submission will be April 15, 2022  .  
 UPDATE:  SIGDIAL will now accept ARR paper commitments on 18th June with partial or full reviews, for papers that were submitted to ARR on April 15th or before.  
 Mentoring   
 Acceptable submissions that require language (English) or organizational assistance will be flagged for mentoring, and accepted with a recommendation to revise with the help of a mentor. An experienced mentor who has previously published in the SIGDIAL venue will then help the authors of these flagged papers prepare their submissions for publication.  
  Best Paper Awards   
 In order to recognize significant advancements in dialogue/discourse science and technology, SIGDIAL 2022 will include best paper awards. All papers at the conference are eligible for the best paper awards. A selection committee consisting of prominent researchers in the fields of interest will select the recipients of the awards.  
  Important Dates  
 Apr 15, 2022: ACL Rolling Review (ARR)  Deadline   
 May 11, 2022 (anywhere on Earth): Regular Paper Deadline ( initial submissions (title, abstract. authors, draft pdf)  )  [the title, authors, and abstract cannot be changed]    
 May 19, 2022 (anywhere on Earth): Regular Paper Deadline ( final submissions (final pdf)  )   
 July 2, 2022: Paper notification   
 July 24, 2022: Camera ready papers deadline  

 Tweets by sigdial    

 © Copyright 2024 Corporate Event  | Developed by: WPEventPartners   
  Powered by WordPress    

  