    Home 
  Submit | Call for Full Papers 
  Call for Low Resource Environments 
  Call for Workshops 
   Important Dates 
  SIGIR Pre-print/arXiv Policy 
  SIGIR In-presence Policy 
  Child Care 
  Sponsorship 
  Organizers | Organization Chairs 
  Scientific Chairs 
  Venue 
  Child Care 
  About Padua 
  Policies | SIGIR Pre-print/arXiv Policy 
  SIGIR In-presence Policy 
  ACM Policy on Authorship 
  ACM Policy on the Use of Artificial Intelligence 
  ACM Policy on Plagiarism, Misrepresentation, and Falsification 
  ACM Inappropriate Content Policy 
  ACM Policy Against Harassment 
  ACM Privacy Policy 

 Call for Full Papers  
   
 In Brief  
 The annual SIGIR conference is the major international forum for the presentation of new research results, and the demonstration of new systems and techniques, in the broad field of information retrieval (IR). The 48th ACM SIGIR conference, will be run as an in-person conference from July 13th to 18th, 2025 in Padua, Italy. For the full paper call, we welcome high-impact original papers with contributions related to any aspect of information retrieval and access, including theories, foundations, algorithms, evaluation, analysis, and applications. Please note CFPs for other paper tracks, as well as workshops, tutorials, doctoral consortium, industry day, and other SIGIR 2025 venues will be released separately.  
 Important Dates for Full Papers  
 Deadlines time zone: Anywhere on Earth (AoE)  
 Full paper abstracts due: January 16, 2025 
  Full papers due: January 23, 2025 
  Full paper notifications: March 28, 2025 
   
 Full paper authors are required to submit an abstract by midnight January 16, 2025 AoE. Paper submission (deadline: midnight January 23, 2025 AoE) is not possible without a submitted abstract. We recommend authors waiting for notification from other conferences should submit an abstract, even if they do not ultimately submit a paper. Immediately after the abstract deadline, PC Chairs will desk reject submissions that lack informative titles and abstracts ("placeholder abstracts").  
 Submission Guidelines  
 See this brief checklist  to strengthen an IR paper, for authors and reviewers.  
 Full research papers must describe original work that has not been previously published, not accepted for publication elsewhere, and not simultaneously submitted or currently under review in another journal or conference (including the other tracks of SIGIR 2025).  
 Submissions of full research papers must be in English, in PDF format, and be at most 9 pages in length  (including figures, tables, proofs, appendixes, acknowledgments, and any content except references), with unrestricted space for references  , in the current ACM two-column conference format. Suitable LaTeX, Word, and Overleaf  templates are available from the ACM Website  (use sigconf  proceedings template for LaTeX and the Interim Template for Word). ACM’s CCS concepts and keywords are required for review.  
 For LaTeX, the following should be used:  
 documentclass[sigconf,natbib=true,anonymous=true]{acmart}   
 Submissions must be anonymous and should be submitted electronically via EasyChair:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigir2025   
 by selecting the “SIGIR 2025 Full Papers”  track.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register for SIGIR 2025, and the author(s) or their delegate(s) must present the work at the conference in person  .  
 Anonymity and Pre-Print/ArXiv Policy  
 The full paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information; citations or discussion of your own prior work should be written up in third person form. It is acceptable to refer to companies or organizations that provided datasets, hosted experiments or deployed solutions if reviewers can not infer that the authors are currently affiliated with these organizations. You can submit, to SIGIR 2025, papers that you have posted to pre-print/archival platforms (e.g. arXiv), or plan to post in the future, after submission. However, your paper must conform to the SIGIR 2025 Pre-Print/ArXiv Policy  . Breaking anonymity or pre-print/ArXiv policy puts the submission at risk of being desk rejected.  
 In-Person Attendance Policy  
 SIGIR 2025 is an in-person conference. Despite the challenges it may pose, we believe that an in-person conference is more beneficial in terms of direct engagement and networking opportunities, more dynamic exchange of research ideas, and welcoming and nurturing newcomers.  
 All accepted papers (including all tracks) to the main conference and workshops are expected to be presented in-person. We anticipate that at least one author from each accepted paper will attend the conference in person to deliver the paper and address audience questions during the Q&A session. No pre-recorded videos will be accepted. More information at the SIGIR 2025 In-presence Policy  page.  
 Child Care Service  
 SIGIR 2025 promotes inclusion and attendance also by organizing a child care service, in order to foster work-family balance by offering congress attendees the opportunity to attend events with their children.  
 Children from 0 to 12 years of age are welcomed in a specially set up room inside Padua Congress Center throughout the duration of the congress. A colorful, “warm”, safe and welcoming environment, in the same structure that hosts the congresses, a protected place where parents can leave their children, but at the same time stay in touch with them during the breaks of the different sessions.  
 The nursery space dedicated to the 0-3 age group, equipped with a changing table and other facilities dedicated to the little ones, is next to the kids’ area for children over 3 years old and a cinema room for screenings.  
 The activities are run by a company specialized in education services with expert staff, appointed by Padua Congress Center, and include thematic workshops - from painting to creative activities - as well as playtime also in the open air, in the facility's outdoor spaces. Children are also offered lunch.  
 The service is available - for a fee (depending on sponsors) - to all SIGIR 2025 attendees who request it. For more information and updates, check out the SIGIR 2025 Child Care  page.  
 Authorship Policy  
 Authors should carefully go through ACM’s authorship policy  before submitting a paper. Please ensure that all authors are clearly identified in EasyChair before the submission deadline. To support the identification of reviewers with conflicts of interest, the full author list must be specified at abstract submission time. No changes to authorship, under any circumstances, will be permitted after the abstract submission deadline or for the camera-ready submission. So please, make sure you have listed authors correctly at abstract submission time.  
 Use of AI  
 All submissions must comply with the ACM policy on the use of Artificial Intelligence  .  
 Desk Rejection Policy  
 Submissions that violate the anonymity, pre-print policy  , length, or formatting requirements, or are determined to violate ACM’s policies on academic dishonesty  , including plagiarism, author misrepresentation, falsification, etc., are subject to desk rejection by the chairs. Any of the following may result in desk rejection:  
 Figures, tables, proofs, appendixes, acknowledgements, or any other content after page 9 of the submission. 
  Formatting not in line with the guidelines provided above. 
  Authors or authors’ institutional affiliations clearly named or easily discoverable. 
  Links to source code repositories that reveal author identities, or links to extended versions of the current paper. It is recommended to hold these for the final published version and | submit source code for artifact review | . If you need to shared anonymous code, you may use anonymous git repositories, such as | https://anonymous.4open.science/ | . 
  Change of authors after the abstract submission deadline. 
  Content that has been determined to have been copied from other sources. 
  Any form of academic fraud or dishonesty. 
  Lack of topical fit for SIGIR. 
   
 Relevant Areas  
 Relevant areas are (but not limited to):  
 Search and Ranking.  Research on core IR algorithmic topics, such as:  
 Queries and query analysis 
  Web search 
  Retrieval models and ranking 
  Theoretical models and foundations of information retrieval and access 
   
 System, Efficiency and Scalability.  Research on search system aspects that relate to the efficiency of the system and/or its scalability, such as:  
 Efficient and scalable indexing, crawling, compression, search, and more 
  Energy efficiency and green computing for IR 
  Search engine architecture, distributed search, metasearch, peer-to-peer search, search in the cloud, edge IR 
   
 Recommender Systems.  Research focusing on recommender systems, rich content representations and content analysis for recommendation, such as:  
 Filtering and recommendation 
  Cross-domain recommendation, socially-aware and context-aware recommender systems, multi-stakeholder recommendations 
  Novel approaches to recommendation, including voice, VR/AR, etc. 
  Other theoretical models and foundations of recommender systems 
   
 Machine Learning for IR.  Research bridging ML and IR, such as:  
 Deep learning for IR 
  Reinforcement learning for IR 
  Generative IR 
  Click models and learning from interactions 
  New classification and clustering methods for IR 
   
 Natural Language Processing for IR.  Research bridging NLP and IR, such as:  
 Representation learning for IR 
  Large Language Models for IR 
  Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) 
  Question Answering 
   
 Conversational IR and Intelligent Agents.  Research focusing on developing intelligent IR systems that can understand and respond to users' natural language queries and provide relevant information or recommendations through interactive conversations:  
 End-to-end conversational IR models and optimization 
  Session based search or recommendation, user engagement 
  Conversational question answer, conversational IR for tasks, dialog systems, spoken language interfaces, intelligent chat systems 
  Intelligent personal assistants and agents 
   
 Humans and Interfaces.  Research into user-centric aspects of IR including user interfaces, behavior modeling, privacy, interactive systems, such as:  
 User studies, qualitative and quantitative 
  User interfaces and visualization 
  Social and collaborative search 
  User modeling 
   
 Datasets, Benchmarks, and Evaluation.  Research that focuses on the measurement and evaluation of IR systems, such as:  
 Benchmarks and test collections 
  User-centered evaluation 
  New methods for building data sets 
  Online evaluation 
  Session-based evaluation 
  Simulation for evaluation 
  Metrics 
  Evaluation methodology 
   
 Fairness, Accountability, Transparency, Ethics, and Explainability (FATE) in IR.  Research on aspects of FATE and bias in search systems and related applications:  
 Fairness, accountability, transparency and explainability 
  Ethics, economics, and politics 
   
 Multi Modal IR.  Theoretical, algorithmic or novel practical solutions addressing problems across the domain of multimedia and IR, such as:  
 Multimedia search and retrieval (e.g., image search, video search, speech and audio search, music search) 
  Maps and spatial search 
   
 Domain-specific Applications.  Research focusing on domain-specific IR challenges, such as:  
 Local and mobile search 
  Social search 
  Search in structured data 
  Education 
  Legal 
  Health 
  Other applications and domains 
   
 Other IR Topics.  Any IR Research that does not fall into any of the areas above. For example, but not limited to:  
 Explicit semantics 
  Information Extraction 
  Knowledge acquisition and representation 
  Document representation and content analysis 
  Information security 
   
 AUTHORS PLEASE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 Program Chairs  
 sigir2025-pc@dei.unipd.it   Omar Alonso  , Amazon  , USA   

   Andrew Trotman  , University of Otago  , New Zealand   

   Suzan Verberne  , Leiden University  , The Netherlands   

 Twitter 
  LinkedIn 
  Youtube 
      
 © SIGIR 2025 
  Contact: | sigir2025-info@dei.unipd.it 
  Design: | HTML5 UP 

  