 
 32nd ACM SIGSPATIAL  
  International Conference on Advances  
  in Geographic Information Systems  
  (ACM SIGSPATIAL 2024)  
  Tuesday October 29 - Friday November 1, 2024  
  Atlanta, GA, USA 

 Home 
  Participation 
  Program 
  Submissions 
  Camera Ready 
  Workshops 
  GISCUP 
  SRC 
  Organizers 
  DEI 
    
 CFP 
  Call for TSAS Posters (New!) 

 Important Dates   
 Abstract Submission 
  Friday, | May 24th | May 31st, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  Paper Submission 
  Friday, | May 31st | June 7th, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  Preliminary Feedback 
  Friday, July 26th, 2024 
  Author Response 
  Friday, August 2nd | Sunday, August 4th, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  Notification of Accept/Reject: 
  Friday, August 23rd, 2024 
  Camera-ready 
  Friday, September 13th, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  Chairs   
 General Chairs 
  Mario Nascimento 
  Li Xiong 
  Andreas Züfle 
   Program Committee Chairs 
  Peer Kröger 
  Ahmed Eldawy 
  Yao-Yi Chiang 
  Follow Us on Twitter   
 @SIGSPATIAL_GIS 
  Corporate Sponsors   
 Platinum 
    Bronze 
      QUANTUM  
  GEOMETRY LLC       
  Publisher Sponsors   
 Bronze | 32nd ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems  
 ACM SIGSPATIAL 2024  
 October 29- November 1, 2024  
  Atlanta, Georgia, USA  
 Contact Email: sigspatial2024@easychair.org   

 The ACM Publications Board has recently updated the ACM Authorship Policy. Please read and comply to the updated policy  before finalizing your submission.   
 Important Dates:  
 Abstract Submission: | Friday, | May 24th | May 31st, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  Paper Submission: | Friday, | May 31st | June 7th, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  Preliminary Feedback: | Friday, July 26th, 2024 
  Author Response: | Friday, August 2nd, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  Notification of Accept/Reject: | Friday, August 23rd, 2024 
  Camera-ready: | Friday, September 13th, 2024 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
  The ACM SIGSPATIAL  International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems 2024 (ACM SIGSPATIAL 2024)  , the thirty-second edition, will be held in Atlanta, Georgia, in October 2024  . The conference began as a series of symposia and workshops starting in 1993 with the aim of bringing together researchers, developers, users, and practitioners in relation to novel systems based on geospatial data and knowledge, and fostering interdisciplinary discussions and research in all aspects of geographic information systems. The conference provides a forum for original research contributions covering all conceptual, design, and implementation aspects of geospatial data ranging from applications, user interfaces, and visualization to data storage and query processing and indexing. The conference is the premier annual event of the ACM Special Interest Group on Spatial Information (ACM SIGSPATIAL). Researchers, students, and practitioners are invited to submit their contributions to ACM SIGSPATIAL 2024.  
 Spatial Intelligence | Autonomous Vehicles 
  Geospatial Computer Vision Applications 
  Geospatial AI Infrastructure 
  Intelligent Transportation 
  Location Business Intelligence 
  Personalized Geospatial Recommendation Systems 
  Smart Cities 
  Spatial Knowledge Graphs 
  Spatial Big Data | Spatial Analysis and Integration 
  Spatial Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery 
  Spatial Data Quality and Uncertainty 
  Spatial OLAP, and Decision Support 
  Spatial Query Processing and Optimization 
  Spatio-Temporal Data Analysis 
  Spatio-Temporal Data Management 
  Spatio-Temporal Disease Spread Modeling 
  Visual Languages and Querying 
  Spatial GIS | Cartography and Geodesy 
  Computational Geometry 
  Computer Graphics Applications 
  Earth Observation 
  Photogrammetry 
  Spatial Pervasive Computing | Contact Tracing 
  Location-Based Services 
  Mobile Systems and Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks 
  Object Tracking and RFIDs 
  Spatio-Temporal Sensor Networks 
  Traffic Telematics 
  Spatial Search | Distributed and Parallel Algorithms 
  Geographic Information Retrieval 
  Human Computer Interaction and Visualization 
  Similarity Searching 
  Spatial Data Structures and Algorithms 
  Spatial Information and Society 
  Spatial Modeling and Reasoning 
  Spatio-Textual Searching 
  Spatial Systems | Geospatial Architectures and Middleware 
  GPU and Novel Hardware Solutions 
  Location Privacy, Data Sharing and Security 
  Performance Evaluation 
  Spatio-Temporal Stream Processing 
  Standardization and Interoperability 
  Paper Format  
 Manuscripts should be submitted in PDF format and formatted using the ACM camera-ready templates available at http://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  . SIGSPATIAL uses the Conference Proceedings Primary Article template with two-column format. Alterations to the template, especially to gain more space, will be grounds for administrative rejection without further technical review. Submissions to ACM SIGSPATIAL are single-blind -- i.e., the names and affiliations of the authors should be listed in the submitted version. The author list is considered to be final after the submission deadline and no changes to the author list are allowed for accepted papers.   
 All papers should be submitted through EasyChair using the following link:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigspatial2024   
 Research, Systems and Industrial Experience Papers  
 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research papers that are not being considered for publication in any other forum. In addition to regular research papers, authors are invited to submit systems papers, which focus on novel system architectures and software applications, and industrial experience papers, which describe original industrial experiences, challenges, and practical applications. For these papers, authors should append “(Systems Paper) ” or “(Industrial Paper)” to the title, respectively. Submissions are limited to 10 pages (excluding references), with up to 2 additional pages after the references to be used for appendices. References do not count towards the page limit. Submissions that do not follow the page limit requirements will be administratively rejected without any technical reviews. Based on the evaluations from the reviewers, the Program Committee may recommend that certain papers are accepted as 4-page (including references) poster papers for poster presentation. Both full and poster papers will appear in the conference proceedings. All those page numbers are based on the ACM two-column conference proceedings template.  
 Vision Papers  
 Authors are invited to submit papers describing a visionary proposition foreseeing future directions and compelling research opportunities for the SIGSPATIAL community. Vision papers will be evaluated and selected on their potential of expanding current SIGSPATIAL research agenda by defining new research topics and problems with transformative-impact potential. Authors should not be bound by existing technologies or datasets, but rather look further ahead exploring out-of-box (blue sky) thinking, paradigm change, and quantum leap in knowledge. For instance, papers from 10-20 years ago foreseeing and proposing eco-routing and ride-sharing (and all the technical challenges they would bring) would have been “visionary”, as would papers today presenting opportunities for possibly transdisciplinary work expanding SIGSPATIAL’s research horizon on impactful issues such as quantum computing, climate change, spatial aspects of responsible computing research, and spatial data science for societal good. Papers proposing slightly better solutions to well-studied problems (or variations thereof) with known solutions are not relevant and should not be submitted to this track. Submissions to the Vision Paper track should follow the same formatting as regular papers but are limited to 4 pages (including references) and “(Vision Paper)” should be appended to its title. Accepted vision papers will appear in the conference proceedings, and pending confirmation, the best submission(s), will be eligible for partial travel grants.  
 Demonstration Papers  
 Authors are invited to submit demo papers describing original systems for demonstration presentation at the conference. Submissions are limited to 4 pages (including references) and “(Demo Paper)” should be appended to the title. Accepted demo papers will appear in the conference proceedings.  
 Data and Resources Track  
 The vast majority of research work done by SIGSPATIAL's community requires experimentation using suitable datasets. Even though some data portals have been created, most datasets are often found after ad-hoc searches, and may not be well documented. Researchers often also resort to creating and using their own synthetic datasets which are often not published, neither the datasets themselves nor how they were and/or could be (re)generated. This year, we are having the "Dataset and Resources” track at SIGSPATIAL aiming at mitigating those issues by soliciting papers which make spatial data and related resources available and explorable. Papers submitted to this track should describe the datasets in detail, and/or the process to (re)generate them. Submissions are even more valuable if they show how their data can be combined with other open data (e.g. weather, pollution, etc) for potentially solving richer and/or new problems. Thus we also encourage submissions from communities outside ACM SIGSPATIAL that can impact core SIGSPATIAL problems in a new way. Papers submitted to this track should not only describe in detail the datasets, and/or the processes to (re)generate them, but also what are their context and possibly related problems. In order for this initiative to be effective it is necessary that the described datasets and/or generators are (and remain) openly available in a publicly accessible repository, e.g., GitHub. Submitted papers should have “(Data and Resources Paper)” added to their titles, must be no longer than 4 pages (including references) and, if accepted, they will be presented as posters at SIGSPATIAL 2024.  
 ACM Policy on Authorship  
 Authors should review and follow the ACM Policy on Authorship  which includes guidelines on the use of generative AI software tools  for manuscript writing. In particular, the authors are responsible for all the submitted manuscripts and they should disclose the use of AI software tools in the paper.  
 ACM Policy on Conflict of Interest  
 As part of the submission, you will be asked to mark your conflict-of-interest with the Program Committee members. Authors should review the Conflict of Interest Policy for ACM Publications  to decide if there is a conflict of interest. In summary, the following is a non-comprehensive list of examples of COI:  
 All PhD advisors/advisees regardless of the graduation date. 
  All current co-workers or a co-worker in the past 24 months. A co-worker is a person working at the same institution as one of the authors whether or not they actively collaborate | 1 | . 
  Any co-author of a research paper in the last 24 months regardless of whether the paper was peer-reviewed or not, e.g., white papers or arXiv papers also count | 2 | . 
  A research collaborator in the past 24 months whether or not this collaboration resulted in a publication. 
  Close friends or relatives. 
  When in doubt, please reach out to the Program Committee Chairs or mark the potential conflicts on the submission website and add a note on why you think they could be marked as such. The Program Committee Chairs will review them and decide how to use that information. PC Chairs reserve the right to desk-reject a paper without review if COIs are not marked appropriately.  
 1  Short-terms affiliations such as a summer internship does not result in an institutional COI with all co-workers. However, the mentor and other collaborators are still marked.  
 2  Community papers that have a large number of authors and do not stem from a specific research project do not constitute a COI, e.g. the reports titled "Towards Mobility Data Science" and "Diversity and Inclusion Activities in Database Conferences: A 2021 Report" do not by themselves result in a COI.  
 Note on EasyChair: EasyChair does not have a mechanism to mark that there are no COI on a paper. If you confirm that there are not conflicts, then you do not need to submit the COI form.  
 Registration and Presentation  
 Each accepted research, systems, industrial experience, demonstration, data & resources, or vision paper must have a paid author registration (i.e., an author cannot pay a single registration for more than one paper) and one author must attend the conference in person to present the accepted submission. Otherwise, the accepted submission will not appear in the conference proceedings or in the ACM Digital Library version of the conference proceedings.  
 Workshop Proposals  
 One-day and half-day workshops will be held on the first day of the conference. Workshop proposals are to be submitted in PDF format to the Workshops Chairs (call for proposals to be posted). The proceedings of the workshops will appear in the ACM Digital Library. All proposers and organizers of accepted workshops must register for the workshop or the workshop will be canceled.  
 ACM SIGSPATIAL Student Research Competition  
 The ACM Student Research Competition (SRC) offers a unique forum for undergraduate and graduate students to present their original research before a panel of judges and attendees.  
 Programming Contest  
 The ACM SIGSPATIAL CUP 2024, with prizes, is a geospatial-focused algorithm competition in which submissions are to address a specific task proposed by the organizers. 

 ACM SIGSPATIAL 2024   
 Photo Credits    

  