 
 26th ACM SIGSPATIAL  
  International Conference on Advances  
  in Geographic Information Systems  
  (ACM SIGSPATIAL 2018)  
  Tuesday November 6 - Friday November 9, 2018  
  Seattle, Washington, USA 

 Home 
  Organizers 
  Submissions 
  Participants 
  Travel/Hotel 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Workshops 
  GISCUP 
  SRC 
    
 Call for Papers 
  Camera-Ready Instructions 
  Accepted Papers 
  Poster Instructions 
  Awards 

 Important Dates   
 Abstract Submission 
  June 5, 2018 (11:59PM (PDT), | firm deadline | ) 
  Full Paper Submission 
  June 12, 2018 (11:59PM (PDT), | firm deadline | ) 
  Preliminary Reviews 
  July 27, 2018 
  Author Responses 
  August 1, 2018 
  Notification of Acceptance 
  August 23, 2018 
  Chairs   
 General Chairs 
  Farnoush Banaei-Kashani 
  Erik Hoel 
   Program Committee Chairs 
  Ralf Hartmut Güting 
  Roberto Tamassia 
  Li Xiong 
  Follow Us   
         
 Corporate Sponsors   
                       
 Publisher Sponsors   
     
 Institutional Funding | 26th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems  
  (ACM SIGSPATIAL 2018)  
 Call for Research, Industrial, Systems,  
  Demonstration, and Vision Papers  
 Dates: November 6-9, 2018  
  Seattle, Washington, USA  

 http://sigspatial2018.sigspatial.org   
 (Download as PDF  )  

 Paper Submission Site:  https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=acmsigspatialgis18   
 Note:   Vision papers will be reviewed by senior PC members; as such, we have introduced two tracks in EasyChair:  
 Research, Systems, Industrial Experience, and Demo Papers 
  Vision Papers 
  When submitting a paper, the author will be first asked to which track they want to submit their paper.  
 Abstract Submission:  June 5, 2018 (11:59PM (PDT), firm deadline   )   
 Paper Submission:  June 12, 2018 (11:59PM (PDT), firm deadline   )   
 Preliminary Reviews Available:  July 27, 2018   
 Author Responses:  August 1, 2018   
 Acceptance Notification:  August 23, 2018   
 The ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems 2018 (ACM SIGSPATIAL 2018) is the twenty sixth event in a series of symposia and workshops that began in 1993 with the aim of bringing together researchers, developers, users, and practitioners in relation to novel systems based on geo-spatial data and knowledge, and fostering interdisciplinary discussions and research in all aspects of geographic information systems. The conference provides a forum for original research contributions covering all conceptual, design, and implementation aspects of geospatial data ranging from applications, user interfaces, and visualization to data storage and query processing and indexing. The conference is the premier annual event of the ACM Special Interest Group on Spatial Information (ACM SIGSPATIAL). Researchers, students, and practitioners are invited to submit their contributions to ACM SIGSPATIAL 2018. This year the conference is going to have firm submission deadlines  , ending the previous tradition of deadline extensions.  
 Suggested Geospatial-related topics include but are not limited to the following:  
 Cartography and Geodesy 
  Computational Geometry 
  Computer Graphics Applications 
  Computer Vision Applications 
  Distributed and Parallel Algorithms 
  Earth Observation 
  Geographic Information Retrieval 
  Geospatial Architectures and Middleware 
  GPU and Novel Hardware Solutions 
  Human Computer Interaction and Visualization 
  Image and Video Understanding 
  Location-Based Services 
  Location Privacy, Data Sharing and Security 
  Mobile Systems and Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks 
  Object Tracking and RFIDs 
  Performance Evaluation 
  Photogrammetry 
  Similarity Searching 
  Spatial Analysis and Integration 
  Spatial and Spatio-Temporal Data Acquisition 
  Spatio-Temporal Data Analysis 
  Spatial Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery 
  Spatial Data Quality and Uncertainty 
  Spatial Data Structures and Algorithms 
  Spatial Data Warehousing, OLAP, and Decision Support 
  Spatial Information and Society 
  Spatial Modeling and Reasoning 
  Spatial Query Processing and Optimization 
  Spatio-Temporal Data Management 
  Spatio-Temporal Sensor Networks 
  Spatio-Temporal Stream Processing 
  Spatio-Textual Searching 
  Standardization and Interoperability 
  Storage and Indexing 
  Traffic Telematics 
  Transportation 
  Urban and Environmental Planning 
  Visual Languages and Querying 
  Web and Real-Time Applications 
  Paper Format  
 Manuscripts should be submitted in PDF format and formatted using the ACM camera-ready templates available at http://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  . It is important that previous related work (especially appearing in prior editions of the ACM SIGSPATIAL Conference and the ACM SIGSPATIAL workshops/symposia) be appropriately cited. All submissions will be refereed for quality originality, and relevance by the Program Committee. Accepted papers will be considered for “Best Paper Award.”  
 Research, Systems and Industrial Experience Papers  
 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research papers that are not being considered for publication in any other forum. In addition to regular research papers, authors are invited to submit systems papers, which focus on novel system architectures and software applications, and industrial experience papers, which describe original industrial experiences, challenges, and practical applications. For these papers, authors should append “(Systems Paper)” or “(Industrial Paper)” to the title, respectively. Submissions are limited to 10 pages. The Program Committee may accept submissions either as 10-page full papers for oral presentations or as 4-page poster papers for poster presentation. Both full and poster papers will appear in the conference proceedings.  
 Demonstration Papers  
 Authors are invited to submit demo papers describing original demonstrations to be presented at the conference. Submissions are limited to 4 pages and “(Demo Paper)” should be appended to the title. Accepted demo papers will appear in the conference proceedings.  
 Vision Papers  
 Authors are invited to submit vision papers describing visionary ideas to be presented at the conference. Submissions are limited to 4 pages —append “(Vision Paper)” to the title. Vision Papers will be reviewed by senior PC members. The Vision Papers track should be selected in EasyChair when submitting the vision paper. Accepted vision papers will appear in the conference proceedings. Awards sponsored by the Computing Community Consortium (CCC) will be given to the best vision papers (first prize $1000, second prize $750, and third prize $500), to be awarded as travel grants.  
 Registration and Presentation  
 At least one author per accepted research, systems, industrial experience demonstration, or vision paper must register and attend the conference to present the accepted submission. Otherwise, the accepted submission will not appear in the conference proceedings or in the ACM Digital Library version of the conference proceedings.  
 Workshop Proposals  
 One-day workshops will be held on Tuesday November 6, 2018. Workshop proposals are to be submitted in PDF format to the Workshops Chairs. The proceedings of the workshops will appear in the ACM Digital Library. All proposers and organizers of accepted workshops must register for the workshop or the workshop will be canceled. Workshop proposal submission deadline is May 1, 2018.  
 Programming Contest  
 The ACM SIGSPATIAL CUP 2018, with prizes, is a geospatial-focused algorithm competition. 

 ACM SIGSPATIAL 2018   
 Photo Credits    

  