  
    Contact us 
  Phone Book 
  Albo ufficiale 
  Library 
  Esse3 
    
   An international PhD school and a center for advanced studies in physics, mathematics, computer science and social sciences.   

 Toggle navigation  Main menu    
 Home 
  INSTITUTE | About 
  Organization 
  Scientific Committee 
  Services & Facilities 
  GSSI Alumni Association 
  Disciplinary Board 
  CUG 
  PhD | Astroparticle Physics 
  Innovative Technologies for Space Missions and Radiation Detection 
  Mathematics 
  Computer Science 
  Regional Science & Economic Geography 
  National Doctoral Programme 
  Studying at GSSI 
  Research | Physics 
  Mathematics 
  Computer Science 
  Social Sciences 
  Research Projects 
  Publications 
  Internationalization 
  GSSI & SOCIETY | Social Impact 
  Outreach 
  Knowledge Transfer 
  QUALITY | Quality assurance system 
  Documents 
  Quality in action 
  People | Faculty 
  Post doc 
  Students 
  Staff 
  Alumni 
  Seminars | Seminars and events 2025 
  Seminars and events 2024 
  Seminars and events 2023 
  Seminars and events 2022 
  Seminars and events 2021 
  Seminars and events 2020 
  Seminars and events 2019 
  Seminars and events 2018 
  Seminars and events 2017 
  Seminars and events 2016 
  Seminars and Events 2015 
  Seminars and Events 2014 
  Seminars and Events 2013 
  Communication | News & Events 
  Stories 
  Announcements 
  Press Review 

 Search ...         

 You are here: 
  Home 
  Research 
  Physics 

 Physics    
   
  Physics research at GSSI   Seminars & Events Physics    

 Mathematics    
   
  Mathematics research at GSSI   Seminars & Events Maths    

 Computer Science    
   
  Computer Science research at GSSI   Seminars & Events CS    

 Social Sciences    
   
  Social Sciences research at GSSI   Inner Areas   Discussion papers   News   Seminars & Events Social Science    

 Research Projects    
   
  Research Projects   European Projects   PRIN Projects   PON Projects   RESTART funds   REDI Project   Other Projects   Dipartimento di Eccellenza 2023-2027   Piano Nazionale di Ripresa e Resilienza   Support office    

 Publications    

 Internationalization    
   
  Recognition of foreign PhD titles    

  Physics  
   
 Print 

 Physics research at GSSI  
 Research in Astroparticle Physics at GSSI covers topics that range from neutrino physics and astrophysics to gravitational waves, from dark matter searches to cosmic ray physics and astrophysics. Below we briefly describe some of the most impressive activities we are involved in.  
  
 Reseach tracks   
 Neutrino Physics: nature, mass, oscillation 
  Dark Matter 
  Nuclear Astrophysics 
  High Energy Astrophysics and Cosmic Rays 
  Gravitational Waves 
  Multi-messenger Astrophysics 
  Physics beyond the Standard Model 
   Underground Physics   
 The research carried out at GSSI in this field exploits the strong synergy with the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso (LNGS), in terms of direct dark matter (DM) search, quantum representation of neutrinos and solar neutrinos. All these activities benefit from the unique low background environment that the LNGS is able to guarantee.  
  The CUORE, CUPID-0 and COSINUS experiments, with their prominent GSSI contribution, pioneered the application of low-temperature calorimeters to both dark matter and other rare events searches. In particular, the CUORE experiment demonstrated that a ton-scale detector based on low-temperature calorimeters can reliably operate at 10 mK. CUORE  is collecting data since 2017, setting one of the most stringent limits to the Majorana neutrino mass, one of the missing pieces in the Neutrino Physics puzzle. To further enhance the potential for discovery, an upgrade of CUORE including particle identification, named CUPID (pilot experiment CUPID-0  , was designed, aiming at a reduction of the background by about two orders of magnitude, thereby making bolometric calorimeters reach the level of radio purity of GERDA, which set the best limit on the half-life of the neutrino-less double beta decay. Low-temperature calorimeters were also chosen by the COSINUS  collaboration to probe the origin of the signal first measured since the ‘90s by the DAMA/LIBRA experiment and claimed to be evidence of DM. GSSI is also involved in the LEGEND  project, the next generation of neutrinoless double beta decay search with germanium detectors based on the success of and on the pioneering work of the GERDA experiment.  
  The search for DM has been central to the research activity at GSSI/LNGS. GSSI scientists have the leadership of the DarkSide-20k  project, a direct DM search experiment that started construction and is foreseen to start operation in 2023. The unmatched background rejection provided by Argon, used in the DarkSide program, holds the promise of reaching the strongest potential for discovery of DM particles in the years to come. In the perspective of overcoming the neutrino floor, a severe limitation in the direct search for DM, an intensive effort is being put in place for the directional detection of DM, that aims at isolating the contribution of solar neutrinos, thereby enhancing our capability of detecting truly DM generated events. These efforts are pioneered with CYGNO  , a GSSI-led project aimed at developing high precision TPC for searches of rare events, and partially funded with an ERC (INITIUM).  
  Scientists and students from the GSSI have also been dealing, in the last few years, with the data collected by the Borexino  experiment, aimed at measuring the neutrinos produced by our own Sun. The measurement of the flux of pp neutrinos from the center of the Sun has recently been published in Nature, while the results of the measurement of the flux of neutrinos from the CNO cycle have recently been presented.  
  
  High Energy Astroparticle Physics   
  The high energy astroparticle physics group at GSSI is involved in both experimental and theoretical activities centred around the investigation of the origin of cosmic rays (CRs), gamma rays, ultra high energy cosmic rays (UHECRs) and high energy phenomena around sources of non-thermal radiations. From the experimental point of view, the GSSI group has reached major achievements both in terms of detection of UHECRs from ground experiments, such as the Pierre AUGER Observatory, and from space, with the Dark Matter Particle Experiment (DAMPE). In both projects, an intensive effort from researchers and students at GSSI is being employed. AUGER  has recently published the first convincing evidence for large scale anisotropy of UHECRs with energy above 8 EeV, strongly suggesting an extragalactic origin for these very high energy particles. The DAMPE  experiment has recently confirmed the existence of a spectral feature in the spectrum of CR protons and extended the measurement to about 100 TeV, where an unexpected flux reduction, of so far unknown origin was found. These results have been recently published in Science Advances. The DAMPE satellite also achieved a remarkable measurement of the spectrum of CR leptons (electrons and positrons), that showed a steepening of the spectrum of these particles at >TeV energies, a long awaited for result in CR physics, published in Nature, with numerous implications for our understanding of CR origin and transport. The GSSI group is also involved in experimental efforts in developing the next generation of CR experiments in space. Much effort is being channelled into the design and construction of a large scale space calorimeter, HERD  , aimed at direct measurements of CR fluxes up to energies in excess of the knee. An intense R&D program is also going to start on a the technological pathfinder mission NUSES  that will test new techniques for space experiments and build prototypes towards different topics: space based UHE neutrinos and CR detectors, low energy CR detection for the study of the lithosphere-ionosphere-magnetosphere system, study of transient phenomena through the detection of MeV photons.  
  The theoretical activity carried out at GSSI is focused on the investigation of the acceleration and transport of CRs and UHECRs, with special emphasis on the non-linear effects induced by these particles on the environment in which particles move. These investigations are carried out both with semi-analytic techniques and with numerical approaches, often requiring access to high performance computing. These results have been published in high impact journals. Particularly well known is the work done to account for the features in the spectra of primary and secondary CRs and the work done to explain the anomalous positron fraction observed in CRs. The Group has pioneered the idea that CRs have a large impact on the environment in which they propagate, especially around sources, where they give rise to non linear effects with potentially large implications for the pillars that the field is based upon. Several researchers, students and postdocs are involved in this line of research.  
 Gravitation and Cosmology   
  On September 14 2015, the first observation of gravitational waves (GWs) from a binary system of black holes, by the Advanced LIGO detectors, concluded a long scientific quest and opened a new window to observe the universe. On August 17, 2017, the first detection of GWs from a binary system of neutron stars by LIGO  and Virgo  led to the most extensive observational campaign in the history of astronomy. The observation of the source of GW170817 at all electromagnetic wavelengths started the multi-messenger astronomy including GWs with huge impact on fundamental physics, relativistic astrophysics, nuclear physics and cosmology. Scientists at GSSI take important roles in the development and modeling of GW detectors, GW data analyses and observational science combining GW data with data from electromagnetic observatories. The analyses and interpretation of spectra from the European Southern Observatory revealed signatures of r-process nucleosynthesis elements, thereby providing precious information about how heavy elements are formed in the Universe. The GSSI group also took part in the XMM-Newton satellite and the very-long-baseline interferometry observations which demonstrated that the merger of two neutron stars produce a short jetted gamma-ray burst. In a few years, this research has led to tens of articles on high-impact journals, such as Nature, Science, Physical Review Letters, and Astrophysical Journal Letters, leading to international recognition of GSSI’s role in this new field.  
 The current implementation of detector technology at the European Gravitational Observatory  is known as Advanced Virgo+. The GSSI group is responsible for the development of a new sub-system to remove environmental noise from the GW data. This entails the deployment of large sensor arrays in optimal configurations and subsequent optimization of noise-cancellation filters. This system will lead to improved sensitivity of the Virgo detector at low frequencies, significantly improving our parameter estimation of compact-binary coalescences and our chances to observe intermediate-mass black-hole binaries. More broadly, the group is involved in technology developments to improve low-frequency sensitivity, e.g., quantum-non-demolition techniques and novel machine-learning based technologies for active seismic isolation and interferometer control. These activities seamlessly extend to the preparation of next-generation GW detector infrastructures. A proposal was submitted in 2020 to the European Strategy Forum on Research Infrastructures (ESFRI) of a new underground infrastructure called Einstein Telescope  hosting future-generations of GW detectors. If approved, the detector is expected to come online around 2035. Scientists at GSSI are strongly involved in the development of a technical design and in the development of the science case of the Einstein Telescope.  
 The GSSI GW group participates in the LISA science team. LISA will be the first space-borne GW detector.  It will observe signals in the millihertz band, which include galactic white-dwarf binaries and massive black-hole binaries. The mission is expected to launch in 2038. Scientists at GSSI also proposed an entirely new detector concept, the Lunar GW Antenna. It foresees the deployment of an array of next-generation seismometers on the Moon to monitor its vibrations caused by passing GWs. The effort currently focuses on the planning of R&D of the science payload and deployment technologies.  
 .  

 75.jpg   

  Tweet    

  back to top    

 Follow us               

  Amministrazione Trasparente 
  Accountability 
  Streaming 
  Useful Links 
  Legal Notice 
  Privacy 
  RPD Resp. Protezione Dati 
  Accessibilità 

 Gran Sasso Science Institute - Viale F. Crispi, 7 67100 L'Aquila - CF e PI: 01984560662 - Pec: protocollo@pec.gssi.it  - Fatturazione elettronica, Codice Univoco Ufficio: UF3RU9   

  