    

   Skip to Main Content    Toggle navigation    Toggle information    Toggle search      
 Search Site and People        
  Info for | Future Students 
  Current Students 
  Faculty and Staff 
  Teachers and Counsellors 
  Alumni 
  Media 
  Donors 
  Future Students 
  Current Students 
  Faculty and Staff 
  Teachers and Counsellors 
  Alumni 
  Media 
  Donors 
  About 
  Programs 
  Admissions 
  Campus Life 
  Research & Innovation 
  Equity & Community Inclusion 
   Apply 
  Visit 
  Give 
   my.torontomu 
  Menu | About 
  Programs 
  Admissions 
  Campus Life 
  Research & Innovation 
  Equity & Community Inclusion 

 SIROCCO 2025    

 Home   Toggle navigation      
 Call for Papers 
  Committees 
  Keynote Speakers 
  News 

 You are now in the main content area   
  SIROCCO 2025  

 Call for Papers  
   
 About SIROCCO  
 SIROCCO is devoted to the study of the interplay between structural knowledge, communication, and computing in decentralized systems of multiple communicating entities. Special emphasis is given to innovative methodological and solution approaches leading to a better understanding of the relationship between computing and communication.  
 SIROCCO has a tradition of interesting and productive scientific meetings in a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere, attracting leading researchers in a variety of fields in which communication and knowledge play a significant role. Past SIROCCO proceedings  (external link, opens in new window)   can be found on the Springer website.  
   
 Original papers are solicited from all areas of study of local structural knowledge and global communication and computational complexities, in particular  
   
 Distributed algorithms and computability 
  Distributed graph algorithms 
  Shared-memory algorithms 
  Network modeling and analysis 
  Fault tolerance 
  Self-stabilization 
  Security in distributed computing 
  Structural and communication complexity analysis 
  Epistemic modeling and analysis of distributed systems 
  Game theory in distributed computing 
  Topology in distributed computing 
  Wireless, ad-hoc, and peer-to-peer networks 
  Mobile agents and autonomous distributed systems 
  Blockchains and related distributed paradigms 
  Digital circuits and systems on chip 
  Biological and nature-inspired distributed algorithms 
  Keeping with the tradition of SIROCCO, new areas are also welcome.  

 Important Dates  
   
 Original Abstract submission Duedate | : Friday, November 1, 2024 (AoE) - extended 
  NEW ABSTRACT SUBMISSION DUEDATE: Saturday November 2, 2024 (AoE)   
 Full paper submission: | Friday, November 8, 2024 (AoE) 
  Notification: | January 31, 2025 

 Submission Instructions  
   
 A submission must report on original research and contain results that have not appeared previously in a regular conference paper and have not been concurrently submitted to or previously appeared in a journal or a conference with published proceedings.  
 The papers must be submitted in PDF format using EasyChair  (external link)   . Submissions must be written in English and formatted in a single column on US letter-size or A4 size paper, use at least 11-point font, and have at least 2.5 cm margins.  
   
 All submissions must start with the paper’s title, author names, and a short abstract. There is no page limit, but it is mandatory that the paper contains, within the first 14 pages, a concise and clear presentation of the primary content and merits of the paper. Everything beyond 14 pages will be read at the discretion of the reviewers only. Whether an appendix is used or not is up to the authors.  
 Submissions deviating from these guidelines as well as papers outside the scope of the conference may be rejected without consideration of their merits.  
   
 A submission that is not accepted as a full paper may be invited for a brief announcement.  

 Proceedings  
   
 The proceedings of SIROCCO 2025 will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Note carefully that inclusion in the proceedings requires a presentation by one of the authors at the conference site and at least one full registration for every full paper.  

 Special Issue  
   
 Selected papers from SIROCCO 2025 will be invited to a special issue of the journal Theoretical Computer Science  .  

 Best Paper Awards  
   
 All regular papers are eligible for the best paper award. Moreover, all regular papers that have at least one student author, and these student authors have done most of the work, are also eligible for the best student paper award. If a submission is eligible for the best student paper award, please state that on the first page. The program committee may decline to make the awards or may split them among multiple papers.  

 Our Supporters  
   
  (external link, opens in new window)     

  (opens in new window)     

  (opens in new window)     

  (external link, opens in new window)     

  (external link, opens in new window)     

  (external link, opens in new window)     

  (external link)     

 Toronto Metropolitan University   

 350 Victoria Street  
  Toronto, ON M5B 2K3  
  P:  416-979-5000  Directory 
  Maps and Directions 
    
 Follow Us  
  Facebook, opens new window    Instagram, opens new window    X, opens new window    YouTube, opens new window    LinkedIn, opens new window    Tiktok, opens new window    
 Careers 
  Media Room 

 Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Terms & Conditions 

  