  
   
  SISAP 2018  
  
 October 7-9  
 Lima, Perú  

 Main  
 Home 
  Call for papers 
  Organization 
  Program committee 
  Keynote speakers 
  Contributions  
 Submission guidelines 
  Important dates 
  Accepted papers 
  Camera-ready version 
  Conference program 
  Awards 
  Attendance  
 Conference venue 
  Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Excursion 
  Photos 
  SISAP  
 SISAP 2017 
  SISAP 2016 
  SISAP 2015 
  SISAP 2014 
  SISAP 2013 
  SISAP 2012 
  SISAP home 
    
 Call for Papers — SISAP 2018  
 Important Dates  
 Paper submission deadline: | May 28th | , May 28th, 2018 (anywhere on Earth) 
  Notification: July 9th, 2018 
  Camera-ready due: July 23th, 2018 
  Early bird registration: July 23rd, 2018 
  Conference: October 7th-9th, 2017 
  Scope  
 The 11 th  International Conference on Similarity Search and Applications (SISAP) is an annual forum for researchers and application developers in the area of similarity data management. It aims at the technological problems shared by numerous application domains such as data mining, information retrieval, multimedia, computer vision pattern recognition, computational biology, geography, biometrics machine learning, and many others that make use of similarity search as a necessary supporting service. SISAP is devoted to all issues surrounding the theory, design, analysis, practice and application of content-based and feature-based similarity search.  
 Topics of interest  
 The specific topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Similarity queries - k-NN, range, reverse k-NN, top-k approximate, etc. 
  Similarity measures - graph, structural, time series, complex data, tensors, secondary similarity, etc. 
  Similarity operations - joins, ranking, classification, categorization filtering, etc. 
  Indexing and access methods for similarity-based processing 
  Evaluation techniques for similarity queries and operations 
  Merging/combining multiple similarity modalities 
  Cost models and analysis for similarity data processing 
  Scalability issues and high-performance similarity data management 
  Feature selection and extraction for similarity search 
  Multimedia retrieval systems 
  Security and privacy of similarity search 
  Similarity for forensics and security 
  Distributed similarity search 
  Similarity search cloud services 
  Languages for similarity databases 
  Applications of similarity-based operations 
  Visual analytics for similarity-based operations 
  Test collections and benchmarks 
  Performance studies and comparisons 
  Industrial applications and case studies 
  Theory - models of similarity, intrinsic dimensionality, discriminability and contrast, manifolds and subspaces, etc. 
  Special Session for Industry  
 A special session devoted to industrial applications and case studies will also take place. Submissions are solicited in multimedia, broadcasting, archiving, image processing, social networks bioinformatics, and any other area in which similarity technology has made a practical impact. Of particular interest are submissions concerned with one or more of the following:  
 Use cases and scenarios 
  Best practice for similarity search 
  Adoption of similarity search in new industrial contexts 
  Requirements for research and development 
  Submissions  
 For further information please check out the submission guidelines  . Papers will be submitted in PDF format through EasyChair  .  

  