Toggle navigation       
 Home 
  About SMI 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Organization 
  Sculpt 
  Past 

 About SMI  
 Shape Modeling International (SMI 2025)  provides an international forum for the dissemination of new mathematical theories and computational techniques for modeling, simulating and processing digital representations of shapes and their properties to a community of researchers, developers, students, and practitioners across a wide range of fields. Conference proceedings will be published in a Special Issue of Computers & Graphics Journal Elsevier  . Papers presenting original research are being sought in all areas of shape modeling and its applications.  
 SMI also participates in the Replicability Stamp Initiative  , an additional recognition for authors who are willing to go one step further, and in addition to publishing the paper, provide a complete open-source implementation. The Replicability Stamp  is a prerequisite for SMI best paper nomination. More information on topics, submission guidelines, and important dates are given below.  
 When and Where  
 SMI 2025 will be co-located with Solid and Physical Modeling (SPM) 2025  . The joint conference will take place from October 29 to November 2, 2025, in Hangzhou  , Zhejiang, P.R. China.  

 SMI2025: Submitting a Paper  
   
 IMPORTANT DATES (23:59 UTC/GMT)  
 Abstract submission: March 31, 2025   
  Full paper submission: April 7, 2025   
  First review notification: May 12, 2025   
  Revised papers: June 9, 2025   
  Second review notification: June 30, 2025   
  Camera-ready full papers due: July 21, 2025   
  Conference: October 29 - November 2, 2025   
   
 Topics  
 AR/VR environments 
  Acquisition and reconstruction 
  Behavior and animation models 
  Compression and streaming 
  Computational topology 
  Correspondence and registration 
  Curves and surfaces 
  Digital fabrication and 3D printing 
  Geometric Deep Learning 
  Exploration of shape collections 
  Feature extraction and classification 
  Healing and resampling 
  Implicit surfaces 
  Interactive modeling, design and editing 
  Learning techniques for shape modeling 
  Medial and skeletal representations 
  Parametric and procedural models 
  Segmentation 
  Semantics of shapes 
  Shape analysis and synthesis 
  Shape modeling applications (product design, biomedicine, GIS, geoscience, art, education and training cultural heritage, gaming, and others) 
    
 Shape statistics 
  Shape transformation and deformation 
  Simulation 
  Sketching and 3D input modalities 
  Triangle and polygonal meshes 
  3D Digital Twins 
  3D retrieval 
  Submission  
 Submissions should be anonymous via easychair  , previously unpublished, original results that are not simultaneously submitted elsewhere.  
 Submissions should be formatted according to the style guidelines for the Computers &Graphics Journal and should not exceed 12 pages, including figures and references. We strongly recommend using the LaTeX template  to format your paper. We also accept papers formatted by MS Word according to the style guidelines for Computers & Graphics. The file must be exported to a pdf file for the first round of submission. For format details, please refer to Computers & Graphics Guide for Authors  . The SMI 2025 conference will use a double-blind review process. The submission link will be available soon.  
 Submit your paper here!     
 Any accepted paper is required to have at least one registered author to attend and present the paper at the conference. As the Replicability Stamp is a prerequisite for SMI best paper nomination, please consider participates in the Replicability Stamp Initiative  if your paper gets accepted.   

 Call For Nominations:  
  Tosiyasu L. Kuni Distinguished Researcher Award  
 Shape Modeling International Awards Committee is seeking proposals to nominate the shape modeling researchers with distinguished careers for the Tosiyasu L. Kuni Distinguished Researcher Award. The recipients of the award will be selected by the SMI Awards Committee, based on proposals from the research community in Shape Modeling. The proposals can simply be in a formal letter format. Self-nominations will also be considered. The nomination letters should provide a clear description of the substantial contributions of the candidate into the field of shape modeling. Nomination proposals can be accepted by the SMI awards committee at any time. The Awards are presented at the Shape Modeling Conference and the award recipients are invited to give a keynote speech at Shape Modeling Conference. Please send your nominations to the chair of award committee: Bianca Falcidieno  .  
 Call For Nominations:  
  SMI Young Investigator Award  
 Shape Modeling International Awards Committee is seeking proposals to nominate young researchers' significant contributions to shape modeling for the Shape Modeling International Young Researcher Award. Candidates must have received their Ph.D. degrees at most seven years ago. The recipients of the award will be selected by the SMI Awards Committee, based on proposals from the research community in Shape Modeling. The proposals can simply be in a formal letter format. Self-nominations will also be considered. The nomination letters should provide a clear description of the substantial contributions of the candidate into the field of shape modeling. Nomination proposals can be accepted by the SMI awards committee at any time. The Awards are presented at the Shape Modeling Conference and the award recipients are invited to give a keynote speech at the Shape Modeling Conference. Please send your nominations to the chair of award committee: Bianca Falcidieno  .  
 Call For Nominations:  
  Alexander Pasko Service Award  
 Shape Modeling International Awards Committee is seeking proposals to nominate people who made significant contributions to the organization of SMI conferences for the Alexander Pasko Service Award. The recipients of the award will be selected by the SMI Awards Committee based on nominations from the Shape Modeling community. The nominations can simply be in a formal letter format. Self-nominations will also be considered. The nomination letters should provide a clear description of the substantial service contributions of the candidate to SMI. Nomination proposals can be accepted by the SMI awards committee at any time. The Awards are presented at the Shape Modeling Conference and the award recipients are invited to give a keynote speech at the Shape Modeling Conference. Please send your nominations to the chair of the award committee: Bianca Falcidieno  .  

 Registration (TBA)  

 SMI 2025 Program (TBA)  

 SMI&SPM Conference Chairs  
  Georges-Pierre Bonneau  📧   
 Université Grenoble Alpes, France  

  Gang Xu  📧   
 Hangzhou Dianzi University, China  

  Weiwei Xu  📧   
 Zhejiang University, China  

  TBA  📧   
 TBA  

 SMI Technical Paper Chairs  
  Hongwei Lin  📧   
 Zhejiang University, China  

  Michela Mortara  📧   
 CNR-IMATI Genova, Italy  

  Zichun Zhong  📧   
 Wayne State University, USA  

 SMI Communication Chairs  
  Ergun Akleman  📧   
 Texas A&M University, USA  

  Silvia Biasotti  📧   
 CNR-IMATI, Italy  

  Yang Liu  📧   
 Microsoft Research Asia, China  

 International Program Committee (TBA)  

 Previous conferences  
 SMI 2024  - Detroit, USA [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2022  - Singapore, (online) [proceedings A  , B  , C  ]  
 SMI 2020  - Strasbourg, France (online) [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2018  - Lisbon Portugal [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2016  - Berlin, Germany [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2014  - Hong Kong, China [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2012  - College Station, USA [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2010  - Aix-En Provence, France [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2008  - Stony Brook, USA [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2006  - Matsushima, Japan [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2004  - Genova Italy [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2002 - Banff, Alberta, Canada [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 1999  - Aizuwakamatsu, Japan [ proceedings  ]  
   
 SMI 2023  - Genova, Italy [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2021  - Texas, USA (online) [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2019  - Vancouver Canada [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2017  - Berkeley, USA [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2015  - Lille, France [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2013  - Bournemouth, UK [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2011 - Herzliya, Israel [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2009 - Beijing, China [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2007  - Lyon, France [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2005  - Cambridge, USA [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2003  - Seoul, Korea [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 2001 - Genova, Italy [ proceedings  ]  
 SMI 1997  - Aizuwakamatsu, Japan [ proceedings  ]  

 For paper submission issues, contact the technical paper chairs. For conference program and registration inquiries, reach out to the conference chairs, Georges-Pierre Bonneau and Gang Xu. For webpage and other concerns, contact the communication chairs.    

  