Skip to content  twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

 Ethics Policy 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

  About Us | 50th Anniversary 
  Constitution & Bylaws | Constitution 
  By-Laws 
  Statutes 
  Statement of Ethics 
  Privacy Policy 
  Research Scholarships 
  IAPR Membership 
  Diversity in IAPR 
  History of IAPR 
  Industrial Affiliates 
  Internships 
  IAPR on YouTube 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences | Conference Schedule 
  ICPR | ICPR Proposals 
  ICPR Workshop Application Form 
  Sponsorship/Endorsement | Sponsorship/Endorsement Rules 
  How to Apply 
  Apply for Sponsorship/Endorsement 
  Summer and Winter Schools 
  Conference Archives 
  Committees | Governing Board 
  Executive Committee 
  Standing Committees 
  Technical Committees 
  Ad Hoc Committees 
  Committee Guidelines 
  Fellows | Getting to Know IAPR Fellows 
  Alphabetical List of IAPR Fellows 
  Chronological List of IAPR Fellows 
  Call for Nominations 
  Awards | ICPR Awards | King-Sun Fu Prize 
  J. K. Aggarwal Prize 
  Maria Petrou Prize 
  P. Zamperoni Award 
  Best Industry Related Paper Award 
  Certificates of Appreciation 
  S+SSPR Awards | Pierre Devijver Award 
  TC4 Awards at IJCB | Best Biometrics Student Paper Award 
  Senior Biometrics Investigator 
  Young Biometrics Investigator 
  ICDAR Awards | Outstanding Achievements 
  Young Investigator 
  Procedures for Award Recipients 
  Publications | IAPR Newsletter | IAPR Newsletter Archive 
  IAPR Publications 
  Newsletter Editors-in-Chief 
  News | All IAPR News 
  Governing Board Meetings 
  Subscribe to Our Mailing List 

 Best Industry Related Paper Award  
 Home     » Awards     » ICPR Awards     » Best Industry Related Paper Award       

 The Best Industry Related Paper Award will be awarded at each ICPR. The paper will be selected by a committee appointed by the Chair of the Industry Liaison Committee.  
   
  The award is given to a paper selected for oral presentation at ICPR, where at least one of the authors is from a company or technology transfer organization.  
   
  The award is officially announced at the conference dinner. However, there is traditionally a Best Industry Related Paper Award session during the conference some time before the dinner, where the nominees discuss the relation between academic and industrial research. The BIRPA award winner is unofficially announced at this session.  
 Award Procedure   
 The ICPR paper submission system needs to allow authors to self-nominate for the award, where one author must be from a company or a technology transfer organization. Purely university author lists are not eligible. The Program Chair is responsible for ensuring the submission system allows self-nomination. 
  Once paper acceptances are announced and the 'camera-ready' versions of the papers are submitted, the ILC Chair asks the Program Chair for the list of and PDFs of the highly ranked self-nominated oral papers, along with the reviews for those papers. 
  Each ILC member gets (3*num_papers/committee_size) revised papers to read, along with the original reviews. The ILC member does not need to write anything, but is asked to rank the papers in order of best to worst. There is a 3 week deadline. The papers are 6 pages long, so this should take maybe 5 hours. 
  From the ranked papers, the ILC chair selects the top 5(ish) based on the preliminary rankings. The whole ILC reads these and ranks them again. There is a 3 week deadline. 
  From these final rankings, a consensus ordering is formed. The ILC Chair keeps the committee informed about the process. 
  The Chair passes the selected winner's details to the IAPR's Secretary and the IAPR office. 
  The Chair and ICPR Program Chair schedule a 1 hour award session, where the nominees will be asked to give a 5 minute presentation on the relation of research and industry. There will be a panel discussion afterwards, and then finally the announcement of the BIRPA prize. The presentation and panel discussion is not a factor in the award decision. 

  2022 Award Winner in Montreal  
 Steve Dias Da Cruz, Bertram Taetz, Thomas Stifter, and Didier Stricker   
  Autoencoder for Synthetic to Real Generalization: From Simple to More Complex Scenes  
 2020 Award Winner in Milan  
 Muhammad Asad, Rilwan Basaru, S M Masudur Rahman Al Arif and Greg Slabaugh   
  PROPEL: Probabilistic Parametric Regression Loss for Convolutional Neural Networks  
 2018 Award Winner in Beijing  
 Zhengyuan Yang, Yixuan Zhang, Jerry Yu, Junjie Cai and Jiebo Luo   
  End-to-end Multi-Modal Multi-Task Vehicle Control for Self-Driving Cars with Visual Percpetions  
 2016 Award Winner in Cancun  
 Andras Rozsa, Manuel Günther, Ethan M. Rudd, and Terrance E. Boult   
  Are Facial Attributes Adversarilly Robust?  
 2014 Award Winner in Stockholm  
 Sangmin Oh, Megha Pandey, Ilseo Kim, Anthony Hoogs, and Jeff Baumes   
  Personalized Economy of Images in Social Forums: An Analysis on Supply, Consumption, and Saliency  
 2012 Award Winner in Tsukuba  
 Stephen Pollard, Steven Simske and Guy Adams   
  Print Biometrics: Recovering Forensic Signatures from Halftone Images  
 2010 Award Winner in Istanbul  
 Jorge Moraled and Jonathan J. Hull   
  Toward Massive Scalability in Image Matching  
 2008 Award Winner in Tampa  
 Yuyu Liu and Yoichi Sato   
  Recovering Audio-to-Video Synchronization by Audiovisual Correlation Analysis  
 2006 Award Winner in Hong Kong  
 Junji Sato, Tomokazu Takahashi, Ichiro Ide and Hiroshi Murase   
  Change Detection in Streetscapes from GPS Coordinated Omni-Directional Image Sequences  
 2004 Award Winner in Cambridge  
 Wen Yi Zhao   
  Super-Resolving Compressed Video with Large Artifacts  
 2002 Award Winner in Quebec City  
 Diego A. Socolinsky and Andrea Selinger   
  A Comparative Analysis of Face Recognition Performance with Visible and Thermal Infrared Imagery  
 2000 Award Winner in Barcelona  
 Gopal Pingali, Agata Opalach, and Yves Jean   
  Ball Tracking and Virtual Replays for Innovative Tennis Broadcasts  
 1998 Award Winner in Brisbane  
 Jae-Chang Shim, Chitra Dorai and Ruud Bolle   
  Automatic text extraction from video for content-based annotation and retrieval  
 1996 Award Winner in Vienna  
 Larry O'Gorman and Irina Rabinowich   
  Photo-Image Authentication by Pattern Recognition and Cryptography  
 1994 Award Winner in Jerusalem  
 Minori Noguchi and Shree K. Nayar   
  Microscopic Shape from Focus using Active Illumination  
 1992 Award Winner in The Hague  
 Qifen Zheng and Rama Chellappa   
  A computational vision approach to image registration  

 News & Announcements  
 Protected: 2024 Kolkata Meeting | December 2, 2024 
  October 2024 Newsletter | October 25, 2024 
  New IAPR Secretariat Email Addresses | October 21, 2024 
  IAPR Major Prize Winners Announced | October 14, 2024 
  July 2024 Newsletter | July 29, 2024 
   
 Upcoming Conferences  
 DEC   
 19   

 CVIP 2024  Chennai, India   

 JAN   
 12   

 WSB 2025  Shenzhen, China   

 FEB   
 23   

 ICPRAM 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 VISAPP 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 ROBOVIS 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 JUN   
 25   

 GbR 2025  Caen, France   

 JUN   
 30   

 IbPRIA 2025  Coimbra, Portugal   

 More Conferences    

 Home     » Awards     » ICPR Awards     » Best Industry Related Paper Award       

 © 2024 - International Association for Pattern Recognition   Privacy Policy     
 twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

    