  S S  S'24   
   
 Home 
  About 
  Keynotes 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Papers 
  Venue 
  Hotels 
  Dates 
  CFP 
  Organization 
  Supporters 

 The 26th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security  of Distributed Systems  
 October 20-22, Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
  About SSS 2024    
  
 About SSS 2024  
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Where  
 Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
   
 When  
 Sunday to Tuesday  
  20-22 October 2024  

 Keynotes  
 Here are our keynote speakers  
   
   Michel Raynal   
 IRISA, CNRS, Inria, and University of Rennes  

   Koutarou Suzuki   
 Toyohashi University of Technology  

 Awards  
   
 The paper Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution  , co-authored by Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty, and Maxwell Young received the best paper award.  
 Also, Haruki Kanaya received the best student paper award for his paper Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols  , co-authored with Yuichi Sudo.  

 Registration  
   
 Registration is required to participate in SSS 2024. At least one "Author" registration is necessary for each accepted paper; otherwise, the paper will not be included in the proceedings.  Discounted prices are available for early registrations until 27 September. An accompanying person may attend the social event (including banquet and tour) for an extra JPY 15,000. Registrations will close on 15 October 2024.  
 Registration was closed on October 15   
   
 Author  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: Not Available   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Regular  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 85,000   
 (ca. USD 550, EUR 510)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Student  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 50,000   
 (ca. USD 330, EUR 300)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 65,000   
 (ca. USD 420, EUR 390)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Social Only  
 Until 15 Oct.: JPY 15,000   
 (ca. USD 100, EUR 90)   
  Includes: Banquet 
  Tour 

 Note that all the dates listed here are in Japan Standard Time (UTC+9).   
  
 Program  
 Here is our event schedule  
   
 Oct. 20 (Sun) 
  Oct. 21 (Mon) 
  Oct. 22 (Tue) 
  Regular and invited papers are given 25 minutes for their presentations, including Q&A, whereas BA papers have 10 minutes for them.  
 8:45 - 9:30    
 Registration  

 9:30 - 9:40    
 Opening (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 9:40 - 10:40    
 Keynote 1 (chair: Toshimitsu Masuzawa)   
 Michel Raynal. On Distributed Computing: A View, Physical vs Logical Objects, and a Look at Fully Anonymous Systems.    

 10:40 - 11:00    
 Break  

 11:00 - 12:00    
 Session 1 —Track D(1)— (chair: Konstantinos Georgiou)   
 Evangelos Kranakis. | Invited Paper: A Survey of the Impact of Knowledge on the Competitive Ratio in Linear Search. 
  Quentin Bramas, Stéphane Devismes, Anaïs Durand, Pascal Lafourcade and Anissa Lamani. | Optimal Asynchronous Perpetual Grid Exploration. 
  Ashish Saxena, Barun Gorain, Subhrangsu Mandal and Kaushik Mondal. | Brief Announcement: Pebble Guided Rendezvous Despite Fault. 

 12:00 - 13:45    
 Lunch  

 13:45 - 14:45    
 Session 2 —Track D(2)— (chair: Sebastien Tixeuil)   
 Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso, Gabriele Di Stefano and Alfredo Navarra. | Gathering of Robots in Butterfly Networks. 
  Haruki Kanaya and Yuichi Sudo. | Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols. 
  Raja Das, Pritam Goswami and Buddhadeb Sau. | Brief Announcement: Perpetual Exploration of Triangular Grid by Myopic Oblivious Robots without Chirality. 

 14:45 - 15:05    
 Break  

 15:05 - 16:20    
 Session 3 —Track D(3)— (chair: Hirotsugu Kakugawa)   
 Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Invited Paper: Gathering Oblivious Robots in the Plane. 
  Keita Nakajima, Kaito Takase and Koichi Wada. | Efficient Self-stabilizing Simulations of Energy-Restricted Mobile Robots by Asynchronous Luminous Mobile Robots. 
  Sahar Badri, Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso and Gabriele Di Stefano. | An optimal algorithm for geodesic mutual visibility on hexagonal grids. 

 16:20 - 16:40    
 Break  

 16:40 - 17:55    
 Session 4 —Track D(4)— (chair: Quentin Bramas)   
 Alfredo Navarra and Francesco Piselli. | Coating in SILBOT with One Axis Agreement. 
  Ryonosuke Yamada, Tomoyuki Usami and Yukiko Yamauchi. | Rendezvous and Merging for Two Metamorphic Robotic Systems without Global Compass. 
  Kouhei Otaka, Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Gathering Semi-Synchronously Scheduled Two-State Robots. 

 17:55 -    
 Business meeting  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Session 5 —Track B(1)— (chair: Fukuhito Ooshita)   
 Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Maurice Herlihy, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sergio Rajsbaum. | Invited Paper: The Smart Contract Model. 
  Adam Gańczorz, Leszek Gasieniec, Tomasz Jurdzinski, Jakub Kowalski and Grzegorz Stachowiak. | Selective Population Protocols. 
  Baruch Schieber. | Brief Announcement: Towards Proportionate Fair Assignment. 

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 11:50    
 Session 6 —Track B(2)— (chair: Taisuke Izumi)   
 Yefim Dinitz, Shlomi Dolev, Manish Kumar and Baruch Schieber. | Partially Disjoint Shortest Paths and Near-Shortest Paths Trees. 
  Louis Vialar, Jämes Ménétrey, Valerio Schiavoni and Pascal Felber. | BlindexTEE: A Blind Index Approach towards TEE-supported End-to-end Encrypted DBMS. 
  Christoph Lenzen and Sophie Wenning. | Tight Bounds for Constant-Round Domination on Graphs of High Girth and Low Expansion. 

 11:50 - 13:20    
 Lunch  

 13:20 - 14:50    
 Memorial Session —Dedicated to Professor Mohamed Gouda— (chair: Anish Arora)   
 Shlomi Dolev 
  Teruo Higashino 
  Ted Herman 
  Eunjin Jung 
  Sebastien Tixeuil 
  Jorge Cobb 
  Sandeep Kulkarni 
  Chin-Tser Huang 
  HB Acharya 
  Anish Arora 

 14:50 -    
 Social Event  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Keynote 2 (chair: Yoshiaki Katayama)   
 Koutarou Suzuki. Ring Signature and Distributed Cryptography.    

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 12:25    
 Session 7 —Track C— (chair: Pascal Felber)   
 Julius Wenzel, Andreas Berg, and Christof Fetzer. | Invited Paper: Using signed formulas for online certification. 
  Ranjith Chodavarapu, Rabimba Karanjai, Xinxin Fan, Larry Shi and Lei Xu. | Adding All Flavors: A Hybrid Random Number Generator for dApps and Web3. 
  K Sowjanya, Pabitra Pal, Aman Verma, Bijoy Das, Dhiman Saha, Anand M Baswade and Brejesh Lall. | SUPI-Rear: Privacy-Preserving Subscription Permanent Identification Strategy in 5G-AKA. 
  Sean Doris, Iosif Salem and Stefan Schmid. | Anomaly Detection Within Mission-Critical Call Processing. 
  Shlomi Dolev, Komal Kumari, Sharad Mehrotra, Baruch Schieber and Shantanu Sharma. | Brief Announcement: Make Master Private-Keys Secure by Keeping it Public. 

 12:25 - 13:55    
 Lunch  

 13:55 - 14:55    
 Session 8 —Track B(3)— (chair: Yuichi Sudo)   
 Kohya Shiozaki and Junya Nakamura. | Selection Guidelines for Geographical SMR Protocols: A Communication Pattern-based Latency Modeling Approach. 
  Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Lionel Beltrando, Maurice Herlihy and Maria Potop-Butucaru. | Byzantine Reliable Broadcast with One Trusted Monotonic Counter. 
  Erik van den Akker and Klaus-Tycho Foerster. | Brief Announcement: On the Feasibility of Local Failover Routing on Directed Graphs. 

 14:55 - 15:15    
 Break  

 15:15 - 16:05    
 Session 9 —Track B(4)— (chair: Maria Potop-Butucaru)   
 Joseph Oglio, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | TRAIL: Cross-Shard Validation for Byzantine Shard Protection. 
  Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty and Maxwell Young. | Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution. 

 16:05 - 16:25    
 Break  

 16:25 - 17:50    
 Session 10 —Track A— (chair: Sayaka Kamei)   
 Ali Ebnenasir. | Generating the Convergence Stairs of the Collatz Program. 
  Rachel Bricker, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | Consensus Through Knot Discovery in Asynchronous Dynamic Networks. 
  Tota Yamada and Yonghwan Kim. | A Self-Stabilizing Algorithm for the 1-Minimal Minus Domination Problem. 
  Mohamed Amine Legheraba, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sebastien Tixeuil. | Brief Announcement: Elevator: Self-* and Persistent Hub Sampling Service in Unstructured Peer-to-Peer Networks. 

 17:50 -    
 Closing (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 Event Venue  
 Event venue location info and gallery  

 Nagoya International Center  
 SSS 2024 will take place in Annex Hall of Nagoya Intrnational Center  , which is directly conncted to Kokusai Center Station (Subway Sakura-dori Line) and 7-minute walk east from Nagoya Station.  

 Hotels  
   
 Nagoya is a big city and you can find many hotels near the symposium site at hotel reservation web sites such as Expedia  and Booking.com  . Here are some suggestions for attendees.  
 Near the venue  
 These hotels are conviniently located from the venue and Nagoya Station.  
 The Royal Park Canvas Nagoya 
  Just Inn Premium Nagoya Station 
  Sanco Inn Grande Nagoya 
  Super Hotel Premier Nagoya Natural Hot Springs 

 Near Nagoya Station  
 Nagoya Station is a terminal station easily accessible from Chubu Centrair International Airport  . It is about a 10-minute walk from the venue.  
 Nagoya Marriott Associa Hotel 
  Nagoya JR Gate Tower Hotel 
  Montblanc Hotel Raffine Nagoya Ekimae 
  APA Hotel Nagoya Ekimae 
  Comfort Hotel Nagoya Shinkansenguchi 

 Near Sakae  
 Sakae is a bit far from the venue (30 minutes on foot or 15 minutes by metro), but you will enjoy Nagoya's nightlife there.  
 Nishitetsu Hotel CROOM Nagoya 
  Comfort Inn Nagoya Sakae 

 Important Dates  
   
 First Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | April 7, 2024 | April 14, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: | May 13, 2024 | , May 20, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: | May 23, 2024 | , May 30, 2024 
    
 Second Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | July 4, 2024 | July 18, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: August 16, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 26, 2024 

 Call for Papers  
   
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the four symposium tracks:  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Self-stabilizing systems 
  Self-stabilizing protocols and algorithms 
  Practically-stabilizing systems 
  Variants of self-stabilization 
  Topological stabilization 
  Autonomic Computing 
  Stabilization and self-* properties in hardware, software, and middleware design 
  Self-stabilizing software-defined infrastructure 
  Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Distributed, concurrent, and fault-tolerant algorithms 
  Synchronization protocols 
  Shared and transactional memory 
  Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks 
  Formal methods, validation, verification, and synthesis 
  Social networks 
  Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing 
  Randomization in distributed computing 
  High-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
  Network security and privacy 
  Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies 
  Applied cryptography 
  Track C. Cryptography and Security  
 Cryptographic designs, implementation analysis, and construction methods 
  Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols 
  Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity 
  Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security 
  Secure software and secure programming methodologies 
  Formal methods, semantics and verification of secure systems 
  Fault tolerance, reliability, availability of distributed secure systems 
  Game-theoretic approaches to secure computing 
  Communication and internet: security, authentication and identification 
  Cybersecurity for hardware components, mobile, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things 
  Cybersecurity of corporations (applications, end points, and cloud) 
  Security and privacy for web applications 
  Security of edge and fog computing 
  Cryptocurrency and Blockchains 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Mobile agents 
  Autonomous mobile robots 
  Mobile sensor networks 
  Mobile ad-hoc networks 
  Population protocols 
  Nature-inspired computing 
  Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models 
  New Conference Model  
 We experiment with a new conference model. There will be TWO deadlines. The review process for these two deadlines will not overlap to allow papers rejected during the first review phase to be reworked, corrected, and enhanced before being resubmitted on the second review round, if wished by the authors. Papers may be submitted at only one deadline. Of course, accepted papers of the first review round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted to the second round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the first phase will be transmitted to the reviewers of the second phase.  
 Paper Submission  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EasyChair  . All submissions must conform to the formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series  . Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format.  
 Double-blind Review  
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double- blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identities of the authors. Please feel free to ask the general co-chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2024.  
 Submissions  
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements.  
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). 
  A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. 
  Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed. Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.  
 Publication  
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series.  
 Special Issue  
 Extended and revised versions of selected papers will be considered for a special issue of Theoretical Computer Science (TCS)   
 Paper Award  
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student paper award (e.g., using a \thanks  in the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards.  

 Organization  
   
 General Co-Chairs  
 Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Yoshiaki Katayama, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Organizing Chair  
 Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Sayaka Kamei, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Publicity & Proceedings Chair  
 Junya Nakamura, Toyohashi University of Technology, Japan 
  Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Treasurer  
 Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Steering Committee  
 Anish Arora, Ohio State University, USA 
  Shlomi Dolev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel 
  Sandeep Kulkarni, Michigan State University, USA 
  Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Franck Petit, Sorbonne Université, France 
  Sébastien Tixeuil, (Chair) Sorbonne Université, France 
  Elad Michael Schiller, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden 
  Advisory Committee  
 Sukumar Ghosh, University of Iowa, USA 
  Ted Herman, University of Iowa, USA 
  In Memory of  
 Ajoy Kumar Datta 
  Edsger W. Dijkstra 
  Mohamed Gouda 
    
 Program Committee  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Arnaud Casteigts, Co-Chair, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Sayaka Kamei, Co-Chair, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Karine Altisen, Verimag, France 
  Giuseppe Antonio Di Luna, University of Rome - Sapienza, Italy 
  Luciana Arantes, Universite Pierre et Marie Curie-Paris6, France 
  Lelia Blin, IRIF, Université Paris Cité, France 
  Swan Dubois, Sorbonne Université & Inria, France 
  Anissa Lamani, Université de Strasbourg, France 
  Pierre Leone, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Franck Petit, LiP6 CNRS-INRIA UPMC Sorbonne Universités, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Yuichi Sudo, Hosei University, Japan 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Fukuhito Ooshita, Co-Chair, Fukui University of Technology, Japan 
  Andrea Richa, Co-Chair, Arizona State University, United States 
  Rida Bazzi, Arizona State University, USA 
  Carole Delporte-Gallet, University Paris Diderot, France 
  Panagiota Fatourou, University of Crete, Greece 
  Laurent Feuilloley, University of Lyon, France 
  Olga Goussevskaia, Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil 
  Naoki Kitamura, Osaka University, Japan 
  Moti Medina, Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
  Sathya Peri, Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India 
  Michel Raynal, University of Rennes, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Gregory Schwartzman, JAIST, Japan 
  Gokarna Sharma, Kent State University, USA 
  Jamison Weber, Arizona State University, USA 
  Yingjie Xue, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, China 
  Maxwell Young, Mississippi State University, USA 
  Track C. Security, Privacy and Application of Cryptography  
 Quentin Bramas, Co-Chair, University of Strasbourg, France 
  Pascal Felber, Co-Chair, Universite de Neuchatel, Switzerland 
  Emmanuelle Anceaume, CNRS IRISA, France 
  Pierre-Louis Aublin, IIJ Research laboratory, Japan 
  Christian Cachin, University of Bern, Switzerland 
  Pandu-Rangan Chandrasekaran, Madras, India 
  Naohiro Hayashibara, Kyoto Sangyo University, Japan 
  Rüdiger Kapitza, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg, Germany 
  Pascal Lafourcade, University Clermont Auvergne, France 
  Miguel Matos, IST Lisbon, Portugal 
  Atsuko Miyaji, Osaka University, Japan 
  Raoul Strackx, Fortanix, Netherlands 
  Sara Tucci Piergiovanni, CEA LIST, France 
  Osman Unsal, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
  Susanne Wetzel, Stevens Institute of Technology, United States 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Konstantinos Georgiou, Co-Chair, Toronto Metropolitan University, Canada 
  Masahiro Shibata, Co-Chair, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan 
  John Augustine, IIT Madras, India 
  Doina Bein, California State University, USA 
  François Bonnet , Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Fabien Dufoulon, Lancaster University, UK 
  Ryota Eguchi, Nara Institute of Science and Technology, Japan 
  Darya Melnyk, TU Berlin, Germany 
  Othon Michail, University of Liverpool, UK 
  Alfredo Navarra, University of Perugia, Italy 
  Aris Pagourtzis, National Technical University of Athens, Greece 
  Denis Pankratov, Concordia University, Canada 
  Partha Sarathi Mandal, IIT Guwahati, India 
  Ramachandran Vaidyanathan, Louisiana State University, USA 
  Yukiko Yamauchi, Kyushu University, Japan 

 Supporters  
 SSS 2024 is supported by the following organizations. We deeply appreciate their supports.  

 Visit Nagoya -Nagoya City Guide- 
  MICE Nagoya (accomodation etc.) 
  Research Foundation for the Electrotechnology of Chubu 

 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Useful Links  
 SSS conference series 
  Past proceedings 
    
 Contact Us  
 SSS 2024 Organizing Team  
  Email:  sss2024-nagoya@dsl.cs.tut.ac.jp   

 © Copyright SSS 2024  . All Rights Reserved   
 Designed by BootstrapMade    

    