Skip to the content       
 Mason Datalab    
   
 George Mason University 

 Apply 
  Give 
  MyMason 
  PatriotWeb 
  PeopleFinder 
  Athletics 
  News 
  Calendar 
  Library 
  Graduation 

    Search       Menu      
  Mission 
  Application Areas 
  Research 
  Education/Training | Capstone Program 
  Professional Training 
  Work with Us 
  Contact Us 
   
   Search      

 Search for:      Close search       

 Close Menu     Mission 
  Application Areas 
  Research 
  Education/Training  Show sub menu | Capstone Program 
  Professional Training 
  Work with Us 
  Contact Us 

 Research  
 Home 
  / 
  Research 

 Indicative Capstone Projects  

 Real-time Educational AI-powered Dashboard  
 This project presents a Real-time Educational AI-powered Dashboard (READ), a novel web-based Learning Analytics Dashboard (LAD), to support instructors’ decision-making process. By fusing AI and visualization techniques, READ assists in tracking students’ activities, provide detailed insights on their responses, and supports the instructors’ decision-making process using visual analytics.  

 Digital Equity for Arlington Co.  
 The projects   focus     on studying   Key Performance Indicators (KPI) to access digital equity in terms of high-speed broadband connection, access to devices, digital literacy, and sustainability. For this, advanced data analysis and assessment methods will be used. Students   are   trained   on local government’s needs and solutions.    
  External Partner  : Arlington County  

 Data Analytics for Youth Risk and Protective Factors for Fairfax Co.  
 The projects   focus     on studying     youth surveys and performs advanced analytics and visualization methods to predict risk factors and assist domain experts to establish interventions, as needed. Students   are   trained on local government’s needs and solutions.     
  External Partner  : Fairfax County  

 Data Mining in Longitudinal Childhood Genome Study Data  
 The project focuses on applying state-of-the-art data mining and machine learning techniques to efficiently elucidate patterns in Longitudinal Childhood Genome Study Data (whole genome sequencing (WGS) from family trios, and transcriptome sequencing and methylation data from mothers) contributing to translational genomic research.  
  External partner  : Inova Translational Medicine Institute  

 Text Mining for Litigation Documents  
 In the litigation support domain, predictive coding refers to an automated categorization of legal documents for instance as responsive, non-responsive, or privileged documents in response to a discovery order of a legal dispute. The goal of this project is to study and develop automated systematic solutions for litigation document categorization based on advanced pattern mining approaches yielding cost-effective, reasonable and accurate approaches to predictive coding.  
  Funding  : Innovative Discovery, LLC  

 Applied Research Projects  

 AI-Security Living Lab Experience (AISLE)  
 The project aims on offering multidisciplinary teams of undergraduate and high school students the opportunity to work together on problems of direct relevance to the development of secure and trustworthy artificial intelligence, a growing field with a high demand for talent. Themes such as cybercrime, finance cybersecurity, health data security and cybersecurity in transportation are to be addressed.  
  Funding  : Commonwealth Cyber Initiative – Virginia  
  PIs  : N. Tryfona  

 Building Capacity for Cyber Workforce  
 The project aims to (a) enhance and align the existing academic curricula of the Northern Virginia partners with industry-identified skills, the NICE workforce framework, as well as existing and projected practices, in order to create pathways that bridge the gap between education and jobs, (b) explore and align industry certification with credit bearing coursework and ensure dual enrolment and transfer between community colleges and 4-year institutions.  
  Funding  : Commonwealth Cyber Initiative – Virginia  
  PIs  : N. Tryfona  

 DARPA  
 The U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has signed a 30 month cooperative agreement worth up to $1.5 million with George Mason University and Tulane University to fund research to test and evaluate different methods and tools for analyzing complex social phenomena.  
  PIs  : Andreas Zuefle, Andrew Crooks, Dieter Pfoser, and Carola Wenk (@Tulane University)  

 NSF/AITF: Collaborative Research: Modeling Movement on Transportation Networks Using Uncertain Data  
 Creation of a unified framework for aggregating and analyzing diverse and uncertain movement data on transportation networks and to provide tools for querying and predicting traffic volume and movement in urban environments.  
  Research areas  : geo crowdsourcing, user-generated geo content, movement analytics, data mining  
  Funding  : NSF Medium, AitF  
  PIs  : Dieter Pfoser, Andreas Zuefle, and Carola Wenk (@Tulane University)  

 DIVES: Discovering Indicators for Interactions in Finance and Government Sector  
 DIVES aims to analyze and visualize patterns of linkage, influence, and governance in the crucial arenas of finance and the military; it combines expertise from data science, social network analysis, political anthropology, geography, and public policy analysis to mine big data, identify and visualize patterns and vital trends, and inform public policy.  
  Research areas  : graph databases, pattern mining, visualization, knowledge discovery  
  Funding  : GMU Multi-displinary Research Initiative  
  PIs  : Matthias Renz, Amy Best, Dieter Pfoser, Nektaria Tryfona, Janine Wedel  

 All Together Different   
  George Mason University  
  4400 University Drive  
  Fairfax, Virginia 22030  
  Tel: +1703-993-1000  
  © 2024 George Mason University   
   
 Powered by WordPress   
   
 To the top ↑   Up ↑    Sitemap 
  Contact 
  Title IX 
  Accessibility 
  Jobs 
  Student Consumer Information 
  Privacy Statement 
  FOIA 

  