Call for Papers  
 STOC 2025  
   
 June 23-27, 2025  
  Prague, Czech Republic  
  OREA Hotel Pyramida  
   
 Paper Submission Deadline: Monday, November 4, 2024, 7:59pm EST.  
   
 Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers: March 31, 2025.  
   
 The 57th ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC 2025)  , sponsored by the ACM Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory ( SIGACT  ), will be held in Prague, Czech Republic from Monday, June 23  to Friday, June 27  .  
 Papers presenting new and original research on the theory of computation are sought. Typical but not exclusive topics of interest include algorithms and data structures, computational complexity, randomness in computing, algorithmic graph theory and combinatorics, analysis of Boolean functions, approximation algorithms, cryptography, computational learning theory, continuous and discrete optimization, economics and computation, parallel and distributed algorithms, quantum computing, algorithmic coding theory, computational geometry and topology, computational applications of logic, algebraic computation, and computational and foundational aspects of areas such as machine learning, fairness, privacy, networks, data management, databases and computational biology. Papers that extend the reach of the theory of computing, or raise important problems that can benefit from theoretical investigation and analysis, are encouraged. The program committee will make every effort to consider a broad range of areas.  
 Submission format:  Submissions should start with a title page consisting of the title of the paper, no author information (see below)  , and an abstract of a few paragraphs summarizing the paper's contributions. There is no page limit and authors are encouraged to use the "full version" of their paper as the submission. Each submission should contain within the initial ten pages following the title page a clear presentation of the merits of the paper, including a discussion of the paper's importance within the context of prior work and a description of the key technical and conceptual ideas used to achieve its main claims. This part of the submission should be addressed to a broad spectrum of theoretical computer science researchers, not solely to experts in the subarea. Proofs must be provided that can enable the main mathematical claims of the paper to be fully verified.  
   
  Although there is no bound on the length of a submission, material other than the abstract, table of contents, and the first ten pages will be read at the committee's discretion. Authors are encouraged to put the references at the very end of the submission. The submission should be typeset using 11-point or larger fonts, in a single-column, single-space (between lines) format with ample spacing throughout and 1-inch margins all around, on letter-size (8 1/2 x 11 inch) paper. Submissions deviating significantly from these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits.  
   
  STOC 2025 will use double-blind reviewing  , and as such, submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors' names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should not include obvious references that reveal their own identity, and should ensure that any references to their own related work are in the third person (e.g., not "We build on our previous work…" but rather "We build on the work of…").  
   
  The purpose of this double-blind process is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, and not to make it impossible for them to discover who the authors are if they were to try. (In particular, to manage Conflicts Of Interests, author information will be available to the PC Chair, and possibly to a small set of PC Members on an as-needed basis.) Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas.  
   
  All submissions will be treated as confidential, and will only be disclosed to the committee and their chosen sub-referees. In addition, the program committee may consult with journal editors and program chairs of other conferences about controversial issues such as parallel submissions.  
   
  PC Member Submissions:  Submissions authored or coauthored by PC members (other than the PC chair) are allowed.  
   
  Recommended Best Practices for References:  Authors are encouraged to include hyperlink cross-referencing for bibliographic entries, theorems, sections, and so on, using for example the hyperref, cleverref, or varioref packages. If helpful, a table of contents may be added on a page immediately following the title page; this will not count towards the first ten pages.  
   
  Authors are asked to avoid "et al." in citations in favor of an equal mention of all authors' surnames. If the number of authors is large, consider writing "\cite{XYZ} show..." instead of "X et al. show". Bibliographic references should preferably be alphanumeric (e.g., the first letters of the authors' surnames, or at least the first three followed by +) followed by year of publication, instead of just a numerical reference. If using BibTeX, this can be accomplished by using \bibliographystyle{alpha} or \bibliographystyle{alphaurl}.  
 Conflict of Interest Policy:  The submission process will include declaration of conflicts of interest (COI), to help manage the double-blind review process. This declared COI information can only be seen by the program committee chair and thus cannot be used by the rest of the program committee to deanonymize authors. (Notwithstanding, a small set of PC Members may see some of this information if their input is required in managing COIs.) STOC 2025 will use the following Conflict of Interest Policy, which combines aspects suggested by SafeToC (see here  ) and the ACM Conflict of Interest policy  . Authors should limit their COI declaration to the following categories:  
 Family member or close friend. 
  Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  Person with the same affiliation. 
  Person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Reviewer owes author a favor (e.g., recently requested a reference letter). 
  Frequent/recent collaborator, or recipients of joint funding (within the last 2 years or reasonably expected within the next year) who you believe cannot objectively review your work. 
  If an author believes that they have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, then they can contact the PC chair or any ToC advocate  affiliated with this conference directly. Note that if the program chair has reason to doubt the validity of the claim of conflict of interest, then they may request that a ToC advocate confidentially verify the reason for the conflict. Falsely declared conflicts (i.e., ones that do not satisfy one of the listed reasons) risk rejection without consideration of merit. If authors are uncertain, they are encouraged to email the PC chair or a ToC advocate.  
 Submission Instructions:  Authors are required to submit their papers electronically, in PDF (without security restrictions on copying or printing).  
 The submission server  is scheduled to open on October 1, 2024.   
 It is expected that authors of accepted papers will make their full papers, with proofs, publicly available on arXiv, ECCC, or a similar preprint service by the camera-ready deadline.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects. Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Prior and Simultaneous Submissions:  The conference will follow SIGACT's policy on prior publication and simultaneous submissions. Work that has been previously published in another conference proceedings or journal, or which is scheduled for publication prior to June 2025, will not be considered for acceptance at STOC 2025. The only exception to this policy are prior or simultaneous publications appearing in the Science and Nature journals. SIGACT policy does not allow simultaneous submissions of the same (or essentially the same) material to another conference with published proceedings. The program committee may consult with program chairs of other (past or future) conferences to find out about closely related submissions.  
 Presentation of Accepted Papers:  One author of each accepted paper will be expected to register and present the work in the form of a talk at the conference. Authors are expected to contact the program chair before submission in case it is anticipated that a strong reason (e.g., international travel restrictions) would prevent all authors from attending the conference. Authors will also be asked to upload a recording of their talk in advance of the conference, to enable it to be viewed by people who cannot attend in person.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
  
 Dates and other relevant information:  
 Paper submission deadline:  Monday, November 4, 2024, 7:59pm EST. There is no separate abstract submission deadline.  
   
  Notification date:  by email on or before February 1, 2025.  
   
  Camera-ready versions of accepted papers:  A camera-ready copy of each accepted paper is required by March 31, 2025. The format of your paper must strictly adhere to the ACM Format  , and specifically the sigconf option. (LaTeX users, please use: \documentclass[sigconf,screen]{acmart}). Additional instructions will be sent directly to the authors of accepted papers.  
   
  STOC talks:  Monday morning June 23 to Friday afternoon June 27, 2025.  
   
 Publication date:  AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. (For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.)  
 Best Paper Award:  The program committee may designate up to three papers accepted to the conference as STOC Best Papers. All submissions are automatically eligible. In addition to the standard COI-avoidance, the final designation process will be conducted by the subset of PC Members with no submission to the conference. Rules for the award can be found at https://www.sigact.org/prizes/best_paper.html  .  
 Danny Lewin Best Student Paper Award:  A prize of $500 will be given to the author(s) of the best student-authored paper (or split between more than one paper if there is a tie). A paper is eligible if all of its authors are full-time students at the time of submission. To inform the program committee about a paper's eligibility, check the appropriate box in the web form on the submission server. The list of past winners can be found at https://www.sigact.org/prizes/student.html  .  
 Access to Proceedings:  The committee intends to provide registered attendees with internet access to the Proceedings on a password-protected site that will be available from about two weeks before the conference until the end of the conference. Authors can opt out of this online distribution by contacting the program committee chair by March 19, 2025.  
 Student Travel Awards:  SIGACT provides travel awards to students without available support, and researchers from developing countries. More information on the award process will be posted later on.  
 Program Committee:  
  
 Amir Abboud  (ToC Advocate)  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Pankaj K. Agarwal  , Duke University  
  Sepehr Assadi  , University of Waterloo  
  Mitali Bafna  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Nikhil Bansal  (chair)  , University of Michigan  
  Soheil Behnezhad  , Northeastern University  
  Petra Berenbrink  , University of Hamburg  
  Aaron Bernstein  , NYU Tandon  
  Nir Bitansky  , NYU Courant and Tel Aviv University  
  Zvika Brakerski  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Timothy Chan  , University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  
  Zongchen Chen  , Georgia Tech  
  Andrew Childs  , University of Maryland  
  Julia Chuzhoy  , Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago  
  Edith Cohen  , Google Research  
  Artur Czumaj  , University of Warwick  
  Dan Dadush  , CWI Amsterdam  
  Anindya De  , University of Pennsylvania  
  Shahar Dobzinski  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Michal Feldman  (ToC Advocate)  , Tel Aviv University  
  Yuval Filmus  , Technion  
  Badih Ghazi  , Google Research  
  Mika Goos  , EPFL  
  David Gosset  , University of Waterloo  
  Elena Grigorescu  , Purdue University  
  Prahladh Harsha  , TIFR  
  Shuichi Hirahara  , NII Japan  
  Zhiyi Huang  , University of Hong Kong  
  Sungjin Im  , UC Santa Cruz  
  Stacey Jeffery  , CWI and University of Amsterdam  
  Haotian Jiang  , University of Chicago  
  Gautam Kamath  , University of Waterloo  
  Dakshita Khurana  (ToC Advocate)  , University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  
  Pravesh Kothari  , Princeton University  
  Amit Kumar  , IIT Delhi  
  William Kuszmaul  , Carnegie Mellon University  
  Rasmus Kyng  , ETH Zurich | Shi Li  , Nanjing University  
  Nutan Limaye  , IT University of Copenhagen  
  Kuikui Liu  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Alex Lombardi  , Princeton University  
  Brendan Lucier  , Microsoft Research  
  Kostya Makarychev  , Northwestern University  
  Daniel Marx  , CISPA  
  Claire Mathieu  , CNRS Paris  
  Dor Minzer  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Marco Molinaro  , PUC-Rio and Microsoft Research  
  Shay Moran  , Technion and Google Research  
  Kamesh Munagala  , Duke University  
  Danupon Nanongkai  , MPI Saarbruecken  
  Jesper Nederlof  , Utrecht University  
  Merav Parter  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Marcin Pilipczuk  , University of Warsaw  
  Seth Pettie  , University of Michigan  
  Harald Raecke  , TU Munich  
  Sofya Raskhodnikova  , Boston University  
  Susanna Rezende  , Lund University  
  Thomas Rothvoss  , University of Washington  
  Aviad Rubinstein  , Stanford University  
  Ramprasad Saptharishi  , TIFR  
  Chris Schwiegelshohn  , Aarhus University  
  Aaron Sidford  , Stanford University  
  Makrand Sinha  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  
  Amnon Ta-Shma  , Tel Aviv University  
  Inbal Talgam-Cohen  (ToC Advocate)  , Technion  
  Eva Tardos  (ToC Advocate)  , Cornell University  
  Roei Tell  , University of Toronto  
  Jonathan Ullman  , Northeastern University  
  Thuy-Duong Vuong  , UC Berkeley  
  Jens Vygen  , University of Bonn  
  Alex Wein  , UC Davis  
  Daniel Wichs  , Northeastern University and NTT Research  
  Ryan Williams  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Henry Yuen  , Columbia University  
  Mark Zhandry  , NTT Research  
  Uri Zwick  , Tel Aviv University 
  
 Local Arrangements Chair:  Michal Koucky  , Charles University  
  Theory Fest Chair:  Raghu Meka  , UCLA  
   
  