  
 What are you looking for?   

 Toggle menu    SYSTOR 2024 | Organizers 
  Program Committee 
  Past Conferences 
  Program | Keynotes 
  Full Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Accepted Posters 
  ISW 2024 
  Call for Papers | Research Track 
  Posters Track 
  Highlights Track 
  Submission Instructions 
  Sponsors | Our Sponsors 
  Become a Sponsor 
  ISW 2024 | Program 
  Keynote 
  Highlight Papers and Panel 
  ISW Accepted Posters 
  Arriving & Parking 
  Pictures 

 Call for Papers  

 Call for Papers  
  
 The ACM International Systems and Storage Conference (SYSTOR) is an international forum for interaction across the systems research community. The program includes innovative, peer-reviewed research papers in the broad area of systems, as well as distinguished keynote lecturers, a poster session, and social events. ACM SYSTOR is designed to engage academic and industrial researchers and practitioners, welcoming both students and seasoned professionals.   

 Call for Papers  
 SYSTOR has traditionally welcomed academic and industrial papers in systems including storage, cloud and distributed systems, networking, and systems security, broadly construed. While continuing on this tradition, this year, we are broadening the scope to also include research on systems issues in AI and/or sustainability, including those that involve workload optimization, data processing, lifecycle of systems, carbon footprint transparency, and system re-designs. SYSTOR encourages submissions that describe results from experimental system prototypes, as well as experience papers describing practical deployments, and valuable lessons learned from them.   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
 Systems and workload optimization for AI/ML systems 
  Sustainability/carbon footprint of computer and network systems 
  System security and trust 
  Big Data infrastructure 
  Cloud, edge, data center, and distributed systems 
  Embedded and real-time systems 
  Fault tolerance, reliability, and availability 
  File and storage systems 
  Networked, mobile, wireless, peer-to-peer, and sensor systems 
  Operating systems, computer architecture, and their interactions 
  Performance evaluation and workload characterization 
  Runtime systems and compiler/programming-language support 
  System deployment, usage, and experience 
  System design or adaptation for emerging storage technologies 
  Virtualization and containers 
  Storage 3.0 
  SYSTOR 2024 solicits submissions in four separate categories:   
 Full Papers Track | – original research, at most 12 pages, excluding references 
  Short Papers Track | – original research, at most 5 pages, excluding references 
  Posters with Extended Abstract Track | – original work presented as a poster, accompanied by an extended abstract in the conference proceedings 
  Highlights Track for the Israeli Systems Workshop | – papers previously published in a systems conference 
  Attendance  
 Systor 2024 is postponed to September 23-24 and will be virtual.  
    
 Due to concerns about the current situation in Israel, ACM Systor 2024 conference will be virtual, in collaboration with the Israeli Systems Workshop on September 25  in the Academic College of Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel.  

 // Important Dates  

 Full and Short Papers Track 
 Paper Submission | Wednesday, June 19, 2024 (11:59:59pm CEST)   
  Monday, June 24, 2024 (11:59:59pm CEST) 
 Acceptance Notification | Wednesday, August 7, 2024 
 Camera-ready | Monday, August 26, 2024 

 Posters with Extended Abstract  
  Track 
 Poster & Abstract Submission | Monday, July 15, 2024 (11:59:59pm CEST) 
 Acceptance Notification | Sunday, July 28, 2024 
 Camera-ready | Wednesday, August 14, 2024 

 Highlight Papers for the Israeli Systems Workshop 
 Abstract Submission | Wednesday, July 24, 2024 (11:59:59pm CEST) 
 Acceptance Notification | Thursday, August 8, 2024 

 Additional posters for the Israeli Systems Workshop 
 Abstract Submission | September 5, 2024 

 Systor Virtual Conference | September 23-24, 2024 
 The Israeli Systems Workshop | September 25, 2024 

 // Research Track  

 SYSTOR accepts both full-length and short papers. A short paper is intended for an idea that can be described and evaluated in fewer pages; the goal of the short paper is not for preliminary work or workshop-style position papers.   
 A good SYSTOR paper should present a novel, compelling solution to a well-motivated problem. The evaluation should demonstrate the strengths and weaknesses of the solution in settings that are as realistic as possible, including test applications workloads, system parameters, and assumed constraints. Authors should clearly describe their contribution in the context of prior work, and draw meaningful conclusions from their work.   
 The program committee also encourages submissions that describe lessons learned from operational (especially large-scale) system deployments. Such submissions are expected to include sufficient details of the system, its design goals, and the methods used for evaluating whether these goals were met.   
 The program committee will value submissions accompanied by supplemental material such as traces and open-source code that can help reproduce the reported results, and advance additional research in the field.   
 A small set of outstanding papers will be forwarded to a suitable journal, such as ACM journal Transactions on Storage (TOS) or Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS), for a fast-tracked review process for an expanded version of the paper.   
 As a published ACM author, you and your co-authors are subject to all  ACM Publications Policies   , including ACM’s new  Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects   .   
 Accepted papers may be invited to participate also in the Israeli Systems Workshop.  

 // Posters Track  

 SYSTOR also welcomes academic and industrial posters. See “Call for Papers” above for foci and relevant areas.   
 A good poster submission will articulate and motivate an interesting problem, and describe a new insight or approach to addressing this problem. It will clearly present the work in progress (or attained results), and the expected outcomes from future work. The poster should present these details in a manner that is clear and captivating.   
 Poster submissions should include a one-page extended abstract, and a draft of the poster. The extended abstracts of accepted posters will be included in the online conference proceedings in the ACM Digital Library. The program committee will review poster submissions in a single-blind manner.   
 As a published ACM author, you and your co-authors are subject to all  ACM Publications Policies   , including ACM’s new  Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects   .   
 Accepted posters can opt-in for physical presentation at the Israeli Systems Workshop in person.  
 Additional posters to be presented (physically) in ISW – the Israeli Systems Workshop  only, can be submitted by September 5.  
   Send a title, abstract and name of presenter to sarelco@mta.ac.il  and moshesu@mta.ac.il   

 // HIGHLIGHTS TRACK - ISRAELI SYSTEMS WORKSHOP  

 The highlights track gives an opportunity for research, published over the last year in a systems conference (e.g., SOSP, OSDI, FAST, ASPLOS, EuroSys, ATC, NSDI), to reach a broader audience with a second presentation (similar to ATC’s “Best of the Rest” track). Highlight papers will be presented in-person  at the Israeli Systems Workshop on September 25, so at least one author must physically attend the workshop.  
 Submission should include the paper abstract and details (where / when) of the previous publication. The paper will not be republished in the SYSTOR conference proceedings in the ACM Digital Library.  

 // Submission Instructions  

 Research papers (full and short) should be submitted through: https://systor24.hotcrp.com   
 Posters should be submitted through: https://systor24posters.hotcrp.com   
 Highlight papers for the Israeli Systems Workshop should be submitted through: https://systor24highlights.hotcrp.com   
 Additional posters to be presented (physically) in ISW – the Israeli Systems Workshop  only, can be submitted by September 5.  
   Send a title, abstract and name of presenter to sarelco@mta.ac.il  and moshesu@mta.ac.il   
  
 Review Process  
 The program committee will review submissions  to the Research Track in a double-blind manner. All submissions should be properly anonymized, removing all identifiable information whenever possible including obvious self-references. Papers not properly anonymized may be rejected without review.   
 Any submissions accompanied by a non-disclosure agreement will be returned without review  .   
 Copyright and originality of the work  
 SYSTOR will enforce  ACM’s Plagiarism policy   regarding copying and resubmission of prior work. Simultaneous submissions are not allowed: any work submitted to SYSTOR must not be under consideration for another workshop, conference, or journal.   
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the earlier of either the first day of the conference or the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to  two weeks prior   to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.   
 Formatting instructions  
 Papers should be submitted electronically as a PDF. All text and figures must fit within a 7”x9” text block, centered on the page, using two columns with .33 inches of separation. The paper should be typeset using a 10-point font (Times New Roman or similar) with a 12-point (single-spaced) leading.   
 For the Full and Short Paper Tracks, please follow  paper formatting instructions   . The author kit, which contains the Latex style and template,  is available here   .   
 For the Posters Track, please follow  poster formatting instructions   . The author kit, which contains the Latex style and template, is available here   .   
 Please ensure that your paper satisfies all the above requirements for content and formatting before submission; if you have a question about any of these issues, please email the program chairs: Sam H. Noh and Aviad Zuck  .    
 Additional instructions regarding camera-ready versions of accepted papers will be sent directly to the corresponding authors and will appear  he  re  after the notification to authors.   
 Virtual presentation instructions  
 Please follow the video preparation and presentation instructions provided here  .  
 Arxiv  
 A paper submitted to SYSTOR can be submitted simultaneously to Arxiv, with some changes. We would like the authors to make an honest effort to preserve anonymity. Please ensure the SYSTOR submission is using a different title and a different system name from the Arxiv version. It would be useful to let the chairs know if there is an Arxiv paper so that we can intervene if PC members find it accidentally and think the submission is plagiarizing the Arxiv paper.   
 Open Source  
 The authors of a SYSTOR submission are encouraged to associate a source code repo with their submission, but this repo must be completely anonymized. It is alright if a named (= not anonymized) source code repo exists, so long as it isn’t associated/linked with the submission in any way. An anonymized repo can be a clone of the named repo which is modified to be anonymous. Another way to do this is  https://anonymous.4open.science/   .   

 // Sponsored by  

 // In cooperation with  

 // Platinum Sponsors  

 // Gold Sponsors  

 // Silver Sponsors  

 Join us for SYSTOR 2024!  

 Contact us  
  General Chair     

  Sponsorship     

 Copyright © 2024 SYSTOR  . All rights reserved   

       