  ETAPS 2025 | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Satellite Events 
  Programme 
  Invited Speakers 
  ESOP 2025 
  FASE 2025 
  FoSSaCS 2025 
  TACAS 2025 
  Industry Day 
  Organizers 
  About | About ETAPS 
  ETAPS Association 
  Steering Committee 
  Sustainability 
  ETAPS-F 
  FoPSS Schools 
  Anti-Harassment Policy 
  DEI Policy 
  Disclaimer 
  Conferences | ESOP 
  FASE 
  FoSSaCS 
  TACAS 
  Proceedings 
  Awards | Best Paper 
  Test of Time 
  Doctoral Dissertation 
  Test-of-Time Tool 
  Lifetime 
  Past Editions 
  ETAPS Blog 
  Future Editions | ETAPS 2026 
  Log in | Join us 
   
 Log in | Join us      
   
 ETAPS Joint Call for Papers  
 Hamilton, Canada, May 3–8, 2025  
   
 Important Dates  
   
 Submission deadline for ESOP, round 1: | May 30, 2024, 23:59 AoE 
  Rebuttal for ESOP, round 1: | July 23–25, 2024 
  Notification for ESOP, round 1: | August 8, 2024 
  Submission deadline for ESOP round 2: | October 10, 2024, 23:59 AoE | (submitted papers can be polished until October 14 23:59, AoE) 
  Submission deadline for TACAS, FoSSaCS, FASE: | October 10, 2024, 23:59 AoE | (submitted papers can be polished until October 14 23:59, AoE) 
  TACAS mandatory artifact submission deadline: | October 24, 2024 
  Rebuttal (ESOP, FoSSaCS, partially TACAS): | December 3–5, 2024 
  Paper notification and TACAS mandatory artifact notification: | December 20, 2024 
  ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS artifact, TACAS voluntary artifact submission deadline: | January 9, 2025 
  Paper final version: | January 30, 2025 
  Artifact notification ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS, TACAS (voluntary artifacts): | February 13, 2025 
  Main Conference: | May 5–8, 2025 

 Paper Submission  
   
 ESOP 
  FASE 
  FoSSaCS 
  TACAS 

 Joint Call For Papers  

 ABOUT ETAPS  
 ETAPS is a primary forum for academic and industrial researchers working on topics relating to software science. ETAPS, established in 1998, is a confederation of four annual conferences accompanied by satellite workshops. ETAPS 2025 is the twenty-eighth event in the series.  
 Why choose ETAPS?  
 ETAPS is one of the world’s leading fora for research on software science, with a history of more than 25 years. 
  The proceedings of ETAPS appear in gold open access, with no article processing charge for the authors specifically. 
  All constituent conferences provide artifact evaluation. 
  In addition to the conference, ETAPS also unites the software science community with activities such as a blog on software science, a PhD workshop, sessions on diversity and inclusion and an ask-me-anything session. 
  Poster and Tool demo sessions are organized over the week. 
  Spin Symposium and Rust Verification Workshop are colocated with ETAPS again. 
  What is new in 2025?  
 Two submission rounds for ESOP – see | ESOP page 
  ETAPS is organized in North America for the first time! 
  Distinguished paper awards for the best ETAPS papers 
  Lunch roulette 
  MAIN CONFERENCES (May 5–8, 2025)  
 ESOP: European Symposium on Programming (PC chair: Viktor Vafeiadis, MPI-SWS) 
  FASE: Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering (PC chairs: Artur Boronat, University of Leicester Gordon Fraser, University of Passau) 
  FoSSaCS: Foundations of Software Science and Computation Structures (PC chairs: Delia Kesner, Université Paris Cité, Parosh Abdulla, Uppsala University) 
  TACAS: Tools and Algorithms for the Construction and Analysis of Systems (PC chairs: Arie Gurfinkel, University of Waterloo Marijn Heule, Carnegie Mellon University) 
  INVITED SPEAKERS  
 Amal Ahmed, Northeastern University 
  Matt Dwyer, University of Virginia 
  José Meseguer, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign 
  Ina Schaefer, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology 
  In addition, two more invited tutorial speakers will be announced later. 
  IMPORTANT DATES  
 Submission deadline for ESOP, round 1: May 30, 2024, 23:59 AoE 
  Rebuttal for ESOP, round 1: July 23–25, 2024 
  Notification for ESOP, round 1: August 8, 2024 
  Submission deadline for ESOP round 2: October 10, 2024, 23:59 AoE 
  Submission deadline for TACAS, FoSSaCS, FASE: October 10, 2024, 23:59 AoE 
  TACAS mandatory artifact submission deadline: October 24, 2024 
  Rebuttal (ESOP, FoSSaCS, partially TACAS): December 3–5, 2024 
  Paper notification and TACAS mandatory artifact notification: December 20, 2024 
  ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS artifact, TACAS voluntary artifact submission deadline: January 9, 2025 
  Paper final version: January 30, 2025 
  Artifact notification ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS, TACAS (voluntary artifacts): February 13, 2025 
  Main Conference: May 5–8, 2025 
  PUBLICATION  
 The proceedings will be published in the Advanced Research in Computing and Software Science (ARCoSS) subline of Springer’s LNCS series. The proceedings volumes will appear in gold open access, so the published versions of all papers will be available for everyone to download from the publisher’s website freely from the date of online publication, perpetually. The copyright of the papers will remain with the authors.  
 AWARDS  
 The strongest papers from the four conferences will be marked as distinguished papers and highlighted in the conference program. From these distinguished papers, the EAPLS, EASST, and EATCS, and the Best Tool Paper Award committees will select the best ETAPS papers.  
 The ETAPS Test-of-Time Award will be granted, recognizing outstanding papers published at ETAPS more than ten years in the past.  
 The ETAPS Rance Cleaveland Test-of-Time Tool Award acknowledges the importance of reliable and well-maintained research tools and the significant effort that their creation and maintenance entails.  
 The Doctoral Dissertation Award will be granted to promote and recognize an outstanding dissertation in the research areas covered by the four main ETAPS conferences.  
 All distinguished papers will be highlighted in the program.  
 SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS  
 The four main conferences of ETAPS 2025 solicit contributions of the following types. All page limits are given excluding the bibliography  .  
 ESOP: regular research papers of max 25 pp, experience reports of max 15 pp, and fresh perspectives providing new insights on programming languages and systems of max 15 pp. For the sake of flexibility, submitted research papers may be formatted in other formats. There is no page limit at the submission time. Please refer to | ESOP page | for more details. 
  FASE: regular research papers and empirical evaluation papers of max 18 pp; new ideas and emerging results (NIER) papers of max 8 pp; tool demonstration papers and data showcase papers of max 8 pp (+ optional appendix of max 6 pp), 
  FoSSaCS: regular research papers of max 18 pp; no submissions of PC members are allowed 
  TACAS: regular research papers, case study papers, and regular tool papers of max 16 pp tool demonstration papers of max 6 pp 
  For definitions of the different paper types and specific instructions where they are present, see the web pages of the individual conferences.  
 All accepted papers will appear in Springer proceedings and have presentations during the conference. A condition of submission is that, if the submission is accepted, one of the authors attends the conference to give the presentation. We plan ETAPS 2025 as an on-site conference.  
 Submitted papers must be in English, presenting original research. They must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere. In particular, simultaneous submission of the same contribution to multiple ETAPS conferences is forbidden.  
 Submissions must follow the formatting guidelines of Springer’s LNCS (use the llncs.cls class) and be submitted electronically in pdf through the Easychair author interface of the respective conference. Submissions not adhering to the specified format and length may be rejected immediately.  
 ESOP, FASE, and TACAS will use double-blind reviewing (in the case of TACAS only for regular research papers). Authors are asked to omit their names and institutions; refer to prior work in the third person, just as prior work by others; not to include acknowledgments that might identify them.  
 ESOP and FoSSaCS will use an author rebuttal phase  . TACAS will use rebuttal for selected submissions (those in the gray zone).  
 Artifact submission and evaluation  
 Regular tool paper and tool demonstration paper submissions to TACAS must be accompanied by an artifact submitted shortly after the paper. The artifact will be evaluated, and the outcome will be considered in the paper’s acceptance decision.  
 For research paper and case study paper submissions, pre-paper-acceptance submission of an artifact is optional; if an artifact is submitted at this point, it will be handled as described above.  
 Alternatively, authors of papers of these categories may submit an artifact for evaluation after the paper has been accepted. The outcome of the artifact evaluation will then not change the paper acceptance decision.  
 ESOP, FASE, and FoSSaCS will accept artifact submissions; however participation in it is voluntary; the artifact submission deadline is after the paper notification deadline. The outcome will not alter the paper acceptance decision.  
 For ESOP, artifacts may be submitted with an accompanying short 5-page experience report (including a 1-page bibliography) that will appear in the conference proceedings.  
 For specific instructions regarding artifacts, see the web pages of the individual conferences.  
 SATELLITE EVENTS (May 3–4, 2025)  
 Several satellite workshops and other events will take place during the weekend before the main conferences.  
 CITY AND HOST INSTITUTION  
 ETAPS 2025 will take place in Hamilton, Canada and is organized by McMaster University. The Faculty of Engineering at McMaster University has a reputation for innovative programs, cutting-edge research, leading faculty, and aspiring students. It has earned a strong reputation as a center for academic excellence and innovation. The Faculty has approximately 180 faculty members, along with close to 4,500 undergraduate and 1,000 graduate students. The Faculty of Engineering promotes a nurturing and inclusive environment where opportunities are made available for personal growth and professional development. McMaster University beautiful campus is at the north-west end of Hamilton on the western end of Lake Ontario, between the Niagara Escarpment, conservation lands, and the Royal Botanical Gardens. Hamilton, with a population of over 500,000, is a vibrant community with easy access to Toronto and the Niagara region. It is located at the northern tip of an ecological zone commonly called the Carolinian Forest that encompasses the southernmost portion of Ontario but occurs nowhere else in Canada. As a result, Hamilton is home to many unique species of plants and animals that only occur here because the summer climate approaches that of North and South Carolina in the United States. For further information, please refer to the tourism website  .  
 ORGANIZERS  
 Claudio Menghi – University of Bergamo, Italy, and McMaster University, Canada 
  Mark Lawford – McMaster University, Canada 

   ETAPS International Joint Conferences On Theory & Practice Of Software  
   
 ETAPS Association     
   
 Internal     
   
 Responsible for these web pages:  
   
  Jan Kofroň  
  Faculty of Mathematics and Physics  
  Charles University, Czech Republic  
  E-mail: firstname.lastname [at] d3s.mff.cuni.cz  
  Phone: +420 951 554 285  

 ETAPS Policies  |  Disclaimer    
 © 2022–2024 ETAPS Association. All rights reserved.   

  