TARK-2025  
  Call for Papers   
   
 Home 
  About TARK 
  Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Organisation 
  Invited Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Programme 
  The Venue 
  Registration & Attendance 
    
 Extended abstracts can be submitted at: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=tark2025  .  
 Deadline for abstract registrations: March 14, 2025, anywhere on earth.   
 Deadline for submissions: March 21, 2025, anywhere on earth.   
 Scope and Mission  
 The mission of the TARK conferences is to bring together researchers from a wide variety of fields, including Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Game Theory, Decision Theory, Philosophy, Logic, Linguistics, and Cognitive Science, in order to further our understanding of interdisciplinary issues involving reasoning about rationality and knowledge. Previous conferences have been held bi-annually around the world. The information of all previous TARK conferences can be accessed at http://www.tark.org  . Topics of interest  
 These include, but are not limited to, semantic models for knowledge, belief, awareness and uncertainty, bounded rationality and resource-bounded reasoning, commonsense epistemic reasoning, epistemic logic, epistemic game theory knowledge and action, applications of reasoning about knowledge and other mental states, belief revision computational social choice, algorithmic game theory, and foundations of multi-agent systems. Content  
 Strong preference will be given to papers whose topic is of interest to an interdisciplinary audience, and papers should be accessible to such an audience. Papers will be held to the usual high standards of research publications. In particular, they should: contain enough information to enable the program committee to identify the main contribution of the work; 
  explain the significance of the work–its novelty and its practical or theoretical implications; and 
  include comparisons with and references to relevant literature. 
  Style  
 Extended abstracts should be no longer than 10 pages. Optional technical details such as proofs may be included in an appendix. One author of each accepted paper will be expected to present the paper at the conference. Note that the 10 page limit is to ensure that the reviewers can read and express an opinion on the submission within a short time. Please ensure that the main text for the reviewers stays within this limit. Format:  
 To format your paper, please use the EPTCS LaTeX style from: https://style.eptcs.org/  .  
 TARK reviewing is not double-anonymised, so author names can be included in the submission.  

 • Impressum  • Datenschutz  • Kontakt  ^ top    
   
  