     
 Home 
  Symposium | Keynote Speakers 
  Committees 
  Program 
  Local Organizer 
  Venue 
  Social Events 
  CfP & Submission | Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Travel | About Limassol 
  About Cyprus 
  Travel Information 
   
 Select Page     

 Call for Papers  

 Overview   
 The 19th Theoretical Aspects of Software Engineering Conference (TASE 2025) will be held in Limassol, Cyprus, on July 14-16, 2025. TASE 2025 aims to bring together researchers and developers from academia and industry with interest in the theoretical aspects of software engineering. Modern society is increasingly dependent on software systems that are becoming larger and more complex. This poses new challenges to current software engineering methodologies that need to be enhanced using modern results from theoretical computer science. We invite submission of research papers on topics covering all theoretical aspects of software engineering, including those describing applications of theoretical computer science in industrial applications and software engineering methodologies.  
 Topics of Interest   
 Authors are invited to submit high quality technical papers describing original and unpublished work in all theoretical aspects of software engineering. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
   
 Software engineering, including:   
 ■ Software processes and workflows  
 ■ Software architectures and design  
 ■ Software product lines  
 ■ Requirements engineering  
 ■ Model-driven software engineering  
 ■ Software testing and quality assurance  
 ■ Software safety, security and reliability  
 ■ Reverse engineering and software maintenance  
 ■ Component-based software engineering  
 ■ Feature-oriented programming  
 ■ Program synthesis  
 ■ Use of AI and large language models in software engineering  
  
 Formal methods and theoretical computer science, including:   
 ■ Deductive verification  
 ■ Model checking  
 ■ Theorem proving, decision procedures, SAT and SMT  
 ■ Specification languages  
 ■ Program logics and calculi  
 ■ Formal languages and automata theory  
 ■ Run-time verification and monitoring  
 ■ Integration of formal methods  
 ■ Formal methods for AI systems, and vice versa  
  
 Programming language design and technology, including:   
 ■ Formal semantics  
 ■ Abstract interpretation and program analysis  
 ■ Language paradigms, including object-oriented, functional, declarative, etc.  
 ■ Type systems and behavioral typing  
 ■ Compiler design  
 ■ Domain-specific languages  
  
 Tools and application areas, including:   
 ■ Software tools putting theory into practice  
 ■ Cyber-physical, embedded, and real-time systems  
 ■ Distributed and concurrent systems  
 ■ Semantic web and web services  
 ■ Service-oriented programming and cloud computing  
 ■ Quantum circuits and programs  
 ■ Cryptographic algorithms  
  
 Submission   
 Submissions to the conference must not have been published or be concurrently considered for publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation quality, and relevance to the conference. The proceedings will be published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Papers should be written in English and should not exceed 16 pages (excluding bibliography) for long papers and 6 pages (excluding bibliography) for short papers in LNCS format. Submissions should be made through the TASE 2025 submission page, handled by the EasyChair conference management system.  
 Submission link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=tase2025  .  
 The authors of a selected subset of accepted papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to a special issue in journal Science of Computer Programming ( https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/science-of-computer-programming  ).  

 TASE 2025  
 The 19th International Symposium onTheoretical Aspects of Software Engineering  
 July 14-16 2025  
 Venue:  
 St. Raphael Resort  
  Limassol, Cyprus  

 ACADEMIC MATTERS  
 Prof. George A. Papadopoulos  
  University of Cyprus  
  Email: george@ucy.ac.cy   

 COORDINATOR  
 Local Arrangements   
 EASY CONFERENCES  
 Website: www.easyconferences.eu    
  Tel : (+357) 22 591 900  
  Email: info@easyconferences.eu    

 LOCATION  

 All rights reserved |  EasyConferences Ltd.      

   