     

 Home 
  Information | About Organiser 
  Committee 
  Conference Venue 
  Organising Secretariat & Housing Bureau 
  Authors | Call for Paper 
  Programme | Technical Programme 
  Floorplan 
  Speakers 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship & Exhibition | Sponsors 
  Accommodation 
  Venue/Travel | About Singapore 
  Beyond Singapore 
  Travel Information 
  Sights & Sounds of Singapore 
  Log in 

 Follow 
  Follow 
  Follow 

  CALL FOR PAPER  
 (up to 4 pages in 2 columns)    

 Paper Deadline    
 Paper Submission    

 TENCON is a premier international technical conference of IEEE Region 10, which comprises 60 Sections, 6 Councils and 42 Subsections in the Asia Pacific regions.  
 The theme for IEEE TENCON 2024 is Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning Technologies for a Sustainable Future  and it will be held in Singapore over December 1 – 4, 2024.   
 This conference is expected to bring together researchers, educators, students, practitioners, technocrats and policymakers from across academia, government, industry and non-governmental organizations to discuss, share and promote current works and recent accomplishments across all aspects of electrical, electronics and computer engineering, and information technology. Distinguished speakers will be invited to deliver keynote speeches and invited talks on trends and significant advances in the emerging technologies.  

 Click Here to Submit Paper    

 Paper Deadlines   

 Call for Recent Result Submission Deadline | Friday, 26 Jul 2024   
   Wednesday, 31 Jul 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance of Paper | Wednesday, 21 Aug 2024   
  Sunday, 1 Sept 2024   
  Monday, 9 Sept 2024 
 Final Manuscripts Submission | Tuesday, 10 Sept 2024  
  Monday, 16 Sept 2024  
  Monday, 30 Sept 2024   
  Friday, 11 Oct 2024 

 More Information   

 Technical Topics  
 The online electronic paper submission will open from March 1, 2024. The scope of conference papers and exhibits include but not limited to the following areas:  
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
  Data Analytics and Big Data 
  Robotics, Control, Instrumentation and Automation 
  Signal Processing and Image Recognition 
  Computational Intelligence 
  Network and Cyber-Security 
  Communications and Networks 
  RF/Millimeter-wave Circuits and Systems 
  Antennas, Propagation and Computational EM 
  Analog and Mixed Signal ICs 
  Optical Communications and Sensors 
  Photonic Technologies 
  Internet of Things/MEMs Sensors 
  Power Electronics 
  Power Generation, Transmission and Distribution 
  Electrical Motors and Drives 
  Renewable Energy Sources and Technology 
  Electronic Devices & Materials Processing 
  Nano-electronics 
  3D Printing 
  Quantum Technologies 
  Education in Engineering and Technology 
  Biomedical Engineering and Healthcare Technologies 

 IEEE TENCON 2024 BEST PAPER AWARDS  
 IEEE TENCON 2024 awards consist of Best Conference Paper and Best Student Paper Awards. The best papers will be selected from the contributed papers for awards. Students are encouraged to submit the papers provided that the student is the principal author and also the presenter. Please indicate in your electronic submission if you want to be considered for the Student Paper Prize.  

 Paper Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are requested to submit a paper up to 4 pages in two column  , including title, author’s affiliation, paper, figures, and references.  
 During the initial paper submission, authors should clearly summarize the novelty of their contribution in a paragraph. The submission must be submitted to https://edas.info/login.php?rurl=aHR0cHM6Ly9lZGFzLmluZm8v  . No hard copy submission will be accepted.  

 Paper Presentation  
 Types of Presentations 
  Oral Presentation 
  Poster Presentation | There will be a dedicated area for posters and interactions with poster presenters. Only selected posters will be chosen for presentation at the session. 
  Notification of Acceptance 
  The Presenting Author of each paper accepted will be notified by email. 
  Accepted papers will be notified by: | Monday, 8 September 2024. 
  Publication 
  Upon acceptance of your paper, the presenting author must register for the IEEE TENCON 2024 to present at the Oral Presentation or the Poster Presentation. 
  The paper will be published only if the presenting author or co-author is registered and full payment is received by | Friday, 11 October 2024. 
  Please use this submission template | https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html 
  No changes to accepted papers will be allowed. 

 Withdrawal of Paper  
 Authors have the right to withdraw their papers before publication and must inform the organizer in writing by Thursday, 29 August 2024  . It’s also the author duty to notify their co-authors about the withdrawal. All withdrawal can only be done with permission from all authors.  

 Contact  
 For more information, please contact:  
  IEEE TENCON 2024 Secretariat: +65 6379 5260  
  Email: secretariat@TENCON2024.org   

 Terms & Conditions  
 English is the official language throughout the meeting. 
  Papers submitted & presented must be in English only. 
  Only papers received via the EDAS submission portal | https://edas.info/login.php?rurl=aHR0cHM6Ly9lZGFzLmluZm8v | will be considered. 
  Please use the guide on paper categories to select the most appropriate category. 
  Authors must state their preferred presentation mode (Oral or poster), which is usually honoured but is not guaranteed to be satisfied. 
  After submission of the paper and before the closing date, you may continue to edit the paper. Examples of changes: paper title and/or contents, add/remove/re-order authors, withdraw a paper, etc. 
  All co-authors’ names must be included to prevent omission from all publications and the author index. 
  All papers are subject to a peer review process. Reviewers are the appointed TPC committee of experts in fields that specifically match the conference topics. 
  The reviewers reserve the right to change your paper submission categories. 
  Papers will be judged solely based on the data submitted in the paper. 
  Final Manuscripts Submission to be submitted by Tuesday, 10 September 2024. 
  By submitting the paper, you have granted the IEEE TENCON 2024 organisers permission to disseminate it electronically. 

 Copyright © IEEE TENCON 2024. All Rights Reserved | UEN number: S78SS0035E   

  