    Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  For Authors | Registration 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Program | Full program 
  Keynotes 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  For Authors | Registration 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Program | Full program 
  Keynotes 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI TRIDENTCOM  2022 will be held as  a fully-fledged online conference   .   
 Get the same full publication  and indexing  , enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation  and recognition  , present your paper to a global audience  ,  
  and experience virtual meetings live  as well as on-demand  from the safety and comfort of your home.  
 Due to the safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19, EAI TRIDENTCOM 2022 will take place online in a live stream.  
 Participants will still be able to enjoy unique interactive benefits – learn more   .  

  TRIDENTCOM authors have enjoyed over 200.000     downloads  and 3600+     citations    
 The top-performing TRIDENTCOM paper is currently at 276 citations    and counting!   
    
 Watch the full recording of the EAI TRIDENTCOM 2021 livestream   and get involved  in this edition!  

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in TRIDENTCOM 2022!   
   
 We look forward to meeting you on November 11-13, 2023, in Nanjing, People's Republic of China  
  at the 18th EAI International Conference on Tools for Design, Implementation and Verification of Emerging Information Technologies.   
   
 Watch the full recording of the EAI TRIDENTCOM 2022 livestream  (Keynote: Dr. Wei Ni  , Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation).  

 NEXT EDITION   

 Call for papers light w/ Springer   
 Call for papers    
   
 Indexing - Submitted for inclusion in:   
   
 Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus,  
  EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, DBLP, and more   
   
 Publication   
   
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 2.602 (2020)]    
   
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) – indexed in ESCI, Ei Compendex & Scopus    
   
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series    
   
 Learn more   

 Publishing partner   

 COVID-19   
 Participate online and join the conference   

 from wherever you are!  

 Get the same full publication and indexing  , enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition  , present your paper to a global audience  , and experience virtual meetings live  as well as  
  on-demand  from the safety and comfort of your home.  

 Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat  , virtual Q&A  , and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience.  

 Find out what EAI conference live streams look like and discover unique benefits   
  that online participation brings you - learn more    .  

 EAI light   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speakers   

 Dr Wei Ni    
   
 Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation   

 Discover Full Program    

 Registration   

 Camera-ready   

 Video submission   

 Thank you to all the participants and volunteers for a great conference! See submission opportunities for the next edition here     

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  

  Best Paper Award   
 The Organizing Committee of EAI TRIDENTCOM 2022 is delighted to announce that the winner of the Best Paper Award is the work entitled:  
 FSVM: Federated Support Vector Machines for Smart City (Authored by: Lichuan Ma, Lizhen Tang, Longxiang Gao, Qingqi Pei, Ming Ding)  
 Congratulations!  

  About TRIDENTCOM 2022   
 The 17th EAI International Conference on Tools for Design, Implementation and Verification of Emerging Information Technologies (TRIDENTCOM 2022) will be held between 23rd-25th, November 2022, Melbourne, Australia. The scope of the conference will cover the current and emerging aspects of the technologies such as Internet of Things, cloud/edge/fog computing, Industry 4.0, Edge AI, machine learning, cybersecurity and computer communications.  

  Topics   
 TRIDENTCOM 2022 covers various topics including, but not limited to:  
 Emerging computer communications, 
  Security and data privacy, 
  Federated learning, 
  Artificial intelligence of Things, 
  Personalized privacy-preserving data mining, 
  AI-enhanced edge computing, 
  Crowd sourcing and sensing, testing and verification tools for intelligent software engineering, methodologies and tools for performance evaluation and so on. 
  Particularly, TRIDENTCOM 2022 will highly welcome papers with the impact of COVID-19 on corresponding frameworks, methodologies, and infrastructures.  

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library: TRIDENTCOM Conference Proceedings  .  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 2.602 (2020)] 

 All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) | – indexed in | ESCI, | Ei Compendex & Scopus 
    
 Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates  
 Late track  
 Submission deadline   
  24 October 2022  
  Notification deadline   
  31 October 2022  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  20 November 2022  
 Main track  
 Loading important dates.   
   
 Previous TRIDENTCOM editions  
 2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Changsha, People’s Republic of China  
  2018  – Shanghai, People’s Republic of China  
  2017  – Dalian, People’s Republic of China  
  2016  – Hangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Vancouver, Canada  
  2014  – Guangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2012  – Thessaloniki, Greece  
  2011  – Shanghai, People’s Republic of China  
  2010  – Berlin, Germany  
  2009  – Washington, DC, United States  
  2008  – Innsbruck, Austria  
  2007  – Orlando, FL, United States  
  2006  – Barcelona, Spain  
  2005  – Trento, Italy  
   
  Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2022 TRIDENTCOM | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent    
   