  
 Toggle navigation      UAI 2018    
 AUAI 
  Important dates 
  Contact us 

 Program   Proceedings  Schedule  Invited Speakers  Tutorials  Workshops  Training Event (MLTrain)    
 For Visitors   Registration  Scholarships & Volunteers  Venue    
 For Authors   Call for papers  Subject areas  Submission Instructions  Camera-ready Instructions  Author FAQ    
 Organization   Organizing Committee  Senior Program Committee  Program Committee  Sponsorships  Past Conferences    

 UAI 2018 - Call for Papers  
   
 Deadline: Friday, March 9th 2018.  
   
 The Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence (UAI) is one of the premier international conferences on research related to knowledge representation, learning, and reasoning in the presence of uncertainty. UAI 2018 will be held in Monterey, California, on August 6-10, 2018. The main conference will take place on August 7-9, with tutorials on August 6 and workshops on August 10.  
 Technical Areas  
   
 UAI solicits submission of papers which describe novel theories, methodology and applications related to knowledge representation, learning, and reasoning under uncertainty. A non-exclusive list of subject areas can be found here  . We welcome submissions by authors who are new to the UAI conference, or on new and emerging topics. We encourage submissions on applications, especially those that inspire new methodologies.  
 Important dates for authors  
   
 March 9th, 2018, 11:59 pm SST (Samoa Standard Time): Paper submission deadline. 
  May 16th, 2018: Author notification. * 
  July 6th, 2018: Camera ready due. 
  August 6th, 2018: Conference starts. 
  *likely date to be adapted accordingly to take place before the NIPS submission deadline.  
 Evaluation Criteria  
   
 Submitted papers will be reviewed based on their novelty, technical quality, potential impact and clarity of writing. For papers that rely heavily on empirical evaluations, the experimental methods and results should be clear, well executed, and repeatable. Submissions that mark "applications" as the primary subject area will be reviewed according to appropriate criteria and by reviewers with appropriate backgrounds.  
 Formatting Guidelines  
   
 Submissions should be formatted in the UAI format and papers (including figures and text) are limited to 9 pages in length. An additional 10th page is allowed containing only references. Optional submissions of supplementary materials are allowed. However, reviewers are under no obligation to look at the submitted supplementary materials, and will base their review primarily on the main paper. Authors should consult the UAI website for full details regarding the paper preparation and submission guidelines.  
 Dual Submission Policy  
   
 Papers that are currently under review or have already been accepted or published in a refereed venue, including conferences and journals, may not be submitted. Papers that have appeared on non-peered reviewed websites (like arXiv) or that have been presented at workshops (i.e., venues that do not have a publication proceedings) do not violate the policy. Authors are strongly encouraged to make data and code publicly available when possible.  
 Anonymous Review  
   
 The review process is double blind. Please make sure that the submission does not disclose the author's identities or affiliation. The submission will be rejected otherwise.  
 Reviewing Process  
   
 The OpenReview  system will be used to manage paper submission and the review process. OpenReview will allow authors to respond to public comments anytime, even before the official rebuttal period. The UAI 2018 OpenReview website will be accessible via https://openreview.net/group?id=auai.org/UAI/2018  on Wednesday, February 7th.  
 Papers that are not accepted to the conference will be considered non-archival, and may be submitted elsewhere (modified or not), although the OpenReview site will maintain the reviews, the comments, and links to the versions submitted to UAI.  
 Presentation and Publication  
   
 All accepted papers will be presented at the conference either as contributed talks or as posters, and will be published in the Conference Proceedings. At least one of the paper's authors should be present at the conference to present the work.  
 AIJ and JAIR Fast-track  
   
 A selected set of top-rated papers may be nominated for fast track reviewing at participating journals, including the AI Journal (AIJ) and the Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research (JAIR). Nominated authors will be invited to submit extended versions of their UAI-18 papers for fast-track consideration.  
 Program Chairs  
   
 Amir Globerson   
  Tel Aviv University and Google, Israel  
  Ricardo Silva   
  University College London and The Alan Turing Institute, U.K.  
   
  General Chairs  
   
 Gal Elidan   
  Google Inc. and The Hebrew University, Israel  
  Kristian Kersting   
  TU Dortmund University, Germany   
 Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence   

  Follow @uai2018   

  Golden Sponsor    

  Bronze Sponsor    

  Startup Sponsor    

        