Loading...   
   
 UCC 2024    
 Toggle navigation      UCC 2024    
 General | Home 
  Registration 
  Organizing Committee 
  TPC Members 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Calls | Conference Themes 
  Important Dates 
  Calls for Papers 
  Calls for Doctoral Symposium 
  Calls for Workshops 
  Submissions 
  Program 
  Workshops 
  Travel & Venue 
  Sponsorship Opportunity 
  Previous Editions | 2023 
  2022 
  2021 
  2020 
  2019 
  2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2015 
  2014 
  2013 
  2012 
  2011 
  2010 
  Cloud 2010 

 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 The IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC 2024)  
   
  16-19 December 2024 Sharjah, UAE  

 We are pleased to inform you that the “17 th  IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC 2024)” will be held in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates between 16 and and 19 December, 2024.  
 The IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC) is a premier annual conference series aiming to provide a platform for researchers from both academia and industry to present new discoveries and high-quality contributions in the broad area of Cloud, Edge and Computing Continuum utility computing and applications. The conference features keynotes, posters, workshops and a student symposium. UCC 2024 will be held in conjunction with the 11th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Big Data Computing, Applications and Technologies (BDCAT 2024).  

 The PDF version of the UCC 2024 Call for Papers may be downloaded HERE  .   

 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research manuscripts in all areas of Cloud-Edge Continuum for utility computing and related computing paradigms such as Serverless, Distributed Computing and Function as a Service. The theme of this year is Self-adaptive and Autonomic Cloud, Edge, and Utility Computing in the Era of Large Language Models (LLM). The theme will explore new synergies between self-* and autonomous management of cloud, edge and their computing utilities and LLM approaches and solutions. We invite novel contributions with excellent balance between sound and rigorous foundational research and experimental results that relate to this year’s theme and to the general UCC topics, as below.   
 UCC 2024 topics of interest include but not limited to:  
 1. Resource Management for Cloud-Edge Continuum:    
 • Principles and Theoretical Foundations of Utility Computing  
 • Architectural Models and Patterns to achieve Utility; Virtualization, Containerization, Composition and Orchestration  
 • Formal and Qualitative Aspects  
 • Middleware and Stacks  
 • Networking and Network Management  
 • Saas, Paas, Iaas and XaaS  
 2. Resource Management and Scalability:    
 • Brokering, Scheduling, Capacity planning and Elasticity  
 • Security, Trust, Privacy, Policies and Blockchains  
 3. Autonomic, Adaptive, Self-*, SLAs, Management and Monitoring; Designs and Deployment Models:    
 • Private, Public, Hybrid, Federated, Aggregated, Inter-Cloud; High Performance Computing (HPC)  
 • Performance Analysis and Modelling  
 • Foundational self-* solutions, possibly leveraging LLM techniques (see this year theme)  
 4. Artificial Intelligence for Cloud-Edge Continuum and Utility Computing:    
 • Machine Learning Operations (MLOps)  
 • Artificial Intelligence Solutions for Scheduling  
 • Provisioning and Deployment  
 • Lightweight machine learning for edge learning  
 • Artificial Intelligence Solutions for Orchestration  
 • GPU as a Service (GPUaaS), Artificial Intelligence as a Service (AIaaS); Support for Extract/Transform/Load (ETL) or ETL Pipelines  
 • Machine Learning Cloud Frameworks; Artificial Intelligence Infrastructure  
 • Distributed, Federated, Collaborative Learning, and Large Language Models (LLM)  
 5. Applications, Systems and new Computing Paradigms for Cloud-Edge Continuum:    
 • Native Application Design, Programming Models and Engineering  
 • Serverless and Function-Based Applications (FaaS)  
 • Microservices Architectures, Quantum Computing  
 • Interfacing to Internet of Things, (IoT) Applications  
 • Utility-Driven Models and Mechanisms in All Domains (e.g., Smart Cities, Mobility, Healthcare, Industry 4.0)  
 • Micro Data Centers  
 • Interfacing to Mobile Devices: Management, Hierarchy Models and Business Models  
 • Energy-Efficiency and Sustainability; Development; Operations (DevOps)  
 • Economic and Business Models  
 • Business and Legal Implications Beyond Technology  
 • Digital Twins solutions  

 PAPER SUBMISSION    

 Submitted manuscripts must represent original unpublished research that is not currently under review for any other conference or journal. Manuscripts are submitted in PDF format and may not exceed ten (10) IEEE-formatted *double-column* pages, including figures, tables, and references. All manuscripts undergo a double-blind peer-review process and will be reviewed and judged on correctness, originality, technical strength, rigor in analysis, quality of results, quality of presentation, and interest and relevance to the conference attendees. Your submission is subject to a determination that you are not under any sanctions by IEEE.  
 At least one author of each paper must be registered for the conference in order for the paper to be published in the proceedings. The conference proceedings will be published by the ACM and made available online via the IEEE Xplore Digital Library and ACM Digital Library.  

 IMPORTANT DATES    

 Time zone: Anywhere in the world!  
  Original Paper Submission Deadline: 20 August 2024,  extended to: 20 September 2024  
  Acceptance Notification: 25 October 2024  
  Camera Ready Papers Due: 5 November 2024  

 AWARDS AND SPECIAL ISSUES    

 A selection committee chaired by the UCC 2024 conference co-chairs will select and acknowledge the best paper to receive an award during the conference.  
 Authors of highly rated papers from UCC 2024 will be invited to submit an extended version to special issues in ACM Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS).  

 Contact Us    

 Δ     

 Contact information    
 Contact UCC 2024 Program Chairs     
   
 Ernesto Damiani: | ernesto.damiani@ku.ac.ae 
  Rami Bahsoon: | r.bahsoon@cs.bham.ac.uk 

 Contact UCC 2024 General Chairs     
   
 Abbes Amira: | aamira@sharjah.ac.ae 
  Ashiq Anjum: | a.anjum@leicester.ac.uk 
  Fatih Kurugollu: | fkurugollu@sharjah.ac.ae 

 General UCC 2024 Inquiries     
   
 General Inquiries: UCC-BDCAT@sharjah.ac.ae   

 Contact Us  
 For any inquiries please contact Email: UCC-BDCAT@sharjah.ac.ae  
 li 

 Registration 
  Keynote Speakers 

 Author registration is now open, click here   
 For a special rate at the conference hotel, please visit the Travel and Venue section, click here 

   