Skip to content       

 Home 
  Calls | Menu Toggle | Call for Full and Short Papers 
  Program 
  Attend | Menu Toggle | Venue 
  Organizers 

 Main Menu            

 Home 
  Calls | Menu Toggle | Call for Full and Short Papers 
  Program 
  Attend | Menu Toggle | Venue 
  Organizers 

 Call for Full and Short Papers  

 The 33rd International Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation, and Personalization (ACM UMAP 2025) is the premier international conference bringing together research in AI and HCI to support effective human-AI collaboration via interactive systems that can model, adapt and personalize to their users  .  

 ACM UMAP  2025 is sponsored by ACM SIGCHI  and SIGWEB  . User Modeling Inc.  , as the core Steering Committee, oversees the conference organization. ACM UMAP operates under the ACM Conference Code of Conduct  . The main conference proceedings, published by ACM, will be part of the ACM Digital Library.  

 The theme of ACM UMAP 2025  is “Shaping Personalization and FATE (Fairness, Accountability, Transparency, and Ethics) in Human-Centered Generative AI”   .  

 ACM UMAP  2025 will bring together researchers, practitioners, and policymakers from around the world to discuss the latest developments in human-centered approaches to design and use AI systems that adapt to human needs while ensuring user control, fairness, accountability, transparency, inclusivity, and sustainability. While we encourage submissions related to this theme, the scope of the conference is not limited to the theme only. As always, contributions from academia, industry, and other organizations discussing open challenges or novel research approaches are expected to be supported by rigorous evidence appropriate to claims (e.g., user study, system evaluation, computational analysis).  

 Important Dates  

 January 23, 2025   

 Abstract submission  

 January 30, 2025   

 Paper submission  

 March 3-7, 2025   

 Rebuttal phase  

 March 26, 2025   

 Notification of acceptance  

 April 7, 2025   

 Camera-ready papers  

 April 7, 2025   

 Registration deadline for authors  

 June 16-19, 2025   

 Conference  

 Note  : the submission deadline is at 11:59 pm AoE (Anywhere on Earth)  time.  

 Topics of interest include but are not limited to  

 Recommender systems 
  Data mining techniques for user modeling, adaptation, and personalization 
  Generative AI techniques for user modeling, adaptation, and personalization 
  Large Language Models and Natural Language Processing methods for user modeling, adaptation, and personalization 
  Knowledge graphs, Linked Data, and semantics for user modeling, adaptation, and personalization 
  Intelligent user interfaces 
  Intelligent and personalized e-learning applications and educational games 
  Personalized behavior change and persuasive applications 
  Modeling and adapting to human affective states 
  Virtual assistants, conversational agents, personalization in augmented reality 
  Group modeling and collaborative team formation 
  Ethical issues of personalization and human-centered AI systems: Privacy, Fairness, Accountability, Transparency 
  Creativity in User Modeling, Adaptation, and Personalization 
  Sustainability-aware methods and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for user modeling, adaptation, and personalization 
  Personalized approaches for preventing eco-chambers, user manipulation, and disinformation 
  Research methods and reproducibility 

 Submission Guidelines  

 All submissions must be written in English. Papers should be submitted electronically, in a PDF format, through the EasyChair submission system, https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=umap2025  , by selecting the “UMAP25 Full and Short Papers” track.  

 Format.  We encourage two types of submissions (reviewers will comment on whether the size is appropriate for each contribution), in the ACM two-column format:  
 Long papers | ( | 8 pages | at most plus additional pages for references; figures, tables, proofs, appendixes, acknowledgments, and any other content count toward the page limit) should report on substantial contributions of lasting value. They should reflect more complex innovations or studies and should have a more thorough discussion of related work. Each accepted long paper will be included in the main conference proceedings and presented in a plenary session as part of the main conference program. 
  Short papers | ( | 4 pages | at most plus additional pages for references; figures, tables, proofs, appendixes, acknowledgments, and any other content count toward the page limit) typically discuss exciting new work that is not yet mature enough for a long paper – they are not “work-in-progress” reports but rather complete reports on a smaller or simpler-to-describe but complete research work on advances that can be described, set into context, and evaluated concisely. In particular, novel but significant proposals will be considered for acceptance to this category despite not having gone through sufficient experimental validation or lacking a strong theoretical foundation. Each accepted short paper will be included in the main conference proceedings and presented either as an oral presentation or at a poster session as part of the main conference program. 
  We recommend that supplementary material is linked to an external source using an anonymized link.  

 Anonymity.  Submissions must be anonymous, given that ACM UMAP uses a double-blind review process. Authors must omit their names and affiliations from submissions, and avoid obvious identifying statements. For instance, citations to the authors’ prior work should be made in the third person. Failure to anonymize your submission could result in desk rejection. It is acceptable to explicitly refer in the paper to the companies or organizations that provided datasets, hosted experiments or deployed solutions if there is no implication that the authors are currently affiliated with the mentioned organization.  

 Templates.  Following the ACM Publication Workflow  , all authors should submit manuscripts for review in the ACM double-column format  . Instructions for authors are given below:  
 LaTeX: | Please use the latest version of the | Primary Article Template | – LaTeX to create your submission. Start the document with the \documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart} command to generate the output in a double-column format. Please see the | LaTeX documentation | and | ACM’s LaTeX best practices guide | for further instructions, ignoring the single-column instructions. Do not use the “manuscript” option, otherwise, the document will not be compiled in double-column, as required. Check the sample-sigconf.tex file included in the template package for a formatting example. To ensure 100% compatibility with The ACM Publishing System (TAPS), please restrict the use of packages to the | whitelist of approved LaTeX packages | . 
  Overleaf: | (use \documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart} for double-column). Please carefully follow the ACM’s instructions for | preparing your article with Overleaf | . 
  Word: | Please carefully follow the ACM’s instructions for | preparing your article with Microsoft Word 

 Accessibility.  Authors are strongly encouraged to provide “alt text” (alternative text) for floats (images, tables, etc.) in their content so that readers with disabilities can be given descriptive information for these floats that are important to the work. The descriptive text will be displayed in place of a float if the float cannot be loaded. This benefits the author and it broadens the reader base for the author’s work. Moreover, the alt text provides in-depth float descriptions to search engine crawlers, which helps to properly index these floats. Additionally, authors should follow the ACM Accessibility Recommendations for Publishing in Color and SIG ACCESS guidelines on describing figures  .  

 Submission Policy.  All submissions and reviews will be handled electronically. ACM UMAP has a no dual submission policy  , which is why submitted manuscripts should not be currently under review at another publication venue. Particularly, please consider the following ACM’s publication policies:  
 “By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all | ACM Publications Policies | , including | ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects | . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.” | https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/research-involving-human-participants-and-subjects 
  “Please ensure that you and your co-authors | obtain an ORCID ID | , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a | commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors | . We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.” 

 Review Process  

 Review.  ACM UMAP uses a double-blind  review process. Authors must omit their names and affiliations from their submissions; they should also avoid obvious identifying statements. Submissions not abiding by anonymity requirements will be desk rejected.  

 Reviewers will evaluate papers based on their significance, originality, rigor, and contribution to the field. Papers that are out of scope, incomplete, or lack sufficient evidence to support the basic claims, may be rejected without full review. Furthermore, reviewers will be asked to comment on whether the length is appropriate for the contribution. In addition, ACM UMAP 2025 will introduce a new rebuttal stage during evaluation  , offering a small window for authors to optionally discuss the initial decision of their submission, enhancing the transparency and quality of the reviewing process.  

 The ACM Code of Ethics  gives the ACM UMAP program committee the right to (desk-)reject papers that perpetuate harmful stereotypes, employ unethical research practices, or uncritically present outcomes/implications that disadvantage minority communities. Furthermore, reviewers will be explicitly asked to consider whether the research was conducted in compliance with professional ethical standards and applicable regulatory guidelines. Failure to do so could lead to a (desk-)rejection.  

 Registration and Presentation Policy  

 Each accepted paper must be accompanied by a distinct full author registration  , completed by the early registration date cut-off  . Each accepted paper must be presented in person  to be included in the conference proceedings, published by ACM  , and available via the ACM Digital Library  . The official publication date is when the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks before the first day of UMAP 2025. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  

 Camera-ready Submission  

 Accepted papers will be subject to further revision to meet the requirements of the camera-ready format required by ACM. We strongly recommend the usage of LaTeX/Overleaf for the camera-ready papers to minimize the extent of reformatting  . Users of the Word template must use either the version for Microsoft Word for Windows, Macintosh Office 2011, or Macintosh Office 2016 (other formats, such as Open Office, etc., are not admitted) for the camera-ready submission to avoid incompatibility issues.  

 Instructions for preparing the camera-ready versions of accepted papers will be provided after acceptance. This might include instructions to prepare a video of the accepted contribution. Camera-ready versions of accepted papers will be later submitted using ACM’s new production platform  , where authors will be able to review PDF and HTML output formats before publication.  

 Ethical & Human Subjects Considerations  

 ACM UMAP expects papers to include a discussion of the ethical considerations, as well as the impact of the presented work and/or its intended application, where appropriate. ACM UMAP further expects all authors to comply with ethical standards and regulatory guidelines associated with human subjects research, including research involving human participants and research using personally identifiable data. Papers reporting on such human subjects research must include a statement identifying any regulatory review the research is subject to (and identifying the form of approval provided), or explaining the lack of required review.  

 Program Chairs  

 Cataldo Musto, University of Bari Aldo Moro, Italy 
  Julita Vassileva, University of Saskatchewan, Canada 
  Contact information  : umap2025-program@um.org   

 Copyright © 2024 ACM UMAP 2025 | Powered by Astra WordPress Theme   

    Scroll to Top    
  