 PoPETs  Go to PETS    
 Menu   Home 
  CFPs ￬ | CFP 2024 
  CFP 2025 
  Authors ￬ | Submission (2024) 
  Submission (2025) 
  Resubmission (2024) 
  Resubmission (2025) 
  Copyrights (2024) 
  Copyrights (2025) 
  Camera Ready (2024) 
  Camera Ready (2025) 
  Reviews ￬ | Review process (2024) 
  Review process (2025) 
  Decisions (2024) 
  Decisions (2025) 
  PoPETs reviewers (2024) 
  PoPETs reviewers (2025) 
  Guidelines (2024) 
  Guidelines (2025 
  Reviewer nomination form (2025) 
  Artifact reviews 
  Proceedings 
  Awards ￬ | PET Award 
  Best Student Paper 
  Best HotPETs Talk 
  Artifact Award 
  Reviewer Awards 
  Sponsorship 
  Code of conduct 
    
 Call for Papers   
 25th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2025)  
 July 14–19, 2025  
 Washington, DC and Online  
   
 General information about PETs  Submit your paper    
 The annual Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS)  brings together experts from around the world to present and discuss recent advances and new perspectives on research in privacy technologies. The 25th PETS will be a hybrid event with a physical gathering held in Washington, DC, USA and a concurrent virtual event. Papers undergo a journal-style reviewing process, and accepted papers are published in the journal Proceedings on Privacy Enhancing Technologies  (PoPETs). Authors of accepted papers are encouraged to attend and present at the physical event, where their presentations can be recorded for the virtual event and where they can participate directly in in-person research, technical, and social activities. However, in-person attendance is not required for publication in the proceedings.  
 PoPETs, a scholarly, open-access journal for research papers on privacy provides high-quality reviewing and publication while also supporting the successful PETS community event. PoPETs is self-published and does not have article processing charges or article submission charges.  
 Authors can submit papers to PoPETs four times a year, every three months and are notified of the decisions about two months after submission. Authors will receive a decision of accept, revise, or reject; those receiving revise will be invited to revise their article with the guidance of a revision editor according to a well-defined set of revision criteria and will have up to four months to attempt to complete the required revisions. Authors of rejected papers must skip a full issue prior to resubmission.  
 Submission Guidelines    
  The submission guidelines  contain important submission information for authors. Please note especially the instructions for anonymizing submissions, for ensuring ethical research, and for using AI in writing or editing the manuscript. Papers must be submitted via the PETS 2025 submission server. The submission URL is: https://submit.petsymposium.org/  .  
 Important Dates for PETS 2025  
 All deadlines are 23:59:59 Anywhere on Earth (UTC-12)  
 Issue 1   
  Paper submission deadline: May 31, 2024 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: July 16–19, 2024  
  Author notification: August 1, 2024  
  Revision deadline: September 1, 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and accepted revisions: September 15, 2024  
   
 Issue 2   
  Paper submission deadline: August 31, 2024 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: October 15–18, 2024  
  Author notification: November 1, 2024  
  Revision deadline: December 1, 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and accepted revisions: December 15, 2024  
   
 Issue 3   
  Paper submission deadline: November 30, 2024 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: January 14–17, 2025  
  Author notification: February 1, 2025  
  Revision deadline: March 1, 2025  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and accepted revisions: March 15, 2025  
   
 Issue 4   
  Paper submission deadline: February 28, 2025 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: April 15–18, 2025  
  Author notification: May 1, 2025  
  Revision deadline: June 1, 2025  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and accepted revisions: June 15, 2025  

 Review Process (New for 2025)  
 Authors invited to revise their submissions will be provided with a set of revision criteria that must be satisfactorily completed before their paper can be accepted. Authors of such papers will not resubmit to the next issue, but will instead be assigned a revision editor who will guide the revision process by interactively reviewing new versions of the paper and providing feedback and guidance on the changes necessary for acceptance. Authors will be instructed to propose a revision schedule that is agreeable to the revision editor. Authors may complete the necessary changes as soon as is practical but no later than four months following the author notification deadline: revisions that are accepted by the revision editor within 1 month of the author notification will appear in that issue, while revisions that are accepted by the revision editor between 1-4 months of the author notification will appear in the following issue. Not all papers that receive a revise decision will be accepted: papers that do not adequately incorporate the required revisions by the following issue's revision deadline will be rejected. Please see the review process page  for more information.  
 Resubmission of Rejected Papers (New for 2025)  
 Authors of rejected papers may consider resubmitting to a future issue of PoPETs, but must skip one full issue before resubmission. For example, papers that are rejected from Issue 1 may not be resubmitted until Issue 3 or later. This policy follows into future volumes as well. For example, papers that are rejected from Issue 3 of Volume 2025 may not be resubmitted until Issue 1 of Volume 2026. This policy enables authors ample time to substantially improve their papers and helps mitigate the overburdening of reviewers.  
 Scope (New for 2025)  
 Papers submitted to PETS/PoPETs should present novel practical and/or theoretical research into the requirements, design, analysis, experimentation or fielding of privacy-enhancing technologies and the social, cultural, legal or situational contexts in which they are used. PETS is also open to interdisciplinary research examining people’s and communities’ privacy needs preferences, and expectations as long as it is clear how these findings can impact the design, development, or deployment of technology with privacy implications.  
 Note that a paper's relevance to privacy applications  is crucial. PETS is open to topics from the wider area of security and privacy as long as it is clear how these serve to improve or understand privacy in technology (e.g., it includes a use case, evaluation on real data, integration with an application, etc.) in real systems. A paper that makes significant contributions in an area such as theoretical cryptography but fails to clearly tie its contributions to improving or understanding privacy in real systems  is unlikely to be accepted. The chairs and the program committee at their discretion, may reject papers based on scope  
 Clarification of expectations: This year we introduced a new requirement that submissions must contribute to real privacy applications that run in real systems. Consistent with this focus, we expect that submissions should not need to rely on proofs as a primary contribution and thus proofs would usually appear in the Appendix rather than in the main body, and a substantial portion of each submission would instead be focused on work that is more traditionally considered practical or applied work (e.g., real-world use cases, real-world measurements, evaluation on real-world data, application development, integration with a real-world application, system design and evaluation, etc.). This focus is necessary due to an increasing number of submissions that make primary contributions that are highly theoretical in nature (e.g., to theoretical cryptography and primitives or related areas) for which PoPETs is not well-equipped to review and provide high quality feedback.  
 Suggested topics include but are not restricted to:  
 Anonymous communication and censorship resistance 
  Blockchain privacy 
  Building and deploying privacy-enhancing systems 
  Cloud computing and privacy 
  Compliance with privacy laws and regulations 
  Cryptographic tools for privacy 
  Data protection technologies 
  Defining and quantifying privacy 
  Differential privacy and private data analysis 
  Economics and game-theoretical approaches to privacy 
  Forensics and privacy 
  Genomic and medical privacy 
  Human factors, usability, and user-centered design of privacy technologies 
  Information leakage, data correlation, and abstract attacks on privacy 
  Interdisciplinary research connecting privacy to economics, law, psychology, etc. 
  Internet of Things privacy 
  Location privacy 
  Machine learning and privacy 
  Measurement of privacy in real-world systems 
  Mobile devices and privacy 
  Policy languages and tools for privacy 
  Profiling and data mining 
  Social network privacy 
  Surveillance 
  Traffic analysis 
  Transparency, fairness, robustness, and abuse in privacy systems 
  Web privacy 
  We also solicit Systematization of Knowledge (SoK)  papers on any of these topics: papers putting together existing knowledge under some common light (adversary model, requirements, functionality offered, etc.), providing novel insights, identifying research gaps or challenges to commonly held assumptions, etc. Survey papers, without such contributions, are not suitable. SoK submissions should include "SoK:" in their title and check the corresponding option in the submission form.  
 General Chair ( gc25@petsymposium.org  )  Adam Aviv, George Washington University    Program Chairs/Co-Editors-in-Chief ( pets25-chairs@petsymposium.org  )  Rob Jansen, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory   Zubair Shafiq, University of California, Davis    Vice Program Chairs/Associate Editors-in-Chief  Gunes Acar, Radboud University   Diogo Barradas, University of Waterloo   Devashish Gosain, BITS Pilani   Katharina Kohls, Ruhr University Bochum   Pierre Laperdrix, Inria   Athina Markopoulou, University of California, Irvine   Rishab Nithyanand, University of Iowa   Rebekah Overdorf, University of Lausanne   Tobias Pulls, Karlstad University   Paul Syverson, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory    Program Committee/Editorial Board:  Ruba Abu-Salma, King's College London   Omer Akgul, Carnegie Mellon University   Eman Alashwali, KAU, KAUST, and CMU   Ghada Almashaqbeh, University of Connecticut   Mário Alvim, UFMG   Héber H. Arcolezi, Inria   Frederik Armknecht, University of Mannheim   Hassan Asghar, Macquarie University   Erman Ayday, Case Western Reserve University   Sangwook Bae, Cape   Zinaida Benenson, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg   Pascal Berrang, University of Birmingham   Gergely Biczok, CrySyS Lab, Budapest Univ. of Technology and Economics   Nataliia Bielova, Inria   Igor Bilogrevic, Google   Eleanor Birrell, Pomona College   Cecylia Bocovich, The Tor Project   Hannah (Hannaneh) B. Pasandi (Barahouei Pasandi), University of California - Berkeley   Joe Calandrino  Niklas Carlsson, Linköping University   Sofia Celi, Brave   Varun Chandrasekaran, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign   Panagiotis Chatzigiannis, Visa Research   Yimin (Ian) Chen, University of Massachusetts Lowell   Min Chen, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam   Sherman S. M. Chow, Chinese University of Hong Kong   Francesco Ciclosi, University of Trento   Shaanan Cohney, University of Melbourne   Tianshuo Cong, Tsinghua University   Kovila Coopamootoo, King's College London   Jean-François Couchot, Univ. Bourgogne Franche-Comté   Scott Coull, Google   Rob Cunningham, University of Pittsburgh   Ha Dao, MPI-INF   Anupam Das, North Carolina State University   Debajyoti Das, KU Leuven   Edwin Dauber, Widener University   Alex Davidson, NOVA LINCS, Universidade NOVA de Lisboa   Alexandre Debant, Inria Nancy, France   Martin Degeling, Independent Reseacher   Soteris Demetriou, Imperial College London   Nurullah Demir, Institute for Internet Security   Damien Desfontaines, Tumult Labs   Roger Dingledine, The Tor Project   Ye Dong, Singapore University of Technology and Design   Nir Drucker, IBM Research - Israel   Minxin Du, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University   Markus Duermuth, Leibniz University Hannover   Christoph Egger, Chalmers University of Technology   Tariq Elahi, University of Edinburgh   Roya Ensafi, CSE, university of Michigan   Saba Eskandarian, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill   Vero Estrada-Galiñanes, EPFL   Alvaro Feal, Cisco ThousandEyes   Natasha Fernandes, Macquarie University, Australia   Bryan Ford, EPFL   Imane FOUAD, Inria/Univ of Lille   Kevin Gallagher, NOVA LINCS, NOVA School of Science and Technology   Julien Gamba, Cisco ThousandEyes   Alexander Gamero-Garrido, UC Davis   Peng Gao, Virginia Tech   Simson Garfinkel, BasisTech, LLC & Harvard University   Christina Garman, Purdue University   Paolo Gasti, New York Institute of Technology   Sepideh Ghanavati, University of Maine   Zahra Ghodsi, Purdue University   Prosanta Gope, University of Sheffield   Rachel Greenstadt, New York University   Adam Groce, Reed College   Matteo Grosse-Kampmann, Rhine-Waal University of Applied Sciences and AWARE7 GmbH   Thomas Gross, Newcastle University, United Kingdom   Johanna Gunawan, Maastricht University   Andreas Haeberlen, University of Pennsylvania / Roblox   Syed Mahbub Hafiz, LG Electronics USA, Inc.   Florian Hahn, University of Twente   Lucjan Hanzlik, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security   Jamie Hayes, Google Deepmind   Ryan Henry, University of Calgary   Stephen Herwig, William & Mary   Weijia He, University of Southampton   Nguyen Phong Hoang, University of British Columbia   Thang Hoang, Virginia Tech   Sanghyun Hong, Oregon State University   Nick Hopper, University of Minnesota   Murtuza Jadliwala, The University of Texas at San Antonio   Limin Jia, Carnegie Mellon University   Aaron Johnson, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory   Tushar Jois, City College of New York   Marc Juarez, University of Edinburgh   Nesrine Kaaniche, Institut Polytechnique de Paris   Bailey Kacsmar, University of Alberta   Stefan Katzenbeisser, University of Passau, Germany   Megha Khosla, TU Delft   Nadim Kobeissi, Symbolic Software   Konrad Kollnig, Law & Tech Lab, Maastricht University   Dhruv Kuchhal, Amazon, Inc.   Piyush Kumar, University of Michigan   Jaewoo Lee, University of Georgia   Hieu Le, University of Michigan   Duc Le, Visa Research   Kaitai Liang, TU Delft   Zheng Li, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security   Kangjie Lu, University of Minnesota   NING LUO, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign   Nathan Malkin, New Jersey Institute of Technology   Sunil Manandhar, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center   Shrirang Mare, Western Washington University   Rahat Masood, University of New South Wales (UNSW)   Fabio Massacci, Univ. of Trento/Vrije Univ. Amsterdam   Travis Mayberry, US Naval Academy   Shagufta Mehnaz, Penn State University   Maryam Mehrnezhad, Royal Holloway University of London, UK   Sebastian Meiser, Universität of Lübeck   David Mestel, Maastricht University   Antonis Michalas, Tampere University   Prateek Mittal, Princeton University   Meisam Mohammady, Iowa State University   Victor Morel, Chalmers University of Technology   Pedro Moreno-Sanchez, IMDEA Software Institute   Johannes Mueller, CNRS/LORIA Nancy   Steven Murdoch, University College London   Adwait Nadkarni, William & Mary   Milad Nasr, Google Deepmind   Joseph Near, University of Vermont   Boel Nelson, Uppsala University; Aarhus University   Nam Ngo, Privacy & Scaling Explorations, Ethereum Foundation   Benjamin Nguyen, INSA Centre Val de Loire   Shirin Nilizadeh, The University of Texas at Arlington   Simon Oya, The University of British Columbia   Catuscia Palamidessi, Inria   Nisha Panwar, Augusta University   Prajwal Panzade, Old Dominion University   Panagiotis Papadopoulos, iProov Limited   Jeongeun Park, Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)   Dario Pasquini, George Mason University   Christopher Patton, Cloudflare   Sai Teja Peddinti, Google   Balazs Pejo, CrySyS Lab, BME   Amogh Pradeep, CrowdStrike   Bart Preneel, KU Leuven   Haotong Qin, ETH Zurich   Lucy Qin, Georgetown University   Ananth Raghunathan, Meta Inc.   Sazzadur Rahaman, University of Arizona   Thilina Ranbaduge, Data61, CSIRO   Joel Reardon, University of Calgary and AppCensus, Inc   Alfredo Rial, Nym Technologies   Vera Rimmer, KU Leuven   Luc Rocher, University of Oxford   Florentin Rochet, UNamur   Andy Rupp, University of Luxembourg and KASTEL SRL   Kavous Salehzadeh Niksirat, EPFL   Sajin Sasy, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security   Theodor Schnitzler, Maastricht University   Dominique Schroeder, TU Wien   Gambs Sébastien, Université du Québec à Montréal   Wendy Seltzer, Tucows   Siamak Shahandashti, University of York, UK   Mahmood Sharif, Tel Aviv University   Supreeth Shastri, University of Iowa   Yan Shvartzshnaider, York University   Sandra Siby, New York University Abu Dhabi   Tjerand Silde, Norwegian University of Science and Technology   Lucy Simko, Barnard College   Sachin Kumar Singh, University of Utah   Georgios Smaragdakis, Delft University of Technology   Xiangfu Song, National University of Singapore   Thorsten Strufe, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology   Wei Sun, Wichita State University   Ruoxi Sun, CSIRO's Data61   Yixin Sun, University of Virginia   Ajith Suresh, Technology Innovation Institute (TII), Abu Dhabi   Nina Taft, Google   Rajat Tandon, Juniper Networks Inc.   Zahra Tarkhani, Microsoft   Jan Tolsdorf, The George Washington University   Carmela Troncoso, EPFL   Hikaru Tsuchida, Saitama Institute of Technology   Anselme Tueno, SAP   Fatih Turkmen, University of Groningen   Tobias Urban, Institute for Internet Security; Westphalian University of Applied Sciences   Christine Utz, Radboud University   Tavish Vaidya, Google   Luke Valenta, Cloudflare, Inc.   Tom Van Goethem, KU Leuven / Google   Eugene Vasserman, Kansas State University   Ryan Wails, Georgetown University & US Naval Research Laboratory   Coby Wang, Visa Research   Di Wang, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology   Haoyu Wang, Huazhong University of Science and Technology   Zachary Weinberg, Million Concepts LLC   Christian Weinert, Royal Holloway, University of London   Primal Wijesekera, ICSI & UC Berkeley   Christo Wilson, Northeastern University   Yunming Xiao, University of Michigan   Xusheng Xiao, Arizona State University   Luyi Xing, Indiana University Bloomington   Yixi Xu, Microsoft   Diwen Xue, University of Michigan   Yaxing Yao, Virginia Tech   Arkady Yerukhimovich, George Washington University   Leo Zhang, Griffith University   Shaohu Zhang, University of North Carolina at Pembroke   Zhiyi Zhang, Meta   Ziming Zhao, Northeastern University   Yifeng Zheng, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen   Yixin Zou, Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy    Web Chairs ( publicity25@petsymposium.org  )  Kat Hanna  Mathilde Raynal, EPFL   Sofia Celi, Brave    Social Media Chair ( social@petsymposium.org  )  Smirity Kaushik, University of Illinois in Urbana Champaign    Publication Chairs ( publication25@petsymposium.org  )  Pouneh Nikkhah Bahrami, University of California, Davis   Ryan Wails, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory & Georgetown University    HotPETs Chairs ( hotpets25@petsymposium.org  )  Bailey Kacsmar, University of Alberta   Joel Reardon, University of Calgary   PET Award Chairs ( award-chairs25@petsymposium.org  )  Awais Rashid University of Bristol   Damon McCoy New York University    Sponsorship Chairs ( sponsorship@petsymposium.org  )  Steven Murdoch, University College London   Susan McGregor, Columbia University    Infrastructure Chairs  Roger Dingledine, The Tor Project   Ian Goldberg, University of Waterloo    Stipend Chairs ( pets2025-stipend@petsymposium.org  )  Susan McGregor, Columbia University   Marvin Ramokapane, University of Bristol   Smriti Kaushik, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign   Christine Utz, Radboud University    Artifact Chairs ( artifact25@petsymposium.org  )  Maximilian Noppel, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology   Miti Mazmudar, University of Waterloo    Artifact Review    
  PoPETs reviews and publishes digital artifacts related to its accepted papers. This process aids in the reproducibility of results and allows others to build on the work described in the paper. Artifact submissions are requested from authors of all accepted papers, and although they are optional, we strongly encourage you to submit your artifacts for review.  
 Possible artifacts include (but are not limited to):  
 Source code (e.g., system implementations, proof of concepts) 
  Datasets (e.g., network traces, raw study data) 
  Scripts for data processing or simulations 
  Machine-generated proofs 
  Formal specifications 
  Build environments (e.g., VMs, Docker containers, configuration scripts) 
   
 Artifacts are evaluated by the artifact review committee. The committee evaluates the artifacts to ensure that they provide an acceptable level of utility, and feedback is given to the authors. Issues considered include software bugs, readability of documentation and appropriate licensing. After your artifact has been approved by the committee, we will accompany the paper link on petsymposium.org  with a link to the artifact along with an artifact badge so that interested readers can find and use your artifact.  
 Caspar Bowden Award for Outstanding Research in Privacy Enhancing Technologies    
  You are invited to submit nominations for the 2025 Caspar Bowden Award for Outstanding Research in Privacy Enhancing Technologies. The Caspar Bowden PET award is presented annually to researchers who have made an outstanding contribution to the theory, design implementation, or deployment of privacy enhancing technologies. It is awarded at PETS and carries a cash prize as well as a physical award statue. Any paper by any author written in the area of privacy enhancing technologies is eligible for nomination. However, the paper must have appeared in a refereed journal conference, or workshop with proceedings published in the period from April 1 2023 until March 30, 2025.  
 Andreas Pfitzmann Best Student Paper Award   
  A winner of the Andreas Pfitzmann PETS 2025 Best Student Paper Award will be selected at PETS 2025. Papers written solely or primarily by a student who is presenting the work to PETS 2025 are eligible for the award.  
 Artifact Award   
  A winner of the PETS 2025 Artifact Award will be announced at PETS 2025. Artifacts for papers accepted to PETS 2025 are eligible for the award.  
 HotPETs and FOCI   
  As with the last several years, part of the symposium will be devoted to HotPETs — the "hottest," most exciting research ideas still in a still in a formative state — and FOCI, a workshop showcasing the latest results from the Free and Open Communication on the Internet community. Further information will be published on the PETS website in early 2025.  
   
 Contact Us    

  