  usenix_logo_notag_white                         Sign In 
  Conferences 

   Attend 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
  Sponsors 
  About 

 USENIX ATC '25 Call for Papers  

 Sponsored by USENIX  , the Advanced Computing Systems Association.   
 The 2025 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  will be co-located with the 19th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '25)  and take place on July 7–9, 2025, at the Sheraton Boston in Boston, MA, USA.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract registrations due: | Tuesday, January 7, 2025, 11:59 pm UTC 
  Submissions due: | Tuesday, January 14, 2025, 11:59 pm UTC 
  Authors' response period: | Monday, April 7–Wednesday, April 9, 2025, 11:59 pm UTC 
  Notification to authors: | Friday, April 25, 2025 
  Final papers due: | Tuesday, June 3, 2025 
  Download Call for Papers PDF    
 Overview  
 The 2025 USENIX Annual Technical Conference seeks original, high-quality submissions that improve and further the knowledge of computing systems, with an emphasis on implementations and experimental results. We are interested in systems of all scales, from small embedded mobile devices to data centers and clouds. The scope of USENIX ATC covers all practical aspects related to computer systems, including but not limited to: operating systems; runtime systems; parallel and distributed systems; storage; networking; security and privacy; virtualization; software-hardware interactions; performance evaluation and workload characterization; reliability, availability, and scalability; energy and power management; and bug-finding, tracing, analyzing, and troubleshooting.  
 We value submissions more highly if they are accompanied by clearly defined artifacts not previously available, including traces, original data, source code, or tools developed as part of the submitted work. We particularly encourage new ideas and approaches.  
 Submissions must contain original unpublished material that is not under review at any other forum, including journals, conferences, and workshops with proceedings. They will be judged on relevance, novelty, technical merit, correctness, and clarity. An idea or a design that the PC deems flawed can be grounds for rejection. USENIX ATC '25 will employ double-blind reviewing. Papers that are not properly anonymized may be rejected without review.  
 Papers need to be registered and their abstracts submitted by the abstract registration deadline. Papers with an empty abstract at the time of the abstract registration deadline will be rejected.  
 There will be an optional artifact evaluation process for accepted papers.  
 Submission Type: Full vs. Short  
 USENIX ATC '25 accepts both full and short submissions. Full submissions must not exceed 12 pages, and short submissions must not exceed 6 pages. In both cases, the page limit excludes references and appendices but includes all text, figures, tables, footnotes, etc. Both types are reviewed to the same standards and differ primarily in scope. A short paper presents a complete idea that is properly evaluated, just like in a full-length submission. Optionally, authors can include an appendix to provide material that may be of interest to some reviewers, such as algorithm details, proofs, and code snippets, but is not central to the contributions of the paper. For further details, see the submission instructions  .  
 Deployed Systems Track  
 USENIX ATC '25 solicits papers that describe the design, implementation, analysis, and experience with real-world deployment of systems and networks. Papers for the deployed systems track (occasionally referred to as the operational systems track in other USENIX conferences) need not present new ideas or results to be accepted but should convey practical insights. Note that the rules regarding submission and anonymization are different for deployed systems track papers. The final program will explicitly identify papers accepted to the deployed systems track to distinguish them from papers accepted to the regular track.  
 Early Rejection Notifications  
 USENIX ATC '25 reviews will be conducted in multiple rounds. For papers that are rejected in an early round, early rejection notifications will be sent to the authors at least one month ahead of the date that all remaining notifications (for acceptances and additional rejections) will be sent.  
 Authors' Response Period  
 USENIX ATC '25 will provide an opportunity for authors of papers that are not early rejected to respond to the reviews prior to the final consideration of the submissions at the program committee meeting according to the schedule detailed above.  
 Confidentiality  
 All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication on the USENIX ATC '25 website. Rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.  
 On the Use of Generative AI  
 While we acknowledge that generative AI is seamlessly included in many editing packages, e.g., Grammarly, and thus often hard to detect, authors must not submit papers containing sections generated entirely by generative AI. In particular, for papers including sections generated entirely by generative AI, i.e., text, graphs, experiments, etc., the authorship is not clearly that of the authors and may be tantamount to plagiarism. To this end, authors must submit a statement attesting that their paper does not include sections completely created by generative AI as part of the submission process in HotCRP. For more detailed questions about the appropriate use of generative AI, please feel free to contact the ATC co-chairs at atc25chairs@usenix.org  .  
 Questions?  
 Please direct any questions to the program co-chairs at atc25chairs@usenix.org  or to the USENIX office at submissionspolicy@usenix.org  .  
 Go to Submission Instructions   

 Conference Organizers  

 Program Co-Chairs   
 Deniz Altınbüken, Google    

 Ryan Stutsman, University of Utah    

 Program Committee   
 Reto Achermann, University of British Columbia    

 Bilge Acun, FAIR and Meta    

 Atul Adya, Databricks    

 Irfan Ahmad, Magnition    

 Ram Alagappan, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and VMware Research    

 Omid Alipourfard, Jane Street    

 Ali Anwar, University of Minnesota    

 Behnaz Arzani, Microsoft Research    

 Godmar Back, Virginia Tech    

 Saurabh Bagchi, Purdue University    

 Yungang Bao, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences    

 Ivan Beschastnikh, University of British Columbia    

 Ankit Bhardwaj, MIT CSAIL    

 Stella Bitchebe, McGill University    

 Philippe Bonnet, University of Copenhagen    

 Nathan Bronson, OpenAI    

 Rodrigo Bruno, INESC-ID, Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon    

 Anton Burtsev, University of Utah    

 Burcu Canakci, Microsoft    

 Zhichao Cao, Arizona State University    

 Maria Carpen-Amarie, Huawei Research    

 Somali Chaterji, Purdue University and KeyByte    

 Kang Chen, Tsinghua University    

 Xusheng Chen, Huawei Cloud    

 Youmin Chen, Shanghai Jiao Tong University    

 Yue Cheng, University of Virginia    

 Vijay Chidambaram, University of Texas at Austin    

 Steven Chien, University of Edinburgh    

 Young-ri Choi, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology)    

 Marcello Cinque, Università di Napoli Federico II    

 Landon Cox, Microsoft    

 Jon Crowcroft, University of Cambridge    

 Dilma Da Silva, Texas A&M University    

 Eyal de Lara, University of Toronto    

 Murat Demirbas, MongoDB Research    

 Xianzhong Ding, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory    

 Han Dong, Boston University and Red Hat    

 Wan Du, University of California, Merced    

 Abhinav Duggal, Amazon    

 Eric Eide, University of Utah    

 Sameh Elnikety, Microsoft Research    

 Pratik Fegade, Google    

 Dan Feng, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Xinwei (Mason) Fu, Amazon    

 Massimo Gallo, Huawei    

 Aishwarya Ganesan, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and VMware Research    

 Wei Gao, University of Pittsburgh    

 Manya Ghobadi, Massachusetts Institute of Technology    

 Yossi Gilad, Hebrew University of Jerusalem    

 Aniruddha Gokhale, Vanderbilt University    

 Kartik Gopalan, Binghamton University    

 Justin Gottschlich, Merly and Stanford University    

 Helen Gu, North Carolina State University    

 Arobinda Gupta, Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur    

 Suyash Gupta, University of Oregon    

 Kyle Hale, Oregon State University    

 Tim Harris, Microsoft    

 Niranjan Hasabnis, Code Metal    

 Liting Hu, University of California, Santa Cruz    

 Y. Charlie Hu, Purdue University    

 Yu Hua, Huazhong University of Science and Technology    

 Haochen Huang, Whova    

 Călin Iorgulescu, Oracle Labs    

 Dae R. Jeong, Georgia Tech    

 Jinkyu Jeong, Yonsei University    

 Abhilash Jindal, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi    

 Sang-Woo Jun, University of California, Irvine    

 Myoungsoo Jung, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Rohan Kadekodi, University of Washington    

 Kostis Kaffes, Columbia University    

 Vasiliki Kalavri, Boston University    

 Ankita Kejriwal, Snowflake    

 Tanvir Ahmed Khan, Columbia University    

 Daehyeok Kim, The University of Texas at Austin    

 Jongyul Kim, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Eddie Kohler, Harvard University    

 Kenji Kono, Keio University    

 Purushottam (Puru) Kulkarni, Indian Institute of Technology Bombay    

 Sándor Laki, Eötvös Loránd University    

 Michael Le, IBM    

 Baptiste Lepers, Inria    

 Alberto Lerner, University of Fribourg    

 Dong Li, University of California, Merced    

 Shih-Wei Li, National Taiwan University    

 Yin Li, University of Wisconsin—Madison    

 Yu Liang, ETH Zurich    

 Peng Liu, The Pennsylvania State University    

 Jean-Pierre Lozi, Inria    

 Haonan Lu, University at Buffalo    

 Lanyue Lu, Snowflake    

 Youyou Lu, Tsinghua University    

 Rajan M A, Tata Consultancy Services Research and Innovation    

 Aravind Machiry, Purdue University    

 Paul E. McKenney, Meta Platforms, Inc.    

 Amirsaman Memaripour, MongoDB    

 Alex Merenstein, IBM    

 Michael Mesnier, Independent    

 Subrata Mitra, Adobe Research    

 Apoorve Mohan, IBM Research    

 Sibin Mohan, The George Washington University    

 Sue Moon, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Shuai Mu, Stony Brook University    

 Dalit Naor, The Academic College of Tel Aviv-Yaffo    

 Khanh Nguyen, Texas A&M University    

 Ruslan Nikolaev, The Pennsylvania State University    

 Sam H. Noh, Virginia Tech    

 Pierre Olivier, The University of Manchester    

 Arthi Padmanabhan, Harvey Mudd College    

 Roberto Palmieri, Lehigh University    

 Abhisek Pan, Microsoft    

 Aurojit Panda, New York University    

 Ashish Panwar, Microsoft Research India    

 Jonggyu Park, University of Washington    

 Fernando Pedone, Università della Svizzera italiana    

 Kevin Pedretti, Sandia National Laboratories    

 Soujanya Ponnapalli, University of California, Berkeley    

 Vijayan Prabhakaran, Databricks    

 Feng Qian, University of Southern California    

 Haoran Qiu, Microsoft Azure Research    

 Jan S. Rellermeyer, Leibniz University Hannover    

 Xiang Ren, University of Toronto    

 João Rodrigues de Campos, University of Coimbra    

 Stephen Rumble, Google (YouTube)    

 Suranga Seneviratne, The University of Sydney    

 Mohammad Shahrad, University of British Columbia    

 Yizhou Shan, Huawei Cloud    

 Jiacheng Shen, Duke Kunshan University    

 Ji-Yong Shin, Northeastern University    

 Liuba Shrira, Brandeis University    

 Manish Shukla, TCS Research    

 Linhai Song, The Pennsylvania State University    

 Sriram Subramanian, Amazon Web Services    

 Nik Sultana, Illinois Institute of Technology    

 Gongjin Sun, Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.    

 Hailong Sun, Beihang University    

 Xuan Sun, University of Edinburgh    

 Steven Swanson, University of California, San Diego    

 Adriana Szekeres, VMware Research    

 Cheng Tan, Northeastern University    

 Alain Tchana, Grenoble INP    

 Gaël Thomas, Inria Saclay    

 Chia-Che Tsai, Texas A&M University    

 Ibrahim Umit Akgun, Google    

 Dmitrii Ustiugov, Nanyang Technological University    

 Marco Vieira, University of North Carolina at Charlotte    

 Haris Volos, University of Cyprus    

 Chenxi Wang, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences    

 Yang Wang, The Ohio State University and Meta    

 Zhuang Wang, Amazon Web Services    

 Michael Wei, VMware Research    

 Dan Williams, Virginia Tech    

 Youjip Won, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)    

 Timothy Wood, George Washington University    

 Kan Wu, Google    

 Suzhen Wu, Xiamen University    

 Giorgio Erci Xu, Alibaba Cloud    

 Gang Yan, University of California, Merced    

 Ming-Chang Yang, The Chinese University of Hong Kong    

 Anil Yelam, Google    

 Eiko Yoneki, University of Cambridge    

 Jiangshan Yu, The University of Sydney    

 Hao Zhang, University of California, San Diego    

 Jie Zhang, Peking University    

 Minjia Zhang, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign    

 Tieying Zhang, Bytedance    

 Yongle Zhang, Purdue University    

 Yuan Zhang, Fudan University    

 Zheng (Eddy) Zhang, Rutgers University    

 Zihao Zhang, Stony Brook University    

 Diyu Zhou, Peking University    

 Steering Committee   
 Irina Calciu, VMware Research    

 Ada Gavrilovska, Georgia Institute of Technology    

 Casey Henderson-Ross, USENIX Association    

 Geoff Kuenning, Harvey Mudd College    

 Brian Noble, University of Michigan    

 Jiri Schindler, Tranquil Data    

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University    

 Erez Zadok, Stony Brook University    

 Noa Zilberman, University of Oxford    

 Attend 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
  Sponsors 
  About 

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

 © USENIX 2024  

  