   
 International Conference on Visual Analytics and Data Visualization   
   
   ICVADV-2025  

 Submit a Paper  

 Home 
  Committee 
  ICVADV-2025 | Participant Registration 
  Submit a Paper 
  Plenary-Speakers 
  Calls 
  Publication 
  Links | Event Location 
  Contact 
  Important Dates 

 The submission information page describes the mode of submission and how to submit your work to ICVADV 2024 conference and provides information to help you through the process from initial paper submission to preparing your presentation at the conference.   
 Submission Mode    
 Author[s] must forward their full-paper [6-8 pages] via,   
 Email: | icvadvconference@gmail.com 
    
 Earlier paper submission is encouraged as it helps us to manage the review process in a timely manner.   
 Manuscript Preparation Guidelines & Submission Template    
 Papers must not exceed 5000 words in length, including abstract, figures, references and appendices for a total of 6-8 pages. 
  Before submitting your paper, please ensure that it has been carefully read for typographical and grammatical errors. Avoid using both British and American English in a paper. Papers will be returned if the standard of English is not considered to be good enough for publication. 
  Figures should be designed with clear, large type and visible graphics. Each figure or table should have a heading of one or two lines. 
  Papers should be submitted as a .doc, .docx or .pdf attachment by email to the conference chair. 
  All papers received by the due date will be sent for peer review process. 
  click here  for MS Word Template   
 click here  for LaTeX Template   
 https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html    
   
 Review Process    
 The conference program committee will consider all the papers received by the published deadline to ensure that the proposed submission is relevant to the Conference. All papers will be peer reviewed by members of the conference committee to ensure the publishing standard, that the proposed subject of the submitted abstract has been followed, that the paper is of a suitable length, the standard of English is adequate and the paper is appropriately referenced.   
 Papers can also be rejected if it does not satisfy the aforementioned criteria.   
 If a work is accepted for the conference after being evaluated (with or without change requests), the author will receive an official acceptance letter via Email.   
 Presentation Instructions    
 Presentations should be clearly structured and should contain the essential elements of the accepted formal paper. Please include such content as problem statement, proposed/innovative approach, results, and any comparative evaluation that the author wishes to present. The presenter should prepare a reasonable number of PowerPoint slides, so as not to exceed the time limit.   
 Presentation duration:  15 minutes + 5-minute Q&A   
 Publication and Conference Policy    
 The authors should abide to the guidelines mentioned below before submitting the paper, if any dispute arises during peer review or after acceptance and publication and if authors are unable to give a valid explanation, ICVADV retains the right to remove a submission from the editing process.   
 Plagiarism    
 Plagiarism, image manipulation, and data fabrication are not tolerated. 
  Plagiarism includes copying research ideas, text, images, or data from another source/research literature, even from the author’s own publications without giving any credit to the original source. 
  Text copied from another source must be reused within quotations, and the original source must be referenced. If the design of a research or the structure or language of the publication, was inspired by previous research, the corresponding works must be explicitly cited. 
  If plagiarism is detected during the peer review process, the manuscript will be rejected. If plagiarism is detected after publication paper will be retracted. 
  Copyright    
 As an author/editor of a work, you may be responsible for overseeing the inclusion of third party content. By ‘third party content’ we mean any work that you have not created yourself and which you have reproduced or adapted from other sources. 
  Authors remain fully responsible for ensuring that they have obtained, documented and paid for (when applicable), all necessary rights to use third party content in their works. If authors chose to reuse third party content from a previous edition of their work, they are also responsible for ensuring they obtained permission from the third party for new editions. 

  