  
     
 Toggle navigation          
 VizSec 2023 Home 
  Sponsorship 
  News 
  Past Years 
  Data 
  About 

  VizSec 2016  
 Welcome to IEEE Symposium on Visualization for Cyber Security  
 VizSec will be held in Baltimore, MD, USA  in conjunction with IEEE VIS  , on Monday October 24th  . VizSec brings together researchers and practitioners in information visualization and security to address the specific needs of the cyber security community through new and insightful visualization techniques.  
 The proceedings will be available in the IEEE Digital Library.  
  Program  
  
 8:30 AM | Welcome and Announcements 
 8:40 AM | Keynote  : Jay Jacobs - The State of (Viz) Security 
 9:40 AM | Paper Session: Methodology 
 Laurin Buchanan, Anita D'Amico and Drew Kirkpatrick  
  Mixed Method Approach to Identify Analytic Questions to be Visualized for Military Cyber Incident Handlers 
 10:00 AM | Break 
 10:30 AM | Paper Session: Code security 
 Md. Jawaherul Alam, Michael Goodrich and Timothy Johnson  
  J-Viz: Finding Algorithmic Complexity Attacks via Graph Visualization of Java Bytecode 
 Hala Assal, Sonia Chiasson and Robert Biddle  
  Cesar, Visual representation of source code vulnerabilities 
 11:10 AM | Case studies 
 Dustin Arendt, Dan Best, Russ Burtner and Celeste Lyn Paul  
  CyberPetri at CDX 2016: Real-time Network Situation Awareness 
 Sebastian Peryt, Jose Andre Morales, William Casey, Aaron Volkmann and Yang Cai  
  Visualizing a Malware Distribution Network 
 Tobias Post, Thomas Wischgoll, Adam R. Bryant, Bernd Hamann, Paul Müller and Hans Hagen  
  Visually guided Flow Tracking in Software-defined Networking 
 11:55 AM | Break 
 2:00 PM | Panel  : Use of Visualizations in DoD Cyberspace Operations 
 3:00 PM | Paper Session: Security policy and passwords 
 Hossein Siadati, Bahador Saket and Nasir Memon  
  Detecting Malicious Logins in Enterprise Networks Using Visualization 
 Robert Gove  
  V3SPA: A Visual Analysis, Exploration, and Diffing Tool for SELinux and SEAndroid Security Policies 
 3:40 PM | Break 
 4:15 PM | Paper Session: Visualizing large scale threats 
 Ngoc Anh Huynh, Wee Keong Ng, Alex Ulmer and Jörn Kohlhammer  
  Uncovering Periodic Network Signals of Cyber Attacks 
 Meenakshi Syamkumar, Ramakrishnan Durairajan and Paul Barford  
  Bigfoot: A Geo-based Visualization Methodology for Detecting BGP Threats 
 Michael Marie Aupetit, Yury Zhauniarovich, Giorgos Vasiliadis, Marc Dacier and Yazan Boshmaf  
  Visualisation of Actionable Knowledge to Mitigate DRDoS Attacks 
 Bram Cappers and Jarke J. van Wijk  
  Understanding the Context of Network Traffic Alerts 
 5:35 PM | Poster Session 
  
  Keynote  
 Jay Jacobs  
 The State of (Viz) Security  
  The information security industry is changing rapidly (like always). It's worthwhile to take a moment to stop and look around to figure out if we are still on a good path. Join Jay Jacobs as he takes looks back over his career along with 12 years of VizSec and takes stock of where we are and some areas we should be moving towards.  
 Jay Jacobs is a Sr. Data Scientist at BitSight  , before that, he spent four years as the Lead Data Analyst on the Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report (DBIR)  . Jacobs is the Co-Author of Data Driven Security  , a book covering data analysis and visualizations for information security, and hosts the Data-Driven Security podcast  . Jacobs is also a Co-Founder of the Society of Information Risk Analysts (SIRA)  and serves as President on their Board of Directors.  
  Panel  
 Moderators: LTC Stoney Trent, US Cyber Command and Anita D'Amico, Secure Decisions  
 Use of Visualizations in DoD Cyberspace Operations  
 While information visualization researchers and designers continue to develop new cyber security visualizations, little attention has been paid to how currently-fielded visualizations are actually used in cyberspace operations. Lathrop and Trent (2016) introduce the differences between traditional cyber security roles and expertise and emerging roles and technology requirements in cyber security operations. Cyber technologies and cyberspace operations organizations are co-evolving, so it is critical for researchers to understand practitioner perspectives. U.S. Cyber Command has established a research activity, the Cyber Immersion Lab, that is supporting such understanding. This panel, facilitated by the Cyber Immersion Lab, will provide an overview of the Cyber Mission Force and roles that perform cyberspace operations. Cyber Mission Force members will share insights into how visualizations are currently being used as well as perspectives on how currently-fielded visualizations fail to support real cyber work. Additional time will be reserved for questions and answers.  
  Papers  
 Laurin Buchanan, Anita D'Amico and Drew Kirkpatrick, | Mixed Method Approach to Identify Analytic Questions to be Visualized for Military Cyber Incident Handlers 
  Md. Jawaherul Alam, Michael Goodrich and Timothy Johnson, | J-Viz: Finding Algorithmic Complexity Attacks via Graph Visualization of Java Bytecode 
  Hala Assal, Sonia Chiasson and Robert Biddle. | Cesar, Visual representation of source code vulnerabilities 
  Hossein Siadati, Bahador Saket and Nasir Memon, | Detecting Malicious Logins in Enterprise Networks Using Visualization 
  Robert Gove, | V3SPA: A Visual Analysis, Exploration, and Diffing Tool for SELinux and SEAndroid Security Policies 
  Ngoc Anh Huynh, Wee Keong Ng, Alex Ulmer and Jörn Kohlhammer, | Uncovering Periodic Network Signals of Cyber Attacks 
  Meenakshi Syamkumar, Ramakrishnan Durairajan and Paul Barford, | Bigfoot: A Geo-based Visualization Methodology for Detecting BGP Threats 
  Michael Marie Aupetit, Yury Zhauniarovich, Giorgos Vasiliadis, Marc Dacier and Yazan Boshmaf, | Visualisation of Actionable Knowledge to Mitigate DRDoS Attacks 
  Bram Cappers and Jarke J. van Wijk, | Understanding the Context of Network Traffic Alerts 
   Case studies  
 Dustin Arendt, Dan Best, Russ Burtner and Celeste Lyn Paul, | CyberPetri at CDX 2016: Real-time Network Situation Awareness 
  Sebastian Peryt, Jose Andre Morales, William Casey, Aaron Volkmann and Yang Cai, | Visualizing a Malware Distribution Network 
  Tobias Post, Thomas Wischgoll, Adam R. Bryant, Bernd Hamann, Paul Müller and Hans Hagen, | Visually guided Flow Tracking in Software-defined Networking 
  Posters  
 Coming Soon.  
  Call for Papers  
 The 13th IEEE Symposium on Visualization for Cyber Security (VizSec) is a forum that brings together researchers and practitioners from academia, government, and industry to address the needs of the cyber security community through new and insightful visualization and analysis techniques. VizSec provides an excellent venue for fostering greater exchange and new collaborations on a broad range of security- and privacy-related topics. VizSec will be held in Baltimore, MD, USA  in conjunction with IEEE VIS  , on Monday October 24th.   
 The purpose of VizSec is to explore effective and scalable visual interfaces for security domains such as network security, computer forensics, reverse engineering, insider threat detection, cryptography, privacy, user assisted attacks prevention, compliance management, wireless security, secure coding, and penetration testing.  
 Technical Papers  
 Full papers describing novel contributions in security visualization are solicited. Papers may present techniques, applications, theory, analysis, experiments, or evaluations. We encourage the submission of papers on technologies and methods that promise to improve cyber security practices, including, but not limited to:  
 Situation awareness and/or understanding 
  Incident handling including triage, exploration, correlation, and response 
  Computer forensics 
  Recording and reporting results of investigations 
  Assisting proactive security configuration and deployment 
  Reverse engineering and malware analysis 
  Vulnerability management 
  Multiple data source analysis 
  Analyzing information requirements for computer network defense 
  Evaluation and/or user testing of VizSec systems 
  Criteria for assessing the effectiveness of cyber security visualizations (whether from a security goal perspective or a human factors perspective) 
  Modeling system and network behavior 
  Modeling attacker and defender behavior 
  Studying risk and impact of cyber attacks 
  Predicting future attacks or targets 
  Security metrics and education 
  Software security 
  Mobile application security 
  Social networking privacy and security 
   
  When applicable, visualization and interaction techniques that effectively capture the insights of human analysts and/or allow analysts to collaborate efficiently are particularly desirable.  
 Case Studies  
 New for 2016!  Short papers describing practical applications of security visualization are solicited. We encourage the submission of papers discussing the introduction of cyber security visualizations into operational context, including, but not limited to:  
 Cases where visualization made positive contributions towards meeting operational needs 
  Gaps or negative outcomes from visualization deployments 
  Situations where visualization was not utilized, but could have had a positive impact 
  Lessons learned from operational engagements 
  Insights gained from the transition process 
   
  Cyber security practitioners from industry, as well as the research community, are encouraged to submit case studies. Accepted case studies will be made available on this website.  
 Posters  
 Poster submissions may showcase late-breaking results, work in progress, preliminary results, or visual representations relevant to the VizSec community. The poster program will be a great opportunity for the authors to interact with the attendees and solicit feedback. Accepted poster abstracts will be made available on this website.  
 Tests and Evaluation  
 When applicable, submissions including tests and evaluations of the proposed tools and techniques are considered particularly desirable. If possible, making the data used for the tests available will also be considered positively. If you do not have real-world data to demonstrate your visualization, you may be interested in looking at the VAST Challenge data sets.  
  Submissions  
 Submissions are now closed.  
  Important Dates  
 All deadlines are 5:00 PM PST. Papers and Case Studies  
  
 August 8, 2016 | Submission for Papers and Case Studies 
 September 5, 2016 | Author Notification for Papers and Case Studies 
 October 3, 2016 | Camera Ready Submission and Copyright Forms for Papers 
  
 Posters  
  
 September 19, 2016 | Abstract Submission for Posters 
 September 30, 2016 | Author Notification for Posters 
  
  Committees  
 Organizing Committee  
  
 Program Committee  

   Get in Touch  
 Email chair@vizsec.org  for questions regarding the latest VizSec event. For general questions, email info@vizsec.org  or post to our Google group.   
  Follow @vizsec  on Twitter!  
   
  VizSec News  
 VizSec 2023 Call for Papers and Deadlines 
  VizSec 2023 Website 
  VizSec 2022 Program 
  VizSec 2022 Call for Papers and Deadlines 
  VizSec 2022 Website 
  VizSec 2021 Program 
  VizSec 2021 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2021 Website 
  Inclusivity and Diversity scholarship 
  VizSec 2020 Registration 
  VizSec 2020 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2019: Program Schedule and Posters Announced 
  Submission Deadline Extended to June 19th, 2019 
  Chris Oehmen to Keynote at VizSec 2019 
  VizSec 2019 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2018 Videos and Proceeding Available 
  VizSec 2017 Videos Posted 
  VizSec 2017 Program Posted 
  VizSec 2017 Deadline Extended 
  VizSec 2017 Best Paper Award 
  VizSec 2017 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2016 papers are in the IEEE DL 
  Program Schedule Available 
  Jay Jacob's to Provide Keynote 
  VizSec 2016 Registration 
  VizSec 2016 Call for Papers 
  VizSec 2015 papers are in the IEEE DL 
  Papers for VizSec 2015 
  VizSec 2015 Program Schedule 
  VizSec 2015 Call for Papers 
    
  Past VizSec Events  
 2022    Hybrid Conference, Oklahoma City, USA   2021    Virtual Conference   2020    Virtual Conference   2019    Vancouver, Canada   2018    Berlin, Germany   2017    Phoenix, AZ, USA   2016    Baltimore, MD, USA   2015    Chicago, Illinois, USA   2014    Paris, France   2013    Atlanta GA, USA   2012    Seattle, WA, USA   2011    Pittsburgh, PA, USA   2010    Ottawa, ON, Canada   2009    Atlantic City, NJ, USA   2008    Cambridge, MA, USA   2007    Sacramento, CA   2006    Washington, DC, USA   2005    Minneapolis, MN, USA   2004    Washington, DC, USA      
 View all »    

 © The VizSec team; content licensed under CC BY 3.0    
   
  