IEEE.org  IEEE Xplore  Digital Library  IEEE Standards  IEEE Spectrum  More Sites    
   
     Call for Papers - VTC2025-Spring Oslo                                           
   
   VTC2025-Spring Oslo   

 Home 
  Authors | Call for Papers 
  Conference Policies 
  Final Paper Submission Guidelines 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  VTS Conference Committee 
  Sponsors | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Program | Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Venue 
  About 

 VTC2025-Spring Oslo     > Authors     > Call for Papers      

 VTC2025-Spring in Oslo will feature world-class technical sessions, workshops, and tutorials on, but not limited to, the following technical tracks. Prospective authors are invited to submit 5-page, original, and unpublished full papers. A full paper can be up to 7 pages in length, just note that papers longer than 5 pages will require the purchase of additional page charges at the time of registration and final paper submission. Please do not submit papers longer than 8 pages for review as it is not likely that the paper could be edited to a maximum of 7 pages or less upon acceptance.  
 1. Airborne and Maritime Mobile Systems and Services  
  2. Antenna Systems, Propagation, and RF Design  
  3. Electric Vehicles, Vehicular Electronics, and Intelligent Transportation  
  4. Emerging technologies, 6G and beyond  
  5. Green Communications and Networks  
  6. IoV, IoT, M2M, Sensor Networks, and Ad-Hoc Networking  
  7. Machine Learning and AI for Communications  
  8. Multiple Antennas and Cooperative Communications  
  9. Positioning, Navigation, and Sensing  
  10. Signal Processing for Wireless Communications  
  11. Spectrum Management, Radio Access Technology, Services and Security  
  12. Vehicular Cooperation and Control, Assisted and Autonomous Driving  
 Paper submission deadline: 16 December 2024   
  Acceptance notification: 6 March 2025  
  Final paper submission deadline: 3 April 2025  
     
 Submission requirements: 5-page paper (without overlength charge) and up to 2 additional pages are allowed with the purchase of additional page charges in the amount of $100 USD per additional page at the time of registration and final paper submission.  
 For additional information, please see: vtc25-spring-cfp_web-03 11-15-2024     
 Paper submission is open: https://vtc2025spring.trackchair.com/   

 Oslo    
 Norway    

 IEEE VTS    
 VTC2025-Spring    

 Conference Contact  
  
 Contact Us     

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
  A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology  
  for the benefit of humanity.  
   
 Accessibility  | Nondiscrimination Policy  | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies   

  Top     
   
       