 43rd IEEE VLSI Test Symposium 2025  

 Menu  Skip to content  About 
  Travel Info & Venue Maps 
  Author Information 
  Steering committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  PhD Thesis Competition 
  Author Information 
  Corporate Support Opportunities 
    
 Search for:       

 Author Information  
  
 The IEEE VLSI Test Symposium (VTS) explores emerging trends and novel concepts in test, reliability, calibration, validation, yield, and security of microelectronic circuits and systems. The VTS Program Committee invites original – unpublished paper submissions for VTS 2025 Proposals for the innovative practices and special session tracks are also invited.  
 A pdf copy of the call for proposals can be found here: CFP_VTS2025   
 For more information, visit the website  .  
  The VTS Program Committee invites original, unpublished  submissions in the following categories:  
   
 SCIENTIFIC PAPERS   
 Complete manuscripts, up to six pages in a standard IEEE two-column format, the references do not count towards the page limit  . Papers exceeding the page limit will be returned without review. Authors should clearly explain the significance of the work, highlight novel features, and describe its current status.  
   
 SPECIAL SESSIONS  PROPOSALS  
 Proposals for special sessions may include presentations on hot topics, panels, and embedded tutorials. Every proposal must include a 150-200 word abstract the name of the organizers and a list of at least three speakers with contact information and tentative presentation titles. If the proposal for the special session is accepted, speakers and organizers will be invited to prepare either (a) a single paper with all or a subset of presenters as authors, up to ten pages (excluding references) or (b) 3 individual papers up to 4 pages (excluding the references) to be included in the formal proceedings of the conference.  
 PROPOSALS FOR THE INNOVATIVE PRACTICES SESSIONS    
 The innovative practices track highlights cutting-edge challenges faced by test practitioners in the industry, and innovative solutions employed to address them. Every proposal must include a 150-to-200 word abstract the name of the organizers and a list of at least three speakers with a tentative presentation title. If the proposal for the special session is accepted, speakers and organizers will be invited to prepare a one page abstract describing the content of the session  
  All submissions must be submitted electronically through the VTS website, at the following link:  
 Submit your manuscript    
 A submission will be considered as evidence that, upon acceptance, the author(s) will submit a final camera-ready version of the paper.  
 Click HERE  to download MS word o latex templates.   
 The deadline to register the title, abstract, and authors in the submission system is November 18, 2024.   
 The final version of the PDF of the paper must be uploaded by November 25, 2024 (11:59:59 AoE time)  .  
 Important News:   
 The VTS review process for scientific papers is DOUBLE BLIND. Do not include any author names on any submitted documents except in the space provided on the submission form. You must also ensure that the metadata included in the PDF does not give away the authors. If you are improving upon your prior work, refer to your prior work in the third person and include a full citation for the work in the bibliography.   
 Authors will be notified of the disposition of their papers by January 31, 2025  . A submission will be considered as a commitment that, upon acceptance, the author(s) will submit a final camera-ready version of the paper by February 21, 2025 11:59:59pm AoE  .  
 Registration of at least one author by the camera-ready deadline and presentation of the paper at the symposium are also required for inclusion of the paper in the published proceedings. Special Sessions and Innovative Practices are requested to submit a session title, abstract, and list of participants by the related due date and the final PDF by February 21, 2025 11:59:59pm AoE  upon acceptance.  
 VTS 2025 will present a Best Paper Award  based on the evaluations of reviewers, attendees, and an invited panel of judges. We also plan to organize various Student Activities  including the TTTC Best Doctoral Thesis Contest  and Ph.D. Poster Forum  , details for which will be made available through the VTS website.  

 GOLD SUPPORTERS   

 IEEE SPONSORS    

 Key Dates  
  
 Paper registration (title, abstract, and authors)  : | November 1, 2024   
  November 18, 2024    
  November 25, 2024 (FIRM) 
 Paper PDF upload  : | November 8, 2024   
  November 25, 2024    
  December 2, 2024 (FIRM) 
 Notification of acceptance  : | January 31, 2025 
 Camera-ready upload  : | Feb 21, 2025 

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  