    WALCOM 2025  Call for Papers 
  Committee 
  Invited Speakers 
  Registration 
  Accepted Papers 
  Camera 
  Program 
  Travel and Visa 
  Venue & Accommodation 

 Call for Papers  
   
 WALCOM 2025  
 The 19th International Conference and Workshop on Algorithms and Computation (WALCOM 2025) is intended to provide an international forum for researchers working in the areas of algorithms and computation. It will be held during February 28 - March 2, 2025 at Chengdu, China.  
 Important Dates  
 Submission: September 22, 2024, 23:59 AoE 
  Notification: November 8, 2024 AoE 
  Camera-ready: November 20, 2024 AoE 
  Conference: Feburary 28 - March 2, 2025 
  AoE: Anywhere on Earth time, UTC -12 hours   
 Invited Speakers  
 Venkatesan Guruswami (University of California, Berkeley) 
  Ken-ichi Kawarabayashi (National Institute of Informatics, Japan) 
  Daniel Lokshtanov (University of California, Santa Barbara) 
  Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit papers describing original research of theoretical or practical significance to algorithms and computation and must not simultaneously submit it to another journal or conference. Papers should not exceed 14 pages (including references, but excluding the optional appendix) in LNCS style. It can be downloaded from LNCS conference proceedings guidelines  . If the authors feel that more details are essential to substantiate the main claim of the paper, they may include a clearly marked appendix that will be read at the discretion of the Program Committee.  
 Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work and surveys of important results. At the time the paper is submitted to WALCOM 2025, and for the entire review period, the paper (or essentially the same paper) should not be under review by any other conference with published proceedings or by a scientific journal. At least one author of each accepted paper will be expected to attend the conference and present the paper onsite.  
 Only electronic submissions via Easychair will be allowed. Click here  to submit.   
 List of Topics  
 The range of topics within the scope of WALCOM includes but is not limited to:  
 Approximation Algorithms 
  Algorithmic Graph Theory and Combinatorics 
  Algorithmic and Combinatorial Aspects of Logic 
  Combinatorial Algorithms 
  Combinatorial Optimization 
  Combinatorial Reconfiguration 
  Computational Biology 
  Computational Complexity 
  Computational Geometry 
  Discrete Geometry 
  Data Structures 
  Experimental Algorithm Methodologies 
  Graph Algorithms 
  Graph Drawing 
  Parallel and Distributed Algorithms 
  Parameterized Algorithms 
  Parameterized Complexity 
  Network Optimization 
  Online Algorithms 
  Randomized Algorithms 
  String Algorithms 
  Publication  
 The proceedings of the conference will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series, and will be available for distribution at the conference. Selected high quality papers will be invited for submission to Information and Computation, Theoretical Computer Science, and Journal of Combinatorial Optimization. Submissions will undergo a standard peer review process according to the usual editorial standards of the journals.  

  