WAW 2025   
 20th Workshop on Modelling and Mining Networks  
   
 Home 
  Organization 
  CFP 
  Speakers 
  Schedule 

  Call for Papers  
 WAW 2025  invites original research papers and abstracts on all aspects of algorithmic and mathematical research in the areas pertaining to the graph and hypergraph theory and applications. We especially encourage submission of papers that espouse the view of complex data as networks.  
 Submissions are invited in, but not limited to, the following areas:  
 Algorithms | : graph and hypergraph algorithms, clustering, collaborative filtering, routing optimization. 
  Analysis | : structural properties, visualization, patterns, communities, discovery, flow simulation. 
  Data Models | : graph and hypergraph models, evolution, trust and reputation networks. 
  Topics | : Web, social networks, transportation networks, economic interactions, communication networks, recommender networks, citation networks, Wikipedia, biological networks, blogs, p2p. 
  Applications | : web mining, social and business applications, routing & transportation, web search and ranking. 
  Theory | : properties of random graphs models that are used to model complex networks, higher-order structures, network geometry, temporal networks and dynamics, dynamic processes such as polarization, social learning, contagions. 
  The papers must be formatted according to Springer LNCS style  . The maximum length of papers is at most 15  pages but shorter papers are welcome. Acceptance of papers will be based on the reviews provided by the program committee members. The workshop proceedings will be published as a Springer LNCS volume  . Talks associated with proceedings papers will be 30 minutes.  
 Abstracts are a maximum of one page, may be in any style, and must be pdf files. They should include the title, speakers, and a summary of research. All abstracts related to the conference areas will be evaluated by the program committee. Accepted abstracts will be published on the conference website (but not published in the proceedings). Talks associated with abstracts will be 20 minutes.  
 Papers must be submitted via Easy Chair  . Abstracts should be sent via email (as attachment, PDF file) to mindaugas.bloznelis@mif.vu.lt  . (Confirmation will be sent via e-mail; please do not  submit abstracts via Easy Chair.)  

  Important Dates  
 Full paper submission: | February 1, 2025 
  Notification of acceptance: | March 1, 2025 
  Final version due: | April 1, 2025 

 Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 

 Contact us  

 Mindaugas Bloznelis   
  Paulius Drungilas   
  Rimantas Vaicekauskas   
 Faculty of Mathematics and Informatics  
  Vilnius University  
  Vilnius, Lithuania  
 mindaugas.bloznelis@mif.vu.lt   
  paulius.drungilas@mif.vu.lt   
  rimantas.vaicekauskas@mif.vu.lt   
 Matas Šileikis   
 Institute of Computer Science  
  Czech Academy of Sciences  
  Praha, Czech Republic  

 Pawel Pralat   
 Department of Mathematics  
  Toronto Metropolitan University  
  Toronto, ON, Canada  
 pralat@torontomu.ca   

 Bogumil Kaminski   
 Decision Analysis and Support Unit  
  SGH Warsaw School of Economics  
  Warsaw, Poland  
 bkamins@sgh.waw.pl   
 Francois Theberge   
 Tutte Institute for Mathematics and Computing  
  Ottawa, ON, Canada  
 theberge@ieee.org   

 © 2024 Pawel Pralat. All rights reserved.  
   
  