Call for Papers   
 You are here:   Home   1    /  WETICE 2024   2    /  Call for Papers    

    Previous  Next    
 1  2  3    

 32 nd  International Conference on Enabling Technologies: Infrastructure for Collaborative Enterprises (WETICE 2024)  
 Reggio Emilia, June 26 th  -28 th  , 2024  

 WETICE 2024 
  Call for Papers 
  For Participants 
  Program 
  Committees 

 Call for papers   
 WETICE is the annual international conference on state-of-the-art research in enabling technologies for collaboration. Established thirty-two years ago, WETICE aims at promoting fruitful discussions on the latest technology developments, directions, problems, and requirements. The conference includes presentations, keynote sessions, and group discussions.   
 All papers are refereed by the members of the Program Committee. Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in IEEE Xplore, Scopus, DBLP, and Google Scholar.   
 Submission Guidelines   
 The submissions must be original not published or submitted for publication elsewhere. All papers should be submitted via the following URL:  
  https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/WETICE2024    
 Papers must be written in English and formatted according to the guidelines at the following link: https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html    
 The maximum length of the paper is 6 pages, including figures and references. Authors are required to include their names and affiliations in their papers.   
   
 Important Dates   
  
 Submission Deadline | (extended) May 8th, 2024 
 Notification of acceptance | May 29th, 2024 
 Camera Ready Deadline | TBD 
 Registration Deadline | TBD 
 Conference | June 26th-28th, 2024 

 Scroll to top     
 Cookies are used to manage preferences and repeated visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of all cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your navigation experience. The cookies that are categorized as necessary are always stored in your browser because they are essential for the basic functionality of the website. Other cookies will be stored in your browser only with your explicit consent.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionality and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | This cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Others". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | This cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store whether or not the user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help share the content of the website, collect feedbacks, and support other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to study key performance Indicators of the website to help deliver a better navigation experience.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytics cookies are used to study how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help study metrics about the number of visitors, the bounce rate, the traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant advertisements and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized advertisements.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other cookies are those that have not been classified into a category.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

   