WG 2025    Call for Papers  Venue     Committees  Invited Speakers  History    

 Call for Papers  
  We invite authors to submit papers describing original research of theoretical or practical significance to the 51st International Workshop on Graph-Theoretic Concepts in Computer Science (WG2025). The WG2025 conference is the 51st edition of the WG series and will take place from June 11 to 13, 2025, with a reception on the evening of June 10 at Europäische Akademie Otzenhausen, Germany.  
 Aims and Scope  
 WG is mainly concerned with efficient algorithms of various types (e.g., sequential, parallel, distributed, randomized, parameterized) for problems on graphs and networks. The goal is to present recent results and to identify and explore directions for future research. Submitted papers should describe original results in any aspects of graph theory related to computer science, including but not restricted to:  
 design and analysis of sequential, parallel, randomized, parameterized algorithms 
  distributed graph and network algorithms 
  structural graph theory with algorithmic or complexity applications 
  computational complexity of graph and network problems 
  graph grammars, graph rewriting systems and graph modeling 
  graph drawing and layouts 
  computational geometry 
  computational biology 
  graph mining 
  random graphs and models of the web and scale-free networks 
  support of the above concepts by suitable implementations and applications. 
  Important dates  
 Abstract submission deadline: February 14, 2025 
  Paper submission deadline: February 20, 2025 
  Notification of paper acceptance: April 17, 2025 
  Symposium: June 11-13, 2025 
  Final versions due: July 4, 2025 
  Submissions And Proceedings  
 Contributors are invited to submit an extended abstract of at most 12 pages Springer LNCS format (www.springer.com/lncs) including title and abstract, but excluding references. Proofs omitted due to space restrictions must be placed in an appendix, to be read by program committee members at their discretion. All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. At least one author of each accepted paper will be expected to register and present the paper in person at the conference. Accepted contributions will be published in the conference post-proceedings in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series of Springer-Verlag.  
 The submission server is: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wg2025   
 Awards  
 WG 2025 will offer awards for the best paper and the best student paper. The awards will be decided by the program committee. The committee can decide to split the awards over multiple papers, or not to offer an award. Papers eligible for the best student paper can have non-student co-authors, but the main work in a paper that is a candidate for the best student paper award must be done by co-authors that were students at the time of submission, and the award can be received only by such co-authors. It must be indicated at the time of submission whether a paper is a candidate for this award.  

  