WoLLIC 2025     
 31    st    Workshop on Logic, Language, Information and Computation      
 July 14 to 17, 2025    
 Porto, Portugal    

 Scientific Sponsorship   
  Interest Group in Pure and Applied Logics (  IGPL    )   
  The Association for Logic, Language and Information (  FoLLI    )  (tbc)  
  Association for Symbolic Logic (  ASL    )  (tbc)  
  European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (  EATCS    )  (tbc)  
  Sociedade Brasileira de Lógica (  SBL    )  (tbc)   

 Organisation     
 Department of Computer Science    ,  Faculty of Sciences    ,  University of Porto    , Portugal    
   Centro de Informática     ,  Universidade Federal de Pernambuco    , Brazil     

 Call for Papers    
 WoLLIC   is an annual international forum on inter-disciplinary research involving formal logic, computing and programming theory, and natural language and reasoning. Each meeting includes invited talks and tutorials as well as contributed papers. The thirtieth WoLLIC will be held at the Mathematisches Institut, Universität Bern, Switzerland, June 10 to 13, 2024. It is sponsored by the Association for Symbolic Logic   (ASL), the Interest Group in Pure and Applied Logics   (IGPL), the The Association for Logic, Language and Information   (FoLLI), the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science   (EATCS), and the Sociedade Brasileira de Lógica   (SBL).   

 Location   
  Porto is a fascinating  and vibrant city that has so much to offer as a holiday or city break destination. The city boasts an extensive history, unique tourist attractions, delicious cuisines and buzzing nightlife. Porto has a delightful historic centre and is famed for its Port wine, but it is also a young and energetic city, with social nightlife, liberal attitudes and a flourishing artisan scene. https://porto-north-portugal.com     
 Format   
  WoLLIC 2025 will be a onsite event.   
 Scope   
  Contributions are invited on all pertinent subjects, with particular interest in cross-disciplinary topics. Typical but not exclusive areas of interest are: foundations of computing, programming and Artificial Intelligence (AI); novel computation models and paradigms; broad notions of proof and belief; proof mining, type theory, effective learnability and explainable AI; formal methods in software and hardware development; logical approach to natural language and reasoning; logics of programs, actions and resources; foundational aspects of information organization, search, flow, sharing, and protection; foundations of mathematics; philosophical logic; philosophy of language.    
 Paper submission   
  Proposed contributions should be in English, and consist of a scholarly exposition accessible to the non-specialist, including motivation, background, and comparison with related works. Articles should be written in the LaTeX format of LNCS by Springer (see author's instructions at http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0). They must not exceed 12 pages, with up to 5 additional pages for references and technical appendices. The paper's main results must not be published or submitted for publication in refereed venues, including journals and other scientific meetings. It is expected that each accepted paper be presented at the meeting by one of its authors either in person or via remote connection. (At least one author is required to pay a full, on-site registration fee before granting that the paper will be published in the proceedings.) Papers must be submitted electronically at the WoLLIC 2025 EasyChair website https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wollic2025   .   
 Proceedings   
  The proceedings of WoLLIC 2025, including both invited and contributed papers, is planned to be published as a volume in Springer's LNCS series. Due to the earlier timeline this year, the proceedings will appear after the workshop. In addition, abstracts will be published in the Conference Report section of the Logic Journal of the IGPL, and selected contributions will be published (after a new round of reviewing) as a special post-conference WoLLIC 2025 issue of a scientific journal (to be confirmed).   
 Invited Speakers    
 (TBA)   

 Student Grants   
  ASL sponsorship of WoLLIC 2025 will permit ASL student members to apply for a modest travel grant (deadline: 90 days before the event starts). See https://aslonline.org/student-travel-awards/   for details.    
 Important Dates    
 Abstracts deadline  17 February 2025    
 Full papers deadline  24 February 2025    
 Author notification  12 May 2025    
 Camera-ready version  26 May 2025    

 Programme Committee    
 Juan Aguilera, TU Wien; Natasha Alechina, Utrecht University; Maria Aloni, University of Amsterdam; Steve Awodey, Carnegie Mellon University; Dana Bartosova, University of Florida; Marta Bilkova, Institute of Computer Science, Czech Academy of Sciences; Katalin Bimbo, University of Alberta; Francesca Zaffora Blando, Carnegie Mellon University; Mikolaj Bojanczyk, University of Warsaw; Francisco Xavier Caicedo Ferrer, Universidad de los Andes; Hans van Ditmarsch, University of Toulouse, CNRS, IRIT; Amy Felty, University of Ottawa; Santiago Figueira, University of Buenos Aires; Pietro Galliani, University of Insubria; Sam van Gool, IRIF, Université Paris Cité; Marie Kerjean, LIPN, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord; Dexter Kozen, Cornell University (chair); Dorel Lucanu, Alexandru Ioan Cuza University; Radu Mardare, Heriot-Watt University; Wim Martens, University of Bayreuth; Jose Meseguer, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign; Anca Muscholl, LaBRI, Université Bordeaux; Alessandra Palmigiano, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam; R. Ramanujam, Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai; Peter Selinger, Dalhousie University; Michael Shulman, University of San Diego; Sonja Smets, ILLC, University of Amsterdam; Andres Villaveces, Universidad Nacional de Colombia   

 Steering Committee   
  Samson Abramsky, Agata Ciabattoni, Anuj Dawar, Helle Hvid Hansen, Juliette Kennedy, Ulrich Kohlenbach, Daniel Leivant, Leonid Libkin, Lawrence Moss, Luke Ong, Valeria de Paiva, Elaine Pimentel, Ruy de Queiroz, Andre Scedrov, Alexandra Silva, Renata Wassermann.    
 Advisory Committee   
  Johan van Benthem, Joe Halpern, Wilfrid Hodges, Angus Macintyre, Hiroakira Ono, Jouko Väänänen.   
 Organising Committee   
  Sandra Alves (Univ of Porto) (co-chair), João Barbosa (Univ of Porto), Sabine Broda (Univ of Porto), Mário Florido (Univ of Porto) (co-chair), Anjolina de Oliveira (UFPE), Ruy de Queiroz (UFPE), Miguel Ramos (Univ of Porto).   
  
  Special Session: Screening of Movies about Mathematicians    
 (TBA)   

 Further information   
  Contact one of the Co-Chairs of the Organising Committee.   
 Web page    
  https://wollic.org/wollic2025/     
 Last modified: Oct 9, 08:36am GMT-3.    
  