    

 Main Menu  
 Home 
  Call For Papers 
  Submission 
  Committees 
  Workshops | AGAI&BI 2025 
  AIEd 2025 
  EDA 2025 
  ECSHA 2025 
  WEd5.0 2025 
  AIM&ABIA 2025 
  WDTAI 2025 
  CEDXREdu 2025 
  WDMCTA 2025 
  ISCST 2025 
  ROMS 2025 
  ESEP 2025 
  DPPMT 2025 
  WBM&NTF 2025 
  DDSAIPAGM 2025 
  Venue 
  Social Program 
  Registration 
  Proceedings 
  Past Editions 
  Contact 

 Important Dates  
 Submission:  Dec. 5, 2024   
  Notification:  Jan. 5, 2025   
  Registration:  Jan. 15, 2025   

 Join Mailing List  
 Name      
   
 Email      

 Please enable the javascript to submit this form    

  Call For Papers  
   
 Scope   
 The WorldCist'25 - 13 rd  World Conference on Information Systems and Technologies, to be held in Florianopolis, at Federal University of Santa Catarina (UFSC), Florianopolis, Santa Catarina, Brazil, 15 - 17 April 2025, is a global forum for researchers and practitioners to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, results, experiences and concerns in the several perspectives of Information Systems and Technologies.  
 We are pleased to invite you to submit your original papers to WorldCist'25. All submissions will be reviewed on the basis of relevance, originality, importance and clarity.  
  
 Themes   
 Submitted papers should be related with one or more of the main themes proposed for the Conference:  
 A) Information and Knowledge Management (IKM);  
 B) Organizational Models and Information Systems (OMIS);  
 C) Software and Systems Modeling (SSM);  
 D) Software Systems, Architectures, Applications and Tools (SSAAT);  
 E) Multimedia Systems and Applications (MSA);  
 F) Computer Networks, Mobility and Pervasive Systems (CNMPS);  
 G) Intelligent and Decision Support Systems (IDSS);  
 H) Big Data Analytics and Applications (BDAA);  
 I) Human-Computer Interaction (HCI);  
 J) Ethics, Computers and Security (ECS)  
 K) Health Informatics (HIS);  
 L) Information Technologies in Education (ITE);  
 M) Technologies for Biomedical Applications (TBA)  
 N) Information Technologies in Radiocommunications (ITR);  
  
 Types of Submissions and Decisions   
 Four types of original papers can be submitted:  
 Full paper  :   Finished or consolidated R&D works, to be included in one of the Conference themes. These papers are assigned a 12-page limit.  
 Short paper:   Ongoing works with relevant preliminary results, open to discussion. These papers are assigned a 8-page limit.  
 Poster paper:   Initial work with relevant ideas, open to discussion. These papers are assigned to a 4-page limit.  
 Company paper:   Companies' papers that show practical experience, R & D, tools, etc., focused on some topics of the conference. These papers are assigned to a 8-page limit.  
 Submitted papers must comply with the format of Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems series (see Instructions for Authors at Springer Website)  , be written in English, must not have been published before, not be under review for any other conference or publication and not include any information leading to the authors’ identification. Therefore, the authors’ names, affiliations and bibliographic references should not be included in the version for evaluation by the Program Committee. This information should only be included in the camera-ready version, saved in Word or Latex format and also in PDF format. These files  must  be accompanied by the Consent to Publish form   filled out,   in a ZIP file, and uploaded at the conference management system.   
     
 All papers will be subjected to a “double-blind review” by at least two members of the Program Committee.  
 Based on Program Committee evaluation, a paper can be rejected or accepted by the Conference Chairs. In the later case, it can be accepted as the type originally submitted or as another type. Thus, full papers can be accepted as short papers or poster papers only. Similarly, short papers can be accepted as poster papers only.  
 Poster papers and Company papers are not published in the Conference Proceedings, being only presented and discussed. The authors of accepted poster papers should build and print a poster to be exhibited during the Conference. This poster must follow an A1 or A2 vertical format. The Conference includes Work Sessions where these posters are presented and orally discussed, with a 7 minute limit per poster.  
 The authors of accepted Full papers will have 15 minutes to present their work in a Conference Work Session; approximately 5 minutes of discussion will follow each presentation. The authors of accepted Short papers and Company papers will have 11 minutes to present their work in a Conference Work Session; approximately 4 minutes of discussion will follow each presentation.  
  
 Publication and Indexing   
 To ensure that a full paper or short paper is published and presented, poster paper or company paper is presented, at least one of the authors must be fully registered by the 15 th  of January 2025, and the paper must comply with the suggested layout and page-limit. Additionally, all recommended changes must be addressed by the authors before they submit the camera-ready version.  
 No more than one paper per registration will be published. An extra fee must be paid for publication of additional papers, with a maximum of one additional paper per registration. One registration permits only the participation of one author in the conference.  
 Full and Short papers will be published in Proceedings by Springer, in several books of of the Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems series  . Poster and company papers will not be published, just presented in the conference.  
 Published Full and Short papers will be submitted for indexation by WoS, SCOPUS, DBLP and Google Scholar, among others, and will be available in the SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 The authors of the best selected papers will be invited to extend them for publication in international journals indexed by WoS/SCI, SCOPUS and DBLP, among others, such as:  
 International Journal of Neural Systems  (IF: 6.6 / Q1)  
 Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering  (IF: 6.5 / Q1)  
 Informatica  (IF: 3.3 / Q1)  
 Journal of Evaluation in Clinical Practice  (IF: 2.1 / Q2)  
 Data Technologies and Applications  (IF: 1.7 / Q2)  
 Computer Methods in Biomechanics and Biomedical Engineering  (IF: 1.7 / Q3)  
 Journal of Computer Languages  (IF: 1.7 / Q3)  
 Computer Science and Information Systems  (IF: 1.2 / Q3)  
 Computer Methods in Biomechanics and Biomedical Engineering - Imaging & Visualization  (IF: 1.3 / Q4)  
 Journal of Engineering Research  (IF: 0.9 / Q4)  
 Journal of Information Science and Engineering  (IF: 0.5 / Q4)  
  
 Important Dates   
 Paper Submission: November 17  December 5, 2024   
 Notification of Acceptance: December 29  January 5, 2025  
    
 Payment of Registration, to ensure the inclusion of an accepted paper in the conference proceedings: January 8  15, 2025.   
 Camera-ready Submission: January 8  15, 2025   
  
 WorldCist is a CORE conference, which has a Google Scholar H5-Index = 25.   
 We are awaiting your paper submission.  

 Florianópolis, Brazil  

 Proceedings  
     
 Published by Springer in a book of the  LNNS series     

 Keynote Speakers  
   
 Gintautas Dzemyda  
 Doctor Honoris Causa of the University of Latvia. Director at Vilnius University Institute of Data Science and Digital Technologies, Lithuania. Editor-in-Chief of Informatica (JCR/Q1).  
   
 Marjan Mernik  
 Full Professor, University of Maribor, Slovenia. Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Computer Languages (JCR/Q3).  

 Sponsors  

 Copyright © 2024 WorldCIST'25 - The 2025 World Conference on Information Systems and Technologies. All Rights Reserved.   
 Joomla!  is Free Software released under the GNU General Public License.    

    