                                                                                            Paper Submission | Call for Papers 
  Author/Submission 
  Commercial Case Studies 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program | Schedule 
  Keynotes 
  Tracks 
  Modeling and Analysis of Semiconductor Manufacturing 
  Ph.D. Colloquium 
  Poster Sessions 
  Data Farming Workshop 
  SimOpt Workshop 
  SIM 101 Workshop 
  Simulation Challenge 2024 
  Register 
  Venue & Travel 
  Exhibit & Sponsor | Exhibit Opportunities 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Current Sponsors 
  Exhibitor List 
  Info/Archive | Media Kit 
  Board of Directors 
  Sponsoring Organizations 
  Bylaws 
  History 
  Past Conferences 
  Future Conferences 
  WSC Program Archive 
  Computer Simulation Archive 
  WSC Foundation 

 Winter Simulation Conference 2024    

  Call for Papers  
 Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Linkedin    
  
 Simulation for the Imagination Age:  
  Unlocking the Value of Imagination with Simulation   
 Winter Simulation Conference 2024 highlights the value of simulation for imagination work, that is, the work of system designers, creators, and innovators. The advent of modern simulation models and Digital Twins, powered by AI/ML, the Internet of Things, and advances in statistics and optimization, can provide unprecedented analytical insights for designing, planning, and operating complex systems. These sophisticated modeling and analysis tools promise to shift the economic value of human capital from analysis and rationality to creativity and imagination.  
 We invite papers that emphasize the latest advances in simulation theory and applications showcasing the power of simulation for imagination and creativity. We particularly encourage applications of simulation to imagine and create new and improved systems in a wide range of domains, including but not limited to aviation, disaster response, education, energy, finance, healthcare, infrastructure, manufacturing, national security, space systems, and supply chains.  
 Winter Simulation Conference 2024 will continue the tradition of including pre-conference workshops, introductory and advanced tutorials, commercial case studies, poster sessions, and the Ph.D. Colloquium. WSC 2024 will include an online only participation option through the Simulation around the World track, which brings together remotely delivered presentations from all parts of the globe. The conference will also host the 20th International Conference on Modeling & Analysis of Semiconductor Manufacturing (MASM). WSC 2024 will showcase professional development opportunities and a Simulation Challenge for teams to compete on an industrial case study.  

 2024 Keynote  
 Simulation for Disney Parks and Experiences   
 Brian Walters, | Senior Manager, Modeling, Simulation, and Training Tools, Disney Experiences 
  Amy Sardeshmukh | , Director, Yield Optimization, Disney Experiences 
  Frederick Zahrn | , Director, Decision Science Transformation, The Walt Disney Company 

 2024 Titans of Simulation  
 Sally Brailsford  
   University of Southampton  
 Shane G. Henderson  
   Cornell University  

 Program  
 WSC 2024 will feature a comprehensive program ranging from introductory tutorials to state-of-the-art research and practice. The planned tracks are as follows:  

 Education and Outreach  
 Pre-Conference Workshops 
  Professional Development 
  Simulation Challenge 
  Simulation in Education 
  Tutorials (Introductory/Advanced) 
  Vendor Workshops 

 Methodology  
 Agent-Based Simulation 
  Analysis Methodology 
  Hybrid Simulation 
  Modeling Methodology 
  Model Uncertainty & Robust Simulation 
  Simulation Optimization 

 Applications  
 Aviation Modeling & Analysis 
  Complex & Resilient Systems 
  Data Science for Simulation 
  Environment, Sustainability & Resilience 
  Healthcare & Life Sciences 
  Logistics, Supply Chain & Transportation 
  Manufacturing & Industry 4.0 
  Military & National Security 
  Modeling & Analysis of Semiconductor Manufacturing 
  Project Management & Construction 
  Reliability Modeling and Simulation 
  Scientific Applications 
  Simulation & Artificial Intelligence 
  Simulation Around the World (Hybrid) 
  Simulation in Digital Twin 

 Abstracts  
 Commercial Case Studies 
  Ph.D. Colloquium 
  Posters 

 Paper and Abstract Deadlines and Requirements  
 All submissions will be peer reviewed. Accepted full papers will be published in the digital version of the conference proceedings archived in IEEE and ACM repositories. All papers must be presented at the conference for the paper to be fully published, copyrighted, and disseminated. Instructions, information, submission forms and procedures are available on the WSC website.  
 Each accepted paper must have a separate, paid registration. Only under highly unusual circumstances, and at the discretion of the conference leadership, will an author be allowed to present more than one paper on a single registration. Authors wishing to do so must contact the Program Chair by September 1, clearly describing which papers the authors wish to present under the single registration, and why an exception to the conference policy is warranted. Unless permission is granted, an author planning to present two papers will be required to pay for two registrations.  
 Full Paper Deadlines  
 Authors may electronically submit papers not previously published or presented. Each submission must use the Word or LaTeX template on the Authors Kit. The page size in the proceedings is 8.5 by 11 inches (21.6 cm by 27.9 cm). Papers should be at most 12 pages, including an abstract of not more than 150 words, except for introductory tutorials, advanced tutorials, and panel sessions, for which the limit is 15 pages. Submission implies that an author will attend 2024 WSC and present the paper, and all clearance required for publication of the paper will be obtained by July 15, 2024  . Submissions must be made through the WSC website.  
 April 12, 2024 (extended from April 5): | Submissions due for Contributed Papers using the 2024 Author Kit available | here 
  May 3, 2024 (extended from April 26): | Submissions due for Invited Papers using the 2024 Author Kit available | here 
  June 3, 2024: | Notification of acceptance 
  June 28, 2024: | Authors electronically submit fully corrected (camera-ready) papers for review by the Proceedings Editors 
  Extended Abstract Submission for Commercial Case Studies and Poster Session  
 Extended abstract submissions are welcome for the Commercial Case Studies Track and the Poster Session.  
 The Commercial Case Studies track highlights simulation analysis for an applied problem or where simulation is the backbone of a commercial application. In a shift from recent years, in 2024, case studies will be assigned to a stand-alone track.  
 The Poster Session offers a timely venue to present new simulation research through a forum encouraging active presentation and engagement among participants. Poster abstracts are appropriate for those who do not have the time to submit a full paper or make an early commitment to participate at the Winter Simulation Conference.  
 Extended abstracts will appear in the INFORMS Simulation Society archives of the WSC Conference ( https://informs-sim.org/   ), but not in the ACM and IEEE digital proceedings.  
 May 6, 2024 | : Submissions open for extended abstracts 
  August 12, 2024 (extended from August 2) | : Electronically submit 2-page extended abstracts using the 2024 Authors Kit available | here 
  September 2, 2024 | : Notification of acceptance to authors (including details about submitting slides, and formats of the posters 
  September 13, 2024 | : Final extended abstracts due 
  PhD Colloquium  
 September 6, 2024 (extended from August 30, 2024): | Electronically submit 2-page extended abstracts using the 2024 Authors Kit available | here 
  September 23, 2024: | Notification of acceptance 
  October 4, 2024 (extended from September 27): | Final submission due 
  November 30, 2024: | Upload slides for the Ph.D. Colloquium presentation in PDF format. The presentations should be 7-minute pitches followed by a 1-minute Q&A. You do not need to submit the poster, just bring poster to the conference. 
  Vendor Track*  
 October 21, 2024: | Electronically submit 2-page extended abstracts using the 2024 Authors Kit available | here 
  October 28, 2024: | Notification of acceptance 
  November 4, 2024: | Final submission due 
  *Vendor Track submissions are only open to registered, paying exhibitors. For more information on exhibiting, click here  .  

 2024 WSC is sponsored by ACM/SIGSIM, ASA (Technical Co-Sponsor), ASIM (Technical Co-Sponsor), IEEE/SMC (Technical Co-Sponsor), IISE, INFORMS-SIM, NIST (Technical Co-Sponsor), SCS, and ORS (UK, Technical Sponsor).  

 Back to Top   

 © Winter Simulation Conference 2024  2024   
 Powered by WordPress  • Themify WordPress Themes    

  