Skip to content   
 IWOCA 2023   
 IWOCA 2023   
     IWOCA 2023 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
 Biography  : Kazuo Iwama is Visiting Chair Professor of National Ting Hua University. Before he joined NTHU, he had been with RIMS, Kyoto University, School of Information Science, Kyoto University, Kyushu University, Charles University, UC Berkeley, and so on. He is a member of Academia Europae, the founder of Asian Association for Algorithms and Computation (AAAC), and Honorary Doctor, University of Latvia. He served as the Editor-in-Chief of Bulletin, European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS) for more than eight years. He organized SODA and ICALP, two topmost conferences in the field of algorithms and computation, both of which were first held in Asia. His main research interests include design and analysis of algorithms, computational complexity theory and quantum computation.  
 Peter Rossmanith  
 Title  : Online Algorithms with Advice  
 Abstract:  Online algorithms have to make decisions without knowing the full input. A well-know example is caching: Which page should we discard from a cache when there is no more space left? The classical way to analyze the performance of online algorithms is the competitive ratio: How much worse is the result of an optimization problem relative to the optimal result. A different and relative new viewpoint is the advice complexity: How much information about the future does an online algorithm need in order to become optimal? Or, similarly, how much can we improve the competitive ratio with a given amount of information about the future? In this talk we will look at the growing list of known results about online algorithms with advice and the interesting problems that occured when the pioneers of the field came up with the definition of this model.  
 Biography:  Peter Rossmanith is a professor of Theoretical Computer Science at RWTH Aachen University in Germany. He is mainly interested in Efficient Algorithms, but also likes to look at all other aspects in Computer Science and Mathematics including Computer Science Education. He is the author of more than one hundred scientific publications, has been on the program committee of numerous conference, and is associate editor of Computer Science Review. He is a board member of the German Computer Science Faculty Association and chairman of the committee that designs the tasks for the Federal Computer Science Competition in Germany.  
 Weili Wu  
 © 2024 IWOCA 2023  | Designed by: Theme Freesia  | Powered by: WordPress