 Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India      
 4th to 8th December 2023     
 View Schedule           
 All interested are welcome to participate and are required to register.     
 Deadline for submission of extended abstracts for poster presentation is now over. Final list of selected posters and schedule of presentation appears below.     
 Schedule of Poster Presentations           
  * Explore the presentation PDFs by clicking on selected presentation titles.        
 4 Dec    
 5 Dec    
 6 Dec    
 7 Dec    
 8 Dec    
 We expect to accommodate all the speakers and participants at the IIT Hyderabad Guest House, subject to availability of rooms.       
 ​        
 An accommodation at the guest house comes with a complimentary breakfast. The other meals, namely, lunch, dinner and coffee breaks, will be organized at the venue of the conference or at the guest house.       
 Special Issue on Recent Advances in Algebraic Geometry,  
 The Journal of Algebra and its Applications    will publish a Special Issue    , which will be dedicated to Professor Sudhir Ghorpade on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday.    
 Submission Deadline:    April 15, 2024     
 ​     
 Guest Editors:    
 Joachim Rosenthal, University of Zurich, rosenthal@math.uzh.ch       
 Submission Guideline:    
 Authors should use the web submission system of JAA    . Please select this special issue, and choose one of the guest editors as handling editor.    
 All the manuscripts submitted for Professor Ghorpade’s Special Issue will be peer reviewed and accepted only if they meet the JAA’s standards. If some accepted papers cannot fit in the special issue or are outside the scope, the article(s) will be forwarded to the JAA for consideration in a regular issue. The published paper will contain a note dedicated to Professor Ghorpade.    
 This conference is partially sponsored by  ​      
 ©2023 by International Conference on Algebraic Geometry, Coding Theory and Combinatorics.      
 bottom of page