 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  The Sixteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
 The Sixteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions  
   Venice, Italy  
   Conference Dates: Apr 24, 2023 - Apr 28, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 The Sixteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interaction, ACHI 2023, was proposed as a result of a paradigm shift in the most recent achievements and future trends in human interactions with increasingly complex systems. Adaptive and knowledge-based user interfaces, universal accessibility, human-robot interaction, agent-driven human computer interaction, and sharable mobile devices are a few of these trends. ACHI 2023 also brings a suite of specific domain applications, such as gaming, e-learning, social, medicine, teleconferencing and engineering.  
  ACHI 2023 continues a series of events targeting traditional and advanced paradigms for computer-human interaction in multi-technology environments. The conference covers also fundamentals on interfaces and models, and highlights new challenging industrial applications and research topics.  
  We solicit both academic, research, and industrial contributions. We welcome technical papers presenting research and practical results, position papers addressing the pros and cons of specific proposals, such as those being discussed in the standard fora or in industry consortia, survey papers addressing the key problems and solutions on any of the above topics short papers on work in progress, and panel proposals.  
  Tutorials on specific related topics and panels on challenging areas are encouraged.  
  The topics suggested by the conference can be discussed in term of concepts, state of the art, research, standards, implementations, running experiments, applications, and industrial case studies. Authors are invited to submit complete unpublished papers, which are not under review in any other conference or journal in the following, but not limited to, topic areas.   
 Overview  
 Top Research Topics at Advances in Computer-Human Interaction?  
  Artificial intelligence (13.31%) 
  Human–computer interaction, Artificial intelligence, Multimedia, Usability and Simulation are among the topics commonly tackled in Advances in Computer-Human Interaction. Topics in Human–computer interaction explored in the conference were investigated in conjunction with research in Context (language use), User interface, Task (project management) and Robot. Human–robot interaction is a focus of the presented Robot works and it dives deep in Human–robot interaction.  
 The concepts on Artificial intelligence presented in it can also apply to other research fields, including Computer vision and Natural language processing. The conference focused on Multimedia research but expanded to cover World Wide Web. In particular, the Usability works presented emphasize discussions on Usability engineering.  
 The event emphasizes research on Simulation, which includes concerns such as Haptic technology.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Advances in Computer-Human Interaction:  
 The conference publications cover a variety of subjects, including Human–computer interaction, Artificial intelligence, Robot, Multimedia and Knowledge management. The conference articles aim to investigate interdisciplinary topics such as Human–computer interaction and User group. Task (project management) and Computer vision are some topics wherein Artificial intelligence research discussed in the most cited publications has an impact.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Artificial intelligence 
  The Internet 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 Advances in Computer-Human Interaction primarily focuses on research topics in Human–computer interaction, Artificial intelligence, Robot, Usability and Multimedia. Human–computer interaction research in the conference involves the investigation of Context (language use) studies, all of which are linked to disciplines such as Gesture. The Artificial intelligence research presented in it explores the relationship between Computer vision and the closely related topic of Haptic technology.  
 Most of the works presented in the conference deals with Robot but it intersects with the subject of Simulation. The Usability research presented in Advances in Computer-Human Interaction explores the relationship between Software engineering and the closely related topic of Software development process and Software. The studies tackled, which mainly focus on Human–robot interaction, apply to Humanoid robot as well.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  Kerstin Dautenhahn | (6 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Ji-Young Kwahk | (5 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
 Only papers with recognized affiliations are considered   
 The top affiliations publishing at Advances in Computer-Human Interaction (based on the number of publications) are:  
 University of Oslo | (24 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology | (11 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Pohang University of Science and Technology | (9 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  University of Hertfordshire | (8 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Iowa State University | (6 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
   Previous Editions  
 The Sixteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions   
 Apr 24, 2023 - Apr 28, 2023  
 Venice, Italy  
  Best Online Associate in Marketing Programs in 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 The Sixteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
