top of page    
 ACISP 2024   
 Home 
 The 29th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy   
 July 15-17, 2024  
  Sydney, Australia    
 Important Date    
  1st Round Paper Submission Deadline: 6 Nov 2023  
  Notification of Acceptance: 22 January 2024      
 ​   
  2nd Round Paper Submission Deadline: 19 Feb 2024       
 Notification of Acceptance: 08 April 2024      
 Notification of Acceptance: 14 April 2024       
 ​        
 Camera-ready Copy: 29 April 2024       
 Conference: 15 - 17 July 2024       
 ​        
 Registration Open: 18 April 2024       
 Author registration deadline: 28 May 2024       
 Call for Papers   
 The 29th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP 2024) will be held in University of Technology Sydney. The conference seeks original papers presenting novel research results in all aspects of information security and privacy. We welcome papers presenting theories, techniques, implementations, applications and practical experiences on a variety of topics. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:    
 ​     
 Cryptology, AI Security, Trustworthy AI, Authentication, Access Control, Key management, Security protocols, Privacy enhancing technologies, Privacy attacks and defenses, Blockchain technology, Cryptocurrency, Cloud security, IoT security, Software security, Database security, System security, Network security, Security policy, Digital forensics, Lightweight security, Cyber-physical systems security, Security implementation, etc.     
 This year, we also solicit systematization of knowledge (SoK) papers that evaluate, systematize and contextualize existing knowledge for topics of broad interest to the cybersecurity community. Examples of SoK papers include papers that provide an important new viewpoint on an established, major research area, support or challenge long-held beliefs in such an area with compelling evidence, or provide an extensive and realistic evaluation and comparison of competing approaches to solving specific security problems.    
 SoK papers must include the prefix “SoK:” in the title of the paper and will be reviewed by the full PC. They will be accepted based on their treatment of existing work and value to the community.    
 Instructions for Authors   
 ACISP 2024 will have two rounds of submission. Round one will be on 6 Nov 2023. Round two will be on 19 February 2024. The first round will have the results including reject, major revision, and accept. For the major revision, we encourage authors to submit the updated manuscripts to round two. Round two only includes accept and reject.    
  All the submissions must be original, unpublished, and not submitted to another conference or journal for consideration of publication. Submissions must be fully anonymous with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgements, or obvious references. Submissions must be written in English and have at most 20 pages including bibliography using Springer's LNCS package with no changes to the style. Papers should be sufficiently intelligible and self-contained without appendices so that PC members can make decisions without reading appendices. Submissions not meeting the submission guidelines risk rejection regardless of their merits.    
