  Information Security 
 Book  PDF Available  Information Security and Privacy: 28th Australasian Conference, ACISP 2023, Brisbane, QLD, Australia, July 5–7, 2023, Proceedings  
 June 2023 
  Lecture Notes in Computer Science 
 Content uploaded by Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee    
 Author content    
 All content in this area was uploaded by Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee on Jan 12, 2024   
 Content may be subject to copyright.   
 Information  Security   
 and  Priv  acy   
 28th  Australasian  Conference,  ACISP  2023   
 Brisbane,  QLD,  Australia,  July  5–7,  2023   
 Proceedings   
 ©  The  Editor(s)  (if  applicable)  and  The  Author(s),  under  exclusive  license   
 to  Springer  Nature  Switzerland  AG  2023   
 This  work  is  subject  to  copyright.  All  rights  are  reserved  by  the  Publisher,  whether  the  whole  or  part  of   
 the  material  is  concerned,  speciﬁcally  the  rights  of  translation,  reprinting,  reuse  of  illustrations,  recitation,   
 Preface   
 on  Information  Security  and  Privacy  (A  CISP  2023).  The  conference  was  held  on  5–7   
 July  2023,  in  Brisbane,  Australia  and  hosted  by  Queensland  University  of  T  echnology,   
 who  provided  excellent  facilities  and  support.   
 nizations  for  presentation  of  current  developments  and  challenges  in  the  domain  of   
 information  security  and  privacy  .  After  several  years  of  virtual  and  hybrid  conferences   
 due  to  the  COVID  pandemic  restrictions,  2023  marked  a  return  to  a  physical  confer-   
 ence,  with  opportunities  to  network  and  socialize  in  addition  to  the  formal  program  of   
 presentations.   
 For  ACISP  2023,  we  made  use  of  the  EasyChair  submission  and  re  viewing  software.   
 following  a  double-blind  reviewing  process.  Each  submission  recei  ved  at  least  three   
 reviews,  and  the  revie  wer  feedback  was  provided  to  all  submitting  authors.  We  thank   
 all  authors  of  submitted  papers  -  the  high  quality  of  the  submissions  made  the  task  of   
 selecting  a  program  difﬁcult.   
 our  thanks  to  Springer  for  their  continued  support  of  ACISP  ,  and  for  their  help  with  the   
 conference  proceedings  production.   
 W  e  are  grateful  for  the  efforts  of  the  Program  Committee  members  and  external   
 reviewers,  who  applied  their  knowledge  and  e  xpertise  in  reviewing  submissions,  par-   
 ticipating  in  discussions  to  determine  which  papers  would  be  selected  and  providing   
 feedback  to  the  authors.  Our  deepest  thanks  for  your  efforts.  The  ACISP-2023  Pro-   
 gram  Committee  represents  both  geographic  and  gender  diversity:  members  were  from   
 committees  will  continue  to  progress  towards  gender  equality  .   
 In  addition  to  the  selected  research  papers,  the  ACISP-2023  program  included  four   
 invited  talks  on  aspects  of  information  security  and  priv  acy  practice  and  research.  QUT’s   
 Vice  President  (Administration)  and  Registrar  ,  Leanne  Harvey,  spoke  on  the  December   
 vi  Preface   
 QUT  staff  member,Ed  Dawson.  Ed  had  a  long  involvement  with  ACISP  ,  and  was  in  volved   
 in  the  planning  for  ACISP  2023.  Sadly  ,  he  passed  away  earlier  this  year.  He  will  be  greatly   
 missed.   
 July  2023  Leonie  Simpson   
 Mir  Ali  Rezazadeh  Baee   
 N  e  t  w  o  r  k  .............................................................  6  3  0   
 Zulu  Okonkwo,  Ernest  F  oo,  Zhe  Hou,  Qinyi  Li,  and  Zahra  Jadidi   
 Author  Index  .........................................................  6  5  1    
 Citations (0)  
 The Security of “2FLIP” Authentication Scheme for VANETs: Attacks and Rectifications   
 October 2022  · IEEE Open Journal of Vehicular Technology    
 Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee 
  Leonie Simpson 
  Ernest Foo 
  Josef Pieprzyk 
  Wireless broadcast transmission enables Inter-vehicle or Vehicle-to-Vehicle (V2V) communication among nearby vehicles and with nearby fixed equipment, referred to as Road Side Units (RSUs). The vehicles and RSUs within transmission range establish a self-organizing network called Vehicular Ad-hoc Network (VANET). The V2V communication in VANETs is vulnerable to cyber attacks involving message ... [Show full abstract]  manipulation. Thus, mechanisms should be applied to ensure both the authenticity and integrity of the data broadcast. However, due to privacy concerns, it is important to avoid the use of identifiers that may aid tracking and surveillance of drivers. This is a serious constraint on authentication mechanisms. Recently, Wang et al. [1] proposed A Two-Factor Lightweight Privacy Preserving Authentication Scheme for VANET named 2FLIP. They claim that their scheme includes a secure system-key update protocol to restore the whole system when necessary and further that this resists an adversary obtaining any information about the updated system-key. In this paper, we show that this is incorrect: 2FLIP does not provide perfect forward secrecy. This results in a known-key attack, as well as message forgery attack by an external adversary who may be an unregistered vehicle user. This external adversary can generate valid anonymous messages and further, they cannot be traced. The 2FLIP scheme is efficient, so we propose a modification to improve the security. We provide a formal security proof to show that our proposal is indeed provably secure. We demonstrate the efficiency of our proposal by conducting extensive performance analysis. We believe the enhanced system-key update protocol will be useful for application by researchers and designers in current and future VANET authentication schemes.    
 View full-text    
 A Framework for Migrating to Post-Quantum Cryptography: Security Dependency Analysis and Case Studie...   
 January 2024  · IEEE Access    
 Leonie Simpson 
  Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee 
  [...] 
  Matthew Mckague 
  Quantum computing is emerging as a significant threat to information protected by widely used cryptographic systems. Cryptographic methods, once deemed secure for decades, are now at risk of being compromised, posing a massive threat to the security of sensitive data and communications across enterprises worldwide. As a result, there is an urgent need to migrate to quantum-resistant cryptographic ... [Show full abstract]  systems. This is no simple task. Migrating to a quantum-safe state is a complex process, and many organisations lack the in-house expertise to navigate this transition without guidance. In this paper, we present a comprehensive framework designed to assist enterprises with this migration. Our framework outlines essential steps involved in the cryptographic migration process, and leverages existing organisational inventories. The framework facilitates the efficient identification of cryptographic assets and can be integrated with other enterprise frameworks smoothly. To underscore its practicality and effectiveness, we have incorporated case studies that utilise graph-theoretic techniques to pinpoint and assess cryptographic dependencies. This is useful in prioritising crypto-systems for replacement.    
 View full-text    
  [...] 
  Xavier Boyen 
  In intelligent vehicular networks, vehicles have enhanced sensing capabilities, and carry computing and communication platforms to enable new versatile systems known as Vehicular Communication (VC) systems. Vehicles communicate with other vehicles and with nearby fixed equipment to support different applications, including those which increase driver awareness of the surroundings. This should ... [Show full abstract]  result in improved safety and may optimize traffic. However, VC systems are vulnerable to cyber attacks involving message manipulation. Research aimed at tackling this problem has resulted in the proposal of multiple authentication protocols. Several existing survey papers have attempted to classify some of these protocols based on a limited set of characteristics. However, to date there is no generic framework to support the comparison of these protocols and provide guidance for design and evaluation. Most existing classifications either use computation complexity of cryptographic techniques as a criterion, or they fail to make connections between different important aspects of authentication. This paper provides such a framework; proposing a new taxonomy to enable a consistent means of classifying authentication schemes based upon seven main criteria. The main contribution of this study is a framework to enable protocol designers and investigators to adequately compare and select authentication schemes when deciding on particular protocols to implement in an application. Our framework can be applied in design, making choices appropriate for the intended context in both intra-vehicle and inter-vehicle communications. We demonstrate the application of our framework using two different types of case study: individual analysis and hypothetical design. Additionally, this work makes several related contributions. We present the network model, outline the applications, list the communication patterns and the underlying standards, and discuss the necessity of using cryptography and key-management in VC systems. We also review the threats, authentication, and privacy requirements in vehicular networks.    
 View full-text    
 Pervasive User Data Collection from Cyberspace: Privacy Concerns and Countermeasures   
 January 2024  · Cryptography    
 Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee 
  Leonie Simpson 
  Josef Pieprzyk 
  The increasing use of technologies, particularly computing and communication paradigms, has significantly influenced our daily lives. Interconnecting devices and networks provides convenient platforms for information exchange and facilitates pervasive user data collection. This new environment presents serious privacy challenges. User activities can be continuously monitored in both digital and ... [Show full abstract]  physical realms. Gathered data can be aggregated and analysed, revealing aspects of user behaviour that may not be apparent from a single data point. The very items that facilitate connectivity simultaneously increase the risk of privacy breaches. The data gathered to provide services can also be used for monitoring and surveillance. This paper discerns three novel categories of privacy concerns relating to pervasive user data collection: privacy and user activity in cyberspace, privacy in personal cyber–physical systems, and privacy in proactive user-driven data collection. We emphasise the primary challenges, ranging from identity tracking in browsing histories to intricate issues in opportunistic networks, situating each within practical, real-world scenarios. Furthermore, we assess the effectiveness of current countermeasures, investigating their strengths and limitations. This paper explores the challenges in preserving privacy in user interactions with dynamic interconnected systems and suggests countermeasures to mitigate identified privacy risks.    
 View full-text    
 Last Updated: 21 Nov 2024    
 Interested in research on Information Security?   
