Acivs 2023  
 August 21-22, 2023  
 Kumamoto, Japan |  
 Advanced Concepts for Intelligent Vision Systems 
 Acivs 2023 is a conference focusing on techniques for building adaptive, intelligent, safe and secure imaging systems. Acivs 2023 consists of two days of lecture sessions, both regular (25 minutes) and invited presentations, and poster sessions.  
  Conference topics  
 Papers must show original and high-quality work, from basic research to pre-industrial application. Both classical research papers and application papers are welcome. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: Sensing, Representation, Modeling, and Registration 
  Biometrics, Forensics, and Security 
  Image & Video Quality Models 
   Proceedings, journal special issue and student paper award  
 As for previous years and thanks to sponsorship by Springer, Acivs 2023 will feature a 1,000 € Best Student Paper Award.  
  Tutorials Call  
 Tutorials at Acivs 2023 will be 2hr 20min, everyday. Proposals for tutorials must be submitted to the Steering Committee. Acivs 2023 will also feature several social activities (included in the registration fee), including an opening reception, a conference dinner and a cultural activity.  
  Paper submission and review process  
 Prospective authors should prepare a full paper and submit it electronically. The paper should consist of 8-12 pages in A4 format and should conform to the style guidelines  outlined on the Acivs 2023 website.  
 Detailed author guidelines are provided below. To upload your paper, first create an author account  . Then follow the intructions. If after submission you would like to change some details, or upload a new version before the deadline, then visit the list of papers  you have submitted.  
 Submitted papers should include all author names. The anonymous reviewers will therefore know who the authors are ("single blind" system).  
  All submissions will be reviewed by at least 2 members of the Program Committee; additional reviewers will be consulted if needed. The papers should provide sufficient background information and should clearly indicate the original contribution. They should state and discuss the main results and provide adequate references. Paper submission implies that one of the authors will present the paper if it is accepted. Duplicate submissions to other conferences, or modified copies of earlier papers are not acceptable.   
 Submission implies the authors have obtained all IP clearance from their employers, eg. the submitted material contains nothing that is commercial-in-confidence.  
  Important deadlines  
 May 15, 2023 | Full paper submission 
 June 1, 2023 | Notification of acceptance 
 June 30, 2023 | Camera-ready papers due 
 July 7, 2023 | Registration deadline for authors of accepted papers 
 July 7, 2023 | Early registration deadline 
 August 21-22, 2023 | Acivs 2023 
  Organising Committee  
 The data on this page is © Acivs 2023  . All rights reserved.  
 The server hosting this website is owned by the department of Telecommunications and Information Processing (TELIN) of Ghent University.  
 Problems with the website should be reported to Wilfried Philips  .  
