   Home | About 
  Authors Info | Author’s Advocate 
  Dates 
  Call for Technical Demos and Videos Program 
  Call for Panel Proposals 
  Workshops 
  Submission Instructions 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
 Latest News  
      Nov. 1, 2023    
 Interested in the keynote of Xavier Alameda-Pineda  on Variational Audio-Visual Representation Learning?  
      Nov. 1, 2023    
 Best Paper Award  Presented to: Kexin Li, Zongxin Yang, Lei Chen, Yi Yang, Jun Xiao  
 for the paper titled:  
 CATR: Combinatorial-Dependence Audio-Queried Transformer for Audio-Visual Video Segmentation  
 Honorable Mention Award  Presented to: Yue Feng, Zhengye Zhang, Rong Quan, Limin Wang, Jie Qin  
 for the paper titled:  
 RefineTAD: Learning Proposal-free Refinement for Temporal Action Detection  
 Best Student Paper Award  Presented to: Zixin Wang, Yadan Luo, Zhi Chen, Sen Wang, Zi Huang  
 for the paper titled:  
 Cal-SFDA: Source-Free Domain-adaptive Semantic Segmentation with Differentiable Expected Calibration Error  
 Brave New Idea Award  Presented to: Zijie Ye, Jia Jia, Junliang Xing  
 for the paper titled:  
 Semantics2Hands: Transferring Hand Motion Semantics between Avatars  
 Open-Source Award  Presented to: Aaron Keesing, Yun Sing Koh, Vithya Yogarajan, Michael Witbrock  
 for the paper titled:  
 Emotion Recognition ToolKit (ERTK): Standardising Tools For Emotion Recognition Research  
 Best Demo Award  Presented to: Djamahl Etchegaray, Yadan Luo, Zachary FitzChance, Anthony Southon, Jinjiang Zhong  
 for the paper titled:  
 Open-RoadAtlas: Leveraging VLMs for Road Condition Survey with Real-Time Mobile Auditing  
      Oct. 31, 2023    
 MRAC’23: Track 1:  Affective Computing in Multimedia recording is available under:  
 Password: .1JuX%#=  
      Oct. 17, 2023    
 we would like to thank all Area Chairs  and Technical Program Committee members  for their wonderful work.   
      Oct. 16, 2023    
 We have provided some information for participants who wish to print their posters  . Please be aware that this service is not provided by ACMMM 2023 but is offered by an external service. You are welcome to use it if you prefer, but please note that ACMMM 2023 organizers do not assume any responsibility for it.   
      Oct. 12, 2023    
      Oct. 10, 2023    
 Listing paper numbers and titles  to be presented on Monday, October 30, 2023   
 Listing paper numbers and titles  to be presented on Tuesday Oct. 31 2023   
 Listing paper numbers and titles  to be presented on Wednesday Nov. 1 2023   
 We’d like to inform you that your paper will be presented in a 2-minute teaser session for those attending in person. For those who may not be able to make it in person, we will also have 2-minute teaser sessions in separate offline sessions to ensure your research receives the attention it deserves. ( Please check the news item from OCT. 9 below )   
      Oct. 9, 2023    
 Some of our participants are unfortunately facing visa challenges  that might prevent them from joining us in person at the conference. We understand the immense effort and dedication it takes to contribute to ACM Multimedia 2023, and we want to reassure everyone that even if you cannot attend in person due to unforeseen circumstances, your paper will still be featured in the conference proceedings. Our team is dedicated to ensuring a fulfilling and enriching experience for all participants, whether they attend in person or online. We will do our utmost to accommodate any challenges and ensure a satisfactory conference experience for all.  
 In addition, we’d like to inform you that your paper will be presented in a 2-minute teaser session for those attending in person. For those who may not be able to make it in person, we will also have 2-minute teaser sessions in separate offline sessions to ensure your research receives the attention it deserves.   
 We hope to see as many of you as possible, and we thank you for your understanding.  
      Oct. 4, 2023    
 Make sure to book your hotel stay at the Westin Hotel,  Ottawa conference hotel. The hotel  is at the center of the conference activity, and will allow you to network easily with other conference attendees. Also, it’s a quick trip to get to the program and functions, and just as quick to nip back to your room for a break. Staying at the conference hotel will provide a better conference experience!  
 Everyone enjoys meeting in a comfortable conference venue, offering quality service and support for workshops, tutorials, plenary sessions, and other activities. As the transaction for those services and support, the conference guarantees that a percentage of attendees will stay in the hotel. The contract with the hotel then guarantees a specific number of sleeping rooms will be used each night during the conference. If the conference does not meet the contracted sleeping room commitment, the hotel gets paid anyway. Those unfilled rooms will cost the conference thousands of dollars.  
 Please support ACMMM 2023 and SIGMM by staying at the Westin Hotel!  
      Oct. 4, 2023    
 The updated cut-off date is Oct. 13, 2023  at the Westin Hotel,  Ottawa conference hotel. The hotel  is at the center of the conference activity, and will allow you to network easily with other conference attendees. Also, it’s a quick trip to get to the program and functions, and just as quick to nip back to your room for a break. Staying at the conference hotel will provide a better conference experience!  
      August 10, 2023    
 Registration policy:  
 The author registration deadline is August 20, 2023  . All authors, from all tracks of the conference (including workshops), must have registered by this deadline. Papers must be covered by an author registration to be included in the conference proceedings (ACM Digital Library).  
 Each paper at the conference must be covered by at least one author registration according to the following rules:  
 One | Full registration (non-student) | covers | only | : one Full | or | one BNI | or | one Grand Challenge ; 
  One | Full registration (non-student) | covers two of the following papers: Demo, Doctoral Symposium, Open-source paper | or | Workshop paper; 
  One | Student registration | covers: one Demo | or | one Doctoral Symposium | or | one Open-source paper | or | Workshop Paper; 
  One | 1-day-workshop | registration (student or full) covers one Workshop paper; 
  Note: Each paper requires a registration  .   
      August 8, 2023    
 Just to clarify: ACM MM 2023 will be in-person event. Please register  and book your hotel  at the conference preferred rate to guarantee it.  
      August 6, 2023    
 All authors are kindly requested to complete their paper registration  by August 20 to ensure inclusion in the proceedings. Take advantage of the early registration  deadline for this purpose.  
      August 2, 2023:    
      August 1, 2023:    
 4 Tutorials  have been accepted at ACM MM 2023 and will be given on Oct. 29, 2023:  
 Revisiting Learning Paradigms for Multimedia Data Generation 
  Efficient Multimedia Computing: Unleashing the Power of AutoML on Multimedia Data 
  Diffusion Models in Generative AI 
      July 25, 2023:    
      July 1, 2023    
 Reviews Available: We now eagerly look forward to the authors’ rebuttals and the ensuing discussions. Thank you once again for your valuable contributions to the conference.  
 latest Update   
   le.prof  @aelsaddik  ·  16 Oct    
 Check out my latest article: Bionic Twins: The Next Frontier in Human-Technology Integration via @LinkedIn  
   le.prof  @aelsaddik  ·  29 Aug    
 A bionic twin merges biological and artificial elements to augment human capabilities.  
   le.prof  @aelsaddik  ·  9 Jun    
 Check out my latest article: Embracing the Future: The Dawn of Education 5.0 via @LinkedIn  
   Retweet on Twitter   le.prof Retweeted    
   Tony Moroney  @betamoroney  ·  29 Dec    
 Program   
 10_25_ACM-MM-2023-Program   
  0  +    
 JOIN THE EVENT  
 Why attend ACM MM 2023  
 Great Researchers  
 ACMMM provides an opportunity to talk to researchers one-on-one about what they are working on, and they may even give you advice on how to enhance your own work! 
  Networking  
 ACM MM Conference is a great place to meet with likeminded people and industry peers! 
 A solid reputation is unquestionably helpful to everyone’s career. And interaction with ACM MM peers helps everyone builds a reputation! 
  Have Fun  
 ACMMM provides life experience in the nation capital city (Ottawa). The social atmosphere also extends beyond business networking! 
 WHO HELPS US  
 Accepted Papers  Accomodation    
 Copyright ©2023 ACM MM 2023