  Contact 
 IFIP AIAI Community  
 Artificial Intelligence Applications and Innovations (AIAI conference) started from Toulouse France.   
 Today, its society comprises of hundreds AI experts-enthusiasts, academicians and researchers from all over the globe (Europe, Asia, America and Australia). They are interacting by presenting their scientific achievements or by discussing numerous aspects of AI advances, under the 4th industrial revolution.  
  The AIAI conference now has its own society, consisting of followers who have been attending it for one or two decades in the row, while new members are constantly joining its family.  
  After almost two decades of continuous presence in the literature, the members of the AIAI society, have formed a very strong community under the auspices of the IFIP Working Group 12.5 (AI applications and Innovations). This group is divided in specific scientific subgroups-subcommunities, specializing in timely hot AI areas. Their members are organizing timely annual workshops specific by subject, which are run and attended by AI professionals-scientists who wish to share knowledge, ideas, problems and insights in every AI subdomain.  
 An indicative reference to the communities – societies that have been already formed under the auspices of the AIAI conference, would include (but not limited) the following:  
 • The Community of Mining Humanistic Data (driven by the Ionian University and the University of Patras, Greece).  
 Though the above communities are here to stay, the above list is dynamic, as new Communities devoted to new AI subdomains are joining to this global event every year.  
  Apart from the papers’ presentation, the distinguished members of the AIAI (IFIP WG12.5) society are offering new insights by giving free Tutorials to conference delegates. This adds actual more merit to the event and enhances the benefits of the members of the AIAI community  
  One of the many benefits for the members of these subcommunities is the fact that they bring together scientists, who are interested either in a narrow specific domain or in hot multidisciplinary areas, or in an emerging subject. This can lead to increased connection and awareness of developments.  
  Under the framework of this community, new researchers are encouraged to proceed further to their developments, by receiving best papers awards together with financial awards, or checks provided by Springer to offer them free access to important scientific publications. Moreover, under the guise of noble rivalry, old and young researchers are invited to complete their research and submit their extended paper for review in prestigious scientific journals. Especially for the young researchers of the AIAI community, this is a unique opportunity to publish not only in the springer proceedings which have millions of recent citations, but also in major scientific journals with a high citation rate.  
 IFIP  •  SPRINGER    
 All rights reserved | IFIP AIAI organizing board   
    Skip to content  Open toolbar  Accessibility Tools         
