Skip to content    ALGO 2023   
        Home  Home 
  ALGOCLOUD 
  ALGOWIN | (former ALGOSENSORS) 
  ATMOS 
  IPEC 
 ALGOWIN  
 2023   
 Starting from 2023 the ALGOSENSORS  event adopts a broader scope of wireless networks in general and its new acronym becomes ALGOWIN.  
 Scope  
 The International Symposium on Algorithmics of Wireless Networks  (ALGOWIN) is an international symposium dedicated to the algorithmic aspects of wireless networks. Originally focused on sensor networks, it now covers algorithmic issues arising in wireless networks of all types of computational entities, static or mobile, including sensor networks, sensor-actuator networks, autonomous robots. The focus is on the design and analysis of algorithms, models of computation, and experimental analysis.  
  ALGOWIN 2023 will be held in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. It will be part of ALGO 2023  , which also hosts ALGOCLOUD  , ATMOS  , ESA  , IPEC  and WAOA  .  
 Invited Speaker  
 Sándor P. Fekete  , Technische Universität Braunschweig  
 In this talk, we consider a number of different algorithmic results. Starting with a labeled set of robots on a grid, we aim to minimize the total time for letting each agent reach its destination. We show that we can always achieve constant stretch, i.e., compute a well-choreographed set of trajectories in which the total time until completion is within a multiplicative constant of the largest initial distance. For settings in which the swarm needs to stay connected at all time, there are two additional sets of results, based on different approaches. In addition, we sketch some results for reconfiguring a swarm when agents do not have individual control, but have to follow uniform global forces.  
 Important Dates  
 Full Paper Submission (EXTENDED DEADLINE): | June 11, 2023 (AoE) | , | June 26, 2023 (AoE) | June 30 2023 (AoE) 
  Notification to authors: August 1, 2023 
  Camera-ready submission: September 30, 2023 
  Conference dates: AlgoWin September 7-8, 2023 
  Call for Papers  
 Original research contributions are solicited related to diverse algorithmic aspects of sensor networks, wireless networks, broadly construed, as well as distributed robotics, including the theoretical, experimental and application perspectives.  
 Selected papers will be invited to a special issue of Theoretical Computer Science.  
 Awards  
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper. To be eligible for the best student paper award, at least one of the paper authors must be a full-time student at the time of submission, and the student(s) must have made a significant contribution to the paper. The program committee may decline to make these awards or may split them.  
 Paper Submission  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically using the EasyChair server  . The submissions must contain original results that have not already been published and are not concurrently submitted to a journal or conference with published proceedings. By submitting a paper, the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance at least one of the authors will register for ALGO/ALGOWIN 2023 and present the paper.  
 Each submission should consist of the main part of the paper, not exceeding 12 pages (including the title page and excluding the references), plus an optional clearly marked appendix (to be read at the discretion of the program committee). Any figure pertaining to the main part of the paper should be included therein (within the 12 page limit). The first page must include an indication of whether the paper is eligible for the best student paper award.  
 ALGO 2023   
 Imprint   
