 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 International Conference on Algorithmic Learning Theory  
   Singapore, Singapore  
   Submission Deadline: Friday 30 Sep 2022   
   Conference Dates: Feb 20, 2023 - Feb 23, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 2.00   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 The Algorithmic Learning Theory (ALT) 2023 conference will be held in Singapore on Feb 20-23, 2023. The conference is dedicated to all theoretical and algorithmic aspects of machine learning. We invite submissions with contributions to new or existing learning problems including, but not limited to:  
  Design and analysis of learning algorithms.  
  Algorithmic Learning Theory tackles a plethora of topics, such as Artificial intelligence, Algorithm, Discrete mathematics, Theoretical computer science and Combinatorics. Artificial intelligence research featured in Algorithmic Learning Theory incorporates concerns from various other topics such as Machine learning and Natural language processing. It focuses on Algorithm research which is adjacent to topics in Function (mathematics).  
 Topics in Discrete mathematics were tackled in line with various other fields like Class (set theory), Bounded function, Set (abstract data type) and Learnability. The in-depth study on Combinatorics also explores topics in the intersecting field of Upper and lower bounds.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
 The most cited papers tackle a plethora of topics, such as Artificial intelligence, Algorithm, Regret, Machine learning and Mathematical optimization. The published papers facilitate discussions on Artificial intelligence that incorporate concepts from other fields like Computational complexity theory and Theoretical computer science. While the conference articles focused on Algorithm, they were also able to explore topics like Discrete mathematics, Kernel embedding of distributions, Generalization and Set (abstract data type).  
 Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 The top authors publishing at Algorithmic Learning Theory (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Marcus Hutter | (14 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Sandra Zilles | (12 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Sanjay Jain | (9 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition, 
  Tor Lattimore | (9 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 
  Frank Stephan | (9 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  Technion – Israel Institute of Technology | (16 papers) | published 3 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Australian National University | (13 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  National University of Singapore | (13 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition, 
  University of Regina | (12 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 International Conference on Algorithmic Learning Theory   
 Mar 29, 2022 - Apr 01, 2022  
 Paris, France  
 International Conference on Algorithmic Learning Theory   
 Feb 20, 2023 - Feb 23, 2023  
 Singapore, Singapore  
  Best Medical Assistant Schools & Programs in New Hampshire – How to Become a Medical Assistant in New Hampshire in 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 International Conference on Algorithmic Learning Theory  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
