  Contact Us 
 13th Triennial International Conference of the Association of Asia Pacific Operational Research Societies (APORS)  
 Theme:  Onward to Recovery through Operations Research  
 Date:  November 9-12, 2022  
 Eastwood Richmonde Hotel | Official Hotel Website | Hotel in Eastwood City : Eastwood Richmonde Hotel   
 While the massive negative short term impact caused by the pandemic has been widely felt, the long term impact brought about by border restrictions and lockdown measures remains uncertain. This conference will provide a forum to discuss the role that Operations Research (OR) has played or could play on the path to Asia-Pacific regional and world recovery. How has the experience affected organizational decision-making process? Has the adoption of OR techniques impacted operations and business resilience?  
  With the theme Onwards to Recovery through OR   , the conference seeks to bring together OR researchers, academicians and practitioners, whose collective work has sustained OR contribution to decision-making and whose current work is expected to play a vital role in surmounting challenges on the road to recovery from the global pandemic.  
  The APORS 13th Conference  aims to provide a forum where:  
  • Practitioners will share their experiences on the problems, methodologies and outcomes of applying OR to solve real-world problems in Asia Pacific and beyond;  
 INVITED SESSION   
  An Invited Session consists of a presentation session of six papers on a specific topic relevant to the themes of the conference, organized as half or full day mini-conference. We invite professors and practitioners of OR who have a special interest in a specific conference topic to take responsibility for a session, gathering papers from a range of research expertise around the world.  
  The organizer of an invited session shall:  
 Select a topic of interest to themselves and to conference delegates. 
  Obtain four ​papers on this topic. If there are sufficient papers the session may become a workshop. 
  Ensure the papers are submitted through the APORS EasyChair online review system. Authors will just have to indicate the name of the invited session where the paper will be under. 
  Coordinate with the APORS Conference Technical Committee on the review and acceptance of all papers that will be submitted under the invited session. 
  Ensure the final versions of the publication files for the papers are uploaded onto EasyChair before the deadline. 
  Attend the conference and chair the session. 
  Researchers who would like to organize one or more Sessions on topics falling within the scope of the conference are invited to submit a proposal for consideration to include session title, description, chair and contact details, and short CV of Chair (s).  
  Click here to view the Plenary Speakers and their abstracts.    
 CONFERENCE TOPICS   
  Submissions of papers aligned with the Conference Theme, Onward to Recovery through OR   , in the following areas are welcome: Banking and Finance, Complexity and Approximation, Control Theory, Customer Relationship Management, Decision Support Systems, Economic Modeling, Energy Applications, Expert Systems and Neural Networks, Forecasting, Healthcare, Information Systems, Inventory, Knowledge Engineering and Management, Logistics and Distribution Management, Marketing, Mathematical Programming Modeling for Optimization, Modeling Systems and Languages, Production, Project Management and Scheduling, Queuing Systems, Soft OR, Strategic Planning and Management, Supply Chain Management, and Transport. Papers reporting original and unpublished research results and experience are solicited. Guidelines for abstract submission follow.   
 ABSTRACT SUBMISSION   
  Abstracts must be written in English. Each attendee is allowed to present ONE paper at the  
  conference.  
  contain the following:  
  • Paper/proposal title;  
  • Author(s) name(s), organization, full mailing address, email address, with an indication of  
  author(s) presenting the paper; and  
  • Topic (at most three, chosen from the Conference Topics List) under which paper falls and  
  additional topics if not included in the list.  
 PUBLICATION OF CONTRIBUTED PAPERS   
 The paper will go through the regular review process of the journal. The APJOR Editors had been alerted to expect submissions from the APORS 2022.  
 PROGRAM SCHEDULE   
  Nov 9 : City Tour / Welcome cocktails in the evening  
  Nov 10 -12 : Conference  
  Nov 11 evening : Evening Banquet  
  From Nov 13 : Post Conference Optional Tours  
 IMPORTANT DATES in 2022   
  Abstracts:    
  Submission of abstracts – EXTENDED  : 1 February to 31 August 2022  
  Notification of acceptance : TBC  
  Registration:    
  Registration Opens : 1 April 2022  
  Early bird Registration Deadline : 31 August 2022  
  Speaker registration and payment deadline : 15 September 2022  
 REGISTRATION FEES   
   The following onsite fees entitles the attendee to participation in the City Tour, Cocktails, Banquet and Conference materials. Online participants could present/ get access to all the sessions.  
 TO REGISTER   
 ON SITE PARTICIPANTS   
  For US Citizens, please visit this link:  
   COVID-19 and Travel Information | Last Updated: August 22, 2022 – U.S. Embassy in the Philippines (usembassy.gov)    
 Covid 19 Protocols for Visiting the Philippines   
  National or state manual/digital vaccination certificate of the country/foreign government; 
  Other proof of vaccination permitted by the IATF 
  Fully vaccinated Filipino Nationals may enter the Philippines provided that they carry/possess an acceptable proof of vaccination, as set out in Section A (1)(b) above.   
 Please read the whole IATF document in case some provisions apply to you.  
 News and Updates  
 September 2024 Technical Forum: Environmental Sustainability 
  2024 National Conference Call for Papers: 15th National Conference Operations Research and Analytics: Empowering Decision-Making Across Industries and Sectors 
  June 2024 Technical Workshop: The Digital Entrepreneur: Setting Up Your Company with ChatGPT 
  14th National Conference: Data-Driven OR and Analytics for National Resilience and Sustainability 
  September 2023 Technical Forum: Data Science and Analytics – Operations Research Tools in Action 
  June 2023 Technical Workshop: ChatGPT and Python: A Productivity and Machine Learning / Operations Research Powerhouse 
  October 2022 Webinar: Political Manipulation through Social Media 
  June 2022 Online Technical Forum Series: Understanding Cryptocurrencies in the Philippines 
 About This Site  
