Web and Big Data. APWeb-WAIM 2023 International Workshops | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
 DE     
 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
 Web and Big Data. APWeb-WAIM 2023 International Workshops  
 KGMA 2023 and SemiBDMA 2023, Wuhan, China, October 6–8, 2023, Proceedings  
 herausgegeben von: Xiangyu Song, Ruyi Feng, Yunliang Chen, Jianxin Li, Geyong Min   
 Über dieses Buch  
 This proceedings constitutes selected papers from the Workshops KGMA and SemiBDMA which were held in conjunction with APWeb-WAIM 2023 which took place in Wuhan, China, during October 6-8, 2023.  
 The 7 full papers included in this book were carefully reviewed and selected from 15 papers submitted to these workshops. They focus on new research approaches on the theory, design, and implementation of data management systems.  
 Frontmatter  
 KGMA 2023  
 Frontmatter  
 A Bidirectional Question-Answering System using Large Language Models and Knowledge Graphs  
  Abstract   
 The integration of Large Language Models (LLMs) and Knowledge Graphs (KGs) has emerged as a vibrant research area in the field of Natural Language Processing (NLP). However, existing approaches need help effectively harnessing the complementary strengths of LLMs and KGs. In this paper, we propose a novel system that addresses this gap by enabling bidirectional conversion between LLMs and KGs. We leverage external knowledge to enhance LLMs for domain-specific responses and fine-tune LLMs for information extraction to construct the Knowledge Graph. Moreover, users can interact with the KG, initiating new rounds of questioning in LLMs. The evaluation results highlight the effectiveness of our approach. Our system showcases the potential of combining LLMs and KGs, paving the way for advanced natural language understanding and generation in various domains.   
 Lifan Han, Xin Wang, Zhao Li, Heyi Zhang, Zirui Chen   
 Yaqing Sheng, Weixin Zeng, Jiuyang Tang   
 SemiBDMA 2023  
 Frontmatter  
 Diversified Group Recommendation Model for Social Network  
  Abstract   
 Group recommendation can recommend satisfactory activities to group members in the recommendation system. In the research of group recommendation, the main issue is how to combine the preferences of different group members. Most of the existing group recommendations adopt a single aggregation strategy to aggregate the preferences of different group members, unable to fulfill the needs of diversified group decision-making. At the same time, most of these group recommendation methods rely on intuition or hypothesis to analyze the influence of group members, which lacks convincing theoretical support. To overcome this issue, we propose the Diversified Group Recommendation Model for social network (DGRM). This model considers two aspects of social choice and social influence, models the diversity of groups, and adopts different group recommendation strategies for different groups, which can better meet the diverse needs of users and groups. We propose a group recommendation strategy based on score fusion, which can better meet the diverse needs of users and groups. Firstly, a matrix factorization-based individual rating prediction method and a Bayesian model-based individual rating prediction method are proposed, respectively, to predict the individual ratings based on user-item interactions. Secondly, different strategies for scoring fusion are proposed, and group recommendations are made based on the fused scores for different types of groups. Finally, we verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the key technologies proposed in this paper by conducting experiments, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed methods.   
 Dong Li, Zhenshuo Liu, Zhanghui Wang, Jin Liu, Yue Kou, Lingling Zhang   
 PSL-Based Interpretable Generation Model for Recommendation  
  Abstract   
 Nowadays, recommendation systems have been widely used in various aspects such as news, movies, music, videos, academia, and many more. The advent of personalized recommendation systems has significantly enhanced the efficiency of users’ access to information and also improved their overall experience. As an essential component of the recommendation system research field, interpretable recommendations emphasize the need to provide users with recommended results along with the rationale behind them. Unlike traditional recommendation systems, interpretable systems can not only enhance system transparency but also increase user trust and acceptance, the likelihood of users choosing the recommended product, and overall satisfaction. However, most existing interpretable recommendation systems depend on user similarity, item similarity, scoring data, or review a single aspect of the data to produce an interpretation, which makes it challenging to create trustworthy interpretable due to the limited use of these factors and intelligent reasoning. To solve this problem, we propose the Probabilistic Soft Logic (PSL)-based Interpretable Generation Model for Recommendation (called PIGM). Unlike traditional interpretable recommendation models, our PIGM takes into account user similarity, item similarity, and scoring data, employing PSL to model these factors and utilizing intelligent reasoning to generate interpretations. Firstly, based on matrix decomposition to predict the user’s score of the item. Secondly, the data is partitioned into observation dataset, target dataset and fact dataset. Thirdly, predicates are defined according to the data and the required results, and rules are defined according to the defined predicates, fact logic and relevant knowledge generated by recommendation system interpretation. Then, the weights of the rules are learned based on the maximum likelihood estimation. Finally, based on PSL reasoning and according to the defined rules, generate a recommendation list and corresponding interpretation for the user. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed PIGM model on the real dataset.   
 Dong Li, Binghao Han, Ming Wan, Yuqian Gong, Yue Kou, Hairong Liao   
 Personal Credit Data Sharing Scheme Based on Blockchain and Access Control  
  Abstract   
 Personal credit plays a vital role in the modern economy and society. However, the traditional centralized credit model suffers from numerous issues, including privacy breaches, data misuse, and unclear data ownership. Moreover, this model lacks an efficient sharing mechanism, resulting in data dispersion and low utilization rates. To solve these problems, this paper proposes a personal credit data security sharing scheme based on multi-chain collaboration. In this scheme, credit data is stored in IPFS, and data summaries and information are uploaded to the master chain to ensure data integrity and consistency. Additionally, access control and key management operations are transferred from the master chain to reduce pressure and enable capacity expansion. Furthermore, to safeguard the security and privacy of data sharing, the paper designs a more efficient access control model called PT-ABAC, based on attribute-based access control (ABAC) and capability-based access control (CapBAC). The verification of static attributes is replaced by granting user permission token, and the zero-knowledge proof algorithm is used to protect the privacy of user attributes. The model realizes the fine-grained access control of data, and effectively improves the efficiency of data access. The analysis shows that the credit data sharing scheme in this paper is characterized by distributed, tamper-proof, traceable, secure and transparent data sharing, and fine-grained access control, which ensures the authenticity and immutability of the credit data, implements strict access control in credit data sharing, and clarifies the ownership and control of the credit data.   
 Jie Feng, Xiaoguang Li, Xiaoli Li   
 OR-SPESC: Design of an Advanced Smart Contract Language for Data Ownership  
  Abstract   
 Owing to the open and sharing characteristics, blockchain can be applied for data ownership management in data circulation. The smart contract, as a kernel technique of blockchain, is a program code that can automatically execute the business process of the scene. Smart contracts require programmers with professional coding ability in contract design and implementation. Hence, it is necessary to design an auxiliary tool for non-coding personnel to write smart contracts and manage data ownership as well. To cope with this problem, this paper proposes an advanced smart contract language OR-SPESC for data ownership. OR-SPESC is a contract language similar to natural language including five parts of parties, data assets, deeds, terms, and contract properties. It can select the appropriate function meta-language for a specific scenario to complete the scenario business. Firstly, OR-SPESC makes a formal definition of deed, which describes the ownership between parties and data assets. This paper also proposes three operations on data ownership including creation, destruction, and transfer. Then, taking the trade scenario as an example, the design of OR-SPESC contract rules. Finally, the experiments implement the tracking of OR-SPESC contract conversion and the analysis and verification of the conversion rate (CR) and product rate (PR) of OR-SPESC contract conversion. The research illustrates the effectiveness of OR-SPESC contract design and the efficiency of contract conversion.   
 Yuefeng Du, Chang Lin, Tingting Liu, Xiaoguang Li, Wei Wei, Shanshan Gao   
 Metadaten   
 Titel  Web and Big Data. APWeb-WAIM 2023 International Workshops    
 herausgegeben von  Xiangyu Song  
  Ruyi Feng  
