ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
 DE     
 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
 ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation  
 12th EAI International Conference, ArtsIT 2023, São Paulo, Brazil, November 27-29, 2023, Proceedings, Part I  
 herausgegeben von: Anthony L. Brooks   
 Über dieses Buch  
 This book constitutes the refereed post-conference proceedings the 12th EAI International Conference on ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation, ArtsIT 2023 which was held in São Paulo, Brazil, in November 27-29, 2023.  
 Part I: exploring new frontiers in music therapy; network dance and technology; computational art and the creative process.  
 Adapting the Emobook Life Story Book App for Reminiscence Focused Music Therapy in Dementia Care: An Interdisciplinary Participatory Design Approach  
  Abstract   
 Life Story books are frequently employed to facilitate reminiscence interventions, but their use in music therapy remains limited in the scientific literature. There is a paucity of research detailing the design processes involved in this context. In contemporary music therapy, the effective integration of technology is a significant concern. This paper aims to report on the Participatory Design process used to adapt the Emobook Life Story Book App for a Reminiscence Music Therapy Program for people living with dementia. An interdisciplinary team comprising an interaction designer, a software engineer, a music therapist, and a research assistant engaged in co-design meetings. The interdisciplinary and participatory process yielded four ideas and four lines of action, which evolved iteratively as the work meetings progressed. Points raised by the lines of action were addressed, leading to modifications in the Emobook app and adjustments in the intervention program for seamless integration. Collaborative, interdisciplinary efforts are essential in advancing the incorporation of technology into music therapy practice. This study demonstrates the value of a Participatory Design approach in adapting technology for use in Music Therapy.   
 Noelia Gerbaudo-Gonzalez, Alejandro Catala, Nelly Condori-Fernandez, Manuel Gandoy-Crego   
  Abstract   
 The Nucleo de Dança Redes at the State University of Campinas has been developing multimodal artistic research in mixed reality in an interactive, immersive, dialogical, and in nets. In this article we present some research focus of the group referencing two works “De uma Margem a Outra” and “Jardim das Cartas”. Researchers in the areas of dance, music and audio visual have been raising discussions about an “expanded sound body” that stems from the interaction between movement, sound, music, video and technology in a mixed environment. A body that extends in sound, and an embodied sound in movement in an expanded perspective of the body in “presence” with more complex contours.   
 Another point is in the observation and understanding of the event of multimodal improvisation in a mixed environment as a path and an interactive and connective articulation between the communication agent that participate in the net as an expressive path that is shown in the interactive exploration. Based on interactive practices and on the concept of net, we work methodologically towards a “poetic interaction” in the field of complexity. A fertile ground in which improvisation and composition become coordinated paths for the unfolding of a dance which starts from the connectivity and from the interaction between sound, body movement, image and technology.   
 Gatti Daniela   
 Art as an Expanded Field: The Case of the R/Place Social Experiment  
  Abstract   
 In this paper, we will present the social experiment originating from the website Reddit, r/place, and our findings regarding how this experiment has been analyzed and understood, with three interpretations of our studies that could be associated with r/place. On top of that, we will introduce our art research methodology, “art as an expanded field,” in which r/place will be our subject of analysis, with the concept of artification described by scholar Ellen Dissanayake as our theoretical starting point for such an endeavor. It is not in the interest of this work to thoroughly analyze r/place but to present a paradigm for understanding it and possibly further experiments, as well as present the beginnings of our methodology currently developed.   
 Marcela Jatene Cavalcante Botelho, Hosana Celeste Oliveira   
 Epic’s “Metahuman Creator” is a new type of digital human configurator, based on pre-existing scans of real people where only physically plausible adjustments can be made. As it has a vast range of facial features and skin tones the user can design a variety of digital characters. However, its tools representing trans identities and invisible disabilities have limitations. Here we show the experience of two users, one with a hearing disability and the other undergoing gender-affirming therapy.   
 We found that tools for representing their identity fell short of expressing their inherent human dignity. The foundations of the Metaverse are therefore at risk of replicating inaccessibility and excluding persons with disabilities and gender differences.   
 We anticipate our paper to be the starting point for wider participatory research that involves all user groups in the design of platforms, tools and systems. We foresee the findings of our paper fulfilling the UN Charter on Human rights in the digital space through the shaping of policies and advancing existing standards (ISO).   
 Savithri Bartlett, Sam Chester, Philip Delamore, Sebastian Roeck, Zowie Broach   
 Metadaten   
 Titel  ArtsIT, Interactivity and Game Creation    
 herausgegeben von  Anthony L. Brooks  
