Asiacrypt 2023  
 December 4-8, 2023  
 Guangzhou, China  
     Home 
  Technical Program | Main program  Rump session  Accepted papers  Call for papers  Paper submission 
  Attend | Registration  Venue & travel  Stipends & waivers  Visas  Code of conduct  Other events 
  Sponsors 
 This site is designed for browsers with javascript.  
 The dates, name, and location for the conference are in a json file.   
  Call for Papers  
 General Information  
 Asiacrypt 2023, the 29th Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of Cryptology and Information Security, will take place in Guangzhou, China on December 4-8, 2023. Asiacrypt 2023 is organized by the International Association for Cryptologic Research  (IACR). Original contributions on all aspects of cryptology are solicited for submission.  
 There is also a PDF version of the call for papers  . Please note that this is an updated version from May 22nd.  
 How to Submit  
 Submissions are closed. If you have an accepted paper, you can still access the submission server  to make updates as needed.  
 Important Dates  
 May 26, 2023  
 Jul 20, 2023  
 First round notification  
 Aug 1, 2023  
 Rebuttal due  
 Aug 25, 2023  
 Final notification  
 Sep 20, 2023  
 Final versions due  
 4 Dec 2023  
 Conference begins  
 Schedule  
 Asiacrypt 2023 will operate a two-round review system with rebuttal phase. In the first round, the program committee selects a subset of submissions for further consideration in the second round, and the authors receive the first round notification with review comments. The authors of the selected submissions are invited to submit a text-based rebuttal letter to the review comments.  
 In the second round, the program committee further reviews the selected submissions by taking into account their rebuttal letter, and makes the final decision of acceptance or rejection. The submissions that have not been selected during the first round of reviews may be submitted in other conferences after the first round notification date.  
 Conference Information  
 The primary source of information is the conference website. Students whose papers have been accepted and who present their talks at the conference will have their registration waived.  
 Stipends  
 A limited number of stipends are available to those unable to obtain funding to attend the conference. Students whose papers are accepted and who will present the paper themselves, are encouraged to apply if such assistance is needed. Requests for stipends should be sent to the general co-chairs.  
 Program Committee  
   asiacrypt2023 at iacr.org   
 Asiacrypt 2023  
  Copyright © 2024  by the  IACR  International Association for Cryptologic Research   •   
  Privacy Policy