ACM ASIACCS 2023   
 July 10th to July 14th, 2023, Melbourne, Australia  
   ACM ASIACCS 2023   
 July 10th to July 14th, 2023, Melbourne, Australia  
 ACM ASIACCS 2023   
 Melbourne, Australia    
 ACM ASIACCS 2023   
 Melbourne, Australia    
 Home 
  AsiaCCS 
  Dates&Calls | Important Dates 
  Call for Papers 
 Call for Papers  
 The 18th ACM ASIA Conference on Computer and Communications Security (ACM ASIACCS 2023) will be held in Melbourne, Australia from July 10th to July 14th, 2023. We solicit paper submissions on all technical   aspects of security and privacy, including “Systemisation of Knowledge” (SoK) papers. However, purely theoretical  (e.g., cryptography-focused, with no security/application connections) submissions are not encouraged. The same goes for submissions focused primarily on blockchains or machine learning  .    
 Submissions will fall into one of three categories, each reviewed using different criteria: (1) novel attacks/flaws/exploits, (2) new constructs, and (3) SoK-s. The number of accepted submissions will be carefully balanced across all three categories.   
 Important Dates  
 1st round Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline  
 Early Rejection  
  2 October, 2022  
 Author Notification​  
  23 November, 2022  
 Camera Ready Due  
  20 December, 2022  
 2nd round Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline  
 Early Rejection  
  30 January, 2023  
 Author Notification  
  22 March, 2023  
 Camera Ready Due  
  24 April, 2023  
 Download Call For Papers PDF      
 Submission Instructions  
 Please read the instructions below before submitting the paper. Please contact the PC chairs at pc-chairs@asiaccs2023.org  for any questions regarding the submissions.  
 SUBMIT YOUR WORK      
  Paper Formatting  
 Technical papers submitted for ASIACCS are to be written in English. Papers must be in PDF format and at most 12 pages double-column including a bibliography with up to 3 additional pages for well-marked appendices. Note that appendices cannot exceed 3 pages even if the main text is less than 12 pages. Authors should prepare the submissions using the latest ACM Sigconf style conference template only (available at here  ). All fonts, images, tables and figures are required to comply with common standards and do not generate problems for reviewers. Titles of SoK papers must begin with “SoK:”. Submissions not meeting the formatting requirements risk rejection without consideration of their merits.  
 Conflicts of Interest  
 Authors when submitting the paper are required to declare the conflict of interest (COI) with the Program Committee members including the chairs. Those who are considered COI include (1) anyone who shares an institutional affiliation with an author of the paper at the time of submission, (2) anyone who was the advisor or advisee of an author at any time in the past, or (3) anyone the author has collaborated or published within the prior two years. PC members, including chairs that have a conflict of interest with a paper, will be entirely excluded from the evaluation of that paper. Failure of declaring COI, or declaring fake COI can lead to the paper being rejected. If a paper is reviewed by a PC member with COI, it will be rejected.  
 Anonymous Submissions  
 ASIACCS is employing a double-blind reviewing process. All submissions should be appropriately anonymized. Author names and affiliations should not appear in the paper. The authors should avoid obvious self-references and should appropriately blind them if used. The list of authors cannot be changed (but the order can be) after the acceptance decision is made unless approved by the Program Chairs.  
 Double and Concurrent Submissions  
 Submissions to ASIACCS 2023 must not substantially overlap with papers that are published or simultaneously submitted to other venues with proceedings (including journals or conferences/workshops). Double-submission will result in immediate rejection. Detected violations may be reported to other conference chairs and journal editors.  
 Ethical Considerations  
 The authors should take care of clarifying any potential ethical and legal concerns to their results, highly critical vulnerabilities or exploits, etc. The authors should provide evidence that they have thoroughly considered such issues.The Program Committee reserves the right to reject a submission if insufficient evidence was presented that ethical or relevant legal concerns were appropriately addressed.  
 Early Rejection and Appeals  
 Paper Revision and Re-submission  
 Rejected papers in the 1st round cannot be resubmitted in the 2nd round. A small number of the 1st round submissions may receive a Revise decision, rather than Accept or Reject, and may be revised and resubmitted together with the response to reviewers’ comments into the same HOTCRP submission server .  The revision may include running additional experiments, improving the paper’s presentation, or other such improvements. Papers meeting the expectations will typically be accepted. Additional revisions will be requested only in exceptional circumstances.  
 Camera-Ready and Conference Presentation  
 If a paper is accepted, the author list in submission cannot be changed when preparing the camera-ready version. Authors of accepted papers must also guarantee that their papers will be presented at the conference. At least one author of the paper must be registered at the appropriate full conference rate.  
  ACM ASIACCS 2023 is proudly powered by WordPress