General | Home 
  Scope 
  Previous Edutions | ASONAM 2022 
  Multidisciplinary Track 
  Tutorials 
  Camera Ready & Copyright 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Program 
  Registration/Accommodation 
  Co-Located Events | FAB 2023 
  FOSINT-SI 2023 
  HI-BI-BI 2023 
  Contact 
   General | Home 
  Scope 
  Previous Edutions | ASONAM 2022 
  Multidisciplinary Track 
  Tutorials 
  Camera Ready & Copyright 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Program 
  Registration/Accommodation 
  Co-Located Events | FAB 2023 
  FOSINT-SI 2023 
  HI-BI-BI 2023 
  Contact 
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 Research Track  
 CALL FOR RESEARCH PAPERS - FULL - SHORT  
 Submit Article     
  The international conference series on Advances in Social Network Analysis and Mining (ASONAM) provides an interdisciplinary venue that brings together researchers and practitioners from a broad variety of fields to promote collaborations and exchange of ideas and practices. ASONAM is intended to address important aspects with a specific focus on emerging trends, societal and industry needs. The conference solicits empirical, experimental, methodological, and theoretical research reporting original and unpublished results on social network analysis and mining along with applications. More specialized topics within ASONAM 2023 include, but are not limited to:  
 | Techniques  - Data collection and quality 
  - Big data and scalability 
  - Urban science 
  | Special Focus on Social Networks in Africa  ASONAM 2023 will be held in Morocco, and will have a special focus on social media and social networks in Africa: for example, analysis on African commerce, transportation, health, languages and other social networks. This is the first time this conference will be held in Africa, and we are especially interested in submissions that produce and/or engage with datasets from the continent that can support research and learning in service of Africans.  
 To fully embrace the fast-growing and vigorously dynamic trend of social network approaches and applications, ASONAM 2023 is eager to consider any breakthroughs in social network analysis and mining in the broadest possible sense.  
 General areas of interest to ASONAM 2023 include information science and mathematics, communication studies, business and organizational studies, sociology, psychology, anthropology, applied linguistics, biology and medicine.  
  | Review Criteria  The papers will be reviewed and assessed by the program committee. Full paper manuscripts must be in English with a maximum length of 8 pages using the IEEE two-column template. We also solicit short papers with a maximum length of 4 pages. Submissions should include the title, author(s), affiliation(s), e-mail address(es), and abstract on the first page.  
 Papers will be accepted to the conference based on the reviewers' comments on their impact, originality, timeliness, relevance, and clarity of presentation. A Best Paper Award ceremony will be organized at the banquet. If the paper is accepted, the paper will appear in the proceedings of the conference if one author presents the paper at the conference and at least one author registers as a full conference participant.  
  | Authors Commit To Reviewing  By submitting to the conference, each author volunteers to be entered into the pool of potential PC members/reviewers for ASONAM 2023 and may be asked to review papers for the conference. This does not apply to authors who have already agreed to contribute to ASONAM 2023 in some capacity (e.g., as PC/SPC members of the main conference or special tracks, area chairs, or members of the organizing committee) and authors who are not qualified to be ASONAM PC members (e.g., undergraduate students, junior graduate students, researchers with a limited track record). This requirement may be waived in a limited range of exceptional circumstances (researchers leaving academia, parental leave, etc.)  
  | No Concurrent Submissions  Submitted papers must describe work that is substantively different from work that has already been published, or accepted for publication in an archival venue. ASONAM submissions must not be in concurrent submission to any archival conference or journal during the ASONAM review period. Note that papers previously uploaded to a pre-print server like arXiv but not published are acceptable as submissions to ASONAM. Submitted papers may also be uploaded to pre-print servers if desired by the authors.  
  | | Authorship  Every person named as the author of a paper must have contributed substantially to the work described in the paper and/or to the writing of the paper. Every listed author must take responsibility for the entire content of a paper. Persons who do not meet these requirements may be acknowledged, but should not be listed as authors. Post-submission changes to the set of authors list are not allowed. Authorship may not be modified after the paper submission deadline.  
  | Publications  Accepted and presented papers will be included in the Conference Proceedings and forwarded for inclusion in IEEE Computer Society Digital Library (CSDL), IEEE eXplore, and the ACM Digital Library. The conference proceedings will be submitted for El indexing through INSPEC by the IEEE. Proceedings will be included in several indexes, e.g., Web of Science, SCOPUS, etc.  
 If you have any questions on ASONAM 2023, please send email to asonam2023 (AT) gmail (dot) com.  
 Submit Article     
  Research Track Key Dates>   
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 - Industrial Track  
 CALL FOR INDUSTRIAL PAPERS - FULL - SHORT  
  Social network analysis and mining techniques are central to numerous modern industrial settings. Such techniques often push forward existing frontiers in sectors such as user modeling, personalization, and behavioral understanding. Industrial research in such areas is rapidly growing and further spurring the development of exciting ideas.  
 The ASONAM 2023 Industrial Track seeks submissions in all categories (8-page full papers, 4-page short papers, and 2-page extended abstracts) which showcase recent research advances in social network analysis and mining with direct industrial relevance. The track offers a venue for industrial practitioners and academic researchers to discuss emerging trends and practical challenges, and serves to further facilitate interactions between academia and industry in this vital area of growing interest.  
 All papers submitted to the ASONAM 2023 Industrial Track will undergo a standard peer-review process. The track emphasizes focus on contributions of industrial innovation and relevance, observational findings, interesting lessons learned in practice, and new classes of applications which can inspire further academic work. In-progress work is also considered. Contributions from both industrial research/development groups (both public and private sector) and academics are welcome.  
 In addition to regular presentation-based industrial track sessions, the track will include both an Industrial Poster Session and an Industrial Demo Session to encourage further exchange of ideas between academic and industrial researchers and practitioners. Depending on the availability of presentation slots, a fraction of accepted Industrial Track papers may be scheduled for poster-presentation only. Industrial Track contributors that plan to give a poster presentation or show a demo, but do not have a full or short paper submission, are requested to submit a 2-page extended abstract, which will be reviewed and (if accepted) be included in the conference proceedings. For authors planning to show a demo, a document describing the demo and associated requirements will be solicited after acceptance. Likewise, authors of contributions selected for poster presentation will be required to produce a poster for display at the venue.  
 We welcome submissions on the following, but not exclusive, topics:  
 - Mining data from industrial products or behavioral traces 
  - Usage studies of social media 
  Papers will be accepted for the industrial track based on the reviewers' comments on their originality, timeliness, significance, relevance, and clarity of presentation. Accepted papers will appear in the proceedings of the conference if one author presents the paper at the conference and at least one author registers as a full conference participant.  
 | Publications  Accepted and presented papers will be included in the Conference Proceedings and forwarded for inclusion in IEEE Computer Society Digital Library (CSDL), IEEE eXplore, and the ACM Digital Library. The conference proceedings will be submitted for El indexing through INSPEC by the IEEE. Proceedings will be included in several indexes, e.g., Web of Science, SCOPUS, etc.  
 If you have any questions on ASONAM 2023, please send email chairs of the industrial track.  
 Submit Article     
  Industrial Track Key Dates >   
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 Workshops Track  
 CALL FOR WORKSHOP PROPOSALS  
  The ASONAM2023 Committee invites proposals for workshops to be held in conjunction with the main conference. All workshops will be held on November 6 2023, i.e., the first day of the conference.  
 ASONAM2023 provides an interdisciplinary venue that solicits empirical, methodological, and theoretical research reporting original and unpublished results on social network analysis and mining along with their applications.  
 | GENERAL GUIDELINES  Workshops can typically focus on topics aligned to or specified in the general call for contributions but may not be restricted to those. All theoretical and applied aspects of social network analysis and mining are welcome. We strongly suggest having organizers from different institutions that bring different perspectives to the workshop topic. We welcome workshops with a creative structure that may attract various types of contributions and ensure rich interactions. Workshops may be full-day or half-day. A full-day workshop should select 10-14 regular papers, while a half-day workshop should select 5-7. It is the responsibility of the workshop organizers to create their website.  
  Workshop Chairs must form their program committee and handle the whole process, including the submission, review and acceptance decisions.  
  You may use the submission system you prefer. One complimentary registration will be provided per workshop to be used by one of the organizers who is expected to attend and coordinate the organization of the workshop. Workshop organizers will receive coverage for one invited speaker from Europe only if they accept at least 10 high-quality papers, without counting the papers forwarded from the main conference. Coverage for the invited speaker will include an economy class ticket, two nights accommodation and complimentary registration.  
 | PROPOSAL SUBMISSION  Proposals may be submitted by e-mail in PDF format with "[ASONAM 2023] Workshop Proposal" in the subject line to the workshop co-chairs. All Workshop proposals should include the following elements:  
 - Title of the workshop 
  - Names of workshop organizers, affiliation, mailing address, e-mail address, and a designated contact person 
  - A list of potential Program Committee members and attendees/submissions and/or a justification of the expected attendees and submissions. 
  - A short description on how the workshop will be advertised so as to ensure a sufficiently wide range of authors and high-quality papers. 
  - A short description of past versions of the workshop, including dates, organizers, submission and acceptance counts, attendance, sites, and any other relevant information. 
  - Short CV of the organizers 
  - Submissions are only accepted at | click here to submit a workshop proposal 
  | WORKSHOP ORGANIZATION  Organizers, whose proposals are accepted, will be responsible for advertising the workshop, forming the program committees, reviewing and selecting the papers, all along guaranteeing high quality worthy of the prestige and range of the Conference. After the acceptance of a workshop proposal the organizer(s) should:  
 - Create a “Call for papers/participation” for the workshop 
  - Create a webpage for the workshop, the link of which will be published on the Conference website 
  All submitted papers should be reviewed on the basis of technical quality, relevance, significance, and clarity. The workshop organizers will also have the discretion of editing selected papers (after their expansion and revision) into books or special journal issues.  
 | REGISTRATION  Workshop paper registration fees are the same as regular conference fees. All registered participants are entitled to attend all keynotes, sessions, workshops, panels, tutorials and social events.  
 | Worshop Proposal Submission  click here to submit a workshop proposal     
  | WORKSHOP CO-CHAIRS  - Francesca Spezzano, Boise State University, USA, -- | francescaspezzano (at) boisestate (dot) edu 
  |> Workshop Proposals Key Dates  >    
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 Sponsorship  
 CALL FOR FINANCIAL SPONSORS  
 | Overview  The international conference on Advances in Social Network Analysis and Mining (ASONAM2023 ) will primarily provide an interdisciplinary venue. It will bring together practitioners and researchers from a variety of Social Network Analysis and Mining to promote collaborations, exchange of ideas and practices, and advertise your business, service and product.  
  - Option to have brochure or CD included in all conference bags 
  - Option to have brochure or CD included in all conference bags 
  - One complimentary conference registrations 
  - Option to have brochure or CD included in all conference bags 
  - Two complimentary conference registrations 
  - Option to provide a special presentation such as a tutorial or banquet speech. 
  | ASONAM Platinum Sponsorship (€10,000+)  - Their name and logo will be published in the conference proceedings. 
  - Option to have brochure or CD included in all conference bags 
  - Three complimentary conference registrations 
  - Peter Peng University of Calgary, Canada, -- | pengxiufeng (at) gmail (dot) com 
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 Demos and Exhibitions Track  
  Submit Article     
  The IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Network Analysis and Mining (ASONAM) provides a premier interdisciplinary forum to bring together researchers and practitioners from all social networking analysis and mining related fields for presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative, practical development experiences.  
 Researchers, practitioners and developers are invited to submit demo proposals to ASONAM2023. The topics include, but not restricted to, the following:  
 - Agent based social simulation and computational models 
  - Visual representation of dynamic social networks 
  Each accepted demo is required to have a poster and demonstrate during the demo sessions using own laptop/device. ASONAM2023 will provide space and Internet connection at the conference venue.  
 Submit Demo Paper     
 All demonstration submissions must be no more than 4 pages (including all figures) using IEEE CPS two-column template and should provide a short and clear description about the system to be demonstrated, covering a summary of its novel characteristics, the list of its functions and features. Any submission that does not follow the guidelines will be rejected without review.  
 The selection criteria used for demonstration proposals include novelty, technical quality, and presentation quality of the demonstrated system.  
 All accepted demos will be included in the formal conference proceedings and forwarded for inclusion in IEEE Computer Society Digital Library (CSDL), IEEE Xplore and the ACM Digital Library. The conference proceedings will be submitted for EI indexing through INSPEC by IEEE. The proceedings will be also covered by several other indexes, including DBLP, SCOPUS, etc.  
 Submit Article     
  Demos and Exhibitions Key Dates >   
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 Tutorials  
 CALL FOR TUTORIALS  
  The IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Network Analysis and Mining (ASONAM) provides a premier interdisciplinary forum to bring together researchers and practitioners from all social networking analysis and mining related fields for presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative, practical development experiences. ASONAM 2023 seeks to address important challenging problems with a specific focus on the emerging trends and industry needs associated with social networking analysis and mining. The conference solicits experimental and theoretical findings along with their real-world applications. In addition to the technical program, the conference will feature tutorials, workshops, panels, exhibits, and demos.  
 ASONAM 2023 welcomes proposals for short and long tutorials from active researchers and experienced tutors. We invite tutorials that provide one or more of the following: (a) cover state-of-the-art research, (b) provide hands-on practical information on methods and tools, (c) offer insights from real world systems, and (c) cover interdisciplinary topics.  
 A one-page description of the tutorial (including title, authors’ short bios, abstract, and background expected from the audience) will be included in the conference proceedings.  
 Submission   
  Proposals should include the following items:  
 - Title 
  Tutorials Key Dates >   
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 Ph.D. Forum  
 CALL FOR PHD RESEARCH PAPERS - FULL - SHORT  
  Submit Article     
  After its success in previous years, the PhD forum and posters track will take place as part of the 2023 IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Networks Analysis and Mining (ASONAM 2023), 08-11 November 2023, in The Hague, Netherlands.  
 This forum will provide graduate students (e.g., PhD students, pre-doctoral students and Master leading to PhD students) and researchers with an opportunity to share, present, explore, develop their research ideas, and to receive feedback from the research community that will help them in further developing and progressing in their PhD studies. This will help students as prospective candidates to connect up with senior researchers participating in the conference. It will also stimulate collaborations between students with similar research interests.  
 This forum is intended for students at any stage of their PhD work. All submissions will be thoroughly reviewed by experts in the field and will be selected based on their originality, timeliness, significance, relevance, and clarity of presentation. Further, authors should certify that their submissions contain substantially new and previously unpublished research. Students will be given an opportunity to present their proposals and get feedback and advice on how to improve their research plan.  
 We welcome submissions of research ideas that are mature enough to be presented and whose content can evolve to become the substantial part of a PhD dissertation. Reports on PhD dissertations and work in progress towards their dissertation should address research issues, challenges, and originality. Submissions should clearly describe the problem, explain its importance, detail why existing solutions are not sufficient, and give an outline of proposed solutions and preliminary experimental evaluation. Submissions should be written in English and pertaining to the topics mentioned in the Call For Paper page for the ASONAM 2023 conference.  
 Three categories of submissions will be accepted:  
 - Full papers up to 8 pages 
  For full papers, submissions should be based on more mature research proposals. For extended abstracts, submissions can be about preliminary research ideas or works in progress.  
 All papers must be in IEEE two-columns format.  
 Submissions should include the title, student author highlighted, affiliation, e-mail address, postal address and abstract on the first page. Authors should mention supervisor(s) name (if not listed as coauthor(s)) and affiliation as well as any funding source(s) in acknowledgements section. Papers should be submitted online using the PhD forum's Online Submission System (URL to be announced).  
 Paper submission implies the main author of the paper is a graduate students and one of the authors must pay full registration fee and attend the PhD forum to present the paper. The PhD forum participants will also enjoy free access to the full program of ASONAM2023 and all the accompanying symposia, tutorials and workshops.  
 Accepted and presented papers will be included in the Conference Proceedings and forwarded for inclusion in IEEE Computer Society Digital Library (CSDL), IEEE Xplore and the ACM Digital Library. The conference proceedings will be submitted for EI indexing through INSPEC by IEEE. The proceedings will be also covered by several other indexes, including DBLP, SCOPUS, etc.  
 A selection of accepted papers will also be invited to submit an extended version of their work to an edited book, that will be published by Springer in the LNSN format.  
 For general inquiries about the PhD forum and posters track, please contact the PhD forum and posters organizers.  
  PhD Track Key Dates >   
 -  Welcome to ASONAM 2023 Multidisciplinary Track  
 CALL FOR EXTENDED ABSTRACTS  
  Submit Article     
  The IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Network Analysis and Mining (ASONAM) provides a premier interdisciplinary forum to bring together researchers and practitioners from different disciplines using social network analysis and mining. ASONAM hosts presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative, practical development experiences. ASONAM2023 is intended to address important aspects with a specific focus on the emerging trends and industry needs associated with social networking analysis and mining. The conference solicits experimental and theoretical works on social network analysis and mining along with their application to real life situations.  
 Within the general conference, the ASONAM2023 multidisciplinary track  will include the intersections of social network analysis and mathematics, communication, business management, statistics, scientometrics, sociology, psychology, anthropology, history, archeology, political sciences, applied linguistics, chemistry, neuroscience, biology, physics and health.  
 Papers of interest include, but are not limited to, the following topics:  
  - Complex systems, physics and networks 
  Please submit an extended abstract not exceeding 4 pages in IEEE/ACM format.  
 Abstracts and Full paper manuscripts must be in English (using the IEEE two-column template). Submissions should include the title, author(s), affiliation(s), e-mail address(es), tel/fax numbers, abstract, and postal address(es) on the first page.  
 All submitted extended abstracts and full papers are subject to review and acceptance by the MULTIDISCIPLINARY TRACK Program Committee. Accepted abstracts and papers will be presented at the conference either as full talks or posters. Full papers must report original and unpublished research results pertaining to the above topics are solicited. Full papers will be published in the proceedings of ASONAM2023. Extended abstracts could contain also preliminary research results, as well as already published works.  
 Abstract and Full Paper submission implies that the intent is for one of the authors to attend the conference and present the paper if accepted and that at least one of the authors register for a full conference fee.  
 Submit Article     
