            20/10/2023  Share with  
  From October 19th to 21st, 2023, 2023 International Conference on Advanced Technologies for Communications (The ATC’s 2023 conference) was held in Da Nang City. This is an annual scientific conference specializing in the fields of electronics, communications, information technology, and related fields. It is hosted and organized by the Radio and Electronics Association of Vietnam (REV) under the auspices of the IEEE Communications Society (IEEE ComSoc).    
 Overview of the opening session    
 The ATC’s 2023 conference includes a series of important and hot-debating topics related to information and communications such as semiconductor microchips, and post-5G and -6G networks. This is an open and friendly forum for scientists, scholars, and experts to discuss and share initiatives in their research experiences as well as breakthrough results in system, product, and technology development.   
 Dr. Doan Quang Hoan – Vice President and General Secretary of the REV Association spoke at the conference    
 Giving an introduction and congratulatory speech at the conference, Dr. Doan Quang Hoan, Vice President and General Secretary of the REV Association, highly appreciated the role and responsibility of UD-VKU in hosting the ATC’s 2023 conference, contributing to the overall success of the conference. He also confirmed the good reputation of the International Conference on Advanced Technologies for Communications (ATC) with many high-quality and excellent articles in scientific research on advanced communication technology.   
 Leading professors at Northumbria University, UK reported on key issues and development trends in the fields of electronics and other related matters.    
 At the plenary session of the ATC’s 2023 conference, the conference attendants listened to reports on the issues and development trends in the fields of electronics, communications, and related fields by keynote speakers who are leading professors from Northumbria University, UK, and Kyung-hee University, Korea. The conference included 21 parallel sessions with many interesting and hotly debating topics in electronics and communications such as Digital signal processing; The media; Semiconductor microchips; Network; Electronic; Antennas and Broadcasting; or Post-5G and -6G Wireless communication.   
 Assoc. Prof. Dr. Huynh Cong Phap, UD-VKU Rector, co-head of the organizing committee (with Korean professors) at the conference    
 Meanwhile, as part of the ATC’s 2023 conference, a workshop on semiconductor circuit technology entitled “  New trends in semiconductor circuit technology   ” took place with presentations by experts from the Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute (ETRI), Korea. At the workshop, specialists in the field of semiconductor microchips and representatives of managers and tertiary training institutions had a discussion on developing human resources to design and manufacture semiconductor microchips for Vietnam under current conditions. Sharing from different perspectives of experts will help higher education institutions develop appropriate semiconductor microchips training strategies and plans that suit the current context of the country, contributing to meeting the human resource demands for this field in the coming time.   
 Delegates and scientists took photos at the closing section    
 The International Conference on Advanced Technologies for Communications (The ATC’s 2023 conference-16  th  edition) has once again affirmed its prestige and professional quality, serving as a bridge between domestic and international scientists who can together devote their intelligence, science and technology in the fields of electronics and communications to promote scientific development in the country and the world. On behalf of the Radio and Electronics Association of Vietnam, Dr. Doan Quang Hoan – Vice President and General Secretary of the REV Association, Head of the Organizing Committee called for paper submissions and handed over flags to the representative of the Academy of Posts and Telecommunications who will host the ATC’s 2024 conference in Ho Chi Minh City.   
 Some pictures:   
 15/11/2024  VKU: Opening Ceremony of the 2024 Winter Camp for Outstanding High School Students in Informatics from the Central – Central Highlands   
 On the morning of November 14, 2024, the Opening ceremony of the 2024 Winter Camp for Outstanding High School Students in Informatics from the Central – Central Highlands was held at Vietnam-Korea University of Information and Communication Technology (VKU), the University of Danang. This is the first time VKU has hosted the Winter Camp in […]  
 13/11/2024  VKU discusses collaboration with Fundgo Investment Fund and Pocket Company, Korea to enhance training and support for student startups   
 On the afternoon of November 12, 2024, Vietnam – Korea University of Information and Communication Technology (VKU), the University of Danang had a meeting with the delegation of Fundgo Creative Startup Investment Fund and Pocket Company (Korea). Overview of the meeting Attending the meeting, on behalf of FundGo Fund, there were Mr. Nguyen Chi Cong […]  
 09/11/2024  VKU Discusses Cooperation with the Danang Hi-tech Park General Service Center   
 On the morning of November 8, 2024, Vietnam-Korea University of Information and Communication Technology (VKU), the University of Danang, had a working session with the Danang Hi-tech Park General Service Center (DSC) to discuss cooperation in connecting and coordinating activities between laboratories. Overview of the meeting On behalf of DSC, there was Mr. Ngo Tan […]  
 Union  
  Newsletter 
 Copyright belongs to Vietnam-Korea University of Information and Communications Technology – University of Danang 2023  
