Skip to content    ALGO 2023   
        Home  Home 
  ALGOCLOUD 
  ALGOWIN | (former ALGOSENSORS) 
  ATMOS 
  IPEC 
  ESA 
  Social Program 
 ATMOS  
 2023   
 23rd Symposium on Algorithmic Approaches for Transportation Modeling, Optimization and Systems   
 Scope  
 The ATMOS 2023 symposium will be held in connection with ALGO 2023  in Amsterdam, The Netherlands on September 7-8, 2023.  
 Invited Speaker  
 Schedule  
 Thursday, September 7, 2023 – room L016  
 Friday, September 8, 2023 – room L016  
 Important Dates  
 Submission deadline: | June 30, 2023 | July 8, 2023 | (AoE) 
  Notification to authors: July 31, 2023 
  Camera ready submission: August 7, 2023 
  Symposium: September 7-8, 2023 
  ATMOS Best Paper Award  
 Akira Matsubayashi and Yushi Saito received the ATMOS Best Paper Award for the contribution  
  A Faster Algorithm for Recognizing Directed Graphs Invulnerable to Braess’s Paradox.   
 Accepted Papers  
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings will be published on the Dagstuhl Open Access Series in Informatics (OASIcs) publication service.  
 Paper submission  
 Authors are invited to submit high-quality manuscripts reporting original unpublished research in the topics related to the symposium. Simultaneous submission to other journals or conferences with published proceedings is not allowed. By submitting a paper the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance, at least one of the authors must register at ALGO/ATMOS 2023, attend the conference on-site, and present the paper.  
  ATMOS 2023 accepts two types of submissions, both of which will be reviewed with the same quality standards by the Program Committee.  
  Regular paper submissions  : A regular paper submission should clearly motivate the importance of the problem being addressed, discuss prior work and its relationship to the paper, explicitly and precisely state its key contributions, and outline the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main results. A regular paper submission should not exceed 12 pages including title page and abstract, but excluding references and an optional appendix. Authors should include all necessary details in their submission so that the Program Committee can judge the correctness, importance and originality of their work. Any material (e.g., proofs or experimental results) omitted (from the main part of 12 pages) due to space limitations can be put into the optional appendix, which will be read at the Program Committee’s discretion. Regular papers will be allotted up to 20 pages in the proceedings.  
  Short paper  submissions  : A short paper submission may present preliminary results or work-in-progress on a specific topic. Authors should clearly motivate the importance of the problem being addressed, discuss prior work and its relationship to the paper, explicitly and precisely state the paper’s key contributions, and outline the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. A short paper submission should have at least 4 and at most 6 pages. Authors should provide sufficient details in their submission so that the Program Committee can judge the correctness, importance and originality of their work. Short papers will be allotted up to 6 pages in the proceedings.  
 Program committee  
 Valentina Cacchiani, University of Bologna, Italy 
  Christos Zaroliagis, University of Patras, Greece (Chair) 
 ALGO 2023   
 Imprint   
