  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Visas 
  Venue 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Submission 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Visas 
  Venue 
  Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Registration 
  Sponsorship 
 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 
  About BROADNETS 2023   
 The current roll-out of 5G mobile internet networks continue to drive forward smart services, machine-to-machine communications, and connected transport. The city’s technology industry focus includes the cloud, big data analytics, and mobility – most notably in the field of autonomous transport. With the evolution of 5G over the last few years, the term ‘5G’ means different things to different groups. To the consumer it’s all been about faster public networks and downloads via 5G NSA (non-standalone); for the new use-cases the endeavor was to build upon high speeds and ultra-low latency facility, building machine to machine and private networks; and for the R&D community effort went in to evolving new software defined radio (SDR) algorithms and PHY solutions and applicable use cases. However, the 5G SA (standalone) private networks revolution did not move to deployment as quickly as hoped to open the era of the Internet of Everything. Visible Light Communication (VLC) and Light Fidelity (LiFi) technologies are among the potential candidates that are expected to be utilized in the future 5G networks due to their indoor energy-efficient communications. The scope of this conference is the 5G-enabled digital society. As one of the important infrastructures of the digital economy, some important progresses in key technologies have been made for 5G network. For different digital social scenarios, key technologies, scenarios and practical application systems derived from the combination of 5G, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence technologies. In addition, 5G network and information security for the digital society is also one of the focuses of this conference. It brings together thought leaders from industry, academia and other institutions to exchange information and ideas on advancing the state-of-the-art in wireless communications and networking.  
  Topics   
  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library: BROADNETS Conference Proceedings  .  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Additional publication opportunities:  
 Important dates  
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  11 January 2024  
  Notification deadline   
  26 January 2024  
  Registration Opens   
  29 January 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  4 February 2024  
  Start of Conference   
  16 February 2024  
  End of Conference   
  17 February 2024   
 Previous BROADNETS editions  
 2022  – Harbin, People’s Republic of China  
 Follow us   
 © 2023 BROADNETS | EAI   
 Manage Cookie Consent   
