  Registration 
  Program | Accepted papers 
  Submission | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Visas 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Registration 
  Program | Accepted papers 
  Submission | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Practical Info | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Visas 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
 |      
 EAI BROADNETS  2022 was held as  a fully-fledged online conference   .   
 EAI BROADNETS 2022 – 13th EAI International Conference on Broadband Communications, Networks, and Systems   
 March 12-13, 2023  
  Harbin, People’s Republic of China  
  New conference dates  
  EAI BROADNETS is a top-ranked  
  conference venue for researchers:  
  CORE conference ranking: B   .  
 BROADNETS authors have enjoyed  
 THANK YOU FOR PARTICIPATING IN BROADNETS 2022!  
  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in Broadnets 2022!   
 Next edition   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  
 Paper Submission is now open for the 13th edition of BROADNETS! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of BROADNETS here  .    
 BROADNETS 2022 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    
 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 
 Update:  Proceedings have been published in SpringerLink Digital Library  .  
  About BROADNETS 2022   
 Compared with 4G, 5G has the characteristics of higher speed, lower latency and wider coverage. The most important breakthrough of 5G is to expand the communication between people to the communication between people and things, and between things. It opens the era of the Internet of Everything. The technical characteristics and application scenarios of 5G make it an important engine for the development of the digital economy. Digital transformation continues to extend from manufacturing to construction, energy, transportation, medical care, smart cities and other fields. New models and formats such as 5G+ autonomous driving, 5G+ smart grid, and 5G+ distance education are emerging. The smooth experience promotes the in-depth use of 5G users in mobile video, social networking and other fields. Short video has become the TOP1 application of 5G. The scope of this conference is the 5G-enabled digital society. As one of the important infrastructures of the digital economy, some important progresses in key technologies have been made for 5G network . For different digital social scenarios, key technologies, scenarios and practical application systems derived from the combination of 5G, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence technologies. In addition, 5G network and information security for the digital society is also one of the focuses of this conference.The conference seeks innovative research works in the following areas, but are not limited to,5G/6G and Use cases of 5G/6G systemSoftware defined networking-enabled system Internet of Things (IoT)-enabled Smart Systems Cloud-to-things system Edge cooperative computing Fog computing Vehicle networks Smart City Smart Grid Digital twin sDistributed systems security Trust Access Control Data privacy and integrity  
  Topics   
 The conference seeks innovative research works in the following areas, but are not limited to:  
 5G/6G and Use cases of 5G/6G systems 
  Software defined networking-enabled system 
  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library: BROADNETS Conference Proceedings  .  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Inspec, and Zentralblatt MATH.   
 Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Important dates  
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  16 December 2022  
  Notification deadline   
  23 December 2022  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  23 February 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  12 March 2023  
  End of Conference   
  13 March 2023  
 Previous BROADNETS editions  
 Follow us   
 © 2022 BROADNETS | EAI   
 Manage Cookie Consent   
