  Conference Publishing Services | Get a Quote 
  CPS Dashboard 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  CPS Organizer FAQ 
  PUBLICATIONS | Find the latest in advanced computing research.  VISIT THE DIGITAL LIBRARY 
  ComputingEdge  Magazine 
  Tech News Blog 
  Peer Review Resources | Author Guidelines 
  Reviewer Information 
  Guest Editor Information 
  Peer Review Content 
  Volunteer Opportunities 
  Publish | Author Resources 
  Calls for Papers 
  Publish Open Access 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  Leadership Network | Society Leadership 
  Boards & Committees 
 Home  / Conferences     
 CLOSED: Call for Papers: IEEE BSN 2023  
 9 - 11 October 2023 | Boston, MA, USA   
 Share this on:           
 Submissions Due: 5 June 2023   
 Important Dates  
 Full Paper (4-pages) Deadline: 5 June 2023 
  Paper Acceptance Notification: 21 July 2023 
  Conference: 9-11 October 2023 
   IEEE-EMBS 19th International Conference on Body Sensor Networks – Sensors and Systems for Digital Health  ( IEEE BSN  ) is the premier conference in the areas of sensors and systems for digital health. Celebrating the 20 years of IEEE BSN, the conference will embrace its new branding for “Sensors and Systems for Digital Health.” Sponsored by the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society (IEEE-EMBS), the conference will be co-located with the IEEE-EMBS Conference on Healthcare Innovation and Point-of-Care Technologies (IEEE HI-POCT) in Boston.  
 IEEE BSN will bring together leaders and experts in academia, industry, healthcare, and non-profit organizations and provide a cross-disciplinary, highly selective, and single-track forum for cutting-edge research related to devices and sensors, hardware and software systems, predictive models, and data analytics in the healthcare/medical domains. Areas of interest include but are not limited to:  
 Novel digital health solutions (i.e., sensors and algorithms) for diagnosis, disease progress tracking, and self-management. 
  Prototyping of novel in-body, on-body, and off-body sensors and systems for digital health, wellness, and sports. 
  Human-centered design for digital healthcare to address real-world stakeholder needs. 
   Special Session – Clinical Abstract  
 New to this year’s conference, we invite the submission of clinical abstracts. Our goal is to bring together technical researchers and clinicians together to identify unmet clinical needs, explore potential technical solutions, and/or demonstrate the translation of novel technologies to clinical care. Abstracts will be non-archival.  
 We seek submissions from clinicians and teams partnering with clinicians on novel uses of digital health technologies. Abstracts could focus on introducing new clinical problems, preliminary successes, and demonstration of technological solutions relevant to the following topics. Teams will have the opportunity to present their work as posters and lightning talks and attend the full conference. These abstracts will focus on applications of digital health technologies in domains such as (but not limited to):  
 Clinical translation and application of digital health technologies in clinical settings or remote health settings. 
  Use of digital health technologies for diagnosis and treatment decision-making. 
  Point-of-care technologies for clinical care in remote and underserved settings. 
  Important  : The authors will have the option to submit the full paper version of their abstract to the journals of their choice. Our editorial team has established partnerships with Circulation: Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes   and Frontiers in Digital Health   to support concurrent or successive publication of the full paper version (instructions will be announced soon).  
  Submission​ ​Details  
 IEEE BSN 2023 will accept the following paper formats:  
 Full papers (4 pages) 
  Demo/Poster abstracts (1 page) 
  SUBMISSION SITE    
 Importance:  IEEE BSN 2023 will accept regular, workshop, demo, and poster papers. The Best Paper Award  and the BSN Service Award  will be presented at the conference. Excellent papers (e.g., Best Paper Award candidates) will be invited to extend their works for rapid review and publication in the IEEE Open Journal of Engineering in Medicine and Biology  ( OJEMB   )  or PLOS Digital Health   . IEEE OJEMB will waive the Article Processing Charges. In addition, Student Travel Awards  will be provided to selected students from worldwide institutions.  
 Recommended by IEEE Computer Society  
