  Lecture Notes in Informatics 
  Proceedings 
  BTW - Datenbanksysteme für Business, Technologie und Web 
  Konferenzbeitrag      BTW 2023 - Complete proceedings  ( BTW 2023,  2023  ) Köhnen, Christoph      mehr... 
  Konferenzbeitrag      WannaDB: Ad-hoc SQL Queries over Text Collections  ( BTW 2023,  2023  ) Hättasch, Benjamin  ;   Bodensohn, Jan-Micha  ;   Vogel, Liane  ;   Urban, Matthias  ;   Binnig, Carsten      mehr...      n this paper, we propose a new system called WannaDB that allows users to interactively perform structured explorations of text collections in an ad-hoc manner. Extracting structured data from text is a classical problem where a plenitude of approaches and even industry-scale systems already exists. However, these approaches lack in the ability to support the ad-hoc exploration of texts using structured queries. The main idea of WannaDB is to include user interaction to support ad-hoc SQL queries over text collections using a new two-phased approach. First, a superset of information nuggets from the texts is extracted using existing extractors such as named entity recognizers. Then, the extractions are interactively matched to a structured table definition as requested by the user based on embeddings. In our evaluation, we show that WannaDB is thus able to extract structured data from a broad range of (real-world) text collections in high quality without the need to design extraction pipelines upfront.    mehr... 
  Konferenzbeitrag      Efficient handling of recursive relationships in ORM frameworks using Entity Framework Core as an example  ( BTW 2023,  2023  ) Killisch, Benjamin Uwe      mehr...      ORM frameworks are a popular method to bridge the differences between object-oriented programming and relational data management. At the same time, recursive relationships are present in many schemas to represent tree-like or net-like structures. This paper discusses how to efficiently build and execute queries for data with recursive relationships in ORM frameworks. Five possible solutions are conceived and then implemented in Entity Framework Core (EF Core), while making sure that they can be used like regular LINQ queries. Next, the solutions are tested with different SQL dialects. The results of these tests are then analyzed by a variety of test parameters. This analysis shows that queries with recursive common table expressions and queries using key loading are the most efficient. Queries with auxiliary property, vertical unrolling or horizontal unrolling are either too slow or only usable under particular circumstances. The analysis also shows that the performance of the solutions is always dependent on the circumstances, especially the SQL dialect.    mehr... 
  Konferenzbeitrag      Explainable Data Matching: Selecting Representative Pairs with Active Learning Pair-Selection Strategies  ( BTW 2023,  2023  ) Laskowski, Lukas  ;   Sold, Florian      mehr...      In both research and enterprise, dirty data poses numerous challenges. Many data cleaning pipelines include a data deduplication step that detects and removes entries within a given dataset which refer to the same real-world entity. Throughout the development of such deduplication techniques, data scientists have to make sense of the large result sets that their matching solutions generate to quickly identify changes in behavior or to discover opportunities for improvements. We propose an approach that aims to select a small subset of pairs from the result set of a data matching solution which is representative of the matching solution’s overall behavior. To evaluate our approach, we show that the performance of a matching solution trained on pairs selected according to our strategy outperforms a randomly selected subset of pairs.    mehr... 
  Konferenzbeitrag      WebTensor: Towards high-performance raster data analysis in the browser  ( BTW 2023,  2023  ) Naumann, Lucas Fabian      mehr...      We present WebTensor, a chunked tensor implementation for WebAssembly (Wasm) compiled from C++ and designed to efficiently analyze raster data directly in the browser. WebTensor allows loading (chunked) data from various backends, manipulating it by aggregations and forwarding computed results in a zero-copy manner to JavaScript so that they can be further processed or visualized. We demonstrate the performance advantages of WebTensor by benchmarking data access and aggregation operations, and compare it against a JavaScript version of Webtensor compiled from the same C++ code.    mehr... 
  Konferenzbeitrag      Optimizing Query Processing in PostgreSQL Through Learned Optimizer Hints  ( BTW 2023,  2023  ) Thiessat, Jerome  ;   Woltmann, Lucas  ;   Hartmann, Claudio  ;   Habich, Dirk      mehr...      Query optimization in database systems is an important aspect and despite decades of research, it isstill far from being solved. Nowadays, query optimizers usually provide hints to be able to steer theoptimization on a query-by-query basis. However, setting the best-fitting hints is challenging. To tacklethat, we present a learning-based approach to predict the best-fitting hints for each incoming query. Inparticular, our learning approach is based on simple gradient boosting, where we learn one modelper query context for fine-grained predictions rather than a single global context-agnostic model asproposed in related work. We demonstrate the efficiency as well as effectiveness of our learning-basedapproach using the open-source database system PostgreSQL and show that our approach outperformsrelated work in that context.    mehr... 
 « 
