CCC 2023, July 17–20, Warwick, UK  
  Home  Call for papers  Venue  Program  Registration  Travel information    
 If you prefer to stay on campus, usually there are rooms available at Radcliffe  , Scarman  , or Arden (all managed by Warwick Conferences  ), which are conveniently located within a 5-min walk to the department. Other options are Coventry, Kenilworth and Leamington Spa. Coventry and Leamington have excellent train connections to London, Oxford, and Birmingham, and offer a variety of cafes and restaurants. Kenilworth is a quieter and older town with fewer restaurants and cafes, but offers a faster commute to Warwick. Check for airbnbs  and hotels  in these areas. For more information, please see Accommodation and local restaurants  .   
 Travel Allowances  
 Students may apply for travel allowances. Please see the application form  for more details, and submit your application by the stated deadline for full consideration.   
 Visa  
 Some attendees may need a visa to enter the United Kingdom and participate in the conference. See the UK government visa site  to check whether a visa is required and how to obtain one. If a visa is needed (likely to be a standard visitor visa  ), please get in touch with your local consulate as soon as possible; the process could take up to a couple of months. Please get in touch with the local arrangements committee  if you need a letter to obtain your visa.  
 Arriving in Warwick, UK  
  Join Mailing Lists  
 If you would like to receive announcements about future activities and events in complexity, you can subscribe to these mailing lists: Join CCF announcement list | - This list is maintained by the President and Secretary of CCF. Mailing list members remain on the list until they request to be removed or their email address no longer works. The mailing list receives no more than a handful of messages per year, which are all announcements regarding CCC or CCF. 
  Code of Conduct  
 The open exchange of ideas and the freedom of thought and expression are central to the aims and goals of CCC. These require an environment that recognizes the inherent worth of every person and group, that fosters dignity, understanding, and mutual respect, and that embraces diversity. The CCC'23 organizers are committed to providing an environment that is free of discrimination and harassment, and expect all participants to honor that commitment.  
 CCC 2023 is a participant in the SafeTOC  initiative. The SafeTOC volunteers for CCC 2023 are:  
 Mary Scott 
  Namrata 
 Please email the local arrangements team  .   
 Updated Jul 14, 2023