CCC'23: Call for Papers  
 Scope  
 The conference seeks original research papers in all areas of computational complexity theory, studying the absolute and relative power of computational models under resource constraints. We welcome contributions from all topics with connections to or motivated by questions in complexity theory, broadly construed. Papers that expand the reach of complexity theory, or raise important problems that can benefit from the perspective and techniques of computational complexity are encouraged. Possible topics include but are not limited to:  
 Complexity classes 
  machine learning 
 Submission  
 Format:  Submissions should start with a title page consisting of the title of the paper; each author's name, affiliation, and email address; and an abstract of 1-2 paragraphs summarizing the paper's contributions. A submission must contain within its first 10 pages  a clear presentation of the merits of the paper, including discussion of its importance, prior work, and an outline of key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims (similar to the content of a brief oral presentation). There is no bound on the total length of a submission, but material other than the abstract, references, and the first 10 pages is considered as supplementary and will be read at the committee's discretion.  
 Submissions should include proofs of all central claims.   
 The submission should be in single-column format, use at least 11-point font, and have standard margins and spacing between lines. Submissions deviating from these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits. Instructions for formatting camera-ready versions will be communicated to the authors of accepted papers.  
 Additional remarks:  In addition to the submission, authors may optionally send a short email to the program committee (PC) chair at ccc2023chair@easychair.org  containing any additional remarks for the PC, such as the relationship with independent/concurrent work, differences from prior versions conflict of interest statements, or clarifications concerning prior reviews of the work.  
 Conflict of interest:  We expect PC members and reviewers to recuse themselves from the evaluation of any submission, if they would not be able to give an objective opinion due to some conflict of interest (COI). Some examples why a COI may arise are being a thesis advisor, being an immediate family member or close friend, sharing a recent institutional affiliation or being a close collaborator. Any author may write to the PC chair at ccc2023chair@easychair.org  if there is a COI that may not be covered by the above measure. They need only give the names and affiliations of the people with whom a COI exists; no explanation is required. The COI will be held in confidence by the PC chair.  
 Simultaneous submission policy:  Material which has been previously published in a journal or another conference proceedings, or which is scheduled for publication prior to August 2023, will not be considered for acceptance. Simultaneous submission of the same or essentially the same material to another conference with published proceedings is not allowed.  
 Confidentiality:  All submissions will be treated as confidential, and will only be disclosed to the committee and their chosen sub-referees.  
 Publication  
 Online posting:  Authors are encouraged to post full versions of their submissions in a freely accessible on-line repository such as the Electronic Colloquium on Computational Complexity  or the arXiv  . It is hoped that authors of accepted papers will make full versions of their papers publicly available by the camera-ready deadline.  
 Proceedings:  The conference proceedings will be published under a Creative Commons  BY license in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics  (LIPIcs) series. Publication in the conference proceedings does not preclude subsequent journal publication.  
 Awards  
 Best student paper award:  This award will be given to the best paper written solely by one or more students as judged by the program committee. A paper is eligible if all authors are full-time students on the day of the submission deadline. Authors should indicate their eligibility by using the check-box for this on the submissions page. The program committee may decline to make the award or may split it among several papers. Funding for the best student paper award is provided by EATCS  .  
 Best paper award:  This award will be given to the best paper submitted to the conference as judged by the program committee. The program committee may decline to make the award or may split it among two or more papers. Full versions of the papers chosen by the program committee to receive the best paper award will be invited for submission to the Journal of the ACM  .  
 Special journal issue:  The program committee will invite full versions of a select number of conference submissions to a special issue of the journal Computational Complexity  .  
 Conference Information  
 Dates and location:  The conference will be held from Tuesday, July 18 to Thursday July 20, 2023  in Warwick, UK and will be preceded by a day of tutorials on Monday, July 17, 2023 ( TO BE CONFIRMED  )  . In case public health measures related to COVID-19 make physical events infeasible, they will be held in a virtual online format. The details of the conference format will be posted in due course.  
 Travel allowances:  In order to defray the costs of attending the conference, travel allowances will be offered to students and post-doctoral fellows. More information will be made available on the conference webpage in due time.  
 Visas:  A visa to enter the United Kingdom may be needed to attend the conference. See the UK government visa site  to check whether a visa is required and how to obtain it. If a visa is needed please get in touch with your local consulate as soon as possible; the process could take up to a couple of months. Please get in touch with the local arrangements committee if you need a letter to obtain your visa.  
 Code of conduct:  CCC 2023 is a participant in the SafeTOC initiative  . The open exchange of ideas and the freedom of thought and expression are central to the aims and goals of CCC. These require an environment that recognizes every person and group's inherent worth; fosters dignity, understanding, and mutual respect; and embraces diversity. The CCC'23 organizers are committed to providing an environment free of discrimination and harassment and expect all participants to honor that commitment.  
 Program Committee  
 Eli Ben-Sasson | , StarkWare 
  Andrej Bogdanov | , Chinese University of Hong Kong (until Jan 2023) and University of Ottawa (after Jan 2023) 
  Lijie Chen | , UC Berkeley 
  Alex Bredariol Grilo | , LIP6 (CNRS/Sorbonne Université) 
