  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
 Home 
  Newsletters 
  CODS-COIEEE/ACM CCGRID 2023 
 IEEE/ACM CCGRID 2023  
 November 30, 2022  
 IEEE/ACM CCGRID 2023  
  The 23rd IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing   
  In conjunction with the 7th IEEE International Conference on Fog and Edge Computing (ICFEC 2023)  
 May 1-4, 2023  
  Bangalore, India   
  The 23rd IEEE/ACM international Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing (CCGrid 2023) is a leading forum to disseminate and discuss research activities and results on a broad range of topics in distributed systems, ranging from computing clusters to widely distributed Clouds and emerging Internet computing paradigms such as Fog and Edge Computing to support Internet of Things (IoT) and Big Data applications. The conference will feature keynotes, technical presentations, posters, workshops, tutorials, as well as the SCALE challenge featuring live demonstrations and the ICFEC 2023 conference. The conference places special emphasis on all aspects of equity, diversity and inclusion in systems research. The conference will be held as an in-person event.  
 We, as the CCGrid community, are committed, both individually and collectively, to nurturing diversity and inclusion, sustaining a climate of mutual respect, and fostering a collaborative and supportive environment wherein everyone is empowered to succeed.  
 IMPORTANT DATES (AoE)   
 Abstract Submission | : Dec 5, 2022 (Updated) 
  Research Paper Submission | : Dec 12, 2022 (Updated) 
  Author Notifications | ;: Jan 27, 2023 
  Camera Ready | : Mar 17, 2023 
  CALL FOR RESEARCH PAPERS AND ARTIFACTS   
 We solicit original unpublished research contributions on all aspects of distributed systems and applications in the context of Cluster, Cloud, and Internet computing environments. Topics of interest include but are not limited to: HARDWARE SYSTEMS AND NETWORKING | Storage and I/O Systems; Sustainable and Green Computing; and Architecture, Networking and Data Centers for Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing. 
  APPLICATIONS AND TRANSLATION | AI/ML, Cyber-Physical Systems, e-Health, IoT, Digital Twins, Autonomous systems, Cyber-Security, Privacy, and Enterprise applications for Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing; Applications for Cloud-to-Things continuum. 
  ARTIFACTS   
  Starting this year, CCGRID will be accepting code/data artifacts as supplemental material for accepted papers. These will be reviewed by an Artifact Evaluation committee, examining 1) if the artifacts are available and 2) if they are evaluated, and those that pass will be awarded Reproducibility Badges, specifically "Open Research Objects (ORO)" and "Research Objects Reviewed (ROR)" for the accepted paper on IEEE Xplore. Submission of the artifacts is optional, and will be solicited after the research paper acceptance. More details will be posted soon.  
 SUBMISSION WEBSITE   
 SPONSORED BY   
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
