www.cerias.purdue.edu 
  Agenda 
  Information | Registration  Poster Archive  Symposium Archive   Travel Information  Campus Map 
  2023 SYMPOSIUM OVERVIEW  
 The 24th annual CERIAS Security Symposium will bring together experts and practitioners from all areas of cyber and cyber-physical systems with interests in security, privacy, resiliency, autonomy, trusted electronics, and explainable AI. Attendees will consist of a mix of academic, industry, government and military representatives who are interested in learning new and innovative ways to secure our future. Join us as we celebrate the 25th anniversary of CERIAS!  
 2023 INDIANA STATEWIDE CYBERSECURITY SUMMIT  
 Raising Indiana’s Cybersecurity Awareness   
  The 2nd Indiana Statewide Academic Alliance Summit  will be held as part of the CERIAS Symposium on day 1. Universities from across Indiana will present their research and initiatives in Lightning Talks.   
 Cybersecurity literacy is increasingly vital to business executives and leaders across industries, sectors and nations. Cyber attackers, ranging from hacktivists to organized crime networks to nation-states are targeting vulnerable networks and are frequently successful in stealing funds as well as valuable intellectual property. Cybersecurity is central to economic competitiveness and national security. Indiana’s universities are undertaking groundbreaking research and have robust operational capabilities that can help in this fight.  
 Printable Agenda  Booklet (PDF)  No agenda at this time.   
       @cerias  , #cerias  LinkedIn:  CERIAS Page  | Alumni, Staff and Friends Group    
 Research Posters  
 2023 Posters 
  Poster Archive 
 For More Information…  
 For further information on the symposium or current and future CERIAS initiatives, contact:  
 Joel Rasmus  CERIAS  
  Managing Director  
  E-mail: info@cerias.purdue.edu   
 Archives  
 2024 Trustworthiness of AI, Cyber-physical, Where Code Meets Chip 
  2022 Trusted and Fair AI, Securing Digital Healthcare, Secure Software Supply-chain 
  2023 20th Anniversary of the Grand Challenges in Trustworthy Computing Report, The Intersection of Space and Cybersecurity, Indiana Statewide Cybersecurity Summit 
  2022 Trusted and Fair AI, Securing Digital Healthcare, Secure Software Supply-chain 
  Copyright © 2024, Purdue University, all rights reserved. Purdue University is an equal access/equal opportunity university.  
  If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the CERIAS webmaster at webmaster@cerias.purdue.edu  . Some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. Please visit our plug-ins page  for links to download these applications.  
  Privacy Policy