 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Psychology 
  Computer-Human Interaction in Play CHI PLAY 2023 
 Computer-Human Interaction in Play CHI PLAY 2023  
   Stratford & Online, Canada  
   Submission Deadline: Tuesday 21 Feb 2023   
   Conference Dates: Oct 10, 2023 - Oct 13, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 We invite contributions to CHI PLAY across a variety of research techniques, methods, approaches, and domains, including, but not limited to:  
  Playful interactions and new game mechanics  
  Multimedia (20.10%) 
  Human–computer interaction, Game design, Multimedia, Social psychology and Virtual reality are the subjects of interest in Annual Symposium on Computer-Human Interaction in Play. Human–computer interaction research featured in the conference incorporates concerns from various other topics such as Context (language use) and Process (engineering). The studies tackled, which mainly focus on Game design, apply to Game mechanics as well.  
 The main emphasis of the event is the subject of Game mechanics, focusing on Video game design. The conference investigates Multimedia research which frequently intersects with Session (computer science). The work on Social psychology tackled in it brings together disciplines like Video game and Applied psychology.  
 The work tackled in Annual Symposium on Computer-Human Interaction in Play goes beyond the discipline of Virtual reality as it also encompasses Immersion (virtual reality).  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Annual Symposium on Computer-Human Interaction in Play:  
 Human–computer interaction, Social psychology, Game design, Multimedia and Game mechanics are the main subjects of interest in the conference publications. In addition to Human–computer interaction research, the most cited articles aim to explore topics under Eye tracking and Conceptual framework. The published articles facilitate discussions on Social psychology that incorporate concepts from other fields like Social play, Perception and Player experience.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Artificial intelligence 
  The Internet 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 Annual Symposium on Computer-Human Interaction in Play explores disciplines such as Human–computer interaction, Game design, Virtual reality, Process (engineering) and Social psychology. The research on Human–computer interaction tackled can also make contributions to studies in the areas of Event (computing), Video game and Relation (database). The research on Video game discussed in Annual Symposium on Computer-Human Interaction in Play draws on the closely related field of Applied psychology.  
 The featured Game design studies mainly concentrate on Internet privacy but also cover areas of interest in Context (language use). It connects research in Virtual reality with the related topic of Artifact (software development). The study on Process (engineering) presented in the conference intersects with subjects under the field of Entertainment.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
 Viruscape: A Microscopic Adventure Game to Guide Conceptual Learning of SARS-CoV-2 Mechanisms (0 citations) 
  Wander: A breath-control Audio Game to Support Sound Sleep (0 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  Daniel Johnson | (29 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Jessica Hammer | (23 papers) | published 3 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 Vienna, Austria  
 CHI Play 2022   
 Nov 02, 2022 - Nov 05, 2022  
 Bremen, Germany  
 Computer-Human Interaction in Play CHI PLAY 2023   
 Oct 10, 2023 - Oct 13, 2023  
 Stratford & Online, Canada  
  Best Online Master’s in Organizational Management Programs in 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 Computer-Human Interaction in Play CHI PLAY 2023  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
