  MENU     
 IEEE CIBCB and BBTC  
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    
   Home 
  CIBCB 2024 
  Registration CIBCB 2024 
  BBTC members 
  Contact 
 20th IEEE Conference on Computational Intelligence in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology  
 29-31 August, 2023 – Eindhoven, The Netherlands  
 Important dates   
 Tutorial proposals  
 February 10, 2023   
 Special  
  sessions  
 January 13, 2023   
 Paper submission  
 March 31, 2023   
 EXTENDED  
  April 14, 2023   
 Short paper submission  
 July 2, 2023   
 Paper acceptance  
 June 2, 2023   
 Final submission  
 June 30, 2023   
 Call for papers  📣  
 Register to IEEE CIBCB 2023    
 Program of the conference  📅 (updated Aug 29)  
 Conference Proceedings  📑 (updated Aug 28)  
 Short Papers  📑  
 Tutorials   
 We are glad to announce that the following tutorials have been accepted for CIBCB 2023:  
 Interpretable AI with mixed data-sets in pyFUME 
  User-Friendly Rapid Analysis of Sequencing Data using Basestack, Mytax, and AGAVE 
 Instructions for authors  
 Submissions are closed  . The use of artificial intelligence (AI)–generated text in an article shall be disclosed in the acknowledgments section of the paper. The sections of the paper that use AI-generated text shall have a citation to the AI system used to generate the text.  
 Regular papers   
 Please follow the Final Submission Instructions  to submit our Camera-Ready paper.   
 Short papers and posters (will be included on the conference website but not IEEExplore)  
 Short papers may present preliminary findings from work in progress, and industry perspectives on issues relevant to CIBCB 2023. Short papers should present and discuss a clear and focused central idea, incorporate discussion of relevant research or context, and provide references, as necessary. Short papers must adhere to the IEEE conference template  and have a length of no more than two (2) pages. Papers must be in PDF and written in English. Short papers will be desk reviewed by the CIBCB 2023 organizational committee. Submission implies the willingness of at least one of the authors to register and present the paper at the conference. Short papers can be presented as a poster  or as a short talk  session (5 minutes).  
 Please note that TU/e students  can present a poster  during the poster session for a strongly discounted price  ( € 25  ). The discounted registration fee gives access to the welcome drink  but does not grant access to the rest of the conference.  
 Download the sample short paper.   
 Posters instructions  
 Special issue  
 Selected regular papers, after a substantial extension  , will be considered for publication in special issue of BMC Bioinformatics  . These invited papers will undergo the normal review process  of the journal. The selection will be done after the conference by the conference committee  and the authors will be informed if their papers are being considered for the special issue.  
 Registration fees  
 Early bird (EURO)  
  By June 30 | Late and on-site registration (EURO)  
  After June 30 
 Discounted price for poster + welcome drink (only TU/e students) | TU/e students  can present a poster  for a discounted price ( € 25  ). The discounted fee only gives access to the poster session  and the welcome drink  afterwards. 
 Register to IEEE CIBCB 2023 now   .  
 Travel allowances and grants  
 Travel allowance sponsored by the Centre for Living Technologies  
   The CLT has sponsored two travel allowances for two PhD students (one for EU and one for extra-EU students). The deadline was June 30, 2023.  
 Travel grants sponsored by the CLT ✈    
 Travel grants sponsored by the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society   
 The IEEE Computational Intelligence Society (CIS) is pleased to offer three types of Travel grants  to the IEEE CIS members who are interested to present their papers in-person  at IEEE CIBCB 2023:  
 IEEE CIS Conference Travel Grant for Students | : This program offers a limited number of grants to assist IEEE-CIS Student Members to present papers at IEEE CIS conferences 
  IEEE CIS Conference Travel Grant for Researchers from Developing Countries | : This program offers a limited number of travel grants to assist IEEE-CIS Members of any grade higher than Student to present papers at IEEE CIS conferences. 
  IEEE CIS “Industry Early Career” Travel Grant | : This program offers a limited number of travel grants to assist IEEE-CIS Members | working in industry | , who are | within 2 years of their graduation | , to present papers at IEEE CIS conferences 
   For any queries regarding the grants, please contact the CIS travel grants subcommittee chair Dr. Hemant Singh ( h.singh@adfa.edu.au  ).   
 The applications can be submitted after the paper decision notifications have been sent, up to the deadline of 30 June 2023  . The outcomes will be communicated by approximately late July  .  
 How to become an IEEE CIS member?  
