CiE 2023   
 Home 
  Contact 
 Computability in Europe 2023  
 Unity of Logic and Computation  
 24-28 July 2023, Batumi, Georgia  
 About CiE 2023  
 The event is the 19th conference organized by CiE (Computability in Europe)  , a European association of mathematicians, logicians, computer scientists, philosophers, physicists and others interested in new developments in computability and their underlying significance for the real world. The conference will be held in hybrid mode.   
 When  
 Monday to Friday  
  24-28 July, 2023  
 Speakers  
 Submissions  
 Conference Topics | The CiE conferences serve as an interdisciplinary forum for research in all aspects of computability, foundations of computer science, logic, and theoretical computer science, as well as the interplay of these areas with practical issues in computer science and with other disciplines such as biology, mathematics, philosophy, or physics. 
  Paper Submission | THE PROGRAM COMMITTEE cordially invites all researchers, European and non-European, to submit their papers in all areas related to the above for presentation at the conference and inclusion in the proceedings of CiE 2023 at EasyChair  .  
 Papers to be considered in the conferences proceedings must be submitted in PDF format, using the LNCS style (see Springer conference proceedings guidelines  ) and must have a maximum of 12 pages, including references but excluding a possible appendix in which one can include proofs and other additional material. Papers building bridges between different parts of the research community are particularly welcome. 
  Informal Presentations | Continuing the tradition of past CiE conferences, we invite researchers to present informal presentations of their recent work. A proposal for an informal presentation must be submitted via EasyChair  , using the LNCS style (see Springer conference proceedings guidelines  ), and be 1 page long; a brief description of the results suffices and an abstract is not required. Informal presentations will not be published in the LNCS conference proceedings. Results presented as informal presentations at CiE 2023 may appear or may have appeared in other conferences with formal proceedings and/or in journals. 
  Important Dates | Article submission deadline: | February 15, 2023 | (AoE) 
  Author notification: | April 20, 2023 
  Camera-ready due: | May 1, 2023 
  Informal presentations deadline: | June 8, 2023 | (acceptance notifications will be sent a few days after submission) 
  Early registration deadline: | June 18, 2023 
 Travel Grants  
 Application for travel grants is overdue.  
 Women in Computability | We are happy to announce that within the framework of the Women in Computability program, we are able to offer some grants for junior women researchers who want to participate in CiE 2023. Applications for this grant should be sent to Liesbeth de Mol, liesbeth.de-mol@univ-lille.fr  , before May 15, 2023  and include a short cv (at most 2 pages) and contact information for an academic reference. Preference will be given to junior women researchers who are presenting a paper (including informal presentations) at CiE 2023. 
  ASL Student Travel Award | We are happy to announce that the Association for Symbolic Logic (ASL) is offering Student Travel Awards  for ASL members  who want to participate in CiE 2023. Applications for this award should be submitted to the ASL office before April 24, 2023  . For more details, please consult the Student Travel Awards page  or contact Shannon Miller, the ASL administrator, at asl@uconn.edu  . 
 Program  
 The conference proceedings are officially available since July 18, 2023.  
  Anriette Bishara | , | Lia Kurtanidze | , | Mikheil Rukhaia | and | Lali Tibua | . | Unranked Probabilistic Logic 
  Temur Kutsia | , | Mircea Marin | and | Mikheil Rukhaia | . | Tolerance-Based Techniques for Approximate Reasoning 
  Tentative Schedule | Times / Days | Monday, July 24 | Tuesday, July 25 | Wednesday, July 26 | Thursday, July 27 | Friday, July 28 
 Venue  
 Conference venue is located in the Batumi city center. The conference will be held in hybrid mode.   
 Batumi Shota Rustaveli State University  
 To reserve a room, please send details to erapalace@gmail.com  with subject "CiE 2023 reservation".  
 Hotel Chao   
 To reserve a room, please send details to info@hotelchao.ge  with subject "CiE 2023 reservation".  
 Hilton Batumi   
 Registration  
 Please note that the Early registration deadline is June 18, 2023  (included) and the Late registration deadline is July 10, 2023  (included)  
 Online participation registration deadline is extended to July 20, 2023  (included)  
 At least one author of accepted paper should register with regular/student fee.   
 Refund policy:   
  no refund of online participation fee.  
  Refund will be possible for requests received until July 10, 2023 (included).  
  No refund is possible for requests received after July 10, 2023.   
 Online Participation  
