COCOON 2023 
  Conference Photos 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Final Paper Submission 
  Conference Program 
  Registration 
 Call for Papers  
  The 29th International Computing and Combinatorics Conference (COCOON 2023) will be held in Honolulu, Hawaii, USA during December 15-17, 2023. Normally, COCOON is held in summer. For 2023, we hope to have a face-to-face conference and hence give enough time for oversea participants to apply for a visa.  Original research papers in the areas of algorithms, theory of computation, computational complexity, and combinatorics related to computing are solicited. In addition to theoretical results, we are particularly interested in submissions that report on experimental and applied research of general algorithmic interest. Special consideration will be given to research that is motivated by real-world problems. Experimental and applied papers are expected to show convincingly the usefulness and efficiency of the algorithms discussed in a practical setting.  
 The conference proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science   series. The topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Algorithms and Data Structures 
  Algorithmic Game Theory and Online Algorithms 
   Paper Submission  
 The submission should contain scholarly exposition of ideas techniques, and results, including the motivation and a clear comparison with related work. The length of the submission should not exceed 12 pages in LNCS style (including references, but excluding the optional appendix). Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are available in Overleaf   .  
 Submitted papers must describe work not previously published. They must not be submitted simultaneously to any other conference with refereed proceedings or to journals. We regard the following case as a simultaneous submission. Submission of drafts which contain the essentially same results from papers under review in other conferences or journals at the moment of the submission. Only electronic PDF submission will be allowed via the Springer Online Conference System. Please submit your paper here   .  
 For the complete author guideline, please access Springer's official Springer_Instructions_for_Authors_of_Proceedings_CS.pdf   .  
 Publication  
 The conference proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Previous COCOON proceedings can be found through Previous COCOON Papers   .  
 After the conference selected papers will be published in special issues of journals: Journal of Combinatorial Optimization and Theoretical Computer Science.  
 Awards  
 The Best Paper and the Best Student Paper will be awarded. A paper is eligible for the Best Student Paper if all authors are full-time students at the time of submission. To indicate that a submission is eligible, please add the phrase "Eligible for best student paper" as the last sentence in the "Abstract" field in the web form on the submission server as well as in the paper.