 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  IEEE Conference on Games (IEEE CoG) 
 IEEE Conference on Games (IEEE CoG)  
   Boston, United States  
   Submission Deadline: Friday 17 Mar 2023   
   Conference Dates: Aug 21, 2023 - Aug 24, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 2.30   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
  The conference investigates areas of study like Artificial intelligence, Machine learning, Computational intelligence, Human–computer interaction and Evolutionary computation. Topics in Artificial intelligence explored in Computational Intelligence and Games were investigated in conjunction with research in Monte Carlo tree search and Game theory. Monte Carlo method and Tree (data structure) are the foundational disciplines used for the Monte Carlo tree search research featured in the event.  
 The event explores research in Machine learning and the adjacent study of Video game. Many of the studies tackled connect Evolutionary computation with a similar field of study like Evolutionary algorithm. While the event focused on Game mechanics, it was also able to explore topics like Game design and Combinatorial game theory.  
 The presented Game design research focuses mostly on Non-cooperative game and, on occasion, topics in Repeated game. The majority of Repeated game studies are focused on the issues of Simultaneous game. Combinatorial game theory research presented falls under the umbrella topic of Sequential game.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Computational Intelligence and Games:  
 The conference papers tackle a plethora of topics, such as Artificial intelligence, Machine learning, Human–computer interaction, Computational intelligence and Game design. The published papers tackle studies in Video game and the interrelated subject of Monte Carlo tree search to gain insights into Artificial intelligence. Issues in Game design were discussed in the most cited publications, taking into consideration concepts from other disciplines like Game mechanics and Non-cooperative game.  
 Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  Mike Preuss | (18 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Kyung-Joong Kim | (15 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 3 less than at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  Maastricht University | (15 papers) | published 3 papers at the last edition, 
  Sejong University | (14 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 3 less than at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 IEEE Conference on Games   
 Aug 21, 2022 - Aug 24, 2022  
 Beijing, China  
 IEEE Conference on Games (IEEE CoG)   
 Aug 21, 2023 - Aug 24, 2023  
 Boston, United States  
  Fastest Online Master's in Applied Behavior Analysis for 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 IEEE Conference on Games (IEEE CoG)  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
