Skip to content    
 CogSIMA 2023   
 Where Cognitive Science meets Computer Science  
 Submissions  
 LATE-BREAKING call for Poster Presentation Abstracts    
 All presented Abstracts must present original and unpublished work that is not currently under review elsewhere. Abstracts will be evaluated according to their significance, originality, technical content, style, clarity, and relevance to the conference. At least one author for each accepted Proposal is required to attend the conference.  
 Two types of Abstracts will be accepted during this late-breaking submission process:  
 Extended Abstract (“Flash”) Presentation ( 1-2 pages  ): | describe new work to be performed that advance the state-of-the-art. Each accepted Extended Abstract will be allocated approximately time for an oral presentation during the conference (if associated with a Focus Session), or otherwise scheduled during the | Flash Oral Presentation | block of the Program Schedule. Posters associated with these talks will be given time allocated in the conference schedule for attendees to browse selected posters and discuss with presenters the work in detail. 
  Poster Presentation  Only ( 1-2 pages   ): | describe work in progress. Each accepted poster session proposal will be given time allocated in the conference schedule for attendees to browse selected posters and discuss with presenters the work in detail. Submissions to this category will not be eligible for participation in the flash presentations. 
  Please note that submissions are due 02 Oct 2023  .   
 NOTE: Posters should be prepared with a size of 4 feet x 3 feet (horizontal/landscape format)   
 Submitted abstracts should clearly indicate on the first page the submission type (Flash Oral Presentation + Poster or  Poster Presentation only)  . All abstract submissions will be handled electronically via EasyChair. Authors should prepare a Portable Document Format (PDF) version of their full paper in the EPiC series format, including figures and correct margins. We recommend using the stylesheet templates provided by EasyChair for consistent formatting and guidelines  .  
 Please Submit via EasyChair HERE  and be sure to select “CogSIMA 2023 Late-Breaking Poster Abstract Submissions”   from the list of Tracks. Abstracts submitted to the Full and Short Papers track will not be considered for evaluation.  
 Further information on submission guidelines and author requirements are below.  
  CogSIMA Topics include, but are not limited to:   
 Cognitive Situation Management – Foundations & Models   
 Of interest to CogSIMA research initiative are foundational approaches representing and/or modeling cognitive and computational situation management processes, workflows, components, etc. Paper topics within this category may include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Advances in conceptual frameworks, architectures, models or other formalizations of situation management, decision support, and control 
  Scale in situation awareness (public vs. organizational vs. team vs. individual; distributed vs. shared awareness) 
 Integration, Teaming, and Augmentation of Human-Machine Systems   
 Of interest to CogSIMA research initiative is human-machine integration. Understanding models of human cognition, computational representations of human understanding, and integrations between these representations to enable the teaming and coordination between humans and their cyber-physical assets.  
 Brain-computer interfaces and neuroengineering 
  Neuroergonomics 
  Collective Situation Management and Control   
  Of interest to CogSIMA research initiative is distributed situation awareness requirement the creation, organization, and interactions of a collective for situation management and control. Paper topics within this category may include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Collective intelligence and emergent behavior in situation management 
  Cooperation and collaboration in teams 
  Situation Management Applications   
  Of interest to CogSIMA research initiative are examples of application of situation management methodologies, algorithms, or techniques within real world domains including commercial, military, civilian, etc. Paper topics within this category may include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Pandemic and disaster situation awareness, response, and recovery 
  Cyber security situation awareness and control 
  Resilient systems for situation management 
  Identification and mitigation of Fake news 
   DUE DATES   
 LATE-BREAKING Poster Abstraction submission  : 02 October 2023  
 Regular Papers submission  : 01 July 2023   
 Poster Papers submission  : 01 July 2023   
  Paper and Poster Submission Guidelines and Publication    
 Submitted papers should clearly indicate on the first page the submission type. All paper submissions will be handled electronically via EasyChair. Authors should prepare a Portable Document Format (PDF) version of their full paper in the EPiC series format, including figures and correct margins. We recommend using the stylesheet templates provided by EasyChair for consistent formatting and guidelines  . Papers will be electronically published in the CogSIMA Conference Proceedings and will be submitted to the EasyChair EPiC Series, a SCOPUS indexed journal. At least one author of an accepted paper is required to register for the conference at the full rate and the paper must be presented by an author of that paper at the conference unless the TPC grants permission for a substitute presenter. Non-refundable registration fees must be paid prior to uploading the final formatted, publication-ready version of the paper. For authors with multiple accepted papers, one full registration is valid for up to 2 papers.  
 Accepted paper authors should update their already submitted EasyChair paper with any formatting changes required for publication rather than re-submit or email the changes directly to the technical programming committee  .  
  Further information:   
 CogSIMA community website: www.cogsima.org   
 CogSIMA is on Twitter: @CogSIMA   
 CogSIMA is on Youtube: youtube.com/@cogsima   
 Follow #cogsima  on LinkedIn!  
   NOTE: The following contains archived details of the previous full call for papers and should not be used as a guide for any late-breaking paper submission formatting details.   
 Call for Papers    
 All papers must present original and unpublished work that is not currently under review elsewhere. Each paper will be reviewed by at least three independent referees. Papers will be evaluated according to their significance, originality, technical content, style, clarity, and relevance to the conference. At least one author for each accepted paper is required to attend the conference.  
 Two types of paper submissions will be accepted:  
 Regular Papers (9-15 pages): | describe new results that advance the state-of-the-art. Each accepted paper will be allocated approximately 25 minutes for the oral presentation during the conference. 
  Short Papers (5-8 pages): | describe work in progress. Each accepted poster paper will be presented in a 15 min. talk in the poster session. 
  Please note that Full Paper  and Poster Presentation  submissions are due 01 July 2023  .   
 Further information on submission guidelines and author requirements are below.  
 About CogSIMA   
 The Cognitive Situation Management (CogSIMA) conference series provides an annual venue for presenting multi-disciplinary research on complex heterogeneous dynamical systems – of interacting humans, machines, computer agents and/or networks – whose individual and/or collective behavior depends on their situation awareness.  
 The CogSIMA conferences are aimed at researchers and practitioners from academia, industry and government, with a wide variety of backgrounds and experience including computer science, human factors, cognitive science, modeling and simulation, robotics, and systems engineering.  
 Find Us   
 CogSIMA @ Twitter: @CogSIMA   
  CogSIMA @ Youtube: CogSIMA   
  Follow #cogsima  on LinkedIn!  
  Email questions to: admin@cogsima.org   
 WordPress Theme: Dynamic News by ThemeZee.