 About  
 The annual meeting of the Cognitive Science Society is aimed at basic and applied cognitive science research. The conference hosts the latest theories and data from the world's best cognitive science researchers. Each year, in addition to submitted papers, researchers are invited to highlight some aspect of cognitive science.  
 More    
 Advances in the Study of Event Cognition   
 Lee, Sarah Hye-yeon | ; 
  Wittenberg, Eva 
 Events are a fundamental part of human experience. Research on event cognition is rapidly developing and is revealing central aspects of how humans perceive, conceptualize, communicate about, and remember events. This symposium offers an interdisciplinary look at recent advances in the study of event cognition. The symposium brings together cognitive scientists from across continents, who are experts on the subject. The symposium contributors come from a variety of backgrounds and disciplines in developmental psychology, cognitive psychology, neuro-computational psychology, and linguistics. They combine a variety of innovative and integrative approaches and methodologies and study diverse populations across the lifespan and across languages. The overall goal of this symposium is to foster an interdisciplinary conversation on different aspects of event cognition.  
 What Should I Do Now? Goal-Centric Outlooks on Learning, Exploration, and Communication   
  Binz, Marcel 
 Large language models (LLMs) like OpenAI's GPT-4 (OpenAI et al., 2023), or Google's PaLM (Chowdhery et al., 2022) generate text responses to user-generated text prompts. In contrast to work that evaluates the extent to which model-generated text coheres with linguistic rules (i.e., formal competence) (Chomsky et al., 2023; Piantadosi, 2023), the present symposium discusses the work of cognitive scientists aimed at assessing the extent and manner in which LLMs show effective understanding, reasoning and decision making, capacities associated with human higher cognition (i.e., functional competence) (Binz & Schulz, 2023; Mahowald et al., 2023; Webb et al., 2023). Given both their expertise and their interest in clarifying the nature of human thinking, cognitive scientists are in a unique position both to carefully evaluate LLMs' capacity for thought (Bhatia, 2023; Han et al., 2024; Mitchell, 2023) and to benefit from them as methodological and theoretical tools. This symposium will thus be of interest not only to cognitive scientists concerned with machine intelligence, but also to those looking to incorporate advances in artificial intelligence with their study of human intelligence.  
 Dynamics of memory search   
  Matrai, Dr. Janka 
 In this session, representatives from IES, NSF, UNESCO, and ERC will discuss intellectual, sociological, and practical issues that arise in doing research in Cognitive Science, Education, and at their intersection. Some of these issues are due generally to the multidisciplinary nature of the work, but others are specific to education. The mobilization of research knowledge and human capital for translation to practice and policy remains a significant challenge that each of these agencies seeks to address. The speakers will highlight relevant initiatives and point to similarities and differences in the grant review processes between programs, providing tips for successful grant writing along the way. They will discuss where their programs are placed in relation to one another in the funding landscape and along the continuum from the most basic to the most applied research ‚Äì and the extent that such a distinction is meaningful. They will also contrast their funding emphases and the implications those emphases have for the kinds of projects that can be engaged.  
 Abstracts  
  Pazzaglia, Mariella 
 Non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation has proven effective in modulating parasympathetic autonomic nervous system activity and various cognitive functions. This study investigated the effects of transauricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) on body ownership and interoception in healthy subjects using a within-subjects experimental design (active taVNS/sham). The rubber hand illusion (RHI) and the Heartbeat Counting Task (HCT) were employed. Cardiac activity was recorded throughout the procedure to measure physiological indices of heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV). Ownership for the fake hand was observed in both active and sham stimulation, as indicated by drift and scores on illusion-relevant items (Q1-Q3). HR and HRV showed no variations between synchronous/asynchronous RHI or between stimulation conditions. Active taVNS resulted in decreased interoceptive meta-awareness. Individuals with lower interoceptive abilities exhibited heightened susceptibility to RHI during active taVNS, possibly due to perturbation of interoceptive signals and increased reliance on exteroceptive signals in constructing body representation.  
 The effect of encoding context on false memory formation in a picture-based category associates procedure   
  Citron, Francesca M M 
 This study introduces culture relatedness of words as a novel variable and explores its impact on emotional responses of English-Mandarin bilinguals living in the UK, where their second language (L2) is dominant. First, we conducted a norming study to identify emotive words related to participants' native (e.g., bamboo) and residential (e.g., scones) cultures. We then used event-related potentials (ERPs) to examine whether culture relatedness affects emotional responses to words presented in L1 and L2. We were particularly interested in investigating whether the well-established emotional distance from L2 may be due to cultural distance, and whether concepts related to one's native culture in L2 may enhance affective responses. Initial evidence from ongoing data analyses seems to suggest an interaction of culture relatedness and emotional valance on affective responses. This research offers new insights into the interplay of language, culture, and emotion in bilingual contexts, examining how cultural salience modulates emotional responses.  
 Not stages, but variability ranges? Cognitive variability bridging complexity science and 'Piaget's new theory'   
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
 We tailor the explanations we give depending on the person asking for them ‚Äì you would explain why an event happened differently depending on which of the contributing causes the listener already knows. While significant prior work focuses on how causal structure in the world influences explanation, we focus on how explanation production is modulated by listener belief. We propose a computational model framing explanation as rational communication about causal events, using a recursive theory-of-mind and language production framework to choose amongst possible explanatory utterances that minimize the divergence between speaker and listener belief about a why an event happened. We evaluate our model using some partial observer stimuli, which manipulate the listener's stated prior knowledge about an event, and find that our model well-predicts human judgements about which of several contributing causes is the best explanation for a speaker to provide by modeling their communicative value to the listener.  
 Illusory Contour Clarity does not guide visual search but Surface Representations do   
  Banks, Briony 
 We investigated whether inner language enhances memory for events in a naturalistic, non-verbal task where participants constructed simple models from memory after watching an instructional video. Across three experiments, we used linguistic suppression to manipulate access to language and tested its effect on overall memory performance. Results showed that access to inner language consistently affected event memory: when inner language was disrupted at encoding, participants were poorer at recalling the models and remembered fewer events. Critically, the effect of linguistic suppression on memory performance was greater than a control secondary task that did not affect access to language (i.e., poorer performance was not solely due to dual-task effects). These findings support the proposal that inner language enhances event memory via a mechanism of linguistic bootstrapping, which in turn extends theories of event memory and adds to a growing body of evidence that inner language is a highly valuable cognitive tool.  
 Evaluating the comprehension of fractions in 6th to 10th grade using a graduated number line test   
  Kovacs, Agnes 
 Research on infants' observational behavior has predominantly focused on retrospective information gain, leaving the role of prospective evaluation of information gain unclear. We examined 12-month-olds' use of information sources in an eye-tracking study, where participants could use their gaze to 'shake' two out of three boxes to locate a hidden character through auditory cues. Across two pre-registered experiments, we manipulated the probability distributions for character locations to assess forward-looking exploratory strategies. Findings from Experiment 1 with a uniform distribution suggest that while infants learned task contingencies, their choices did not align with maximizing expected information gain, leaning instead towards confirmatory hypothesis testing. Experiment 2 employs a non-uniform probability distribution for character locations to rule out alternative explanations of Experiment 1. In this setup, one box pair provides more information gain, while the other provides confirmatory evidence. Data collection is in progress, results will be presented at the conference.  
 Object concepts in the brain: A representational similarity analysis of features and categories   
  Hartshorne, Joshua K 
 It takes children considerable learning and development to accurately predict whether an object is safely balanced or will fall -- something that happens if its center of mass is not supported from below. In the meantime, children go through a characteristic set of mistaken beliefs. Here we use an adapted version of the classical balance task to evaluate whether different models go through the same stages. Preliminary results show that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) do learn the task but do not necessarily go through the same stages. We are also testing several simulation-based accounts. We anticipate completing this work in time for the conference. The findings will help clarify the space of possible accounts of children's acquisition of intuitions about gravity and balance.  
 Disfluency in Speech and Gestures: Windows into Metacognitive Processes   
  Roy, Dipanjan 
 In Visual working memory (VWM), the top-down goal selectively maintains and recalls items, while, bottom-up attention induced by perceptually similar items prioritizes recalling these VWM items. In this study, we focussed on whether repeated items have facilitated access in VWM and can also act as task-irrelevant interference hindering recalling task-relevant not-repeated items. In this VWM-based EEG study, human participants (n = 25) responded to a probe for an item's presence or absence in a memory array containing repeated and not-repeated items. Significantly slower response times and poor accuracy were observed for probe matching for not-repeated items. Also, Event-related spectral perturbation analysis showed an increase in mid-frontal theta (4-7Hz) and parietal alpha power (8-12 Hz) demonstrating that default prioritized repeated items interfere with recalling items corresponding to the not-repeated probe matching. This study shows how default prioritized repeated items; a relational property of stimuli can interfere with recalling task-relevant VWM items.  
 Interaction Between Mathematical Affect and Feedback During Mathematical Computation: A Computer Mouse-tracking Task   
 Results from both cross-language priming and code-switching studies suggest that syntax is shared between languages in a bilingual's language system. However, it is not clear how these bilingual language phenomena interact. We tested whether, under an implicit learning account, code-switching in the prime increases syntax sharing, leading to stronger cross-language priming. We conducted four simulated Spanish to English structural priming experiments using the Bilingual Dual-path model. The primes either had an English (code-switched) determiner and noun or noun only, at the beginning or end of the sentence, or were entirely in Spanish. Mixed effects analyses only revealed a significant positive interaction between code-switch condition and priming, indicating stronger priming, with a code-switched English noun phrase at the very beginning of the sentence, but non-significant interactions otherwise. These results provide further support for the idea that code-switching and cross-language structural priming can be interpreted as evidence for shared syntactic representations bilinguals.  
 On the nature of recency after rare event in decisions from experience   
 Yang, Yujia | ; 
 Throughout evolutionary history, and in everyday lives, it has been a crucial task to identify good and reliable cooperation partners. A good way of assessing potential partners' quality and willingness is to engage in conversation with them. We investigated if non-verbal behaviours during such conversations can be reliable indicators of interactants' cooperativeness ‚Äì in contrast to the semantic content of utterances that can be easily faked. Specifically, we predicted that interactants who align in their use of non-verbal behaviours would also act more cooperatively in other tasks beyond the conversation. To test this, we analyzed gestures in the British TV game show Golden Balls, where contestants discussed and faced a game-theoretic decision to split or steal a monetary prize. Results suggest that individuals choosing to split indeed align their non-verbal behaviours more than those choosing to steal. This implies that subtle movements can serve as reliable indicators of trustworthy cooperation partners.  
 Main author   
 Flores, Jorge A | ; 
  Di Pace, Enrico 
 Observational learning has been studied using the serial reaction time task (SRTT) reporting inconsistent findings on its nature. When present, observational learning appears to be due to explicit learning, even for complex second-order sequences (SOC). In contrast, statistical learning has been studied using the rapid serial visual presentation (RSVP) reporting implicit observational learning of simple sequences. We combined elements of the SRTT and RSVP to investigate whether observational learning of SOC can occur. Two groups were exposed to either a repeated or a random sequence in RSVP. A completion and a recognition tasks were performed as a measure of explicit learning, and an SRTT as a measure of implicit learning. Although results showed no difference between groups in the SRTT, the early learning index predicted the recovery from interference exclusively in the experimental group, which also showed a greater awareness of the repetitiveness of the sequence.  
 Modelling History-Dependent Evidence Accumulation across Species   
 Yetman, Cameron C 
 Cognitive scientists attribute representations to complex systems in order to explain their behavior. The shocking facility with which Large Language Models (LLMs) perform difficult linguistic and non-linguistic tasks has generated an increasing amount of speculation concerning what sorts of internal representations might underlie this behavior (whether personal, sub-personal, and of which kinds) and what properties such representations might have (for instance, whether they are grounded). This paper aims to elaborate and defend a conservative explanatory methodology, based on analyses of particular LLM behaviors, according to which attribution of sub-personal representations is key to explaining model performance which is robust, systematic, and flexible, especially in zero-shot settings, and that behavioral benchmarking alone is insufficient to resolve questions about representation due to the mutual underdetermination of performance and competence. The resulting view should help frame future explanations of LLM behavior, and provide an empirically grounded alternative to mere a priori speculation.  
 Capturing Asymmetric Bias in Probability Judgements   
  Haun, Daniel Benjamin Moritz 
 Some humans, like other animals, may sense magnetic fields: Gurindji people from Australia can locate a hidden magnet solely based on magnetoreception, but an American control group cannot (Meakins, 2022). Why can only some humans use magnetoreception? One possibility is that human magnetoreception is experience-dependent: the fundamental capability may be universal, but the Gurindji learn to use it reliably because, unlike Americans, their language and culture promotes paying constant attention to cardinal directions and thinking about space using a geocentric cognitive map, which sensing the Earth's magnetic field would help with. If so, we might expect other cultures using geocentric thinking, such as the Hai//om people from Namibia, to have also learned to use magnetoreception. We tested this and found that, unlike Gurindji, Hai//om people could not locate a hidden magnet at above chance levels, suggesting that learning to think geocentrically may not be sufficient to acquire magnetoreception.  
 Who, Where, and When: A Cross-Cultural Analysis of Situational Changes in Comics   
  Simione, Luca 
 Peripersonal space (PPS) is the multisensory representation of the near-body space. Several factors modulate PPS size and the sharpness of the boundary separating PPS and the far extrapersonal space, suggesting that PPS may be involved in the subjective experience and in the self-other representation. Such representations seem to be shaped by mindfulness meditation (MM); however, evidence on the effects of MM on PPS is limited. To test the hypothesis that MM modulates both PPS size and the sharpness of PPS boundary, we enrolled 26 non-meditators, who performed an audio-tactile task before and after a 15-minute guided focused attention meditation (FAM). Despite no changes of PPS size, after FAM we found a significantly reduced sharpness of PPS boundary, as if it dissolved. We suggest that the reduced separation between the self and the environment, reported by meditators in some phenomenological studies, may relate to the altered PPS sharpness.  
 The Role of Hand Gestures on Emotional Intensity and Phenomenological Ratings of Autobiographical Narratives   
 Face-to-face communication is highly complex, with information being transmitted via multiple channels simultaneously. Social gaze can regulate conversation, express emotions, and signal interest or disinterest, and eye contact, or a lack thereof, is a powerful visual cue that influences the dynamics of communication. While previous research has shed light on gaze in autism in general, there remains a lack of 1) evidence on interactions in dialogue between autistic adults (rather than mixed dialogues) and 2) investigations on the influence of gaze on conversational dynamics and interpersonal rapport. We have developed a novel setup with mobile dual eye-tracking glasses that allows for the automatic detection of mutual eye contact. Our exploratory analyses of conversations in homogeneous autistic dyads provide new insights into autistic gaze dynamics and their interrelation with rapport, ultimately helping to advance the current understanding of cognitive diversity and of the fundamental elements of social interaction.  
 The Pretesting Effect: Exploring the Impact of Feedback and Final Test Timing   
 Mera, Yeray | ; 
  Palminteri, Stefano 
 This paper explores the cognitive processes underlying how and why trust in informational sources fluctuates. If information from experts and mainstream media is broadly more accurate than peer networks', why do we sometimes lose trust in experts? Counterintuitively, we often prefer information from authoritative sources, even if they become distrusted. We built a computational model of these dynamics. It includes a decision process sensitive to information processing costs and a learning process driven by prediction error minimization. We hypothesized that human information-processing biases could explain why experts are preferred as default sources of information and why their legitimacy is less resilient than peer networks' when both provide inaccurate information. We ran simulations over a wide range of parameters and found that the processing advantages of following experts can be outweighed by overreacting to their mistakes. This effect is higher when the environment is unstable and the epistemic authorities are biased.  
 The influence of agency and affordances on visual anticipation: Insights from the representational momentum paradigm   
 Finkensiep, Christoph 
 How do humans infer the structural interpretations of a piece of music from its basic elements? Since recursive elaboration is an important structural principle in several musical traditions, generative probabilistic models are a useful tool for characterizing musical interpretation as a probabilistic inference problem. However, due to the high degree of ambiguity and combinatorial complexity of even short excerpts of music, exact inference (e.g. finding the "best" structural interpretation of a piece) is usually not feasible. The present work proposes a hybrid approach to this problem. An explicit and interpretable probabilistic top-down model is complemented with a heuristic parser that reverses the generative process in a greedy fashion and adapts to feedback from the top-down model via deep reinforcement learning. The combination of these two models bridges the gap between explicit but slow top-down knowledge and immediate musical intuitions on various levels of musicianship.  
 Optimal mental representation of social networks explains biases in social learning and perception   
  Makioka, Shogo 
 Serial dependence is a phenomenon in which perception of the current stimulus is influenced by that of past stimulus. Previous studies have shown that serial dependence does not occur between modalities, however, it has only been validated with limited types of tasks. We examined the cross-modal serial dependence in numerical estimation task. Participants were asked to estimate the number of flashes presented sequentially for visual stimuli and the number of white noises presented sequentially for auditory stimuli. We observed significant serial dependence from visual to auditory, but not in the reverse direction. The reason we observed serial dependence between modalities may be due to the high-order processing required to perform the numerical estimation task. We need to further investigate the nature of the visual stimuli (sequential or simultaneous) as well as their temporal properties to determine why only serial dependence from visual to auditory was observed in this experiment.  
 Impact of cognitive abilities on reading and writing skills of a dyslexic Chinese-English bilingual child   
  Hao-yan, Dr Emily Ge 
 This paper discusses a case study of a 10-year-old Chinese-English bilingual boy, who has developmental dyslexia. The boy exhibits a discrepancy in his reading and writing abilities in both languages, which is believed to be due to the distinct orthographic characteristics and cognitive requirements of the two languages. The study investigated the reasons for his literacy skills profile from both orthographic and cognitive perspectives by evaluating the boy's working memory, literacy skills, receptive vocabulary, and cognitive abilities in both languages. Preliminary findings revealed that while the child's cognitive profile was consistent across both languages, his reading and writing accuracy in Chinese was lower compared to TD Chinese-English bilinguals, with greater difficulties in Chinese writing. This case study reinforces the cognitive account theory, suggesting that the varying cognitive demands needed for literacy skill development can result in differences in these skills, particularly regarding accuracy, in bilingual children (Sambai et al., 2022).  
 Age-related Differences in Autobiographical Memory: A Trajectory of Changes   
  Oberauer, Klaus 
 Drift-Diffusion Models (DDMs) are a widely-used class of models that assume an accumulation of evidence during a quick decision. These models are often used as measurement models to assess individual differences in cognitive processes, such as an individual's evidence accumulation rate and response caution. An additional underlying assumption of these models is that there is internal noise in the evidence accumulation process. However, fitting DDMs to experimental choice-response time data alone cannot yield estimates of an individual's evidence accumulation rate, caution, and internal noise at the same time. This is due to an intrinsic joint-unidentifiability of these parameters when fitting DDMs to behavioral data. We introduce methods of estimating these parameters at the same time with additional data types. The methods to estimate model parameters rely on Bayesian inference and simulation-based Bayesian inference. We show why these methods are useful without making strong assumptions.  
 Linguistic Framing in Large Language Models   
 Anufrieva, Anastasia 
 The digital environment has a significant impact on our everyday lives, but there is a lack of studies on how it affects cognitive processes like attention and working memory (WM). This study aims to compare attention and WM in digital and non-digital environments. In Experiment 1, we compared attention and working memory under paper and computer-based environment tasks. The findings showed that under non-digital condition attentional sustainability and visual working memory were better. In Experiment 2, we examined attentional shifting and sustainability at different levels of digital saturation (the presence of perceptual feedback on a website). Attentional sustainability was better in a saturated condition, but attentional shifting was not affected. Thus, the real environment is suggested to be superior due to lower saturation and higher motor-visual coherence. Digital saturation, along with the ACD idea, can guide attention. These results have applications for enhancing the user experience with interfaces.  
 Understanding exact large number is possible in Amazonian languages   
 Hiott, Andrea 
 What are we saying when we say a body is cognitive? In various turns, we might be saying (or taken to be saying) that it is conscious, that it has mind, or that it is intelligent. But consciousness does not imply mind, and cognition may not imply consciousness. Still, this ambiguity is an unnecessary confusion that pervades scientific, philosophical, and everyday language. This paper proposes that we clarify this as follows: An embodied act can be assessed as cognitive if its activity can be modelled as a trajectory towards a goal, if this trajectory takes place in some state space (i.e., geographical, linguistic) that can also be modelled, and if, within this modelling, an affordance vector can be established from the agent to goal that does not depend upon another body for its relevance (i.e. a hammer would not have this vector because it acquires its directedness from another body).  
 Does the process of explaining affect one's beliefs?   
  Anufrieva, Anastasia 
 Notifications convey important information, but they can also act as distractions, leading to resumption errors. Previous research has primarily focused on two types of notifications: pop-up notifications that appear quickly (1 second) and transparency reduction notifications that appear slowly (2 seconds). Pop-up notifications in an environment with perceptual feedback tend to result in the highest number of errors, while transparency reduction notifications may go unnoticed in an environment without feedback. To bridge this gap, the third variant of notification speed (1.5 seconds) was introduced in this study. The aim was to strike a balance between the noticeability of notification and minimizing the negative impact of attention redirection. Participants were instructed to perform the Modified Bourdon Test and close notifications. The findings revealed that the third variant, combining the features of pop-up and transparency reduction notifications, led to a decrease in resumption errors while still effectively capturing users' attention.  
 Prestimulus Periodic and Aperiodic Neural Activity Shapes McGurk Perception   
  Geerligs, Linda 
 Our senses receive a continuous stream of complex information. According to Event Segmentation Theory (EST), we parse this information into meaningful events, allowing us to extract relevant information, remember it, and act upon it. Previous research has related these events to so-called ‚Äòneural states': temporally and regionally specific stable patterns of brain activity, which tend to coincide with events in the stimulus. Here we show that these neural states additionally align with stable features in a movie stimulus that are relevant to a specific brain region. This supports the idea that many brain areas across the cortex apply event segmentation in a hierarchical manner. Using intracranial measurements, we further investigate whether neural states are present at a much smaller timescale and how their characteristics correspond to EST. Our findings provide support for the idea that neural states could underlie the cognitive skill of event segmentation.  
 People Need About Five Seconds to be Random: Autocorrelated Sampling Algorithms Can Explain Why   
  Yin, Jun 
 Recent evidence suggests that infants interpret giving as indicative of a relationship based on reciprocal exchange. Monitoring such a relationship requires tracking its participants irrespective of the role they occupy in a given interaction, as these are assumed to alternate over time. We explored this hypothesis in a label-mapping paradigm by testing whether 14-month-olds interpreted a trained label as referring to the features of an agent pointed at (a stable identity-tagging information) or to the action role it carried out (a temporary information). Across four eye-tracking experiments, infants consistently mapped the trained label onto the agent's features, when the agent gave a resource to someone. Superficial similar actions not resulting in social transfer (i.e., disposing of an object) did not induce such mapping. These findings suggest that the observation of giving highlighted identity-preserving information over transitory action roles, possibly due to the relational assumptions this action engendered.  
 The role of interaction in online language learning   
 Feher, Olga 
 Social interaction plays a fundamental role in language acquisition. Although adult learners can acquire language through passive instruction, they also benefit from interaction. We asked whether these benefits are due to interaction providing information about communicative context. We designed an online interactive game where participants communicated in an artificial language with a computer partner. We contrasted 3 conditions: a fully interactive condition, a passive condition in which participants learned through passive exposure, and a third condition, in which participants were exposed to the language in context but without involvement in interaction. We found that interaction produced the best results, and that mere exposure to context did not help: even when tested interactively, passive learners did better than participants who had been exposed to, but not involved in, interaction. The main benefit of interaction therefore, at least in an online learning environment, is not merely to provide context for language use.  
 Is masked syntactic priming unconscious?   
  Schulz, Eric 
 Past research examining developmental differences in exploration behavior has shown that children are more likely than adults to seek out uncertainty. However, children's exploration behavior may be shaped by their distinct prior experiences and assumptions, differing from those of adults. We investigate these differences and their potential impact on exploration, using the game ‚ÄúLittle Alchemy‚Äù, in which players can create new elements (e.g. clay) by combining previously discovered elements (e.g. stone and mud). Previous work found that adults use an empowerment strategy: They combine elements with the goal of creating new elements with the potential for many successful combinations. We observed that children were less likely to use an empowerment strategy, but relied more on their uncertainty compared to adults. This discrepancy decreased over age. In a follow-up experiment, we showed that this difference was indeed due to children using different strategies rather than the influence of different semantic priors.  
 Are toddlers intrinsically motivated to explore their own competence?   
  Hsiao, Yaling 
 A plethora of research has identified that undergraduate students experience higher levels of general anxiety disorder (GAD) with questionnaires primarily being used diagnose students. However, the potential for linguistic analysis and the emotional Stroop test as measurements of GAD remains unexplored, especially if both were to be used together. The present study aimed to produce a novel measure of GAD using both linguistic measures and the emotional Stroop task. This research study employed a quantitative approach and an experimental research design. A volunteer sample of 17 undergraduate students completed an online questionnaire, a written task, and an emotional Stroop task distributed via social media and the University of Birmingham Research Participation Scheme. This study produced a novel questionnaire for GAD and was utilised as a baseline measure. This study used two independent T-tests to measure the overall sentiment of written responses of participants and the frequency of first-person singular pronouns in written response. Additionally, two independent T-tests were used to measure reaction times and accuracy on the emotional Stroop Task. The findings highlighted no statistical differences between higher and lower levels of GAD and linguistic responses and reaction times and accuracy on the emotional Stroop test, suggesting that the measures utilised in the present study may not be able to predict GAD. As such, the findings of this study underscore the complexity of GAD and extend our understanding of GAD measurements. By illuminating the emotional, behavioural and cognitive factors of GAD, this study advocates for more awareness in university settings and proactive support for undergraduate students.  
 Advanced Readability Estimation through Educational Content Complexity   
  Cantlon, Jessica 
 Dendrophilia ‚Äî a widespread proclivity toward hierarchical behavior ‚Äî has long been argued to be central to human cognitive uniqueness. Alternative views emphasize the developmental and evolutionary continuity of complex hierarchical psychological processes with simpler sequencing mechanisms. We investigated the predispositions of human adults and 3-to-6-year-old children to spontaneously generate hierarchical patterns in an open-ended sequence generation task. We also compared the human ability to learn hierarchical patterns with that of rhesus macaques and carrion crows. Our Bayesian mixture model quantified the extent to which distinct mechanisms ‚Äî associative chaining, linear iteration, queues, and stacks ‚Äî were implicated in hierarchical behavior. Our results suggest that hierarchical behavior is possible across species. It emerges early in cognitive development and may be scaffolded by simpler cognitive processes that eventually increase in representational and computational complexity. Thus, our findings contradict the dendrophilia hypothesis and point to shared psychological processes underpinning hierarchical behavior.  
 Acquiring Mastery: An Autoethnographic Case Study on Self-Directed Skill Attainment in Competitive eSports   
 Phillips, Noah 
 While it is difficult to find and persuade research participants to invest the famous 10,000 hours of practice necessary to develop expertise in any given task, one can more easily commit oneself to such a devoted undertaking. Through autoethnographic observation, the author, a retired semi-professional eSports competitor with no experience or knowledge of the new competitive eSport game Street Fighter 6, documented and livestreamed months of gameplay sessions as he acquired expertise and rose through the ranks of the game's competitive online mode, striving to reach the game's highest ranking of ‚ÄúMaster.‚Äù The author critically examines the strategies and practices most useful for optimizing learning and performance ‚Äì illustrating the contributions of reflexivity and reflection that are often overlooked in laboratory experimentation. Overall, this work demonstrates how autoethnographic insights developed ‚Äúin the streets,‚Äù when combined with empirical research in the lab, contribute to a fuller picture of learning and expertise.  
 Rethinking Inference: A Multidimensional Model of Inference for Human and Nonhuman Animals   
  Christiansen, Morten 
 The most recent generation of Large Language Models owes its success not only to scale, but also a novel step in their training: reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF). In this study, we assessed the impact that this training regime has on the fit between model and human behavior in regards to linguistic behavior. We evaluated three versions of OpenAI's GPT-3 davinci ‚Äì original, instruction-tuned, and RLHF-trained ‚Äì using psycholinguistic tasks: subject-verb agreement, sentence acceptability, and event knowledge. We then compared their performance to human participants. We found that the RLHF model is significantly more human-like in its answers, including in the errors it commits. Moreover, the uncertainty of the distribution of its output is closely tied with between-subject variation in humans. This suggests that human feedback improves not only the overall quality of LLMs, but also the alignment between their behavior and the linguistic, metalinguistic, and discursive intuitions of humans.  
 Contextual and lexical effects in Braille reading using an automated finger tracking method   
  Beekhuizen, Barend 
 Perception Verbs (PVs) can have, besides their denotational interpretation that 'X perceives Y', other interpretations depending on context. For example, in narratives we often find contexts where seeing something introduces a new referent, heralds a pivotal event, or compresses redundant information about characters' inner states. We computationally model the emergence of such pragmatic use in children (4-12y) with recent Language Models (LMs). Since LMs are partly trained on narrative corpora and can model coherence in narratives, we assume that a LM can be used to identify PV contexts that humans recognise as having a pragmatic function. We sample PV contexts from ChiSCor, a corpus of Dutch children's freely told narratives, and use the confidence of LM predictions to identify developmental patterns in pragmatic use of PVs for children of different ages. Simultaneously, our setup allows us to identify types of pragmatic meaning that LMs still struggle with.  
 Starting Small, After All? Curriculum Learning with Child-Directed Speech   
 Ayyagari, Snigdha 
 The influence exerted by no longer relevant intentions that have been successfully executed or cancelled is called aftereffects. The current study investigated the effect of encoding a secondary intention on the aftereffects of non-relevant prospective intentions. The study used an active phase-finished phase paradigm with participants randomly assigned to either experimental or control conditions. In the experimental condition, participants encoded a secondary intention in the finished phase of the task. In the control condition, participants did not encode any additional instructions. Commission errors and response latencies were analysed in the finished phase for fulfilled intentions or encoded but unfulfilled intentions. Independent sample t-tests found significant (p<0.05) differences between experimental and control groups. Suspended cues displayed a higher accessibility due to anticipatory monitoring and pending response action, and also resulted in more commission errors in comparison to repeat cues.  
 Effect of word length on updating working memory contents   
 Rivadulla-Duró, Andrea 
 Emotions can be insensitive to certain attributes of a situation. A large body of evidence shows that information on probabilities, large numerical counts, or intentions is frequently disregarded in the elicitation and regulation of emotions. To date, no existing theory comprehensively accounts for the features that tend to be overlooked by emotion. In this paper I call attention to the common denominator of such features: they cannot be perceived nor contribute to the iconic representation of events. For instance, the exceedingly low probability of a plane crash does not affect its imagistic representation (i.e., the iconic representation of the event is silent about the event's probability). I introduce the Iconic Prioritization Hypothesis, positing that the prioritization of the iconic format in emotion can explain the neglect of information that is representationally silent in this format. Emotion may favour iconicity as it is the format of immediate, first-hand evidence about our surroundings.  
 Visual behavior during spatial exploration explains individual differences in performance of spatial navigation tasks   
  Schulze, Christin 
 What is the developmental trajectory of probability learning in early childhood, and how do changes in choice behavior relate to changes in executive functions? We conducted a two-year longitudinal study with children between the ages of 3.5 and 6.5 years and complemented behavioral analyses with computational modeling to illuminate underlying cognitive processes. On average, children became more likely to choose the high-probability option as they grew older and increasingly diversified choices in line with probability matching by T3. Moreover, younger children in the cohort were more likely to maximize probability than older children. Our analyses suggest that increasing choice diversification across childhood may relate to improving executive functions and value-based learning, whereas probability maximizing may serve as an easily implementable satisficing strategy. Finally, our findings emphasize how children's variability in choice behavior may affect the estimated direction of change and highlight the need for longitudinal research.  
 Does prediction drive neural alignment in conversation?   
 Klein, Emily 
 Psycholinguistic dictionaries or lexicons have been used for text analysis in a variety of domains, from analyzing terrorist manifestos to congressional speeches. Methods for developing these dictionaries generally focus on identifying lexemes ‚Äì single semantic units ‚Äì that map to psychological categories such as health (containing words like yoga, disease, neurosis), positive sentiment (happy, joy), or interpersonal conflict (fight, kill). The focus on single lexemes neglects multiword expressions (such as kick the bucket, by and large, birds of a feather), which constitute a significant portion of any language and offer similar insight into human psychology and cognition. This paper proposes a methodology for developing lexicons of multiword expressions of psychological significance, and addresses the considerations specific to identifying and validating multiword expressions. Using this methodology, I developed two lexicons of multiword expressions that correspond to two cognitive processes and used them to analyze qualitative text data discussing belief in conspiracy theories.  
 Exposure to the ideas of others in idea generation   
  Roy, Dr. Dipanjan 
 Spontaneous internally directed attention, such as mind wandering, typically hinders performance in cognitive tasks. The impact of intentional internally directed attention (IDA) ‚Äì for instance, deliberately thinking about past or future events ‚Äì on task performance, however, remains unclear. In our study, we employed a dual-task paradigm that involved self-referential stimuli in a color-recall visual working memory task. This approach revealed that intentional IDA more significantly influences performance compared to intentional externally directed attention (EDA). We observed larger late positive potentials (LPP) over medial frontal sensors, suggesting sustained stimulus processing over frontal sensors under IDA. Additionally, we noted a pattern of neural activity associated with internal attention: event-related desynchronization (ERD) in the alpha band (8-12 Hz) during the encoding phase and event-related synchronization (ERS) in the delay phase. In contrast, the EDA condition was marked by theta (4-8 Hz) band ERS during the delay period. These findings highlight distinct behavioral impacts and neural patterns associated with internally versus externally directed attention in dual-task settings.  
 Mind Perception at Play: Exploring Agent and Action Dynamics in Real-Time Human-Robot Interaction   
  Liu, Donghong 
 Most current research on commonsense question answering (CQA) has focused on proposing different techniques in natural language processing and text information retrieval. However, for human cognition, retrieving and organizing desired answers from text knowledge related to commonsense questions is far less intuitive and comprehensive than it is when using multi-modal knowledge, such as related images and videos. Motivated by this, we propose a framework for trying the acquisition of diverse modal information, and embedding and integrating it into CQA tasks, further improving the performance and user experience. Specifically, this paper proposes the integration of multi-modal knowledge, including images, image description statements, image scene graphs, and knowledge sub-graphs, into a CQA system. It introduces a parallel embedding technique for this multi-modal knowledge and employs an alignment-interaction-fusion mechanism to facilitate the seamless integration of this multi-modal knowledge. Through extensive experiments, the effectiveness and superiority of our proposed method are demonstrated.  
 Unveiling Diplomatic Narratives: Analyzing United Nations Security Council Debates Through Metaphorical Cognition   
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
 Humans are remarkably adept at inferring the causes of events in their environment; doing so often requires incorporating information from multiple sensory modalities. For instance, if a car slows down in front of us, inferences about why they did so are rapidly revised if we also hear sirens in the distance. Here, we investigate the ability to reconstruct others' actions and events from the past by integrating multimodal information. Participants were asked to infer which of two agents performed an action in a household setting given either visual evidence, auditory evidence, or both. We develop a computational model that makes inferences by generating multimodal simulations, and also evaluate our task on a large language model (GPT-4) and a large multimodal model (GPT-4V). We find that humans are relatively accurate overall and perform best when given multimodal evidence. GPT-4 and GPT-4V performance comes close overall, but is very weakly correlated with participants across individual trials. Meanwhile, the simulation model captures the pattern of human responses well. Multimodal event reconstruction represents a challenge for current AI systems, and frameworks that draw on the cognitive processes underlying people's ability to reconstruct events offer a promising avenue forward.  
 Stick to your Role! Stability of Personal Values Expressed in Large Language Models   
  Oudeyer, Pierre-Yves 
 Standard Large Language Models (LLMs) evaluation contains many different queries from similar minimal contexts (e.g. multiple choice questions). Conclusions from such evaluations are little informative about models' behavior in different new contexts (e.g. in deployment). We argue that context-dependence should be studied as a property of LLMs. We study the stability of value expression over different contexts (conversation topics): Rank-order stability on the population (interpersonal) level, and Ipsative stability on the individual (intrapersonal). We observe consistent trends - Mixtral, Mistral, Qwen, and GPT-3.5 model families being more stable than LLaMa-2 and Phi - over those two types of stability, two different simulated populations, and even on a downstream behavioral task. Overall, LLMs exhibit low Rank-Order stability, highlighting the need for future research on role-playing LLMs, as well as on context-dependence in general. This paper provides a foundational step in that direction, and is the first study of value stability in LLMs.  
 Metric Grammars   
  Ciuccarelli, Paolo 
 This paper seeks to understand designers' abstraction in ill- structured problem-solving. We utilize a protocol study with expert designers to empirically analyze the abstraction process in the latent need problem setting. A logic-based abstraction schema is found to model the process the designers employed. The study reveals how designers utilize this schema, detailing, developing, and evaluating solutions for ill-structured problems. It highlights the recursive nature of abstraction and raises questions about the termination of the process in ill- structured domains. We conclude by proposing a computational model to further evaluate abstraction in complex problem-solving scenarios.  
 Bi-Branch Meta-Learning for Few-Shot Word Sense Disambiguation   
 Forming Event Units in Language and Cognition: A Cross-linguistic Investigation   
 Lee, Sarah Hye-yeon | ; 
  Leonard, Julia Anne 
 Although well-intentioned diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives aim to increase minority representation in elite groups, they can sometimes backfire by causing candidates to question whether they were selected for merit. Prior work in social psychology suggests that this effect is driven mainly by stereotype threat. Here, we propose a novel cognitive framework: DEI initiatives backfire due to causal inference. Specifically, when candidates hear that they were selected based on a DEI initiative and/or enter a group where they are a minority, they may hypothesize that their selection was based more on their identity and less on their merit. Across two pre-registered experiments manipulating selection messages (DEI vs. merit) and statistical gender representation (represented or under-represented in the selected group), we find evidence in favor of our hypothesis. DEI messages and under-representation independently caused successful candidates to attribute their selection more to their identity and less to their merit but did not directly impact perceptions of competence. A third pre-registered experiment revealed that women selectively rated themselves as less competent in DEI contexts when selection tasks were more difficult. Taken together, this work shows that people make different causal hypotheses about their selection into elite groups based on DEI messages and group composition in conjunction with selection task difficulty and their social identity. Importantly, this work paves the way for designing DEI-based initiatives that license more helpful causal inferences about success to ensure that minority candidates thrive in their positions.  
 The optionality of complementizer ƒçto in Russian ‚Äî a multifactorial analysis   
  Sandhofer, Catherine 
 The Event Segmentation Theory suggests that people naturally divide everyday experiences into distinct units, with event boundaries serving as anchors in long-term memory and aiding recall. These boundaries are ubiquitous in children's daily experiences and may significantly influence learning. This study investigated how event boundaries affect novel category learning in young children. Specifically, 23 English-speaking three-year-olds learned novel object categories under two conditions. In the event boundary condition, objects were moved across two different background contexts, whereas in the control condition, they remained within the same backgrounds. We hypothesized that presenting objects across an event boundary would enhance generalization. Unexpectedly, both conditions yielded similar performance. An order effect emerged, with initially introduced categories showing better performance, suggesting the impact of task structure and children's differing interpretations of event boundaries, particularly among females. This finding opens avenues for further investigation into the role of event boundaries in early category learning.  
 Do Saliency-Based Explainable AI Methods Help Us Understand AI's Decisions? The Case of Object Detection AI   
  Hudson Kam, Carla 
 Research suggests that the meanings of iconic signs are not easily guessable by sign-naive people; however, some signs' meanings are more easily guessed than others'. What causes some signs to be more easily guessable (more transparent) than others is not well-understood. In our previous research, we showed that signs whose form is based on more cross-linguistically common underlying motivations were chosen as "better suited" to a meaning‚Äîthat is, they are more transparent‚Äîthan signs based on less common underlying motivations (Tkachman, Sadlier-Brown, Lo, & Hudson Kam, 2023). In the current study, we ask whether, in addition, iconicity affects a sign's transparency. We asked sign-naive English speakers to rate all the signs from our previous study for how iconic they are. We then reanalyzed the data from our previous study in light of the obtained iconicity ratings. Results show that when people are asked to choose between an attested sign for a given animal label and an unattested one (i.e., a sign for a different animal), iconicity ratings did not affect participants' preferences: attested signs are preferred regardless of how iconic they are. However, when participants are asked to choose between two attested signs with the same meaning (e.g., two signs for 'cat' from different sign languages), iconicity does appear to affect participants' choices: participants were more likely to pick the more cross-linguistically common sign if the difference in iconicity ratings between the two signs was bigger. These results shed additional light on the ongoing debate on the connection between iconicity and transparency: iconicity by itself does not make a sign transparent, but it can enhance transparency under certain conditions.  
 Probabilistic simulation supports generalizable intuitive physics   
  Claessens, Peter M. E. 
 Intentional binding (IB) is the experience of temporal interval compression between voluntary actions and subsequent events when the latter are perceived to be caused on purpose by the agent's actions. It can be measured experimentally by comparing the judgments of temporal intervals between either a voluntary act or an external event, and a later sensory consequence. Evidence suggests this might be modulated by the emotional valence of the consequence. However, controversies have arisen over the consistency of the results and the methodology they were obtained with. Here, we aimed to measure this affective modulation using a two-interval forced-choice (2AFC) discrimination task and word stimuli. Three factors were employed: agency (agency and passive), emotional valence (neutral, positive, and negative words), and interval duration ratio determined based on individual values of just noticeable differences (JND). Participants had to judge which of two intervals presented in each trial was shorter. Generalized linear mixed model analysis indicated that there was an effect of IB, but no affective modulation. Dissociation of component mechanisms of SoA are discussed to better understand results and suggest further directions.  
 Rethinking Probabilities: Why Corpus Frequencies Cannot Capture Speakers' Dynamic Linguistic Behavior   
  Ramscar, Michael 
 Because information theory equates information with event occurrence probabilities, when applying its methods, language researchers typically take the information provided by words to be their relative frequencies in a corpus. This implicitly assumes words occur uniformly across contexts, however empirically, word distributions are bursty: the likelihood of most words appearing in most contexts is small, whereas the likelihood of a word recurring in context is much higher. In an elicitation study we examined whether speakers are sensitive to the dynamic word occurrence probabilities this implies. Consistent with proposals that prenominal adjectives increase noun predictability, participants produced numerous seemingly redundant adjectives prior to unambiguous nouns at first mention. However, despite receiving no feedback, they produced significantly fewer adjectives before subsequent mentions of the same nouns, indicating they had re-evaluated their probabilities. These results support the idea that prenominal adjectives facilitate efficient communication, and that speakers' representations of lexical probabilities are dynamic.  
 Demystify Deep-learning AI for Object Detection using Human Attention Data   
  Srivastava, Nisheeth 
 Video game playing is an extremely structured domain where algorithmic decision-making can be tested without adverse real-world consequences. While prevailing methods rely on image inputs to avoid the problem of hand-crafting state space representations, this approach systematically diverges from the way humans actually learn to play games. In this paper, we design object-based input representations that generalize well across a number of video games. Using these representations, we evaluate an agent's ability to learn games similar to an infant - with limited world experience, employing simple inductive biases derived from intuitive representations of physics from the real world. Using such biases, we construct an object category representation to be used by a Q-learning algorithm and assess how well it learns to play multiple games based on observed object affordances. Our results suggest that a human-like object interaction setup capably learns to play several video games, and demonstrates superior generalizability, particularly for unfamiliar objects. Further exploring such methods will allow machines to learn in a human-centric way, thus incorporating more human-like learning benefits.  
 Needs-guided Robotic Decision-Making based on Independent Reinforcement Learning   
  Wheatley, Thalia 
 How do people start conversations with someone they have never met before? In this project, we investigate the hypothesis that good starting topics facilitate transitions to many different topics. To test this, we leverage a dataset of unstructured, 10-minute conversations between pairs of strangers. Using natural language processing (NLP) and network approaches, we show that strangers begin their conversations with topics that are centrally located in a network of topic transitions. These ‚Äúlaunch pad‚Äù topics are useful starting points because they are well-connected to other topics, potentially increasing the likelihood of finding common ground. These findings underscore the fact that it is not the semantic meaning of a topic that makes it an effective starting point, but rather its transition properties. This insight paves the way for future research to identify conversational launch pads in different populations, where common starting topics may differ widely but nonetheless hold similar network positions. When people start conversations, they begin the process of trying to understand and connect with another person's mind. Here, we examine how this important process unfolds.  
 Simplicity in Complexity: Explaining Visual Complexity using Deep Segmentation Models   
  Butz, Martin V. 
 Infants learn actively in their environments, shaping their own learning curricula. They learn about their environments' affordances, that is, how local circumstances determine how their behavior can affect the environment. Here we model this type of behavior by means of a deep learning architecture. The architecture mediates between global cognitive map exploration and local affordance learning. Inference processes actively move the simulated agent towards regions where they expect affordance-related knowledge gain. We contrast three measures of uncertainty to guide this exploration: predicted uncertainty of a model, standard deviation between the means of several models (SD), and the Jensen-Shannon Divergence (JSD) between several models. We show that the first measure gets fooled by aleatoric uncertainty inherent in the envi- ronment, while the two other measures focus learning on epistemic uncertainty. JSD exhibits the most balanced exploration strategy. From a computational perspective, our model suggests three key ingredients for coordinating the active generation of learning curricula: (1) Navigation behavior needs to be coordinated with local motor behavior for enabling active affordance learning. (2) Affordances need to be encoded locally for acquiring generalized knowledge. (3) Effective active affordance learning mechanisms should use density comparison techniques for estimating expected knowledge gain. Future work may seek collaborations with developmental psychology to model active play in children in more realistic scenarios.  
 Communication-based belief attribution: Do infants encode better others' beliefs induced via communication or the ones induced via visual cues?   
  Zhang, Qiong 
 We compare storytelling in GPT-3.5, a recent large language model, with human storytelling. We hypothesized that GPT differs from humans in the kind of memories it possesses, and thus could perform differently on tasks influenced by memory, such as storytelling. We used an existing dataset of human stories, either recalled or imagined (Sap et al., 2022), and generated GPT stories with prompts designed to align with human instructions. We found that GPT's stories followed a common narrative flow of the story prompt (analogous to semantic memory in humans) more than details occurring in the specific context of the event (analogous to episodic memory in humans). Furthermore, despite lacking episodic details, GPT-generated stories exhibited language with greater word affect (valence, arousal, and dominance). When provided with examples of human stories (through few-shot prompting), GPT was unable to match its stories' narrative flow or affective aspects with human stories.  
 Dual Weighted Graph Convolutional Network for POI Recommendation   
  Yang, Yujiu 
 The multimodal deep neural networks, represented by CLIP, have generated rich downstream applications owing to their excellent performance, thus making understanding the decision-making process of CLIP an essential research topic. Due to the complex structure and the massive pre-training data, it is often regarded as a black-box model that is too difficult to understand and interpret. Concept-based models map the black-box visual representations extracted by deep neural networks onto a set of human-understandable concepts and use the concepts to make predictions, enhancing the transparency of the decision-making process. However, these methods involve the datasets labeled with fine-grained attributes by expert knowledge, which incur high costs and introduce excessive human prior knowledge and bias. In this paper, we observe the long-tail distribution of concepts, based on which we propose a two-stage Concept Selection Model (CSM) to mine core concepts without introducing any human priors. The concept greedy rough selection algorithm is applied to extract head concepts, and then the concept mask fine selection method performs the extraction of core concepts. Experiments show that our approach achieves comparable performance to end-to-end black-box models, and human evaluation demonstrates that the concepts discovered by our method are interpretable and comprehensible for humans.  
 State-Independent and State-Dependent Learning in a Motivational Go/NoGo task   
  Taylor, Jordan 
 In teleoperation, the spatiotemporal calibration of the system can significantly impact both performance and user experience, which may not necessarily be causally linked. This study asks if Sense of Embodiment (SoE) varies with spatiotemporal calibration of a teleoperated system, which in turn affects task performance. Most SoE studies are passive and they do not represent a great paradigm to study the impact of calibration on SoE in active teleoperation. Therefore, we designed an active RHI in mixed reality where we manipulated both the spatial calibration (shifts) and visuo-proprioceptive synchronicity (temporal delay). We investigated if this manipulation affected performance, proprioceptive mapping, SoE and the perception of the setup as a mediator. The results suggest a potential direct influence of SoE on task performance, particularly through enhanced calibration due to synchronicity, indicating potential benefits for sustained usage. Additionally, SoE is explored comprehensively, employing multiple tests assessing implicit and explicit dimensions of calibration.  
 Do learners make more pauses in instructional videos when taking notes?   
  Ng, Kaitlyn 
 In social interactions, inferring the interaction partner's hidden mental state is crucial for predicting their actions and optimiz- ing our responses. Effective models for this inference must account for how these mental states evolve due to the interac- tion history and environmental changes. For example, recog- nizing someone's emotional state can help forecast their be- havior. Our study investigates how making these latent states visible influences decision-making in social interactions. Us- ing the repeated trust game paradigm, we show how to use hid- den Markov models (HMM) to formally represent latent state dependent strategies of the players. HMMs fitted to human dyadic play in the trust game are then used to specify adap- tive AI agents that simulate changes in mental dispositions of human players, such as the level of trust in the opponent, dur- ing a repeated interaction. Making these artificial HMM based agents take the role of the investor and interact with real hu- man trustees, we then explore how displaying ‚Äúemotion‚Äù cues to the opponent's latent state affects people's actions. We find that the presence of cues was associated with more cooperative behavior from the human trustees, and that patterns of behav- ior that promote the maintenance of cooperation emerged in the presence of latent state cues and were transferred to set- tings where the cues were subsequently hidden.  
 A Little Goes a Long Way: How Gesture Visibility in Video Lectures Impacts Attention and Learning   
  Orchard, Jeff 
 Existing models of the basal ganglia assume the existence of separate channels of neuron populations for representing each available action. This type of localist mapping limits models to small, discrete action spaces, since additional actions require additional channels, costing neural resources and imposing new connective tracts. In contrast, evidence suggests that the basal ganglia plays a role in the selection of both discrete action units, and continuously-valued action kinematics. In this work, we model the basal ganglia with distributed action representations, using high-dimensional vectors. This method lends itself to representing both discrete and continuous action spaces. Vectors that represent actions are weighted by a scalar value (their salience to the current task), and bundled together to form a single input vector. This paper provides an overview of the encoding method and network structure, as well as a demonstration of the model solving an action selection task using spiking neurons.  
 Why Two Heads Together are Worse Than Apart: A Context-Based Account of Collaborative Inhibition in Memory Search   
  von der Malsburg, Titus 
 Some German adjective-compound-noun constructions (‚Äòsevere storm.warning') exhibit a bracketing paradox where an adjective semantically modifies the first noun N1 instead of the grammatically required last noun N2 thus violating compositionality. We present two experiments that examined the interpretation of nominal compounds and bracketing paradoxes. Experiment 1 showed that the semantic match of N1 and the adjective has a significant impact on the acceptability of Adj-N1N2 constructions. Experiment 2 probed the participants' adjective attachment choices as well as the relationship between and attachment and acceptability: While N2 attachments were most common, many constructions received mixed and some consistently bracketing paradox interpretations. High ratings for Adj-N2 were predictive of N2 attachment, but high Adj-N1 ratings led to bracketing paradox interpretations. These results are partially against grammatical expectations and suggest competition between the nouns for modification, likely due to semantic and/or pragmatic factors.  
 Acquisition of gender agreement depends on frequency distributions in specific contexts   
  Lake, Brenden 
 Language models (LMs) have demonstrated remarkable profi- ciency in generating linguistically coherent text, sparking dis- cussions about their relevance to understanding human lan- guage learnability. However, a significant gap exists between the training data for these models and the linguistic input a child receives. LMs are typically trained on data that is or- ders of magnitude larger and fundamentally different from child-directed speech (Warstadt & Bowman, 2022; Warstadt et al., 2023; Frank, 2023a). Addressing this discrepancy our research focuses on training LMs on subsets of a sin- gle child's linguistic input. Previously, Wang, Vong, Kim and Lake (2023) found that LMs trained in this setting can form syntactic and semantic word clusters and develop sen- sitivity to certain linguistic phenomena, but they only consid- ered LSTMs and simpler neural networks trained from just one single-child dataset. Here, to examine the robustness of learn- ability from single-child input, we systematically train six dif- ferent model architectures on five datasets (3 single-child and 2 baselines). We find that the models trained on single-child datasets showed consistent results that matched with previous work, underscoring the robustness of forming meaningful syn- tactic and semantic representations from a subset of a child's linguistic input. Keywords: learnability; single-child; distributional learning; robustness; language models  
 Harmonizing Program Induction with Rate-Distortion Theory   
  Lucas, Chris 
 The mechanisms of learning stimulus-stimulus relationships are a longstanding research subject in psychology and neuroscience. Although traditional computational models provide valuable insights into learning processes, they often focus on the average behavior of a population. Individual learning trajectories, however, exhibit a diverse range of behaviors not captured by these models. In this paper, we compare sampling-based process-level models (i.e., particle filters) to representative associative and causal models (i.e., augmented Rescorla-Wagner and PowerPC) in their ability to capture individual learning behavior. We use likelihood-free inference incorporating machine-learned summary statistics for model estimation. We conduct a simulation study to demonstrate high model identifiability and test the models on an existing dataset and a newly conducted experiment which replicates and extends previous studies. We find that most participants are best explained by a particle filtering account, but more targeted experimental designs are required to estimate the best-fitting sub-type of these particle filter models.  
 An Adaptive Learning System for Stepwise Automatisation of Multiplication Facts in Primary Education   
  De Vos, Connie 
 Spatial cognition and spatial language are a core site for diversity, both within and across language communities. For instance, when describing motion events, speakers through speech and gesture may anchor information either (egocentrically) to their body or (allocentrically) to geographical landmarks in the environment. Here we investigate whether the use of such egocentric versus allocentric frames of reference in co-speech gesture indeed depends on both bodily and environmental axes. In a real-world experiment, members from the traditionally allocentric Balinese community were shown small-scale motion events and asked to retell them. To evaluate the potential influence of both types of axes on gestural frame of reference use, in a 2x2 between-participant design they were assigned to conditions that contrasted the body-anchored axis the motion events unfolded on with the underlying geographical environment-anchored axis. It was observed that the type of body-anchored axis significantly predicted frame of reference representation in participants' gestures, consistent with previous research. The type of environment-anchored axes, however, did not affect characteristics of participants' gestures. These findings advance our understanding of the intricate interplay between language, space, culture, and environment.  
 Is There Flexibility in Letter-Position Encoding in Hindi? Evidence from Masked Form Priming Study   
  Li, Xiaosong 
 Command and control is a key activity in a war that determines whether the war is won or lost. A person's cognition can influence the decisions he makes in command and control. In this paper, we propose a method to assess the impact of cognitive manipulation techniques in command and control. We divide command and control activities into eight segments and use a hierarchical latent Dirichlet allocation model in natural language processing to discover the most important cognitive manipulation techniques at present. We completed the assessment process using the Quality Function Deployment Model. The results of the assessment show that judgement, decision-making, and planning in the command and control perspective are susceptible to cognitive manipulation techniques; the tactical level is more susceptible to cognitive manipulation techniques than the strategic campaign. Life sciences, digital technology, and other fields play a key role in command and control research under cognitive manipulation.  
 How are categories of intransitive verbs formed? The interaction between meaning and grammar based on evidence from children's acquisition   
 Lin, Kaiying 
 In the domain of Linguistics, the categories of intransitive verbs, namely the unaccusativity, is a long-debated topic. Unaccusativity suggests that intransitive verbs can be divided into unergative and unaccusative verbs, based on their subjects' similarity to the subjects of transitive verbs or the objects of transitive verbs. Previous research has discussed how the meaning of verbs can decide the unaccusativity of intransitive verbs, but the meanings of verbs alone still cannot predict the unaccusativity of intransitive verbs cross-linguistically. Moreover, while the sentential environment can have an impact on the categories of intransitive verbs, previous studies did not investigate how the environment plays a role in the categories. This paper examines this issue from child language acquisition. I select a few sentential environments in the children's corpus of Mandarin and conduct a qualitative analysis that suggests that these sentence environments indeed possess the properties of either category. In a child acquisition experiment, I show that when the category of verbal meanings and sentential environments align, the categorization of verbs is the most obvious and efficient. I introduce the concept of ‚Äòcompatibility' to describe this relationship between verb meaning and the sentential environment. These results suggest that speakers can infer the unaccusativity of verbs from a variety of sentence environments in language that may not be directly linked to the concept of unaccusativity, and the concept of ‚Äòcompatibility' in language environment is a crucial factor in the categories/categorization of unaccusativity.  
 Boundedness is Represented in Visual and Auditory Event Cognition   
 Tarakçı, Bahar | ; 
  Ünal, Ercenur 
 Viewers are sensitive to the distinction between visual events with an internal structure leading to a well-defined endpoint (bounded events) and events lacking this structure and a well-defined endpoint (unbounded events). Here, we asked whether boundedness could be represented in the auditory modality in a way similar to the visual modality. To investigate this question, we trained participants with visual and auditory events on bounded or unbounded event categories in a category identification task. Later, we tested whether they could abstract the internal temporal structure of events and extend the (un)boundedness category to new examples in the same modality. These findings suggest that the principles and constraints that apply to the basic units of human experience in the visual modality have their counterparts in the auditory modality.  
 Modeling Social Learning Through Demonstration in Multi-Armed Bandits   
  Blank, Idan A 
 Large Language Models (LLMs), which match or exceed human performance on many linguistic tasks, are nonetheless commonly criticized for not ‚Äúunderstanding‚Äù language. These critiques are hard to evaluate because they conflate ‚Äúunderstanding‚Äù with reasoning and common sense‚Äîabilities that, in human minds, are dissociated from language processing per se. Here, we instead focus on a form of understanding that is tightly linked to language: mapping sentence structure onto an event description of ‚Äúwho did what to whom‚Äù (thematic roles). Whereas LLMs can be directly trained to solve to this task, we asked whether they naturally learn to extract such information during their regular, unsupervised training on word prediction. In two experiments, we evaluated sentence representations in two commonly used LLMs‚ÄîBERT and GPT-2. Experiment 1 tested hidden representations distributed across all hidden units, and found an unexpected pattern: sentence pairs that had opposite (reversed) agent and patient, but shared syntax, were represented as more similar than pairs that shared the same agent and same patient, but differed in syntax. In contrast, human similarity judgments were driven by thematic role assignment. Experiment 2 asked whether thematic role information was localized to a subset of units and/or to attention heads. We found little evidence that this information was available in hidden units (with one exception). However, we found attention heads that reflected thematic roles independent of syntax. Therefore, some components within LLMs capture thematic roles, but such information exerts a much weaker influence on their sentence representations compared to its influence on human judgments.  
 HeCz: A large scale self-paced reading corpus of newspaper headlines   
  Butlin, Patrick 
 Reinforcement learning is a powerful model of animal learning in brief, controlled experimental conditions, but does not readily explain the development of behavior over an animal's whole lifetime. In this paper, we describe a framework to address this shortcoming by introducing the single-life reinforcement learning setting to cognitive science. We construct an agent with two learning systems: an extrinsic learner that learns within a single lifetime, and an intrinsic learner that learns across lifetimes, equipping the agent with intrinsic motivation. We show that this model outperforms heuristic benchmarks and recapitulates a transition from exploratory to habit-driven behavior, while allowing the agent to learn an interpretable value function. We formulate a precise definition of intrinsic motivation and discuss the philosophical implications of using reinforcement learning as a model of behavior in the real world.  
 Children spontaneously discover efficient sorting algorithms in a seriation task   
  Ke, Xiao 
 The dominant mental timelines of native Chinese speakers (Exp1) and Mandarin learners of near-native proficiency (Exp2) was examined with the spontaneous gesture task. The results demonstrated that (1) both groups produced horizontal, vertical, sagittal, fused horizontal and vertical, and fused horizontal and sagittal gestures for all kinds of Chinese temporal words, indicating a strong preference for horizontal over vertical gestures. (2) Negligible correlations between immediate spatio-temporal metaphors and the mental timelines were observed, with an almost non-existent difference in gesture distribution across metaphorical types between the two groups. The findings indicate that (1) the horizontal mental timeline is the dominant timeline for two groups; (2) visuospatial experience exerts a greater influence on temporal cognition; (3) mental timelines formed by the long-term effects of language may operate beyond the immediate metaphors, similar to the horizontal gestures. A unified model proposing embodied experience as the mechanism for activating mental timelines is presented.  
 Anticipating object shapes using world knowledge and classifier information: Evidence from eve-movements in L1 and L2 processing   
  van der Wel, Robrecht 
 Sense of Agency (SoA) is a core concept related to our experience as intentional agents in our environment. Explicit and implicit measures have been used to study SoA. Recent findings suggest that the most common implicit measure, namely Temporal Binding (TB), may reflect memory processes rather than SoA. Here, we implemented two TB measures and an explicit measure in a novel goal-directed extended action task to better understand SoA measures. Participants either watched or produced dot movements to a target of choice and then estimated the duration between two tones that played either upon movement completion (TB1, akin to traditional TB studies) or based on the start and end of movements (TB2). Participants reported stronger explicit SoA during active than passive movements. Results from neither TB version aligned with prediction based on TB-accounts as a reflection of SoA. We discuss memory-based and scaling accounts as alternative interpretations for our data.  
 Reasoning with Polysemes: When Default Inferences Beat Contextual Information   
  Reuter, Kevin 
 Is it tautological to call an action ‚Äúwrongful discrimination?‚Äù Some philosophers and political theorists answer this question in the affirmative and claim that the term ‚Äúdiscrimination‚Äù is intrinsically evaluative. Others agree that ‚Äúdiscrimination‚Äù usually conveys the action's moral wrongness but claim that the term can be used in a purely descriptive way. In this paper, we present two corpus studies and two experiments designed to test whether the folk concept of discrimination is evaluative. We demonstrate that the term has undergone a historical development and is nowadays no longer used purely descriptively. Further, we show that this evaluation cannot be cancelled without yielding a contradiction. We conclude that the descriptive use of ‚Äúdiscriminatory‚Äù is a thing of the past.  
 Decoding Expertise: Exploring Cognitive Micro-Behavioural Measurements for Graph Comprehension   
  Jamnik, Mateja 
 Transcription with Incremental Presentation of the Stimulus (TIPS) is a novel approach relying on micro-behaviours proposed by Colarusso and colleagues (2023) to study users' cognition with data visualizations. The study in this paper has two primary objectives: (a) investigate whether TIPS can measure an individual's competence with data visualizations; and (b) explore the potential enhancement of TIPS measures by normalizing them with the individual's performance on tests of visuo-spatial abilities and memory capacity. We test 30 participants with different expertise and cognitive skills. Results reveal that TIPS provides some promise for individual competence assessment, but only when normalized with the individual's performance on a test of rigid transformation of mental images. Other tests measuring visuospatial abilities or memory capacity did not produce effective normalizations.  
 Animate Agent World Modeling Benchmark   
  Scheutz, Matthias 
 Classical approaches to studying insight problem-solving typically use specialized problems (e.g., nine-dot problem, compound-remote associates task) as stimuli together with verbal reports from subjects during problem-solving to reveal their thought processes possibly adding other task-related metrics such as completion rate and physiological measures like eye fixation and neural activity. This approach has led to the claims that insight and creative thought require impasse and mental restructuring. What is missing from this literature is a cognitive process model of insight, and one reason for the lack of such a model is the lack of a unified scalable, and tunable experimental framework with which to study human creative problem-solving with higher fidelity. In this paper, we introduce ESCAPE, an experimental paradigm using puzzle video games as stimuli which allow for the collection of process data that can serve as a basis for computational models. We have specifically developed a set of puzzle games based on this paradigm and conducted experiments that demonstrate the utility of the approach by revealing a set of computational principles that need to be accounted for by a theory of creative problems and the computational models based on it.  
 Large Language Models for Collective Problem-Solving: Insights into Group Consensus Decision-Making   
  Hsiao, Janet 
 Recent research has found that autistic individuals have poorer performance and lower eye movement consistency in face recognition, which may be related to less face processing experience due to lack of social interests. Here we showed that this phenomenon was not observed in visual search tasks, as autistic individuals and matched neurotypicals had similar hit rate and precision as well as eye movement behavior when searching for either social (human) or non-social (vehicle) stimuli. However, autistic individuals had longer search time and made more and longer fixations, suggesting difficulties in identifying potential targets. This difficulty was not limited to social stimuli, supporting a domain-general view of deficits in autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Our findings have important implications for understanding the core mechanisms underlying social-cognitive impairment in ASD.  
 Why is Bach blue instead of red? Different strategies moderate people's color-music associations   
  Isa, Tadashi 
 Models of bottom-up visual attention such as the "saliency map" predict overt gaze under laboratory conditions while subjects view static images or videos while seated. Here, we show that the saliency map model predicts gaze at similar rates even when applied to video from a head-camera as part of a wearable eye-tracking system (Tobii Pro Glasses 2) while subjects drive an automobile or are passively driven while sitting in the front passenger-side seat. The ability of saliency to predict gaze varies depending on the driving task (saliency better predicts passenger gaze) and external conditions (saliency better predicts gaze at night). We further demonstrate that predictive performance is improved when the head-camera video is transformed to retinal coordinates before feeding it to the saliency model.  
 Mitigating Hallucinations in Large Language Models by Preprocessing Questions into Child-Comprehensible   
  Cząstkiewicz, Aleksandra 
 In this paper, we argue that action is involved in the creation and representation of perceptual objects. We introduce leading philosophical theories regarding the structure of perceptual objects in modality-independent and multisensory settings. These accounts omit action as a causal factor that can facilitate feature binding and serve as a structural component of perceptual objects. We argue that action does play this causal role due to the connections between the brain's motor system and perceptual processing as evidenced by neurophysiological and behavioral studies. These data include research on view-independent representations, peripersonal space, and event file coding. We conclude that to omit the influence of the motor system on the structure of perceptual objects is to have an incomplete account of object perception. Motor action is often required to drive the integration of sensory features into corresponding perceptual objects.  
 Neural evidence of visual-spatial influence on aural-verbal processes   
  Mareschal, Denis 
 Measuring the neural correlates of cognition in freely moving preschoolers presents several challenges. The current article describes a proof-of-principle study assessing brain activation in preschoolers while performing a naturalistic action planning task in the wild. Ninety-two children between 3 and 5 years of age built both a Duplo house and a Duplo spaceship. Both building tasks involve the completion of multiple subgoals within the overall goal. The results revealed an increase in oxyhaemoglobin activation in right DLPFC when planning for the next subgoal, as well as in a standard go/no-go inhibition task, suggesting that inhibition may play a special role in selecting subgoals at these ages. More generally, we demonstrate that fNIRS data can be recorded from moving preschoolers and that a multi-modal set-up including optical motion capture can allow the reconstruction of events of interest. Implications of the approach, as well as recommendations to improve data quality of wireless fNIRS in freely moving toddlers, are discussed.  
 Beyond synchrony: Exploring the social relevance of complexity matching.   
  Collin, Silvy H.P. 
 Situation models are known to help structure our experiences in our memory. But what are the ingredients of a situation model and to what degree do abstract event features contribute to updating of situation models? We manipulated abstract event feature dimensions and narrative specific factors in an experiment in which participants actively constructed a narrative from a random order of event descriptions. We investigated the influence of abstract factors (‚Äúdegree of feature-change‚Äù, ‚Äúevent position‚Äù) on response speeding during a subsequent oddball task. Participants were faster for oddballs with a different degree of feature change, which interacted with whether the oddball was from within the same story or from another story. When looking at other-story-oddballs only, we found an interaction between position within the event structure and degree of feature change. Our results suggest that people use abstractions of event features which are important for the instantiation of a situation model.  
 Choose and Use: Users' Selection of Information Sources for Decision Support   
  Gu, Yan 
 This study examines three types of vocal iconicity‚Äîsound effects, onomatopoeia, and iconic prosody‚Äîin Chinese child-directed speech (CDS), adult-directed speech (ADS), and child production. We analyzed a corpus of semi-spontaneous ADS and CDS from forty Chinese mother-child dyads, where the children were 18 and 24 months old. Our findings revealed that (1) mothers used significantly more sound effects and iconic prosody, but not onomatopoeias, in CDS compared to ADS. Interestingly, mothers' iconic prosody was also acoustically more congruent with lexical meanings; (2) The frequency of sound effects was lower than iconic prosody but higher than onomatopoeias; and (3) Chinese children aged 18 or 24 months seldom produced onomatopoeia or iconic prosody. These findings suggest that iconicity is more prevalent and prosodically marked in CDS than in ADS, which may help children's word-to-world mapping. Also, iconic prosody is an advanced prosodic skill that is not typically developed by two-year-old children.  
 Prediction of Users Perceptional State for Human-Centric Decision Support Systems in Complex Domains through Implicit Cognitive State Modeling   
  Butz, Martin V. 
 Humans learn that temporarily occluded objects continue to exist within the first months of their lives. Deep learning mod- els, on the other hand, struggle to generalize such concepts from observations, due to missing proper inductive biases. Here, we introduce the first self-supervised interpretable ma- chine learning model that learns about object permanence di- rectly from video data without supervision. We augment a slot- based autoregressive deep learning system with the ability to adaptively and selectively fuse latent imaginations with pixel- based observations into consistent object-specific ‚Äòwhat' and ‚Äòwhere' encodings over time. We show that (i) Loci-Looped tracks objects through occlusions and anticipates their reap- pearance while outperforming state-of-the-art baseline models, (ii) Loci-Looped shows signs of surprise when the principle of object permanence is violated, and (iii) Loci-Looped's internal latent loop is key for learning object permanence.  
 Our sweetest hours fly fastest...on smartphone   
  van Wassenhove, Virginie 
 The steady increase in time spent on smartphone applications and particularly on social networks, raises questions about the environmental and societal sustainability of such a phenomenon. Utility and enjoyment have a key role in such practices, but other factors such as passing time may also contribute. From May to November 2023, 5,028 people took part in a web survey aiming at producing durations prospectively using mobile applications like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Reading. The protocol introduces variables known to have an effect on time perception. On average, the produced durations were underestimated. This result is in line with the notion that tracking information and tracking time compete for the brain's limited attentional resources and, hence, that attention plays a critical role in time estimation. Significant differences emerged between the applications tested. TikTok and Reading tasks appear the most underestimate but with opposite dynamics as the level of satisfaction and familiarity are lower for the first compared to the former. Among the variables studied to explain the difficulties in evaluating time spent, the importance of familiarity with the activity is undoubtedly something worth exploring in the context of the race between new algorithms and cognitive adaptability.  
 Engaging Nonverbal Theory-of-Mind Boosts Novel Word Retention in Adults   
  Michaelis, Jens 
 We investigated the processing and interpretation of aspectual coercion in the case of non-culminating accomplishments in English and German. Two offline experiments employing an inference rating task showed that non-culminating accomplishments in both languages actually involve a shift in interpretation. Four self-paced reading experiments furthermore show that this type of coercion isn't costly - neither in German, a language lacking grammatical aspect, nor in English with an aspectual opposition between progressive and perfective forms. This lack of effect in processing coercion was obtained in a first pair of experiments using adverbial modification (sentence-internally) within the verb phrase and in a second pair of experiments in which aspectual coercion was triggered in a subsequent discourse unit. A final stops-making-sense experiment replicates the lack of effect for English and furthermore shows that the processing of non-culminating accomplishments does not incur a processing effect even in a task calling for immediate full interpretation.  
 Investigating Flexible Role Binding in AI Agents   
  Ho, Mark K 
 Humans can flexibly bind familiar functional roles to novel entities in their environment. For example, children who have the concept of ``goal posts'' can bind this abstract role to two hats placed on the street. In doing so, they can port over existing expectations of ``goal posts" for the duration of the game. In this paper, we seek to explore artificial agents' ability to perform flexible role binding and rebinding. To this end, we designed a Gridworld navigation game and tested a popular CNN-based agent which has had success in other tasks involving visual and spatial state spaces (e.g. Atari or Minigrid). To our surprise, we found that while this architecture was capable of overfitting to the training set, it was not able to learn flexible role binding without intervention. We ultimately show that with carefully engineered data augmentation techniques, our artificial agent is able to learn the task. This suggests that the diversity of the training dataset was a limiting factor.  
 A "Rational" Framework for Self-Control   
  Butz, Martin V. 
 Gricean maxims prescribe cooperative speakers to make their utterances maximally informative so that listeners have the highest chance of understanding the utterances. At the same time, speakers are expected to save effort and not produce descriptions that are more explicit than necessary. In this work, we first ask how predictability of the described events affects the choice of anaphoric referring expressions. We show that speakers prefer phonologically overt descriptions, such as definite NPs, when they refer to agents that behave in an unexpected way. We further test how the interpretation of referring expressions changes depending on the listening conditions and prior expectations about the plausibility of an event. Our work shows that the speaker's extra effort in choosing a more phonologically overt referring expression is justified by listeners' behavior: they report having heard an utterance which is more plausible than the originally spoken utterance and which contains additional phonological material.  
 Validity of Concept Mapping for Assessing Mental Models of System Functioning   
  Chaigneau, Sergio E. 
 This work provides an alternative account for deviations in human causal reasoning from normative predictions based on Causal Bayesian Networks (CBNs). We highlight violations of the Markov condition (Screening Off) and insufficient Explaining Away. Different from other accounts, our model does not assume that people fail to honor normative predictions due to reliance on heuristics, hidden nodes and links or cognitive limitations. Instead, we propose that people are rationally uncertain about the received causal model they are asked to reason with. We fitted the model to published data from two experiments where people were asked to make probability estimates on inferences of interest within a causal model. We find that the model is able to i) reproduce deviations from normative predictions, and ii) predict changes in the magnitude of these deviations across contexts. We conclude that assuming that people, in order to be rational, will always fully believe in the information they receive about a causal model may be too strong an assumption.  
 Brain Breaks: Teacher Usage And Child Preference   
  Cohen, Jonathan 
 The human cognitive system exhibits remarkable flexibility and generalization capabilities, partly due to its ability to form low-dimensional, compositional representations of the environment. In contrast, standard neural network architectures often struggle with abstract reasoning tasks, overfitting, and requiring extensive data for training. This paper investigates the impact of the relational bottleneck‚Äîa mechanism that focuses processing on relations among inputs‚Äîon the learning of factorized representations conducive to compositional coding and the attendant flexibility of processing. We demonstrate that such a bottleneck not only improves generalization and learning efficiency, but also aligns network performance with human-like behavioral biases. Networks trained with the relational bottleneck developed orthogonal representations of feature dimensions latent in the dataset, reflecting the factorized structure thought to underlie human cognitive flexibility. Moreover, the relational network mimics human biases towards regularity without pre-specified symbolic primitives, suggesting that the bottleneck fosters the emergence of abstract representations that confer flexibility akin to symbols.  
 Show me, don't teach me: Active exploration promotes children's relational reasoning   
  Momma, Shota 
 Semanticists have debated the extent to which modality and causation are related in natural language. This paper aims to promote a theory in which overt causatives share core components of meaning with deontic modals. We report a sentence recall experiment that suggests that priming can be used to target the high-level semantic representations shared between two syntactically distinct linguistic expressions. Our results show that it's possible to prime the production of the deontic modal 'had to' (e.g., ``George 'had to' go to the store"), with causative 'made' (e.g., ``Jane 'made' George go to the store''), suggesting that the two expressions share a component of their meaning. Our results contribute to the methodological development in experimental semantics by establishing the utility of the priming effect to target meaning.  
 The Role of Syntactic and Referential Evidence in Verb Learning across Exposures   
  Trueswell, John 
 Early word-learning opportunities are often highly ambiguous, with this problem being especially difficult for verbs. While a verb's syntax can help to identify the referent event from the environment, learners still need to contend with temporal and spatial misalignment between verbs and their referent events. Although children are shown to use syntax to infer verb meaning when there is initially no co-occurring referent event, it remains unclear what role syntax plays in verb learning across exposures in tandem with referential information. With three adult word-learning experiments, we showed that while syntax independently informed verb meaning in the absence of referents, it did not additionally constrain subsequent mappings when a referent was present. These results reveal both the power of syntax in cross-situational verb-learning‚Äìpersisting across exposures ‚Äìand its limitations‚Äìfailing to supersede co-present referents.  
 Explaining apparently impossible phenomena: difference between physical and mental effects   
  Yousefi, Sayeh 
 In this paper, we explore the Principle of Charity. This is an epistemic assumption that people should not judge people to be irrational unless they have an empirically justified account of what they are doing when they violate normative standards. Through two studies, we provide evidence in support of the principle. Study 1 suggests people believe others will arrive at the same conclusions they would themselves given the same information. Study 2 suggests that people assume others may differ in the subjective degrees of belief but that they broadly use the same (Bayesian) updating mechanism when evaluating information about other people. We believe this paper provides the first empirical test of this principle.  
 Uncertainty affects planning effort, but not plans   
  Messerli, Michael 
 In this paper, we confront two prevailing views of rationality‚Äîreason- and coherence-based theories‚Äîwith empirical facts. While the experimental resolution of the debate between both theories is challenging, we examine two cases in which these theories make distinct predictions regarding whether an agent is deemed rational or not. By directly pitting reason-based against coherence-based theories, our findings indicate that reasons play a more influential role in shaping people's attributions of rationality than coherence.  
 Regret Theory predicts decoy effects in risky and multiattribute choice   
  Stromswold, Karin 
 Languages differ in how they form questions that are equivalent to English questions such as who does John think Maria loves? in that the correct answer is who John thinks Maria loves, and not who Maria actually loves. Linguists disagree about how Polish makes such inquiries, and to date, no research has investigated how native Polish-speaking adults judge, process or produce these inquiries. In this paper, we investigated the nature of Polish questions via a corpus study, a grammaticality judgment study, and a spoken production study. Taken together, the results of these studies suggest that Polish has several syntactically distinct options for making these sorts of inquiries. Although, at first blush, this seems inconsistent with linguistic theories that argue against syntactic optionality, closer examination reveals that discourse context strongly affects which option is preferred. These findings highlight the importance of considering context, and the pitfall of studying sentences presented in isolation when evaluating linguistic or psycholinguistic claims.  
 Slow mapping words as incremental meaning refinement   
  Steinert-Threlkeld, Shane 
 The present study examines the feasibility of conducting iconic artificial language learning (ALL) experiments in a fieldwork setting. We taught the pictographic language from Shapiro and Steinert-Threlkeld (2023) to speakers of San Martín Peras Mixtec in Oaxaca, Mexico. In a qualitative analysis, we explore whether these speakers display similar word-ordering behaviors to those observed among other populations, while developing insights for future ALL field experiments. We show that iconic ALL offers a promising path forward for including understudied communities in the cognitive sciences.  
 A hierarchical Bayesian model for syntactic priming   
  Habgood, Jacob 
 The scientific potential of digital game studies in psychology is limited by the observational nature of the data that they investigate. However, digital environments present us with a perfect opportunity to incorporate experimental paradigms in complex interactive and multivariate worlds where each decision made by participants can be tracked and recorded. In this study, we demonstrate an industry-academic research collaboration that offers a proof-of-the-concept on how minor modifications of the game settings could be used to test psychological research questions. We modify the settings of the Zool platform game, where players allocated to the experimental group are provided with more information when in danger of dying in the game. Results of the study show that manipulation does not influence behaviour in the game, such as achieved score or number of deaths, but it changes the overall player's response of whether they will continue playing the game after the disappointing event of losing all their lives, game over event. In line with previous studies, the additional information provided through the experimental manipulation made death in the game more informative to the players.  
 Informativity and accessibility in incremental production of the dative alternation   
  Hartmann, Stephan 
 There is no guarantee that the set of possible theories that boundedly rational agents consider contains the true theory. And yet, these agents update their beliefs as new evidence comes in, leading to a conclusion about a particular domain. In this paper, we investigate under which conditions such agents arrive at sufficiently accurate beliefs compared to ideal agents. In doing so, we work within the framework of objective Bayesianism and draw on the literature on novel predictions in philosophy of science.  
 Benford's Law: Testing the Effects of Distributions and Anchors on Number Estimation   
  Carvalho, Paulo 
 Many college students drop out of STEM majors after struggling in gateway courses, in part because these courses have large time demands. The risk of attrition is higher for those from financially disadvantaged backgrounds who often work to pay for college, making such time commitments unfeasible. In two laboratory experiments with different topics (central tendency and linear regression), we identified a promising approach to increase the efficiency of STEM instruction. When we removed instructional videos and taught participants exclusively with practice and feedback, they learned 2-3 times faster. However, our research also showed that this instructional strategy has the potential to undermine interest in course content for less-confident students, who may be discouraged when challenged to solve problems without upfront instruction and learn from their mistakes. If researchers and educators can develop engaging and efficacy-building activities that replace lectures, STEM courses could become better, more equitable learning environments.  
 Full-Information Optimal-Stopping Problems: Providing People with the Optimal Policy Does not Improve Performance   
  Baumann, Christiane 
 In optimal-stopping problems, people encounter options sequentially with the goal of finding the best one; once it is rejected, it is no longer available. Previous research indicates that people often do not make optimal choices in these tasks. We examined whether additional information about the task's environment enhances choices, aligning people's behaviour closer to the optimal policy. Our study implemented two additional-information conditions: (1) a transparent presentation of the underlying distribution and (2) a provision of the optimal policy. Our results indicated that while choice patterns varied weakly with additional information when providing the optimal policy, it did not significantly enhance participants' performance. This finding suggests that the challenge in following the optimal strategy is not only due to its computational complexity; even with access to the optimal policy, participants often chose suboptimal options. These results align with other studies showing people's reluctance to rely on algorithmic or AI-generated advice.  
 The alignment problem in curriculum learning   
  Franke, Michael 
 Human communication is based on a variety of inferences that we draw from sentences, often going beyond what is literally said. While there is wide agreement on the basic distinction between entailment, implicature, and presupposition, the status of many inferences remains controversial. In this paper, we focus on three inferences of plain and embedded disjunctions, and compare them with regular scalar implicatures. We investigate this comparison from the novel perspective of the predictions of state-of-the-art large language models, using the same experimental paradigms as recent studies investigating the same inferences with humans. The results of our best performing models mostly align with those of humans, both in the large differences we find between those inferences and implicatures, as well as in fine-grained distinctions among different aspects of those inferences.  
 GPT-ology, Computational Models, Silicon Sampling: How should we think about LLMs in Cognitive Science?   
  Gotzner, Nicole 
 When someone says 'My soup was warm', they are often understood as saying that it was warm, but not hot. This is assumed to arise via a scalar implicature. According to the standard assumption, 'warm' and 'hot' are in competition and by saying 'warm', we reason that the speaker did not intend to convey 'hot'. This exclusion of alternatives should apply uniformly to any expression that can be ordered on a scale. Yet there are substantial differences in the endorsement rates of the strengthened meaning between various scales. These could be due to the availability of expressions or to the underlying semantic structure. We use priming to measure how active in the mind lexical expressions are. Contrary to the standard assumption, the more an expression was primed, the less likely a scalar implicature was endorsed. We discuss how the semantic structure of adjectives can support pragmatic reasoning without lexical alternatives.  
 Episodic memory in causal reasoning about singular events   
  Werning, Markus 
 Recent literature often presents memory as ultimately dealing with the future‚Äìhelping the organism to anticipate events and increase its adaptive success. Yet, the distinct contribution of episodic (as opposed to semantic) memory to future-oriented simulations remains unclear. We claim that episodic memory yields adaptive success because of its crucial role in singular counterfactual causal reasoning, which thus far has been mostly ignored in the literature. Our paper presents a causal inference model based on the predictive processing framework and the minimal trace account of episodic memory. According to our model, evaluating the cause of an event involves (i) generating an episodic memory related to the said potential cause, (ii) constructing a counterfactual scenario through inhibition of the relevant part of the past episode, and (iii) temporal evolution followed by alternative model evaluation.  
 Distributional Language Models and the Representation of Multiple Kinds of Semantic Relations   
  Jamnik, Mateja 
 Index systems are central to our everyday and intellectual lives. Their ubiquity and diversity make them an important class of cognitive artifacts, the study of which has implications for our understanding of representational systems in general. This paper builds schema-theoretic network models of the nature of the memory structures, that underpin the interpretation of indexing systems. We identify four common classes of index systems. Using Representation Interpretation Structure Theory, we ex-plain how the four basic classes can be responsible for the substantial diversity among index systems.  
 Interpretation of Novel Literary Metaphors by Humans and GPT-4   
  Corral, Daniel 
 The Locally Bayesian Learning (LBL) approach bridges the gap between optimal Bayesian learning and suboptimal performance that arises from human behavior. Although this learning model has considerable potential, it has been underdeveloped and has remained in its original form for several decades. In this paper, we extend the original LBL model to an exemplar approach, which we refer to as the exemplar-LBL model. Two notable features of this extension are that (a) the model can take continuous features as inputs and (b) can conduct exemplar-based categorization. We report various simulations, which show that the model can generate numerous important predictions about category learning. Additionally, we introduce the extra-learning hypothesis, which can account for how classification and observation training can produce differential learning. Our results showcase scenarios under which classification training is superior to observation training and other instances in which the opposite occurs.  
 Perceptual Similarity and the Relationship Between Folk and Scientific Bird Classification   
  Yousefi, Sayeh 
 This paper sought to understand the impact of labelling an argument as AI-generated compared to human-authored, and how factors such as portrayals of expertise and the nature of arguments presented (narrative versus statistical) may affect the persuasiveness of the arguments. Three domains were explored: health, finance, and politics. We show that arguments with AI source labels, both non-expert and expert, were rated by participants as less persuasive than when they had their counterpart human-authored source labels attached. Moreover, although the statistical arguments were found to be more persuasive than the narrative arguments, this did not affect the impact of an AI source label, with a significant interaction effect only being seen for the domain of politics for the expert AI source. The study explored the role of attitude towards AI on the impact of source labels as an exploratory analysis and found no significant interaction effect across the three domains.  
 A blocked learning curriculum reduces age-related deficits in memory   
  Lagnado, David 
 We observe causal relationships naturally and quickly in events that we experience in our life. The current research investigates if causal events like collisions attract our attention to other changes in objects involved in the causal event. Participants reported colour changes in two objects, one involved in a causal event (collision) and the other independent. Aligning with our expectation, we observed that participants are more likely to report the colour change involved in the causal event when it happened at the same time as the collision. Against our prediction however, we observed a similar effect when colour changes happened before the collision, while the difference was less strong when the colour changes happened after the collision. One possible explanation is that the effect stems from participants anticipating causal events, leading them to pay extra attention to objects potentially involved in collisions. This focused attention makes participants more likely to notice colour changes during the anticipation period, which means people are actively devoting more cognitive resources anticipating and confirming causal interactions. This finding suggests that people prioritise causal observations in visual search tasks.  
 Can Grammatical Gender Override Gender Stereotypes?   
  Degen, Judith 
 This paper explores how speakers choose between two utterance alternatives with similar syntactic properties and distinct yet related meanings. We consider the interaction of two speaker pressures: to mention accessible lexical items early in the utterance and to mention informative content early in the utterance, the latter of which is explicitly predicted by an incremental Rational Speech Act (IRSA) model. In Exp. 1, we observed a significant effect of accessibility on utterance choice in an online spoken production task, which elicited descriptions of the relationship between two entities using a provided verb. We found that making entities more accessible via foregrounding led speakers to mention them earlier. In Exp. 2, an interactive production task, both informativity and foregrounding were manipulated. While IRSA predicts more informative content to be mentioned earlier in the sentence, we observed neither significant effects of informativity nor of accessibility. Consistent with recent work on Good-Enough theories of production, we conclude that even when two sentences are not entirely meaning-equivalent, production choices can be affected by lexical accessibility; the pressure to mention informative material early, however, should be investigated further  
 Effects of Context on the Use of Descriptive Verbs   
  Verheyen, Steven 
 The recent surge in the use of AI-powered chatbots such as ChatGPT has led to new challenges in academia. These chatbots can enable student plagiarism and the submission of misleading content, undermining educational objectives. With plagiarism detectors unreliable in the face of this issue, educational institutions have been struggling to update their policies apace. This study assesses the effectiveness of sending warning messages - a common strategy used to discourage unethical use of ChatGPT - and investigates the use of the illusion of explanatory depth (IOED) paradigm as an alternative intervention. An international sample of students was asked to rate their understanding of, likelihood to use, and moral stance toward ChatGPT-generated text in assignments both before and after either reading a cautionary university message or explaining how ChatGPT works. Results showed that the explanation task did lead to the expected reduction in ratings of understanding, but despite this, neither moral acceptability nor likelihood to use decreased along with it. Similarly, reading the cautionary message neither resulted in a change in likelihood to use nor in moral acceptability, although it unexpectedly increased ratings of understanding. The results suggest that tackling students' understanding of ChatGPT is insufficient when it comes to deterring its unethical use, and that future interventions might want to have students reflect on moral issues surrounding the use of AI-powered chatbots.  
 "I should have known!" How foreseeability influences children's experiences of regret   
  Kiss, Szabolcs 
 In this paper we report an investigation of how concepts of integer number combine with those of mindreading. We used tasks that require explicit thought and verbal responses, and examined children between 6-10 years of age. We designed four experiments to look at the intersection of quantification and mindreading in development using two combination tasks: (i) visual perspective taking and number; (ii) false belief and number. In both, children needed to coordinate between simple mathematical operations (counting and addition), and reconstructing an agent's visual or mental perspective. Although all preschoolers were proficient in counting, and the majority of them passed the false-belief task, the false belief and number task proved surprisingly difficult, and was not mastered before age 8. After briefly discussing theories of concept combination, we offer a performance-based explanation of this difficulty.  
 Differential Cognitive Effects of Extended Hypoxia   
 Treur, Jan 
 To conceptualise biological and mental processes, often a dynamical systems perspective is suggested. In addition to dynamics, the structure of the contextual makeup or world configuration (of an organism or brain) plays a crucial role too, as well as adaptivity of the processes. This paper provides a conceptual perspective where the structure, dynamics, and adaptivity of these processes are distinguished and related to each other via adaptive dynamical systems. Moreover, it is shown how networks can be used to represent this conceptual perspective. Here an adaptive dynamical system of any order of adaptivity can be covered where any level can exert control over the level below. The approach is illustrated by case studies for higher-order adaptive evolutionary processes. One of these case studies shows a fifth-order adaptive dynamical system that models how due to bad environmental influences at a young age, epigenetic effects can lead to a lifelong mental disorder.  
 Exogenous Self-Blame Modulates Charitable Giving   
  Wellwood, Alexis C 
 Studies of visual event individuation often consider people's representations of activities involving agents performing complex tasks. Concomitantly, theories of event individuation emphasize predictions about agents' intentions. Studies that have examined simple, non-agential occurrences leave open the possiblity that principles of visual object individuation play a role in visual event individuation. Unearthing principles that may be sufficient for event individuation which are distinct both from predictions about agents' intentions and from visual object individuation, we draw on and extend studies that reveal object and event representation to be deeply analogous in our cognitive economy. We provide evidence that ‚Äòtemporal shaping' is a sufficient low-level perceptual criterion for the visual individuation of events. In our study, temporal shaping is effected by the introduction of pauses into an otherwise continuous process. Future studies should address other visual mechanisms for introducing temporal shaping (e.g., color changes).  
 Generating Distributed Randomness using Artificial Neural Networks   
  Trueblood, Jennifer 
 Attention plays a central role in multi-alternative multiat- tribute decision-making but the cognitive mechanisms for it are elusive (Yang & Krajbich, 2023; Molter, Thomas, Huet- tel, Heekeren, & Mohr, 2022; Trueblood, 2022). In this project, we explored the role of bottom-up attention by manipulating the salience of different options in a multi-alternative, multi-attribute choice display. Behaviorally, we observed that salience interacts with choice, where the salient option is selected more often, especially in quick decisions. Using computational modeling, we tested two different hypotheses for how salience impacts decision-making for different individuals. We tested (i) if salience created an initial bias in the decision-making process, and (ii) if salience impacted the comparisons that are made during the decision-making process. We find that there are large individual differences in the mechanism through which salience impacts choice. For many individuals, there was no impact of salience. However, for a sizable minority, salience created an initial boost in selecting the salient option. We do not find strong evidence for the impact of salience in the comparison process. In exploratory analyses, we observe that the impact of salience in decision-making is correlated with thinking styles. Our results indicate that salience-driven attention might impact decision-making in different ways for individuals.  
 Exploring the Discrepancy between Explicit and Implicit Keyboard Memory: The Role of Linguistic and Sensorimotor Context   
  Ragni, Marco 
 Over time, there has been a change in how students acquire and exchange information, with laptops and smartphones becoming increasingly important. The use of technology has evolved from being restrained du to the classroom to being crucial due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As education shifts towards hybrid models, students are now expected to learn at home, which can be challenging as excessive technology usage and a lack of self-discipline can lead to more distractions. This paper examines the effects of the influence of these distractions with the help of two concepts similar to assignments in students' lives: text comprehension & memorization, as well as example-based learning, in which the function of an apparatus was to be tested and described. The results show that distraction does not affect text comprehension but decreases information retention. Additionally, participants required more trials and repetitions to understand schemes in example-based learning when distracted.  
 An Infant-Cognition Inspired Machine Benchmark for Identifying Agency, Affiliation, Belief, and Intention   
  Moss, Jarrod 
 The way working memory, attention, and long-term memory interact is an important question given the role these cognitive systems play in many tasks. In this paper, we present a study examining prior counterintuitive results that show that prioritization of some stimuli aids learning but hurts performance at a delayed test. In this study, we use eye tracking to measure attention consistency, to examine the effect of prioritization and working memory load on recall accuracy. The goal was to assess two possible explanations of the negative effect of prioritization on a delayed test. Our results indicate that prioritization reduces response time and increases accuracy during learning of associations. However, the negative effect of prioritization on a delayed test is replicated with participants showing higher accuracy for non-prioritized items during testing. Measures of attention shifting and consistency impact learning performance but do not explain the negative prioritization effect at test.  
 Event-General Conceptual Categories Organize Verb Semantics and Acquisition Cross-linguistically   
  Papafragou, Anna 
 Languages vary in the ways they package the conceptual components of motion events into verbs. In a series of experiments, we examined the use of event-general conceptual categories of MANNER and RESULT during verb learning. We tested the accessibility of these concepts within and across domains of spontaneous motion and caused motion events, in speakers of typologically different languages (English and Spanish). Our results indicate that learners can adapt new lexicalization biases that may differ from those present in their own native language, and generalize them to novel instances of the same class of verbs. Furthermore, our data also indicate that under certain contexts, learners can transfer these newly learned biases to a different event domain, suggesting that event-general conceptual categories are psychologically available to learners.  
 If it looks like online control, it is probably model-based control   
  Marengo, Luigi 
 Several recent contributions to the research on group problem solving suggest that reducing the connectivity between agents in a social network may be epistemically beneficial. This notion stems from the idea that collective problem-solving behavior may benefit from the transient diversity in agents' beliefs due to increased individual exploration and decreased social influence. At the same time, however, lower connectivity hinders the diffusion of good solutions between network members. Our simulation findings shed light on this trade-off. We identify conditions under which the less-is-more effect is likely to manifest. Our findings suggest that a community consisting of semi-isolated groups could provide an answer to the tension between diversity and diffusion.  
 Opinion Averaging versus Argument Exchange   
  Burton, Jason W. 
 Opinion averaging is a common means of judgment aggregation that is employed in the service of crowd wisdom effects. In this paper, we use simulations with agent-based models to highlight contexts in which opinion averaging leads to poor outcomes. Specifically, we illustrate the conditions under which the optimal posterior prescribed by a normative model of Bayesian argument exchange diverges from the mean belief that would be arrived at via simple averaging. The theoretical and practical implications of this are discussed.  
 Is the asymmetry in negative strengthening the result of adjectival polarity or face considerations?   
  Pisoni, David 
 Searching through memory is mediated by complex interactions between the underlying mental lexicon and the processes that operate on this lexicon. However, these interactions are difficult to study due to the effortless manner in which neurotypical individuals perform cognitive tasks. In this work, we examine these interactions within a sample of prelingually deaf individuals with cochlear implants and normal hearing individuals who were administered the verbal fluency task for the "animals" category. Specifically, we tested how different candidates for underlying mental lexicons and processes account for search behavior within the verbal fluency task across the two groups. The models learned semantic representations from different combinations of textual (word2vec) and speech-based (speech2vec) information. The representations were then combined with process models of memory search based on optimal foraging theory that incorporate different lexical sources for transitions within and between clusters of items produced in the fluency task. Our findings show that semantic, word frequency, and phonological information jointly influence search behavior and highlight the delicate balance of different lexical sources that produces successful search outcomes.  
 A high-dimensional semantic space of emotion representations support circumplex structure   
  Acciai, Alessandro 
 This paper provides an epistemological and methodological analysis of the practice of using neural language models to simulate brain language processing. Firstly, neural language models are introduced; a study case showing how neural language models are being applied in cognitive neuroscience for simulative purposes is then presented; after recalling the main epistemological features of the simulative method in artificial intelligence, it is finally examined how the simulative method is modified when using neural language models. In particular, it is argued that the epistemic opacity of neural language models requires that the brain itself be used to simulate the model and to test hypotheses about the model, in what is called here a co-simulation.  
 Cognitive Science is (largely) Psychological Science   
  Miwa, Kazuhisa 
 The present study examines the effects of novelty seeking (NS) personality trait on the undervaluation of product creativity, specifically the tendency to undervalue the usefulness of novel ideas or products, a bias termed ‚Äúusefulness undervaluation bias‚Äù. Creativity is defined by novelty and usefulness, and it has been reported that there is a bias to undervalue the usefulness of novel creations due to uncertainty in judging it. In this study, two studies were conducted to determine whether individuals with high NS are reduced in this bias. Study 1 confirmed that individuals with higher NS rated creativity more positively, consistent with previous findings on openness to experience. Study 2 showed that raters with higher NS were less likely to underrate the usefulness of novel products, suggesting that NS moderates the relationship between perceived novelty and usefulness. These findings indicate that personality trait, especially NS, play an important role in creativity evaluation.  
 Rates of Spiritual Presence Events   
 Analogical reasoning is one of the most common ways individuals bring previous experience to bear on unfamiliar situations. Most theories describe this process as a structured comparison that involves mapping the relational properties between a familiar source and unfamiliar target. This both allows the transfer of useful inferences from the source to the target and highlights the common structure shared by both analogs, represented by an abstract schema. This schema can help with identifying and reasoning about structurally similar situations in the future. While researchers have studied how representations of source and target analogs undergo alterations as a result of this mapping process, little attention has been paid to how the abstract schemas thought to guide future analogical reasoning might similarly change with use. We explore this question in two experiments and present evidence that suggests abstract schemas do indeed drift under certain conditions.  
 Attention Due to Arousal Can Both Hinder and Facilitate the Discovery of Relations   
 Hristova, Penka | ; 
  Darby, Kevin P 
 Metacognitive confidence judgments are frequently adopted as a measure of certainty in decision-making tasks, but the mechanisms that underly these judgments have been long debated. In this work, we investigate the effect of the timing of confidence judgments in memory decisions by querying confidence immediately after, with a 3-second delay, or in a separate phase within an associative recognition task. An additional control condition did not probe confidence judgments at all to investigate how metacognitive monitoring may influence the memory decision-making process itself. The results indicate changes in memory performance and response times in conditions where confidence judgments were made, as well as a stronger association between confidence and accuracy when confidence was probed following a 3-second delay. We discuss the implications of these results regarding post- decision processing of metacognitive confidence and the bidirectional relationship between memory and metacognition.  
 A network model of English derivational morphology   
  Griffiths, Tom 
 Humans have the remarkable ability to learn new categories from few examples, but how few examples can we actually learn from? Recent studies suggest it may be possible to learn more novel concepts than the number of examples. Previous approaches to such less-than-one-shot (LO-shot) learning used soft labels to provide weighted mappings from each example to multiple categories. Unfortunately, people find soft labels unintuitive and this approach did not provide plausible, cognitively-grounded mechanisms for LO-shot learning at scale. We propose a new paradigm that leverages well-established learning strategies: reducing complex stimuli to primitives, learning by discrimination, and generalizing to novel compositions of features. We show that participants can learn 22 categories from just 4 examples, shedding light on the mechanisms involved in LO-shot learning. Our results provide valuable insights into the human ability to learn many categories from limited examples, and the strategies people employ to achieve this impressive feat.  
 Using instruction checks to measure source understanding in analogical transfer of insight solutions   
  Ormerod, Thomas C 
 Analogical transfer between source and target problems ought to be a major contributor to problem-solving and learning. Yet, data from laboratory studies show that successful spontaneous analogical transfer does not reliably occur in the absence of explicit hints to analogize, in the presence of a delay between source and target, or when there are extensive filler tasks, a finding attributed to the complexity of analogy retrieval and mapping. Here, we show that participants solving variants of the Cards problem often failed to show transfer between source and target problems that shared both conceptual and superficial similarities. Frequency of re-inspecting the task instructions was a significant predictor of transfer, with participants successful at T2 requiring fewer re-inspections. The results suggest that analogical transfer may be limited, not just by the difficulty of mapping between source and target, but by a lack of conceptual understanding of the source and its solution, even when the source is solved.  
 FlexDDM: A flexible decision-diffusion Python package for the behavioral sciences   
  Radvansky, Gabriel A. 
 This study assessed the holistic and fragmented retention and forgetting of event models. We report four experiments that manipulated causality, co-reference, events versus objects, and description determinacy. While increased causal connections among events increased holistic remembering, there was no clear effect for manipulations of co-reference, events versus objects, or determinacy. Thus, our work suggests that there are limits to the extent to which different types of events are remembered and forgotten in a holistic or fragmented manner. That said, all of our event did show significantly greater than chance holistic remembering, suggesting that the very act of creating event models leads these memories to be remembered or forgotten as wholes to a greater extent.  
 Variations in explainers' gesture deixis in explanations related to the monitoring of explainees' understanding   
  Piñango, Maria M 
 We investigate the relation between conceptual and syntactic structure by focusing on the phenomenon of circumstantial metonymy e.g., ‚ÄúTable #6 wants another pizza‚Äù. We hypothesize that the construal of a metonymic interpretation is facilitated when the metonymized argument e.g., ‚ÄúTable #6‚Äù is retrieved before the metonymy-trigger e.g., ‚Äúwants‚Äù, since this gives the processor more time to build the event structure that metonymy demands. This predicts greater cost of metonymy composition when the argument is in object position (after the trigger) relative to subject position (before the trigger). An acceptability task shows a main effect of metonymy for both syntactic positions. A self-paced reading task demonstrates a cost for metonymy only in object position. This indicates that the cost of metonymy composition is rooted in the requirement that the conceptual structure for the metonymic argument be fully retrieved, a process constrained by the order of lexical retrieval provided by syntactic structure.  
 Behavioural and theoretical support for ranking theory as an alternative model of human uncertainty representation   
  Kuniyoshi, Yasuo 
 In human visual cognition, there are two types of cognition: holistic cognition, in which the whole is perceived as it is, and featural cognition, in which attention is directed to the components of an object. Navon figures are images that are commonly used for the study of holistic and featural processing in vision. In this paper, we propose a machine learning model that performs unsupervised learning to separate the global and local shapes of Navon figures. In the experiments, by introducing a model that learns image features by exploiting algebraic independence, the global and local shapes of Navon figures were successfully separated and the latent space representing each feature was learned. It was also shown that the feature separation ability was improved by making the structure of the neural network asymmetric. However, the components of the Navon figures used in this study were identical; the proposed model cannot direct attention to each component of Navon figures. Therefore, a model that can direct attention to each component and learn its feature is required in the future.  
 Building Abstraction: The Role of Representation and Structural Alignment in Learning Causal System Categories   
  Fourtassi, Abdellah 
 The paper investigates the development of conversational skills in preschool children, focusing on their ability to adopt flexible roles in dialogues. We specifically analyze children's coordinated behavior in question-response-follow-up sequences, both as Initiators and Responders, using a longitudinal French corpus of child-caregiver spontaneous interactions. While preschool children showed growing sophistication in their ability to initiate and respond appropriately within conversations, they still had qualitative differences with adults, especially as initiators, suggesting further development beyond preschool. The findings contribute to our understanding of how conversational skills develop in early childhood and the role these skills play in broader cognitive and social development.  
 Influence of Vocal Cues on Perception of Traits: Evidence from Educational Context   
  Ezra Tsur, Elishai 
 While subjective visual experiences are remarkably stable and coherent, their underlying data is incomplete and heavily influenced by the eyes' saccadic rhythm. In this work, we show that a deep and recurrent neural network can effectively reconstruct vibrant images from restricted retinal inputs during active vision. Our method includes the creation of a dataset for synthetic retinal inputs, containing intensity, color, and event-camera-generated motion data. We demonstrate the importance of both long-short-term memory and corollary discharge signals to image stabilization and the system's sensitivity to noise, corresponding to recent experimental findings. Our study contributes to the advancement of realistic and dynamic models for image reconstruction, providing insights into the complexities of active visual perception.  
 Effects of Eye Movement Patterns and Scene-Object Relations on Description Production   
  Williams, Tom 
 A key task in natural language generation (NLG) is Referring Expression Generation (REG), in which a set of properties are selected to describe a target referent. Computational cognitive models of REG typically focus on REG-in-context, where the referring expressions are designed to take into account the conversational context into which they are to be generated. However, in practice, these methods only focus on linguistic context of the text into which they are to be inserted. We argue that to develop robust models of naturalistic human referring, REG will need to move beyond linguistic context, and account for cognitive and environmental context as well. That is, we propose that a cognitivist, interactionist, and situated approach to modeling REG is needed. In this paper, we present GAIA, a Givenness Hierarchy theoretic model of REG, and demonstrate the immediate qualitative benefits of this model over the traditional REG model which it extends.  
 Searching for Argument-Counterargument Relationships in Vector Embedding Spaces   
  Pomiechowska, Barbara 
 According to prominent accounts of early action understanding, infants' interpretation of others' actions is undergirded by an assumption of utility maximization. However, it is unclear whether this assumption applies only to selection among actions or also to selection among goals. Here, using an eye-tracking paradigm, we investigated whether 14- to 16-month-old infants would predict an agent to choose a lower-cost option when faced with two identical outcomes that could be reached at different costs. Infants directed more looks to the lower-cost option, and this effect was not merely due to visual saliency. These findings corroborate the proposal that infants rely on utility maximization when reasoning about an agent's likely goal and provide evidence of an early ability to represent and compare alternatives in the context of goal attribution.  
 Two-year-olds can reason about the temporal structure of their performance   
  Hoek, Jet 
 In multi-clause sentences, which clause carries the at-issue point is expected to be influenced by whether a clause is at the Right Frontier: Last-uttered clauses or clauses that subordinate these are expected to be at-issue. In a Dutch forced-choice experiment, we measure the rate at which comprehenders interpret an ambiguous pronoun to refer to one of two possible antecedents in a preceding sentence. We manipulated the type (matrix vs. subordinate) and position (sentence-early vs. sentence-final) of the clauses hosting the antecedents, as well as the topicality of the subject (mentioned in context vs.not mentioned in context). We find no effect of topicality, but we find that clause position and type influence the at-issue status of clauses within multi-clause sentences in Dutch: When multiple clauses are at the Right Frontier, sentence-final clauses are more likely hosts for at-issue content, and matrix clauses more so than subordinate clauses in this position.  
 The Influence of Stimulus Type on Language Processing in Comprehension   
  Chaouch-Orozco, Adel 
 Numbers and pictures are the two most frequently used types of experimental stimuli in bilingual language control studies. However, the potential qualitative differences in the representation and processing of these stimuli could involve the recruitment of divergent cognitive mechanisms. This paper investigates the influence of stimulus type (numbers vs pictures) on language processing in bilingual comprehension, specifically examining whether semantic connections between numbers impact language switching. We tested Chinese-English-Spanish trilinguals in two cross-modal matching tasks (i.e., a picture-word matching task and a magnitude-number matching task) in the context of the n-2 language switching paradigm. Contrary to the n-2 repetition cost observed in previous studies employing the same paradigm, our findings reveal an n-2 repetition benefit. Crucially, the n-2 repetition effect was observed only with numbers. We discuss the findings in relation to the prevalent language control mechanisms and how lexical associations between numbers may give rise to the observed difference.  
 Déjà Vu: Eye Movements in Repeated Reading   
  Thill, Serge 
 In hierarchical perception-action (PA) learning, agents discover invariants between percepts and actions that are structured hierarchically, from very basic immediate links to higher-level, more abstract notions. In practice, existing work tends to either focus on the general theory at the expense of details of the proposed mechanisms, or specify a-priori the contents of some layers. Here, we introduce a framework that does without such constraints. We demonstrate the framework in a simple 2D environment using an agent that has minimal perceptual and action abilities. We vary the perceptual abilities of the agent to explore how the specifics of this aspect of the agent's body might affect PA learning and find unexpected consequences. The contribution of this paper is therefore twofold, (1) we add a novel framework to the literature on PA learning, using, in particular curiosity-based reinforcement learning (RL) to implement the necessary learning mechanisms, and (2) we demonstrate that even for very simple agents, the relation between the specifics of an agent's body and its cognitive abilities is not straightforward.  
 Effect of similarity and training experiences on new vocabulary learning   
  Dommett, Katharine 
 Citizens in a democracy must navigate an increasingly dense information landscape. Regulation can aid this navigation by mandating disclosures of the source and nature of political campaign material. In many countries, legislators are increasing transparency requirements for online advertising in particular. The current paper looks at how and if citizens use such disclaimers to infer the intent of political advertisers during the process of a trust evaluation. This paper describes a survey experiment that specifically investigates evaluations of unknown campaigners, theorising such conditions will maximise any effect disclaimers have on trust. Testing both sponsorship and micro-targeting disclaimers, no support is found for the theoretical claim that viewing a disclaimer can increase how trustworthy a political advertiser is perceived to be. There is preliminary support that, for some individuals, viewing a disclaimer increases scepticism.  
 Assessment of Multiple Systemic Human Cognitive States using Pupillometry   
  Scheutz, Matthias 
 How to best and robustly detect human systemic cognitive states like workload, sense of urgency, mind wandering, interference, and others is still an open question as the answer essentially depends both on the employed physiological measurements as well as the trained computational classification models. In this paper, we analyze data from a human driving experiment to explore the validity of eye gaze in assessing different systemic cognitive states and relations among them. Our statistical analyses and classification results indicate that eye gaze, in particular the percentage change in pupil size (PCPS), is a reliable physiological biomarker in assessing multiple systemic human cognitive states including workload, sense of urgency (SoU), and mind wandering (MW) while it does not seem suitable to detect task interference (which can be assessed based on participant's response times.  
 How spatial simulations distinguish "tracking" verbs   
  Khemlani, Sangeet 
 We describe the verbs pursue, chase, and follow as ‚Äútracking‚Äù verbs because they share conceptual similarities: they are all motion verbs that describe a dynamic spatial relation between two entities, as in ‚Äúthe cat chased the mouse‚Äù. What distinguishes them from one another? If, as some cognitive scientists argue, mental simulations underlie the way the mind processes all motion verbs ‚Äî including those that describe static scenarios, such as run in ‚Äúthe road runs through the desert‚Äù ‚Äî then those simulations may explain the differences between tracking verbs. For instance, chase and pursue may describe conceptually faster motion than follow. We tested this hypothesis in two experiments. The studies presented participants with imagery of one car chasing another along a straight road. In Experiment 1, participants estimated the distance that the pursued car would travel 3 seconds into the future by dragging a slider to an appropriate point on the road. In Experiment 2, participants estimated the distance by selecting from several distance options on a logarithmic scale. Both studies validated the hypothesis that chase and pursue describe faster motion, i.e., participants reliably estimated longer distances for descriptions that included those verbs. We place the results in the context of broader theories of pursuit perception and verb comprehension.  
 Towards A Neurobiologically Inspired Model of Syntax Processing   
  Zhao, Helen 
 Drawing on the principles of associative learning theory and positing a statistical foundation for language acquisition, this paper investigates the independent contributions of the predictive validities of verbal and constructional cues in English native and non-native speakers' mental representations of the English as-predicative construction. This is examined through two experiments: a sentence completion task targeting constructional outcome retrieval (Experiment 1), and a gap-fill schema task with a focus on verb retrieval (Experiment 2). The results demonstrate that both cues are integrated in parallel when eliciting a constructional outcome (Experiment 1), but only construction cue validity plays a role in eliciting verbal outcomes (Experiment 2). Verb frequency and voice additionally contribute to the retrieval of verbal and constructional information in distinct manners. The present study raises discussions about distributional cue integration in forward versus backward retrieval of linguistic information, in addition to emphasizing the importance of considering cross-linguistic factors in future research.  
 Toddlers Associate Iconic Gestures with Actions not Objects   
  Xu, Yang 
 Schemas are mental representations of common structures of our experience, and they are centrally important to human thinking and memory. Recently, it has been proposed that schemas also play an important role in structuring our imagination of the future. However, tools for automatically measuring the schematic content of written and spoken event narratives are underdeveloped. Here, we report a preliminary investigation into a set of metrics that may differentiate between more and less schematic narratives. Across two experiments, we find that written and spoken narratives that are schema-congruent are more associative, in that they contain words that are more strongly psychologically associated with one another. We discuss how this finding might contribute to the development of tools to automatically measure schematicity in future narratives.  
 Explaining the Conjunction Fallacy   
  Hartmann, Stephan 
 The conjunction fallacy (CF) describes a pattern where individuals disregard the principles of probability by assessing certain conjunctive statements as more probable than the individual parts of those statements. The fallacy may be fruitfully reconstructed as the normatively correct assessment of something else than probability, for instance of inductive confirmation or coherence. We argue that these approaches have some counter-intuitive consequences in scenarios that have not yet been experimentally tested. We then suggest a novel explanation of the CF according to which the fallacious reasoning arises due to an assessment of explanatory power.  
 Modeling the Emergence of Letter Shapes   
  Jin, Yaohui 
 Chain-of-Thought (CoT) has brought a fresh perspective to improve the reasoning ability of large language models (LLMs). To relieve the burden of manual design in CoT, Zero-shot CoT has pioneered a direct interaction with LLMs. Based on it, researchers attempt to optimize reasoning paths through various prompting approaches like reflection, selection, and planning. However, few studies have focused on the possibility of combining all these strategies through a cognitive theory. Inspired by experiential learning, this paper proposes a new zero-shot prompting method based on Kolb's reflective cycle, named Self-Hint prompting. Specifically, Self-Hint prompting introduces an automated iterative interaction approach to simulate the conscious reflection process, which uses intermediate observations as hints to guide LLMs. We have conducted comprehensive experiments on various math reasoning benchmarks. The empirical results on GPT models demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Proposed Self-Hint prompting consistently outperforms other zero-shot baselines.  
 Using Counterfactual Tasks to Evaluate the Generality of Analogical Reasoning in Large Language Models   
  Mitchell, Melanie 
 Large language models (LLMs) have performed well on several reasoning benchmarks, including ones that test analogical reasoning abilities. However, it has been debated whether they are actually performing humanlike abstract reasoning or instead employing less general processes that rely on similarity to what has been seen in their training data. Here we investigate the generality of analogy-making abilities previously claimed for LLMs (Webb, Holyoak, & Lu, 2023). We take one set of analogy problems used to evaluate LLMs and create a set of ‚Äúcounterfactual‚Äù variants‚Äîversions that test the same abstract reasoning abilities but that are likely dissimilar from any pre-training data. We test humans and three GPT models on both the original and counterfactual problems, and show that, while the performance of humans remains high for all the problems, the GPT models' performance declines sharply on the counterfactual set. This work provides evidence that, despite previously reported successes of LLMs on analogical reasoning, these models lack the robustness and generality of human analogy-making.  
 Questioning Two Common Assumptions concerning Group Agency and Group Cognition   
  Chemero, Anthony 
 In this paper, we identify two common assumptions underlying popular accounts of group agency. The first assumption is that paradigmatic cases of agency are to be identified with individual organisms, typically human beings. The second assumption is that cognition requires the manipulation of mental representations. Combining these two assumptions generates the status quo account of group agency, namely that a group's agency ontologically depends upon the mental representations of the individuals that constitute the group. We provide a taxonomy of views about group agency along two axes, each corresponding to the extent to which the view endorses (or rejects) one of these two common assumptions. We believe that none of the standard conceptions of group cognition and agency reject both of these two assumptions. After developing brief arguments against both assumptions, we provide a brief sketch of what an account of group agency that rejects both assumptions might look like.  
 Investigating Iconicity in Vision-and-Language Models: A Case Study of the Bouba/Kiki Effect in Japanese Models   
  Funakura, Hayate 
 Extensive evidence from diverse areas of the cognitive sciences suggests that iconicity‚Äîthe resemblance between form and its meaning‚Äîis pervasive and plays a pivotal role in the processing, memory, and evolution of human language. However, despite its acknowledged importance, iconicity in language models remains notably underexplored. This paper examines whether Japanese language models learn iconic associations between shape and sound, known as the bouba/kiki (or maluma/takete) effect, which has been widely observed in human language as well as English and multilingual vision-and-language models, including Finnish, Indonesian, Hungarian, and Lithuanian models in previous studies. A comparison between the current results and the previous studies revealed that Japanese models learn language-specific aspects of iconicity, such as the associations between /p/ and roundness, and /…°/ and hardness, reflecting the sound symbolic system in Japanese.  
 Parents modify their prosody when asking questions with pedagogical intent   
  Alexandre, Frederic 
 Executive functions guide episodic memory to retrieve information essential for adaptive behavior. The prefrontal cortex achieves this by influencing hippocampal processing through anatomical projections targeting the entorhinal cortex and area CA1. However, most computational models of the hippocampus overlook this cognitive control, either neglecting it or implementing implausible direct connections to the hippocampus. This paper explores the contextual control of associative memory implemented by modern Hopfield networks, within a hippocampus-inspired autoencoder. Our experiments underscore the importance of proximity between prefrontal afferences and the locus of memory storage for efficient contextual modulation of episodic memory, challenging the standard model of hippocampal processing. These findings not only advance our understanding of higher-level cognition but also provide design principles for more adaptive machine learning algorithms.  
 Perceptual Category Learning Results in Modality-Specific Representations   
  Wei, Hui 
 Completely automated public Turing test to tell humans apart (CAPTCHA) aims to exploit the ability gaps between machines and humans to distinguish between them. However, the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology in the past decade has significantly narrowed the gap in some tasks based on natural images (e.g., object detection and recognition). Mooney images (MIs) are important research materials in the field of cognitive science. Compared to natural images, we perceive MIs relying more on the iteration between feedforward and feedback processes. In this paper, we explored an intriguing question: Can MIs be used to distinguish between machines and humans? Before this study, we first proposed a framework HiMI that generated the high-quality MIs from natural images and also allowed flexible adjustment of the perceived difficulty. Next, we designed two MI-based Turing test tasks related to foreground-background segregation and object recognition, respectively. We compared the performance of human subjects and the deep neural networks on these two tasks. The experimental results indicate the significant gaps between the deep neural networks and humans, providing evidence for the potential of MIs in the design of CAPTCHA schemes. We hope that HiMI will contribute to more research related to MIs in the fields of cognitive science and computer science.  
 Grammaticality illusions in Czech: A speeded acceptability study of agreement attraction   
  Hahn, Ulrike 
 In this paper, we explore the objective-Bayesian principle of minimum information and Maximum Entropy as a solution to the problem of awareness growth: how should rational agents adjust their beliefs upon becoming aware of new possibilities? We introduce the Maximum Entropy principle as a theoretical solution to the problem of awareness growth and present the results of two experiments conducted to compare human reasoners' responses with the theoretical prescriptions of the Maximum Entropy approach. We discover that, although the MaxEnt method may appear computationally demanding, participants' responses are largely consistent with the theoretical prescription.  
 Rethinking AI: Moving Beyond Humans as Exclusive Creators   
  Stachura-Zurek, Dorota 
 The paper presents a model and a discussion of the computational representation of virtue ethics in autonomous devices. One of the key problems in formal modeling of virtue ethics is the computational representation of the concept of virtue. In our model, the virtue is represented by a set of minimal extents to which a set of values, relevant to the virtue, should be satisfied. A device will be moral if any decision made satisfies all relevant values above the declared thresholds.  
 Pluralism in Social Cognition and Predictive Processing   
 Venter, Elmarie 
 In this paper, I explore two issues with the pluralist approach to social cognition. First, the pluralist approach does not assume any particular cognitive framework that could accommodate the variety of strategies in social cognition. Second, the pluralist approach suggests that a variety of strategies are employed in social cognition but neglects to address how mediation takes place between strategies. I argue that both these issues can be addressed if the pluralist approach situates itself in the predictive processing framework. To elaborate on this, I propose that 1) the strategies for social cognition include obtaining and testing theories in generative models about the behavior and mental states of others, 2) interactional synchrony is a strategy employed in simple social situations and 3) affordances play an unprecedented role in mediating between strategies.  
 Do children predict the sunk cost bias if prompted to consider effort and emotion?   
 We present a computational explainability approach for human comparison tasks, using Alignment Importance Score (AIS) heatmaps derived from deep-vision models. The AIS reflects a feature-map's unique contribution to the alignment between Deep Neural Network's (DNN) representational geometry and that of humans. We first validate the AIS by showing that prediction of out-of-sample human similarity judgments is improved when constructing representations using only higher-AIS feature maps identified from a training set. We then compute image-specific heatmaps that visually indicate the areas corresponding to feature-maps with higher AIS scores. These maps provide an intuitive explanation of which image areas are more important when it is compared to other images in a cohort. We observe a strong correspondence between these heatmaps and saliency maps produced by a gaze-prediction model. However, in some cases, meaningful differences emerge, as the dimensions relevant for comparison are not necessarily the most visually salient. In sum, Alignment Importance improves prediction of human similarity judgments from DNN embeddings, and provides interpretable insights into the relevant information in image space.  
 Event Segmentation in Chess   
 Pfoertner, Patric Daniel | ; 
  Hristova, Penka 
 How do chess players perceive events in a chess game, as these events unfold in in real-time? The study builds upon the hierarchical bias hypothesis, stating that observers instinctively segment activities in alignment with a partonomic hierarchy. The alignment effect observed in previous research is replicated, while chess experts' outperformed novices. Participants watched chess game videos and identified event boundaries. Data was analysed using discrete, continuous methods, as well as an agreement index. The results aim to deepen our understanding of the cognitive processes involved in chess expertise and event segmentation. They highlight the hierarchical organisation of mental representations in strategic contexts.  
 Acute stress impairs performance in a computationally hard cognitive task   
  Gupta, Rashmi 
 Studies investigating the effects of focused attention (FA) meditation on mismatch negativity (MMN) have produced inconsistent and conflicting findings, highlighting the need for well-powered studies exploring different meditation styles to fully understand MMN modulation. Addressing methodological concerns from prior research, the current study specifically examines expertise in mantra meditation, a form of focused attention meditation, utilizing a sufficiently powered investigation with an intensity MMN paradigm. This paradigm incorporates both louder and quieter deviant stimuli to assess the impact of meditation expertise and to discern whether meditation-induced MMN effects reflect higher-order cognitive processes or result from sensory adaptation. While the results suggest a trend of higher MMN in novices compared to experts, statistical significance was not achieved. The modest effect observed is likely due to using novices as an active control group, benefiting from enhanced attention skills fostered by the repetitive speech and rhythmic nature inherent in mantra meditation. The consistent unidirectional polarity shift in event-related potential (ERP) responses to both types of deviant stimuli implies that intensity-related MMN effects may not solely depend on loudness-dependent modulation of sensory components but could signify higher-order deviance detection. Complementary findings from eLORETA source localization indicate consistent bilateral temporal and frontal cortex activity, with lower amplitudes observed in the expert mantra meditator group compared to novices.  
 Pitch Expectancy Modulates Cross-Modal Correspondence Effect   
 The classical (symbol system) theory of cognition is supposed to explain systematicity---the coexistence of cognitive abilities. However, the classical theory does not explain why cognitive systems should be symbolic, nor why cognition sometimes fails to be systematic, so the symbol system assumption is seen by some as ad hoc: motivated only to fit the data. A mathematical theory is presented as a framework towards addressing these questions in terms of the available cognitive resources and the intended goals. A cognitive system is supposed to be resource-dependent and goal-driven. Accordingly, systematicity, or lack thereof follows from a universal construction principle (in a category theory sense) in this context---systems of symbols arise (or, fail to arise) as the "best" possible mapping given the available resources and the intended goal.  
 Bayesian Belief Polarization due to Differential Perceptions of Source Independence   
 Young, David J. | ; 
 Siebe, Hendrik 
 In this paper, we first introduce the `complex hidden profile', a previously overlooked category of hidden profiles that arises from complex inferential relations among arguments. Second, in order to investigate the conditions under which interrelated arguments can generate hidden profiles, we introduce a novel Bayesian agent-based framework for collective reasoning with complex argument structures. Finally, we show that that many possible argument structures can generate hidden profiles, even when agents do not have any information in common.  
 Violations of Core Object Principles Change Adults' Behaviors in Maze Games   
  Keil, Frank 
 Developmental psychologists have often turned to children to clarify understanding of functional and mechanistic cognition. Here, we investigate children's epistemic inferences of function ‚Äì what a thing is for ‚Äì and mechanism ‚Äì how a thing works. Children, like adults, believe a mechanism-knower knows more than a function-knower (Study 1). Yet, unlike adults, children do not expect that a mechanism-knower is also more likely to know function than a function-knower is to know mechanism (Study 2). Children's experience of learning function and mechanism of complex systems sheds light on this asymmetry; Children who are taught just mechanism can infer the complementary function, but, interestingly, children who are taught just function can likewise infer the complementary mechanism (Study 3). This paper considers the nature of children's epistemic intuitions and whether those beliefs are reflective of children's learning experience.  
 Mechanistic Explanations in the Cognitive Sciences: Beyond Linear Storytelling   
 Hölken, Alexander Michael 
 Over the last two decades, an increasing number of cognitive scientists have turned to mechanistic explanatory frameworks in their efforts to describe and explain cognitive phenomena. Most mechanistic frameworks conceive of cognitive systems as composed of functionally-individuated components whose functions are narrowly defined by their ranges of possible inputs and outputs, as well as their relations to other components within the phenomenon-producing mechanism. In this paper, I argue that this modular view of cognitive mechanisms as linear systems is not applicable to biological cognitive systems, and offer an alternative characterization using the methodology of Dynamical Systems Theory.  
 The impact of Inter Stimulus Interval on Semantic Priming: hysteresis or adaptation? A SOM neural network model   
  Gureckis, Todd M 
 When people solve problems, they may try multiple invalid solutions before finally having an insight about the correct solution. Insight problem-solving is an example of the flexibility of the human mind which remains unmatched by machines. In this paper, we present a novel experimental paradigm for studying insight problem-solving behavior in a physical reasoning domain. Using this paradigm and several data-driven analyses, we seek to quantify what it means to have an insight during physical problem-solving and identify behavioral traces that predict subjective insight ratings collected from human participants. This project aims to provide the first steps towards a computationally informed theory of insight problems solving.  
 Concepts are specifically structured and handled mental files   
  Luo, Dezhi 
 Self models contribute to key functional domains of human intelligence that are not yet presented in today's artificial intelligence. One important aspect of human problem-solving involves the use of conceptual self-knowledge to detect self-relevant information presented in the environment, which guides the subsequent retrieval of autobiographical memories that are relevant to the task at hand. This process enables each human to behave self-consistently in our own way across complex situations, manifested as self-interest and trait-like characteristics. In this paper, we outline a computational framework that implements the conceptual aspect of human self models through a modified version of the joint-embedding predictive architecture. We propose that through the incorporation of human-like autobiographical memory retrieval and self-importance evaluation, the modified architecture could support machine agents with significantly enhanced self-consistency, which could be applied to deliver more believable simulations of human behaviors.  
 Improving the Readability of Scientific Concept Analogies with Cognitive Conflict Reinforcement Learning   
  Shi, Zijie 
 In the field of medical decision-making, understanding the treatment intentions of clinicians is crucial for effective treatment strategies. However, these intentions are often implicit and challenging to quantify. In this paper, we propose a novel two-module model to infer and implement clinicians' treatment intentions through treatment records. We construct the InfCTI module, which infers intentions and quantifies them numerically, and the ImpCTI module, which generates treatment strategies based on inferred intentions. Our experiments demonstrate that the treatment strategies obtained by ImpCTI reflect clinicians' intentions and the intention values obtained by InfCTI are reasonable. This model has the potential to improve the quality of care provided to patients.  
 Two-Stream Vision Swin Transformer for Video-based Eye Movement Detection   
  Yin, Erwei 
 Eye movement detection plays a crucial role in various fields, including eye tracking applications and understanding human perception and cognitive states. Existing detection methods typically rely on gaze positions predicted by gaze estimation algorithms, which may introduce cumulative errors. While certain video-based methods, directly classifying behaviours from videos, have been introduced to address this issue, they often have limitations as they primarily focus on detecting blinks. In this paper, we propose a video-based two-stream framework designed to detect four eye movement behaviours‚Äîfixations, saccades, smooth pursuits, and blinks‚Äîfrom infrared near-eye videos. To explicitly capture motion information, we introduce optical flow as the input for one stream. Additionally, we propose a spatio-temporal feature fusion module to combine information from the two streams. The framework is evaluated on a large-scale eye movement dataset and performs excellent results.  
 Cross-Subject Emotion Classification based on Dual-Attention Mechanism and Meta-Transfer Learning   
 Event Distribution in Daily Life: A Replication Study.   
 Sastre Gomez, Viviana | ; 
  Dennis, Simon 
 Research in event cognition highlights the crucial role of event segmentation in shaping perceptions and memories. Anticipation of event boundaries is influenced by characteristic duration, often assumed to follow normal distributions in daily events. This study replicates recent investigations into event duration using a nightly segmentation approach with continuously captured daily images. Forty-one participants collected images over fourteen days, segmenting them into events. Event durations for various activities were modelled using truncated normal, exponential and gamma models. Our findings align with prior research in event distribution, revealing that overall, an exponential or gamma distribution provides a superior fit compared to a truncated normal distribution. This suggests that when daily events are studied in an ecological context at a fundamental level, most of them have little sign of a typical duration. Consequently, duration estimation is unlikely to play a large role in anticipating event boundaries.  
 The Mere Reminder of Others: A Cognitive Modelling Approach to the Implicit Bystander Effect   
  Kidd, Celeste 
 Creators and consumers of popular media for kids tend to equate children's sustained attention with learning (Gahan, 2022; Segal, 2022). Here, we demonstrate that greater sustained visual attention does not necessarily translate to better learning‚Äîand in fact may predict learning deficits in some cases. We present the results of an empirical eye tracking study in which we demonstrate that attentionally captivating material can lead to worse learning with greater attentional capture, likely due to either distraction or overstimulation. Children who engaged most during a word-learning task learned the fewest word-object associations when they were presented on a colorful, moving background. These results support theories that suggest attentional capture due to perceptual attractors (e.g., things that are ‚Äùbright, shiny‚Äù) can disrupt learning. This work underscores the importance of the quality of screen-based media when considering the potential harms of children's screen time  
 Modeling infant cortical tracking of statistical learning in simple recurrent networks   
  Rogers, Timothy 
 This paper considers how interactions with AI algorithms can boost human creative thought. We employ a psychological task that demonstrates limits on human creativity, namely semantic feature generation: given a concept name, respondents must list as many of its features as possible. Human participants typically produce only a fraction of the features they know before getting ‚Äústuck.‚Äù In experiments with humans and with a large language model (GPT-4), we contrast behavior in the standard task versus a variant in which participants can ask for algorithmically-generated hints. Algorithm choice is administered by a multi-armed bandit whose reward indicates whether the hint helped generating more features. Humans and the AI show similar benefits from hints, and remarkably, bandits learning from AI responses prefer the same prompting strategy as those learning from human behavior. The results suggest that strategies for boosting human creativity via computer interactions can be learned by bandits run on groups of simulated participants.  
 The Wisdom of Partisan Crowds: Comparing Collective Intelligence in Humans and LLM-based Agents   
  Rogers, Timothy T 
 Human groups are able to converge to more accurate beliefs through deliberation, even in the presence of polarization and partisan bias --- a phenomenon known as the ``wisdom of partisan crowds.'' Large Language Models (LLMs) are increasingly being used to simulate human collective behavior, yet few benchmarks exist for evaluating their dynamics against the behavior of human groups. In this paper, we examine the extent to which the wisdom of partisan crowds emerges in groups of LLM-based agents that are prompted to role-play as partisan personas (e.g., Democrat or Republican). We find that they not only display human-like partisan biases, but also converge to more accurate beliefs through deliberation, as humans do. We then identify several factors that interfere with convergence, including the use of chain-of-thought prompting and lack of details in personas. Conversely, fine-tuning on human data appears to enhance convergence. These findings show the potential and limitations of LLM-based agents as a model of human collective intelligence.  
 PersonalityScanner: Exploring the Validity of Personality Assessment Based on Multimodal Signals in Virtual Reality   
  Han, Wenjuan 
 Human cognition significantly influences expressed behavior and is intrinsically tied to authentic personality traits. Personality assessment plays a pivotal role in various fields, including psychology, education, social media, etc. However, traditional self-report questionnaires can only provide data based on what individuals are willing and able to disclose, thereby lacking objective. Moreover, automated measurements and peer assessments demand significant human effort and resources. In this paper, given the advantages of the Virtual Reality (VR) technique, we develop a VR simulator --- PersonalityScanner, to stimulate cognitive processes and simulate daily behaviors based on an immersive and interactive simulation environment, in which participants carry out a battery of engaging tasks that formulate a natural story of first-day at work. Through this simulator, we collect a synchronous multi-modal dataset with ten modalities, including first/third-person video, audio, text, eye tracking, facial microexpression, pose, depth data, log, and inertial measurement unit. By systematically examining the contributions of different modalities on revealing personality, we demonstrate the superior performance and effectiveness of PersonalityScanner.  
 Minimal Modeling for Cognitive Ecologists: Measuring Decision-Making Trade-Offs in Ecological Tasks   
  Li, Prof. Qingshan 
 Many recent works in the field of multi-agent reinforcement learning via communication focus on learning what messages to send, when to send, and whom to address such messages. Those works indicate that communication is useful for higher cumulative reward or task success. However, one important limitation is that most of them ignore the importance of enforcing agents' ability to understand the received information. In this paper, we notice that observation and communication signals are from separate information sources. Thus, we enhance the communicating agents with the capability to integrate crucial information from different sources. Specifically, we propose a multi-modal communication method, which modulates agents' observation and communication signals as different modalities and performs multi-modal fusion to allow knowledge to transfer across different modalities. We evaluate the proposed method on a diverse set of cooperative multi-agent tasks with several state-of-the-art algorithms. Results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in incorporating knowledge and gaining a deeper understanding from various information sources.  
 CogSimulator: A Model for Simulating User Cognition & Behavior with Minimal Data for Tailored Cognitive Enhancement   
  Boleda, Gemma 
 Computational models have long been used in Cognitive Science, but to date most research has used language models trained on text. With recent advances in Computer Vision, new research is expanding to visually informed models. In this paper, we explore the potential of such models to account for human naming behavior as recorded in naming norms (where subjects are asked to name visually presented objects). We compare the performance of three representative models on a set of norms that include stimuli in the form of line drawings, colored drawings, and realistic photos. The state-of-the-art Language and Vision model CLIP, trained on both text and images, performs best. It generalizes well across different types of stimuli and achieves good overall accuracy. CLIP affords both linguistic (text-based) and visual (image-based) representations for names, and we find that textual representations outperform visual representations. This is good news, as textual representations are easier to obtain than visual representations. All in all, our results show promise for the use of Computer Vision and Language and Vision models in Cognitive Science.  
 Online network topology shapes personal narratives and hashtag generation   
  Lu, Hongjing 
 While narratives have shaped cognition and cultures for centuries, digital media and online social networks have introduced new narrative phenomena. With increased narrative agency, networked groups of individuals can directly contribute and steer narratives that center our collective discussions of politics, science, and morality. We report the results of an online network experiment on narrative and hashtag generation, in which networked groups of participants interpreted a text-based narrative of a disaster event, and were incentivized to produce matching hashtags with their network neighbors. We found that network structure not only influences the emergence of dominant beliefs through coordination with network neighbors, but also impacts participants' use of causal language in their personal narratives.  
 Assessing Common Ground through Language-based Cultural Consensus in Humans and Large Language Models   
  Abend, Omri 
 Cross-domain alignment refers to the task of mapping a concept from one domain to another, for example, ``If a \textit{doctor} were a \textit{color}, what color would it be?''. This seemingly peculiar task was designed to investigate how people represent concrete and abstract concepts through their mappings between categories and their reasoning processes over those mappings. In this paper, we adapt this task from cognitive science to evaluate the conceptualization and reasoning abilities of large language models (LLMs) through a behavioral study. We examine several LLMs by prompting them with a cross-domain mapping task and analyzing their responses at the population level and the individual level. Additionally, we assess the models' ability to reason about their predictions by analyzing and categorizing their explanations for these mappings. The results reveal several similarities between humans' and models' mappings and explanations, suggesting that models represent concepts similarly to humans. This similarity is evident not only at the model representation level but also in their behavior. Furthermore, the models mostly provide valid explanations and deploy reasoning paths that are similar to humans.  
 Grounding Language about Belief in a Bayesian Theory-of-Mind   
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
 Despite the fact that beliefs are mental states that cannot be directly observed, humans talk about each others' beliefs on a regular basis, often using rich compositional language to describe what others think and know. What explains this capacity to interpret the hidden epistemic content of other minds? In this paper, we take a step towards an answer by grounding the semantics of belief statements in a Bayesian theory-of-mind: By modeling how humans jointly infer coherent sets of goals, beliefs, and plans that explain an agent's actions, then evaluating statements about the agent's beliefs against these inferences via epistemic logic, our framework provides a functional role semantics for belief, explaining the gradedness and compositionality of human belief attributions, as well as their intimate connection with goals and plans. We evaluate this framework by studying how humans attribute goals and evaluate belief sentences while watching an agent solve a doors-and-keys gridworld puzzle that requires instrumental reasoning about hidden objects. In contrast to pure logical deduction, non-mentalizing baselines, and mentalizing that ignores the role of instrumental plans, our model provides a much better fit to human goal and belief attributions, demonstrating the importance of theory-of-mind for modeling how humans understand language about beliefs.  
 Form Perception as a Bridge to Real-World Functional Proficiency   
  Russin, Jacob 
 The multiple realizability thesis holds that psychological states may be implemented in a diversity of physical systems. The deep learning revolution seems to be bringing this possibility to life, offering the most plausible examples of man-made realizations of sophisticated cognitive functions to date. This paper explores the implications of deep learning models for the multiple realizability thesis. Among other things, it challenges the widely held view that multiple realizability entails that the study of the mind can and must be pursued independently of the study of its implementation in the brain or in artificial analogues. Although its central contribution is philosophical, the paper has substantial methodological upshots for contemporary cognitive science, suggesting that deep neural networks may play a crucial role in formulating and evaluating hypotheses about cognition, even if they are interpreted as implementation-level models. In the age of deep learning, multiple realizability possesses a renewed significance.  
 Evaluating human and machine understanding of data visualizations   
  Tenenbaum, Josh 
 The space of human goals is tremendously vast; and yet, from just a few moments of watching a scene or reading a story, we seem to spontaneously infer a range of plausible motivations for the people and characters involved. What explains this remarkable capacity for intuiting other agents' goals, despite the infinitude of ends they might pursue? And how does this cohere with our understanding of other people as approximately rational agents? In this paper, we introduce a sequential Monte Carlo model of open-ended goal inference, which combines top-down Bayesian inverse planning with bottom-up sampling based on the statistics of co-occurring subgoals. By proposing goal hypotheses related to the subgoals achieved by an agent, our model rapidly generates plausible goals without exhaustive search, then filters out goals that would be irrational given the actions taken so far. We validate this model in a goal inference task called Block Words, where participants try to guess the word that someone is stacking out of lettered blocks. In comparison to both heuristic bottom-up guessing and exact Bayesian inference over hundreds of goals, our model better predicts the mean, variance, efficiency, and resource rationality of human goal inferences, achieving similar accuracy to the exact model at a fraction of the cognitive cost, while also explaining garden-path effects that arise from misleading bottom-up cues. Our experiments thus highlight the importance of uniting top-down and bottom-up models for explaining the speed, accuracy, and generality of human theory-of-mind.  
 Reading in conditions of low contrast; the adaptability of binocular fixation behaviours   
  Frank, Michael C. 
 The "shape bias" -- the bias to generalize new nouns by their shape rather than other features such as color or texture -- has been argued to facilitate early noun learning for children. However, there is conflicting evidence about the magnitude and nature of this bias, as well as how it changes developmentally and how it varies across cultures. In this paper, we synthesize evidence about the shape bias using meta-analysis and meta-regression. We find strong overall evidence for the shape bias, but the literature is dominated by studies of English-speaking children, making it difficult to assess cross-cultural differences. Large between-study heterogeneity also highlights procedural variation in the literature. Overall, publication bias, heterogeneity, and data sparsity may limit the ability to distinguish theoretical accounts of the shape bias.  
 GeoGami: A Research Software for Training and Measuring Navigational Map Reading Competence   
  Lim, Alfred 
 Does grammatical gender influence the meaning of inanimate nouns? We examined word embeddings from distributional semantics models, representing meanings in a vector space. In 26 gendered languages and non-gendered English, we measured the meaning similarity of inanimate nouns to gendered anchor nouns like 'male' and 'female.' In gendered languages, noun meanings aligned more with the anchor noun congruent with grammatical gender. This effect persisted when comparing the same nouns across languages (e.g., 'cucchiaio' vs 'cuchara' vs 'spoon'). We propose that grammatical gender introduces a gender bias into lexical semantics through distributional similarities with anchor words, revealing masculine/feminine features even without direct sensorimotor experience. This suggests that embodiment in language processing may become statistically embedded in word usage patterns.  
 Awareness of Experimentally Created Implicit Attitudes: Large-Scale Tests in Three Paradigms   
  Kominsky, Jonathan F. 
 ‚ÄúEpisodes‚Äù in memory are formed by the experience of dynamic events that unfold over time. However, just because a series of events unfolds sequentially does not mean that its constituents are related. Sequences can have a high degree of causal coherence, each event connecting to the next through a cause-and-effect relationship, or be a fragmented series of unrelated occurrences. Are causally coherent events remembered better? We used dynamic stimuli showing unfamiliar events to test the effect of causal structure on episodic recall in a cued memory task. Experiment 1 found that the order of causally coherent sequences of events is better remembered than that of fragmented events. Experiment 2 showed that recall of causally relevant details of coherent stimuli is superior to recall of details in fragmented sequences. These findings demonstrate that the episodic memory system is sensitive to the causal structure of events and suggest coherence usually improves recall.  
 Natural Language Semantics Encode Key Dimensions of Psychopathology   
  Fox, Cosette 
 The Traveling Salesperson Problem (TSP) is a combinatorial optimization problem originally of interest to mathematicians, but more recently used also in the context of cognitive and comparative psychology. Humans perform extremely well on spatial versions of this task, despite its mathematical complexity, making it an appealing tool for the study of spatial and mathematical cognition. We presented participants with three versions of a TSP in navigational space; one that could be solved visually, one with visual distractors, and one that also required the use of memory. The task was preceded by instructions that promoted either a ‚Äògrowth mindset' or ‚Äòfixed mindset' approach. Results indicated that performance on this navigational version of the TSP is generally good, though not quite as efficient as solutions reported in the traditional pencil-and-paper version of the task. The effects of visual distractors and of memory requirements were greater in problems with a larger number of targets. Instructions had no significant effect on performance.  
 Choice Architecture Induces Distortions in Economic Values: a Test across Two Memory Elicitations   
 Mendoza Straffon, Larissa 
 Attempts to recover and reconstruct the origins of mathematics have traditionally focused on identifying evidence of early notational systems of quantification. We aim to show in this paper that archaeological material culture can offer an alternate, more tangible source of information about mathematical knowledge in the deep past, especially when it is paired with ethnographic and cross-cultural data. In addition, when linked to the cognitive science of mathematics, it can support inferences about how humans first began to grasp, learn, and apply mathematical ideas. We focus on fibre technologies and weaving crafts as prime examples of activities that contain and afford mathematical knowledge, in response to Lakoff & Núñez's call to explore the common practices that underlie mathematical ideas and to rethink mathematics as grounded in human experience.  
 Experimental Investigation of Explanation Presentation for Visual Tasks with XAI   
  Phillips, Jonathan 
 Real-world decision-making requires the generation of possible options. Humans are exceptionally good at navigating such potentially unbounded spaces: they typically generate their best options first and most idiosyncratic last (Srinivasan, Acierno, & Phillips, 2022). Recently, large language models (LLMs) have shown impressive communication and reasoning abilities, suggesting that they may now be mirroring some of the conceptual structures used by humans. Here, we explore if LLMs navigate option spaces similarly to humans. We compared series of human-generated options to those from an LLM using the semantic similarity of generated options across various open-ended contexts. While LLMs display some global patterns similar to humans, their option sequences follow different trajectories within the semantic space. Specifically, GPT-3 frequently revisits previous semantic clusters, whereas humans progress more linearly. Additionally, compared to humans, GPT-4 typically shows fewer revisits and shorter stays in a given semantic cluster, suggesting a more transient trajectory across the semantic landscape.  
 The Task Task: Creative problem generation in humans and language models   
  Choi, Yejin 
 We are constantly faced with the question of how to aggregate preferences, views, perspectives and values. This is a problem for groups attempting to accommodate individuals with differing needs and interests, as will be our focus. The problem of ``value aggregation'' therefore crops up in myriads of places across the social sciences---in rational decision theory, social choice models, and proposals for systems of democratic voting, for instance. These sub-disciplines have formalized proposals for how to deal with value aggregation, though, remarkably, no research has yet directly compared people's intuitions of two of the most obvious candidates for aggregation--taking the sum of all the values (the classic ``Utilitarian'' approach) and the product (a less well-known ``contractualist'' approach). In this paper, we systematically explore the proposals suggested by each algorithm, focusing on aggregating preferences across groups. We find that both humans and performant LLMs prefer a contractualist approach.  
 Intentional commitment as a spontaneous presentation of self   
  Butz, Martin V. 
 Infants develop the ability to anticipate action goals during their first year, as shown by anticipatory gaze behavior. As they grow older, this is first evident for most familiar actions and agents, e.g., human hands performing a reaching action; later also for unusual agents (e.g., mechanical claws). We argue that this ability emerges as infants attempt to segment the world they observe into events‚Äîto infer the currently unfolding events and to predict their consequences for minimizing anticipated uncertainty. We propose a computational model that explains this development from a functional, algorithmic perspective, CAPRI¬≤ (Cognitive Action PRediction And Inference in Infants). Our model integrates proposals about the development of object files, event files, and physical reasoning abilities into a learning and probabilistic planning-as-inference framework. While observing goal-directed, or arbitrary, interactions between two objects (i.e., potential agent and patient), CAPRI¬≤'s active inference processes infer both maximally consistent event interpretations and motor actions (here, eye fixations), where the latter are executed in the service of further minimizing current and anticipated uncertainties. As a result, CAPRI¬≤ models typical developmental patterns of infants' anticipatory gaze behavior in an emergent manner. In particular, to successfully model the emergent developmental pattern, our model suggests that infants activate object event files, implicitly reason about object interactions in an event-oriented manner, infer consistent interpretations of their observations, and control their gaze shifts to minimize anticipated uncertainty. We propose that these mechanisms, as reflected in our model, may constitute fundamental building blocks for developing goal-predictive capacities in infants.  
 Decoding the Bilingual Puzzle in Chinese Children with Dyslexia: Should L2 English Literacy be Salvaged Through Assimilation or Accommodation?   
  Shum, Kathy 
 Research on second-language (L2) English literacy development in Chinese children with dyslexia is limited, but existing studies suggest a puzzling phenomenon: These children experience difficulties in reading both native (L1) Chinese and L2 English, despite the distinct cognitive processes involved in reading Chinese and English which suggest minimal transfer between the two writing systems. This paper aims to investigate the above phenomenon and examine the role of phonics skills in improving English word reading in dyslexic Chinese children in 2 studies. Study 1 found that letter-sound-decoding knowledge robustly and significantly predicted English word naming and reading fluency in Chinese dyslexic children. Study 2 revealed that phonics-based interventions is required to significantly improve English literacy skills. The accommodation-assimilation hypothesis explains cross-language transfer of reading difficulties in Chinese-English bilinguals: Dyslexic Chinese children assimilate English word-decoding processes using their native language; they can accommodate and improve English literacy by learning letter-sound decoding skills.  
 Forging a head: how environmental elements influence the perception of a shape's facing direction   
  Gendron, Maria T 
 The framework of event perception suggests that people segment continuous perceptual input into discrete events by forming mental representations of ongoing activity. Prior work extending the segmentation framework to emotion perception shows that a richer emotion vocabulary is associated with segmentation of emotion events in greater agreement with the cultural ingroup. However, little is known about how labeling behaviors themselves shape the segmentation of emotion events. Here, we look at the effect of labeling on emotion segmentation. Participants were randomly assigned to simply segment videos into discrete emotion events or to segment only when an emotion label is available and to label the segmented event. We found that compared to the group that segmented without providing labels, the group that segmented with explicit labeling behaviors were less sensitive at discriminating emotion events from non-emotion events and more conservative to identify an emotion event. The results are discussed with respect to competing theoretical accounts of the impact of labeling on emotion perception and suggest that the conceptual broadening account (where labels invoke idiographic emotion representations) may best account for the findings.  
 When and why does shared reality generalize?   
  Steen, Francis 
 Cognitive processes underlie economic relations. In this paper, we develop a conceptual, mathematical, and computational framework for modeling market exchange as a series of dynamically interacting cognitive processes. Specifically, we show how advertisers can build trust and gain confidence in their pricing power to the point that they erode trust and undermine the efficacy of their advertising. Customers conversely orient towards advertisers seeking information or turn away from them as unreliable communicators. These behaviors and the patterns they generate occur inside a state space of unallocated perceived value. They constitute a small subset of the full range of possible strategic and adaptive responses that define cognitive microeconomics.  
 Comparing Abstraction in Humans and Machines Using Multimodal Serial Reproduction   
 Event Segmentation in Language and Cognition   
 Tınaz, Bilge | ; 
  Ünal, Ercenur 
 We examine the relation between event segmentation in language and cognition in the domain of motion events, focusing on Turkish, a verb-framed language that segments motion paths in separate linguistic units (verb clauses). We compare motion events that have a path change to those that did not have a path change. In the linguistic task, participants were more likely to use multiple verb phrases when describing events that had a path change compared to those that did not have a path change. In the non-linguistic Dwell Time task, participants viewed self-paced slideshows of still images sampled from the motion event videos in the linguistic task. Dwell times for slides corresponding to path changes were not significantly longer than those for temporally similar slides in the events without a path change. These findings suggest that event units in language may not have strong and stable influences on event segmentation in cognition.  
 Infants Point to Satisfy the Epistemic Needs of Their Communicative Partner   
  Oseki, Yohei 
 Computational psycholinguistics has traditionally employed a complexity metric called Node Count, which counts the number of syntactic nodes representing syntactic structures and predicts processing costs in human sentence processing. However, Node Count does not dissociate distinct syntactic operations deriving those syntactic structures, so that how much processing cost each syntactic operation induces remains to be investigated. In this paper, we introduce a novel complexity metric dubbed Composition Count, which counts the number of syntactic operations deriving syntactic structures, allowing us to understand the computational system of human sentence processing from the derivational, not representational, perspective. Specifically, employing Combinatory Categorial Grammar (CCG) which is equipped with multiple syntactic operations and thus suitable for the purpose here, we investigate (i) how much distinct syntactic operations of CCG contribute to predicting human reading times, and (ii) whether the same holds across languages. The results demonstrate that distinct syntactic operations of CCG have independent and cross-linguistic contributions to predicting human reading times, while Node Count turns out not to be robust cross-linguistically. In conclusion, these results strongly suggest the importance of Composition Count to dissociate distinct syntactic operations, not whole syntactic representations, and understand the computational system of human sentence processing.  
 The Delusional Hedge Algorithm as a Model of Human Learning from Diverse Opinions   
  Rogers, Timothy 
 Whereas cognitive models of learning often assume direct experience with both the features of an event and with a true label or outcome, much of everyday learning arises from hearing the opinions of others, without direct access to either the experience or the ground truth outcome. We consider how people can learn which opinions to trust in such scenarios by extending the hedge algorithm: a classic solution for learning from diverse information sources. We first introduce a semi-supervised variant we call the delusional hedge capable of learning from both supervised and unsupervised experiences. In two experiments, we examine the alignment between human judgments and predictions from the standard hedge, the delusional hedge, and a heuristic baseline model. Results indicate that humans effectively incorporate both labeled and unlabeled information in a manner consistent with the delusional hedge algorithm---suggesting that human learners not only gauge the accuracy of information sources but also their consistency with other reliable sources. The findings advance our understanding of human learning from diverse opinions, with implications for the development of algorithms that better capture how people learn to weigh conflicting information sources.  
 Listeners Optimally Integrate Acoustic and Semantic Cues Across Time During Spoken Word Recognition   
  Trueswell, John 
 A wealth of evidence indicates that children use their developing linguistic knowledge to incrementally interpret speech and predict upcoming reference to objects. For verbs, determiners, case-markers, and adjectives, hearing linguistic information that sufficiently constrains referent choice leads to anticipatory eye-movements. There is, however, limited evidence about whether children also use spatial prepositions predictively. This is surprising and theoretically important: spatial prepositions provide abstract semantic information that must interface with spatial properties of, and relations between, objects in the world. Making this connection may develop late because of the complex mapping required. In a visual-world eye-tracking task, we find that adults and 4-year-olds hearing 'inside' (but not 'near') look predictively to objects that afford the property of containment. We conclude that children make predictions about the geometric properties of objects from spatial terms that specify these properties, suggesting real-time use of language to guide analysis of objects in the visual world.  
 How to Change a Mind: Adults and Children Use the Causal Structure of Theory of Mind to Intervene on Others' Behaviors   
  Grigoroglou, Myrto 
 Daily experiences are conceptualized as events involving multiple participants and their relations (i.e., thematic roles). When describing events, speakers often do not include all event participants involved. Here, we explore how underlying conceptual requirements and language-specific encoding options influence the content of event descriptions in speech and gesture in two typologically different languages (English, Turkish). Focusing on conceptually peripheral instruments whose status is highly debated, we manipulated the conceptual status of event participants by including events that ‚Äòrequire' or ‚Äòallow' otherwise syntactically optional instruments. Results showed that the require-allow distinction did not manifest uniformly in Turkish and English in speech, gesture, or when both modalities were considered. However, mention of highly optional event participants (e.g., allowed instruments) was affected by language-specific syntactic encoding options. We conclude that, under more naturalistic elicitation conditions, planning descriptions of instrument events is more heavily affected by language-specific encoding than conceptual prominence of the roles.  
 Temporal Persistence Explains Mice Exploration in a Labyrinth   
  Lake, Brenden 
 Children learn powerful internal models of the world around them from a few years of egocentric visual experience. Can such internal models be learned from a child's visual experience with highly generic learning algorithms or do they require strong inductive biases? Recent advances in collecting large-scale, longitudinal, developmentally realistic video datasets and generic self-supervised learning (SSL) algorithms are allowing us to begin to tackle this nature vs. nurture question. However, existing work typically focuses on image-based SSL algorithms and visual capabilities that can be learned from static images (e.g. object recognition), thus ignoring temporal aspects of the world. To close this gap, here we train self-supervised video models on longitudinal, egocentric headcam recordings collected from a child over a two year period in their early development (6-31 months). The resulting models are highly effective at facilitating the learning of action concepts from a small number of labeled examples; they have favorable data size scaling properties; and they display emergent video interpolation capabilities. Video models also learn more robust object representations than image-based models trained with the exact same data. These results suggest that important temporal aspects of a child's internal model of the world may be learnable from their visual experience using highly generic learning algorithms and without strong inductive biases.  
 "Must" people reason logically with "permission" in daily situations? An explorative experimental investigation in human reasoning of normative concepts.   
  Vennekens, Joost 
 Philosophers have long been arguing the precise semantics of different deontic terms within normative statements. However, little research has been done on the human reasoning side of understanding such terms. In this paper, we propose a normative scheme with bitstring semantics that is expressive enough to cover the basic normative concepts in most mainstream schemes proposed in deontic logic research. Even though further confirmation is needed, our explorative experiments on human deontic reasoning have shown results that are consistent with our proposed scheme.  
 Attribution of Responsibility Between Agents in a Causal Chain of Events   
  Lagnado, David 
 In this paper, we explored the attribution of causal responsibility in a causal chain of events, where an agent A instructs an intermediate agent B to execute some harmful action which leads to a bad outcome. In Study 1, participants judged B to be more causally responsible, more blameworthy, and more deserving of punishment than A. In Study 2, we explored the effect of proximity on judgments of the two agents by adding a third, subsequent contributing cause, such that B's action no longer directly caused the final outcome. Participants judged both agents A and B to be less causally responsible and deserving of punishment (but not less blameworthy) when they were less proximal to the outcome, and there were no differences in judgments between the two agents. In Study 3, we varied whether each of the two agents (A and B) intended for the final outcome to occur. We find an interaction between role and intent, where participants only mitigated judgments for A when A did not intend for the outcome to occur ‚Äì regardless of B's intent. We discuss possible explanations for our findings and its implications for moral and legal decision-making.  
 Spatial demonstratives and physical control   
  Schulz, Laura 
 Speakers are often over-informative, referring to the color and shape of a referent even when all objects in a scene are unique. Interestingly, this helps listeners locate the target. If speakers are indeed sensitive to listeners' online processing demands, they should be more over-informative when addressing someone whose processing is especially slow. Here we show that English-speaking adults produce more redundant color adjectives when speaking to children than adults (Exp 1); that although Spanish-speakers produce fewer redundant color adjectives than English-speakers overall, they too do so more often for children (Exp 2); that these results are independent of experience with young children (Exp 3), and that children themselves (ages 4-10) are more over-informative when speaking to younger children than adults (Exps 4 and 5). Collectively, these results suggest that sensitivity to listeners' online processing demands is robust, emerges early in development, and may be especially tailored to young learners.  
 Context-dependent and Dynamic Effects of Distributional and Sensorimotor Distance Measures on EEG   
  Perkins, Laurel 
 Events of social exchange, such as givings and tradings, are uniquely prevalent in human societies and cognitively privileged even at early stages of development. Such events may be represented as having 3 or even 4 participants. To do so in visual working memory would be at the limit of the system, which throughout development can track only 3 to 4 items. Using a case study of trading, we ask (i) whether adults can track all four participants in a trading scene, and (ii) whether they do so by chunking the scene into two giving events, each with 3 participants, to avoid placing the visual working memory system at its limit. We find that adults represent this scene under a 4-participant concept, and do not view the trade as two sequential giving events. We discuss further implications for event perception and verb learning in development.  
 Sensitivity to Online Consensus Effects Within Individuals and Claim Types   
 Detecting Event Construal Shifts in Aspectual Coercion   
 Vurgun, Ugurcan | ; 
  Papafragou, Anna 
 Aspectual coercion occurs when there is a semantic mismatch between constituents in terms of their lexical aspect. Despite the long psycholinguistic history of this phenomenon, we currently lack direct measures of how people interpret coerced sentences. We introduce a novel method combining aspectual comprehension with event cognition, allowing us to detect changes in how individuals construe events after reading sentences with varying aspectual information. This study involved two experiments where participants read sentences‚Äîeither telic or atelic, with or without coercion‚Äîfollowed by a video clip related to the sentence. They assessed if the actor completed the task and identified any brief interruptions during the event, located at the midpoint or late points. The focus was on whether coerced sentences altered participants' event construals, impacting their responses. Results uncovered distinct cognitive responses to aspectual coercion and highlighted differences between coercion types. This method advances our understanding of how lexical aspect influences event representation, offering insights into the nuanced effects of aspectual coercion on cognitive processing and event perception.  
 The impact of speakers' multimodal behaviours on adults' learning of semantic information: A corpus-based investigation   
  Gan, Zhongxue 
 Reservoir computing (RC) offers distinct advantages in extracting spatiotemporal information with low training costs by separating recurrent neural networks into a fixed network with recurrent connections. The quality of the fixed network, known as the reservoir, plays a pivotal role in the performance of the RC system. Our work aims to provide a unified synaptic development framework for RC, constructing a more biologically plausible reservoir to model and understand the neural networks development within the human brain. In this paper, we propose an Autonomous Synaptic Development Reservoir Computing model (ASD-RC) based on an adaptive network of phase oscillators. The reservoir autonomously adjusts the distribution of connection weights in response to external stimuli, forming a task-specific structure. Through experiments and theoretical analyses, we demonstrate that ASD-RC can emulate various synaptic development rules of biological neural networks in \textit{vivo}, including the Hebbian rule and STDP. Furthermore, experiments reveal that combining different development rules can enhance performance on prediction tasks compared to using a single development rule, showcasing the emergence and effects of synergistic development that improve information processing capacity.  
 Superordinate referring expressions in abstraction: Introducing the concept-level reference game   
  Srivastava, Nisheeth 
 Computational neuromodeling methods for evaluating representational dynamics involve intricate analysis choices at every stage of the analysis pipeline. Analysis choices for data processing pipelines are generally chosen based upon end to end accuracy metrics and corresponding performance metrics. Psychology research has recently begun to acknowledge the importance of controlling for potential bias introduced by degrees of freedom in data analysis, with specification curve analysis introduced as a principled method for correcting for such biases. In this paper, we conduct a specification curve analysis (SCA) for representational similarity analysis pipelines reported in the literature for fMRI and EEG datasets, respectively. We show that EEG-based RSA analyses are relatively robust to alternative specifications but that fMRI based analyses are not. Using a novel decision-tree analysis to supplement SCA, we present a potentially more robust pipeline for such analyses.  
 Do Cross-Linguistic Differences Influence Event Perception?   
  Papafragou, Anna 
 Telicity is an important semantic feature pointing to event construal: telic verb phrases denote bounded events with an inherent endpoint while atelic verb phrases denote unbounded events without such an endpoint. Languages encode telicity in different ways. Unlike English, Mandarin lacks an overt count-mass distinction and allows bare noun objects to form verb phrases. Would this cross-linguistic difference influence event perception? Experiment 1 elicited descriptions of bounded vs. unbounded events from English and Mandarin native speakers. A clear cross-linguistic difference was found: English speakers mostly used telic predicates for bounded events and atelic predicates for unbounded events while Mandarin speakers gave atelic predicates with bare noun objects for both event types. Experiment 2 explored how English and Mandarin speakers tracked the temporal structure of bounded vs. unbounded events. The two language groups performed similarly. The way people describe events may not affect the way they track event temporal profiles.  
 Effects of Discrimination Difficulty on Peak Shift and Generalization   
  Schlegelmilch, René 
 In this paper, we test the effect of manipulating discrimination difficulty on subsequent generalization of learning and in particular, on the peak shift effect. Participants learned a discrimination where one stimulus led to an outcome (S+) and another stimulus led to no outcome (S-). Difficulty was manipulated by varying the degree of similarity between the S+ and S- across groups (easy/medium/hard). In contrast to similar studies in animals, we found that increasing the difficulty of the discrimination resulted in less peak shift. Using a hierarchical mixture model, we characterize the effects of discrimination difficulty on relational- and similarity based responding, and show for the first time, a similar mixture of responding on stimulus identification gradients. We conclude that peak shift on generalization and identification measures can be explained by mixtures of participants responding in different ways.  
 Get more from less: Differential neural decoding for effective reconstruction of perceived naturalistic stimuli from noisy and scarce neural data   
  Güçlü, Umut 
 Decoding naturalistic stimuli from neural recordings is a significant challenge in systems neuroscience, primarily due to the high-dimensional and nonlinear nature of stimulus-response interactions, and is further exacerbated by the limited availability and noisiness of neural data. While contemporary approaches that incorporate generative models, such as Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), attempt to address these issues by mapping neural responses to latent representations, they do not fully overcome these obstacles. In this work, we present a novel paradigm of differential neural decoding (dicoding) that focuses on the relative changes in response patterns, which not only expands the neural training data quadratically but also inherently denoises it. To determine the corresponding stimulus changes, this method leverages the Euclidean and feature-disentangled properties of the underlying latents through vector arithmetic. As such, we not only effectively exploit the latent space but also achieve semantically meaningful latent offsets in the context of the stimuli, resulting in improved sample efficiency. We trained a decoder to predict changes in latent vectors based on the corresponding changes in neural responses. The absolute latent vector itself was derived by vector addition of the predicted latent change (indicative of stimulus shift) to a reference latent, which was fed to the generator for the reconstruction of the perceived stimulus. Our results show that this geometrically principled approach facilitates more effective reconstruction of naturalistic stimuli from noisy and limited neural data.  
 Preschoolers' Neophobia Influences Category-based Abilities Beyond the Food Domain   
  Hartshorne, Joshua K 
 We offer philosophical motivations for a method we call Virtual World Cognitive Science (VW CogSci), in which re- searchers use virtual embodied agents that are embedded in virtual worlds to explore questions in the field of Cognitive Science. We focus on questions about mental and linguistic representation and the ways that such computational modeling can add rigor to philosophical thought experiments, as well as the terminology used in the scientific study of such representations. We find that this method forces researchers to take a god's-eye view when describing dynamical relationships be- tween entities in minds and entities in an environment in a way that eliminates the need for problematic talk of belief and concept *types*, such as *the belief that cats are silly*, and *the concept CAT*, while preserving belief and concept *tokens* in individual cognizers' minds. We conclude with some further key advantages of VW CogSci for the scientific study of mental and linguistic representation and for Cognitive Science more broadly.  
 Cooperative Explanation as Rational Communication   
  Lake, Brenden 
 Advancements in deep neural networks have led to significant progress in computer vision and natural language processing. These networks, trained on real-world stimuli, develop high-level feature representations of stimuli. It is hypothesized that these representations, stemming from different inputs, should converge into similar conceptual systems, as they reflect various perspectives of the same underlying reality. This paper examines the degree to which different conceptual systems can be aligned in an unsupervised manner, using feature-based representations from deep neural networks. Our investigation centers on the alignment between the image and word representations produced by diverse neural networks, emphasizing those trained via self-supervised learning methods. Subsequently, to probe comparable alignment patterns in human learning, we extend this examination to models trained on developmental headcam data from children. Our findings reveal a more pronounced alignment in models trained through self-supervised learning compared to supervised learning, effectively uncovering higher-level structural connections among categories. However, this alignment was notably absent in models trained with limited developmental headcam data, suggesting more data, more inductive biases, or more supervision are needed to establish alignment from realistic input.  
 Latent meaning representations in great-ape gestural communication   
  Fröhlich, Marlen 
 Studies of meaning in human and primate communication face, in principle, similar methodological problems. In both cases, meaning is not observable directly, but must be inferred from more indirect sources, such as directly observable behavior. Recent work in probabilistic cognitive modeling of language use has therefore developed methods of inferring latent se- mantic meaning through the lens of a probabilistic model of language use. In this paper, we explore how to adapt such an approach for insightful investigations of primate communication. Towards this end, we develop a suitable probabilistic model of processes that generate communicative behavior by making use of functionally specified latent meaning representations. As a proof of concept, we apply this model to a rich, annotated data set of orangutan communicative dyadic interaction and conclude that explicit probabilistic modeling can provide additional insights for the study of animal communication pertaining to the context-dependent nature of signals and the gradual evolution of human communication systems.  
 Verbal overshadowing in odor recognition   
  Schumacher, Petra B. 
 This pupillometric study investigates the relevance of domain-final intonation for attention-orienting in German, employing a changing-state oddball paradigm with rising, falling and neutral intonation on deviant stimuli. Pupil dilation responses (PDR) to deviants were shown to be affected by their intonation contours, strengthening the case for the role of intonational edge tones in attention-orienting. Moreover, the magnitude and duration of the PDR response was higher for rises than falls, indicating the fundamental role of intonational rises for the activation of the attention-orienting mechanism in speech perception.  
 Language Models That Accurately Represent Syntactic Structure Exhibit Higher Representational Similarity To Brain Activity   
  Levine, Sydney 
 There has been exciting recent progress in computational modeling of moral cognition. Work in this area tends to describe the cognitive mechanisms of human moral judgment using symbolic models, which are interpretable and written in terms of representations that carry meaning. However, these models fall short of capturing the full human capacity to make moral judgments in that they fail to process natural language inputs but instead rely on formal problem specifications. The inability to interface with natural language also limits the usefulness of symbolic models. Meanwhile, there have been steady advances in conversational AI systems built using large language models (LLMs) that interface with natural language. However, these systems fall short as models of human reasoning, particularly in the domain of morality. In this paper we explore the possibility of building neuro-symbolic models of human moral cognition that use the strengths of LLMs to interface with natural language (specifically, to extract morally relevant features from it) and the strengths of symbolic approaches to reason over representations. Our goal is to construct a model of human moral cognition that interfaces with natural language, predicts human moral judgment with high accuracy, and does so in a way that is transparent and interpretable.  
 Inconsistent Arguments are Perceived as Better Than Appeals to Authority: An Extension of the Everyday Belief Bias   
  Singmann, Henrik 
 Social media is often used as a platform where individuals engage in debate regarding topics that are important to them. Not all arguments are equally convincing, and whilst a given argument may be persuasive to some people, it is often seen as inadequate by others. We are interested in both the individual and argument level differences that make ‚Äòeveryday' arguments such as those on social media persuasive. In a replication of our Everyday Belief Bias Task (Deans-Browne & Singmann, 2024), we investigate this question using a paradigm that consists of two parts. In the first part, we measure participant's individual beliefs about eight claims each referring to a political topic (e.g., Abortion should be legal). In the second part, participants rated an argument for each of these claims that was deemed as either good, inconsistent (containing internal inconsistencies), or authority-based (being centered around appeals to authority). We replicated the belief consistency effect ‚Äì participants preferred arguments that were also in line with their beliefs. We also found that authority-based arguments were rated as worse than inconsistent arguments, and that both types of arguments were rated as worse than good arguments. The implications are first that people do not evaluate arguments independently of the background beliefs held about them. Secondly, people are willing to ignore inconsistencies in arguments more than they are willing to accept the endorsement of authority figures as adequate evidence for arguments.  
 Conceptual Knowledge Modulates the Temporal Dynamics of Novelty Preference for Real-world Objects in a Visual Paired Comparison Task   
  Johnson-Laird, Phil 
 People who have no experience with programming can create informal programs to rearrange the order of cars in trains. To find out whether they rely on kinematic mental simulations, the current studies examined participants' eye movements in two experiments in which participants performed various moves and rearrangements on a railway consisting of a main track running from left to right and a siding entered from and exited to the left track. In Experiment 1, they had to imagine different sorts of single moves of cars on the railway. The sequences of their fixations resembled iconic gestures: they tended to look at the starting location of the imagined move, and then at its final location. In Experiment 2, the task was to create descriptions of how to solve four sorts of rearrangements that differ in their Kolmogorov complexity. It predicted the time to find the correct solution and the relative number and duration of fixations recorded during the description of each move for rearrangements of different complexity. Participants were more likely to fixate on the symbols on the cars than anything else, and they fixated longer when the rearrangement was more difficult. They also tended to fixate regions of the tracks where a car's movement began or ended, as if they were imagining a car moving along the tracks. The results suggest that humans rely on a kinematic mental simulation when creating informal algorithms.  
 Similarity in object properties supports cross-situational word learning: Predictions from a dynamic neural model confirmed   
  Demberg, Vera 
 In this paper we investigate whether subject doubling in French is affected by the Uniform Information Density (UID) principle, which states that speakers prefer language encoding that minimizes fluctuations in information density. We show that, other factors being controlled, speakers are more likely to double the NP subject when it has a high surprisal, thus providing further empirical evidence to the UID principle which predicts a surprisal-redundancy trade-off as a property of natural languages. We argue for the importance of employing GPT-2 to investigate complex linguistic phenomena such as subject doubling, as it enables the estimation of subject surprisal by considering a rather large conversational context, a task made possible by powerful language models that incorporate linguistic knowledge through pre-training on extensive datasets.  
 The Perils of Omitting Omissions when Modeling Evidence Accumulation   
  Frank, Michael J. 
 Choice deadlines are commonly imposed in decision-making research to incentivize speedy responses and sustained attention to the task settings. However, computational models of choice and response times routinely overlook this deadline, instead simply omitting trials past the deadline from further analysis. This choice is made under the implicit assumption that parameter estimation is not significantly affected by ignoring these omissions. Using new tools from likelihood-free inference, here we elucidate the degree to which omitting omissions, even in seemingly benign settings, can lead researchers astray. We explore the phenomenon using a Sequential Sampling Model (SSM) with collapsing boundaries as a test-bed.  
 Not all generics are created equal: Differentiating between 'do' and 'can' generic statements   
  Singmann, Henrik 
 Decisions about extinction risks are ubiquitous in everyday life and for our continued existence as a species. We introduce a new risky-choice task that can be used to study this topic: The Extinction Gambling Task. Here, we investigate two versions of this task: a Keep variant, where participants cannot accumulate any more earnings after the extinction event, and a Lose variant, where extinction also wipes out all previous earnings. We derive optimal solutions for both variants and compare them to behavioural data. Our findings suggest that people understand the difference between the two variants and their behaviour is qualitatively in line with the optimal solution. Further, we find evidence for risk-aversion in the Keep condition but not in the Lose condition. We hope that this task can facilitate further research on this vital topic.  
 Structural Generalization of Modification in Adult Learners of an Artificial Language   
  Griffiths, Tom 
 Autoregressive Large Language Models (LLMs) trained for next-word prediction have demonstrated remarkable proficiency at producing coherent text. But are they equally adept at forming coherent probability judgments? We use probabilistic identities and repeated judgments to assess the coherence of probability judgments made by LLMs. Our results show that the judgments produced by these models are often incoherent, displaying human-like systematic deviations from the rules of probability theory. Moreover, when prompted to judge the same event, the mean-variance relationship of probability judgments produced by LLMs shows an inverted-U-shaped like that seen in humans. We propose that these deviations from rationality can be explained by linking autoregressive LLMs to implicit Bayesian inference and drawing parallels with the Bayesian Sampler model of human probability judgments.  
 The (in)efficiency of within-language variation in online communities   
  Gureckis, Todd M 
 Helping is a universal human behavior, and is a core aspect of a functioning society. However, the decision to provide help, and what type of help to provide, is a complex cognitive calculation that weights many costs and benefits simultaneously. In this paper, we explore how various costs influence the moment-to-moment decision to help in a simple video game. Participants were paired with another human participant and were asked to make repeated decisions that could benefit either themselves or their partner. Several preregistered manipulations altered the cost each person paid for actions in the environment, the intrinsic resource capacity of individuals to perform the task, the visibility of the other player's score, and the affordances within the environment for helping. The results give novel insight into the cost-benefit analyses that people apply when providing help, and highlight the role of reciprocity in influencing helping decisions.  
 Distraction in Math Anxious Individuals During Math Effort-Based Problem Solving   
  Osth, Adam 
 We conduct tests of a hybrid-similarity exemplar model on its ability to account for the context-dependent memorability of items embedded in high-dimensional category spaces. According to the model, recognition judgments are based on the summed similarity of test items to studied exemplars. The model allows for the idea that ‚Äúself-similarity‚Äù among objects differs due to matching on highly salient distinctive features. Participants viewed a study list of rock images belonging to geologically defined categories where the number of studied items from each category was manipulated, and their old-new recognition performance was then tested. With a minimum of parameter estimation, the model provided good accounts of changing levels of memorability due to contextual effects of category size, within- and between-category similarity, and the presence of distinctive features. We discuss future directions for improving upon the current predictions from the model.  
 Children Expect People to Accurately Represent the Minds of Their Close Social Partners   
  Gerstenberg, Tobias 
 People often select only a few events when explaining what happened. What drives people's explanation selection? Prior research argued that people's explanation choices are affected by event normality and causal structure. Here, we propose a new model of these existing findings and test its predictions in a novel experiment. The model predicts that speakers value accuracy and relevance. They choose explanations that are true, and that communicate useful information to the listener. We test the model's predictions empirically by manipulating what goals a listener has and what actions they can take. Across twelve experimental conditions, we find that our model accurately predicts that people like to choose explanations that communicate optimal interventions  
 Towards a computational model of responsibility judgments in sequential human-AI collaboration   
  Jäger, Gerhard 
 This paper uses phylogenetic modeling to investigate the evolutionary mechanisms responsible for the maintenance of sound symbolism in the world's languages. Applying our model to sound-meaning correspondences reported in the literature, we find that many previously established associations are weaker than expected when analyzed using our framework. This is possibly because certain sound-meaning associations are artifacts of slow-changing vocabulary items rather than specific preferences for certain sounds in words with certain meanings. For sound-meaning associations for which we find evidence, the maintenance of sound symbolism appears to be due to a tendency to preserve words in certain meanings if certain sounds are present.  
 Dynamics of Causal Attribution   
  Demberg, Vera 
 When humans communicate, they typically adapt to their conversational partner in how they speak, and in how they interpret what the conversational partner says. In the area of pragmatic language comprehension, there is so far little work that has studied the individual differences between listeners with respect to adapting to a given speaker. We investigated which individual cognitive factors correlate with listener's ability to associate speakers with humorous utterances. We found that working memory updating (as measured by the Keeping Track Task) was a significant predictor of adaptation to the speaker. These findings are in line with a recent related study (Schuster et al., 2023) which investigated speaker-specific adaptation to the use of uncertainty expressions. We furthermore observe a correlation between speaker adaptation and the Faux Pas Test. This task is used for measuring theory of mind abilities and is believed to specifically tap into intention recognition, an ability which is also very relevant to joke comprehension.  
 Estimating Type of Print Exposure across Aging through Author Production   
 Qiu, Mengyang | ; 
  Johns, Brendan 
 This study introduces a novel approach for quantifying individual differences in print exposure through the integration of distributional semantics with the Author Production Test (APT). By employing the Universal Sentence Encoder to generate vector representations of authors from their works, we constructed 'participant vectors' reflecting the aggregated author vectors individuals produced in the APT and 'genre vectors' capturing the representative characteristics of each literary genre. By analyzing the cosine similarities between participant and genre vectors, we objectively estimated individuals' genre preferences. The results demonstrated a significant correlation between these objective measures and self-reported genre preferences, particularly for older frequent readers, highlighting the method's effectiveness. Our findings offer a promising avenue for the objective measurement of print exposure, with potential implications for developing personalized models of lexical behavior.  
 The role of counterfactual visibility in inference about absence   
 Walch, Marie Christin 
 This paper explores the use of linguistic strategies, specifically discourse markers like 'but', to express contrasts between expectations and reality when faced with unexpected events. The study concentrates on Denial of Expectation (DofE), the most powerful form of contrast, which arises when the expected value based on background assumptions is not met. The main focus of this paper is to model DofE as a weighted homogeneous relationship between object properties. The aim is to predict DofE for numerical properties in specific contexts. I aim to address a gap in previous models by considering the role of context. This is achieved by analyzing contrastive sentences from German car and motorcycle reviews. The research presents the concept of expectation intervals for scalar properties. These intervals align with expectations and exceeding them triggers a potential contrast. The study incorporates causality, expected behavior, and a shift function in selecting contrastive pairs, transforming the conditions into an algorithm. Keywords: contrast; computational and cognitive modeling; discourse analysis  
 Issues of Generalization from Unreliable or Unrepresentative Psycholinguistic Stimuli: A Case Study on Lexical Ambiguity   
  Stevenson, Suzanne 
 Word senses rise and fall due to a variety of causes. Previous research has explored how words grow novel senses, but the opposite problem of word sense decline is much less studied. Inspired by recent work on word decline, we investigate the cognitive factors that might explain the historical decline of word senses. We formalize a set of eight psycholinguistic predictors and assess their roles in discriminating declining senses from stable ones over the past two centuries in English. We find that semantic density, change in usage frequency in the semantic neighbourhood, and contextual diversity all predict word sense decline. Our study elucidates the cognitive underpinnings of word sense decline as the lexicon evolves.  
 Distributed statistical inference in social interaction networks   
  Ullman, Tomer D. 
 Eating onion ice cream is improbable, and levitating ice cream is impossible. But scooping ice cream using sadness is not just impossible: it is inconceivable. While prior work has examined the distinction between improbable and impossible events, there has been little empirical research on inconceivability. Here, we report a behavioral and computational study of inconceivability in three parts. First, we find that humans reliably categorize events as inconceivable, separate from probable, improbable, and impossible. Second, we find that we can decode the modal category of a sentence using language-model-derived estimates of subjective event probabilities. Third, we reproduce a recent finding that improbable events yield slowest response times in a possibility judgment task, and show that inconceivable events are faster to judge than impossible and improbable events. Overall, our results suggest that people distinguish the impossible from the inconceivable, and such distinctions may be based on graded rather than discrete judgments.  
 Simplifications made early in learning can reshape language complexity: an experimental test of the Linguistic Niche Hypothesis   
  Brennan, Jonathan R. 
 This paper tests the similarity in neural responses across repeated words and morphosyntactic features both within and between two languages. Prior work using priming has revealed robust cross-linguistic lexical effects and effects for shared grammatical form, such as argument structure; these methods have been less successful when applied to morphosyntactic features. Combining machine-learning based neural decoding with EEG data collected from Korean-English bilinguals we, first, replicate prior work showing successful classification of lexical items from EEG signals. We then extend this to demonstrate successful classification of morphosyntactic features of number and tense. Finally, we find that EEG decoding in one language does not successfully generalize to another, even when temporal differences are considered. Taken together, these results point to stable EEG representations for lexical items and morphosyntactic features, but suggest that these representations are different between the two languages investigated here.  
 Optimal compression in human concept learning   
  Hahn, Ulrike 
 Contemporary formal models aim to capture group polarization as the result of deliberation between rational agents. Paradigmatic models do, however, rely on rather limited agents, casting doubt on the conclusion that group polarization can be rationally reconstructed. In this paper, we use a recently developed Bayesian agent-based model of deliberation to investigate this conclusion. This model avoids problems we identify in a group of influential Bayesian polarization models. Our case study shows that a simple mechanism produces realistic patterns of group polarization: limited exchange of evidence across a sparse social network. We reflect on what our results mean for our formal understanding of rational group polarization.  
 Pragmatic intrusion in probability judgment: The case of conditionals   
  Hahn, Ulrike 
 Recent years have seen an explosion of theoretical interest, as well as increasingly fraught real-world debate, around issues to do with discourse participation. For example, marginalised groups may find themselves excluded or may exclude themselves from discourse contexts that are hostile. This not only has ethical implications, but likely impacts epistemic outcomes. The nature and scale of such outcomes remain difficult to estimate in practice. In this paper, we use agent-based modelling to explore the implications of a tendency toward `agreeableness' whereby agents might shape their communication so as to reduce direct conflict. Our simulations show that even mild tendencies to avoid disagreement can have significant consequences for information exchange and the resultant beliefs within a population.  
 How does social learning affect stable false beliefs?   
 Fujita, Hiroki 
 This study investigates cue-based memory retrieval during sentence processing. Cue-based retrieval theories argue that the parser uses lexical and structural information as retrieval cues to retrieve items from memory. Evidence for cue-based memory retrieval comes from research showing that non-target representations matching retrieval cues interfere with target retrieval. However, the degree of susceptibility to this similarity-based interference has been debated, having led to the development of different computational models. This study focuses on two cue-based models and tests their predictions in two experiments. The results suggested similarity-based interference, but its patterns were not fully compatible with these models. To reconcile these findings within the framework of cue-based memory retrieval, this paper presents a model that assigns substantial weight to the structure-based cue and incorporates the notions of initial retrieval and revision. Results from simulations indicate that the model incorporating these assumptions provides a better fit to the observed data.  
 Influence of Music Education and Interval Size on Grouping of the AB-AB Sequence Sounds   
 Rosi≈Ñski, Adam 
 This paper discusses an experiment conducted with two groups of participants, composed of musicians and non-musicians, in order to investigate the impact that the speed of a sound sequence and the interval size which selected sounds are played on the grouping of sounds into perceptual streams. Significant differences were observed between musicians and non-musicians with respect to the threshold sequence speed at which the sequence was split into two streams. In modern psychoacoustic studies, the qualifying criteria for listeners usually include otologically normal hearing (verified by audiometric test) and age. The differences in the results for the two groups suggest that the musical background of the participating listeners may be a vital factor. The criterion of musical education should be taken into account during experiments so that the results obtained are reliable, uniform and free from interpretive errors.  
 Cue-Based Memory Retrieval in Garden-Path Sentences   
  Levy, Roger 
 One hallmark of human language is its combinatoriality---reusing a relatively small inventory of building blocks to create a far larger inventory of increasingly complex structures. In this paper, we explore the idea that combinatoriality in language reflects a human inductive bias toward representational efficiency in symbol systems. We develop a computational framework for discovering structure in a writing system. Built on top of state-of-the-art library learning and program synthesis techniques, our computational framework discovers known linguistic structures in the Chinese writing system and reveals how the system evolves towards simplification under pressures for representational efficiency. We demonstrate how a library learning approach, utilizing learned abstractions and compression, may help reveal the fundamental computational principles that underlie the creation of combinatorial structures in human cognition, and offer broader insights into the evolution of efficient communication systems.  
 Pupil size reflects the relevance of reward prediction error and estimation uncertainty in upcoming choice   
  Wenig, Katharina 
 Causal perception' describes the phenomenon wherein certain interactions between objects are automatically and irresistibly experienced as involving cause and effect. Previous work using retinotopically-specific visual adaptation paradigms has provided evidence that there is at least one specific causal event, 'launching', which is identified sufficiently early in visual processing that the visual system still operates using the surface of the retina as its frame of reference. Here, we demonstrate that there are in fact multiple 'causal perceptions', such that the visual system also detects a category of event described as 'entraining'. Using a novel ambiguous 'launch/push' display, we find that adapting to launching events leads to more ‚Äòpushing' reports, while adapting to entraining events leads to more 'launching' reports, and that these adaptation effects only occur for test events presented to the same location on the retina as the adaptation stream (i.e., are retinotopically specific). We discuss the implications of this finding for future work on causal perception and cognition.  
 Advancing the (Elite) Grandmasters: AI's Role in Enhancing Chess Expertise   
  Dautriche, Isabelle 
 Languages tend to describe who is doing what to whom by placing subjects before objects. This bias for agents is reflected in event cognition: agents capture more attention than patients in human adults and infants. We investigated whether this agent preference is unique to humans. We presented Guinea baboons (Papio papio, N = 13) with a change detection paradigm with chasing animations. The baboons had to respond to a colour change which was applied to either the chaser/agent or the chasee/patient. They were faster to detect a change to the chaser than to the chasee, which cannot be explained by low-level features in our stimuli. Our study suggests that baboons show an agent preference similar to human infants and adults. This may be an evolutionarily old mechanism that is shared between humans and other primates, which could have become externalised in language as a tendency to place the subject first.  
 Readily grasping 'who' and 'whom': child-directed speech facilitates semantic role learning   
