Skip to content    
 CogSIMA 2023   
 Where Cognitive Science meets Computer Science  
  Patronage 
 CogSIMA 2023  
 LATEST:    
 NOTE: The submission link for the Late-Breaking Poster Session has changed from the prior URL. Please use | this link | for any remaining submissions. 
  We have | extended the deadline | for Late-Breaking Poster and Abstract Submissions to Monday, October 2nd. 
  Interested in having the latest announcements arrive directly to your inbox? Subscribe to the CogSIMA mailing list to receive news, information, important details and dates, and highlights using this link: | Subscribe 
  We have opened a | LATE-BREAKING  Poster and Abstract submission | window for students and other CogSIMA community members with early stage research to share. You can submit your application | HERE 
  CogSIMA 2023 Registration is NOW LIVE. To learn more and purchase tickets, go | HERE 
  Important Updates:    
 Accepted Paper Formatting Updates | – | Accepted paper authors who need to make updates to their papers to match “camera ready” formatting guidelines should update their already submitted EasyChair paper with the new copy rather than re-submit or email the changes directly to the technical programming committee | . 
 October 16-20, 2023  
 Welcome to Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love!  
 In its 13th year, the Conference on Cognitive and Computational Aspects of Situation Management (CogSIMA) is heading to the first Capital of the United States: CogSIMA 2023 will take place between October 16-20 at Drexel University  in Philadelphia, PA.  
 The CogSIMA conference series provides an annual venue for presenting multi-disciplinary research on complex heterogeneous dynamical systems – of interacting humans, machines, computer agents and/or networks – whose individual and/or collective behavior depends on their situation awareness.  
 Examples of systems include command and control systems, disaster monitoring and recovery systems, human-robot teams, physical and cyber security situation awareness systems, intelligent transportation systems, health care medical situation control systems, and many others.  
 Common to these systems is the need to adequately perceive, reflect, act, and communicate according to the current situation and expected changes – both in the environment and within the systems themselves.  
 The CogSIMA conferences are aimed at researchers and practitioners from academia, industry and government, with a wide variety of backgrounds and experience including computer science, human factors, cognitive science, modeling and simulation, robotics, and systems engineering.  
 Paper submissions will be handled via EasyChair: Here   
 For guidelines on submission format, please visit the EasyChair Author instructions here   
 Important Dates  
 Responding to many requests, the paper submission dates have been extended:  
 Regular Papers due: July 01, 2023 
  Poster Presentations due: July 01, 2023 
  Workshop and Tutorial Proposals due: June 10, 2023 
  Acceptance Notification: August 01, 2023 
  Camera Ready due: August 25, 2023 
  Hotel Room Reservation (at Group Rate) due: TBD 
  Important Announcements  
 The submission deadline has been extended to | JULY 1st 
  For questions concerning CogSIMA 2023 contact us at admin@cogsima.org  .  
 We look forward to seeing you in Philadelphia!  
  Please stay tuned for further updates!  
 Interested in having the latest announcements arrive directly to your inbox? Subscribe to the CogSIMA mailing list to receive news, information, important details and dates, and highlights using this link: Subscribe   
 Want to support the CogSIMA community? The CogSIMA nonprofit accepts charitable donations that go towards special events, conference planning, and keeping the lights on. Make your donation today:  
 Tweets by CogSima    
 About CogSIMA   
 The Cognitive Situation Management (CogSIMA) conference series provides an annual venue for presenting multi-disciplinary research on complex heterogeneous dynamical systems – of interacting humans, machines, computer agents and/or networks – whose individual and/or collective behavior depends on their situation awareness.  
 The CogSIMA conferences are aimed at researchers and practitioners from academia, industry and government, with a wide variety of backgrounds and experience including computer science, human factors, cognitive science, modeling and simulation, robotics, and systems engineering.  
 Find Us   
 CogSIMA @ Twitter: @CogSIMA   
  CogSIMA @ Youtube: CogSIMA   
  Follow #cogsima  on LinkedIn!  
  Email questions to: admin@cogsima.org   
 WordPress Theme: Dynamic News by ThemeZee.