Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
 Documents  Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards  Books Published    
 Sponsored by:    
 Call for Papers  
 Scope  | Conference Areas  | Keynote Lectures  | Paper Submission   
  Publications  | Important Dates  |  Secretariat  | Venue    
  Conference Chair  | Program Chair  | Program Committee    
 COMPLEXIS is sponsored by INSTICC  – Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication  
  SCOPE  
 COMPLEXIS – The International Conference on Complexity, Future Information Systems and Risk, aims at becoming a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing innovative views on all aspects of Complex Information Systems, in different areas such as Informatics, Telecommunications, Computational Intelligence, Biology, Biomedical Engineering and Social Sciences. Information is pervasive in many areas of human activity – perhaps all – and complexity is a characteristic of current Exabyte-sized, highly connected and hyper dimensional, information systems. COMPLEXIS is expected to provide an overview of the state of the art as well as upcoming trends, and to promote discussion about the potential of new methodologies, technologies and application areas of complex information systems, in the academic and corporate world.  
  COMPLEXIS seeks papers reporting research work, applications or case-studies, on topics indicated below in the section “Conference Areas”. Papers describing advanced prototypes, systems, tools and techniques and general survey papers indicating future directions are also encouraged. Both technological and social-oriented papers are accepted. All papers must describe original work, not previously published or submitted to another conference. Accepted papers, presented at the conference by one of the authors, will be published in the Proceedings of COMPLEXIS under an ISBN, and will be indexed by major indexes. Acceptance will be based on quality, relevance and originality. Both full research reports (regular papers) and work-in-progress reports (position papers) are welcome. There will be both oral and poster sessions.  
  Special sessions, dedicated to case-studies and focused presentations, as well as tutorials dedicated to technical/scientific topics are also envisaged: companies interested in presenting their products/methodologies or researchers interested in holding a tutorial, workshop or special session are invited to contact the conference secretariat or visit the conference website.  
  CONFERENCE AREAS  
 Luigi Atzori  ,  Universita degli Studi di Cagliari, Italy   
  PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Authors can submit their work in the form of a complete paper or an abstract, but please note that accepted abstracts are presented but not published in the proceedings of the conference. Complete papers can be submitted as a Regular Paper, representing completed and validated research, or as a Position Paper, portraying a short report of work in progress or an arguable opinion about an issue discussing ideas, facts, situations, methods, procedures or results of scientific research focused on one of the conference topic areas.  
  Authors should submit a paper in English, carefully checked for correct grammar and spelling, addressing one or several of the conference areas or topics. Each paper should clearly indicate the nature of its technical/scientific contribution, and the problems, domains or environments to which it is applicable. To facilitate the double-blind paper evaluation method, authors are kindly requested to produce and provide the paper WITHOUT any reference to any of the authors, including the authors’ personal details, the acknowledgments section of the paper and any other reference that may disclose the authors’ identity.  
  When submitting a complete paper please note that only original papers should be submitted. Authors are advised to read INSTICC's ethical norms regarding plagiarism and self-plagiarism  thoroughly before submitting and must make sure that their submissions do not substantially overlap work which has been published elsewhere or simultaneously submitted to a journal or another conference with proceedings. Papers that contain any form of plagiarism will be rejected without reviews.  
  All papers must be submitted through the online submission platform PRIMORIS  and should follow the instructions and templates that can be found under Guidelines and Templates  . After the paper submission has been successfully completed, authors will receive an automatic confirmation e-mail.  
  PUBLICATIONS  
 All accepted complete papers will be published in the conference proceedings, under an ISBN reference, on paper and on digital support.  
  The proceedings will be submitted for indexation by SCOPUS, Google Scholar, DBLP, Semantic Scholar, EI and Web of Science / Conference Proceedings Citation Index  .  
  IMPORTANT DATES  
 Conference Date:  28 - 29 April, 2024   
 Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  January 3, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 8, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  February 22, 2024 (expired)   
  Position Papers /Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  February 1, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 29, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 13, 2024 (expired)    
  Late-Breaking   
 Paper Submission:  February 22, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  March 13, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 20, 2024 (expired)    
  Workshops    
 Workshop Proposal:  December 22, 2023 (expired)    
  Special Sessions    
 Special Session Proposal:  December 22, 2023 (expired)    
  Tutorials    
 Tutorial Proposal:  March 19, 2024 (expired)    
  Demos    
 Demo Proposal:  March 19, 2024 (expired)    
  Panels    
 Panel Proposal:  March 19, 2024 (expired)    
  Abstracts    
 Abstract Submission:  February 29, 2024 (expired)    
 Authors Notification:  March 14, 2024 (expired)    
 Camera Ready and Registration:  March 22, 2024 (expired)    
  SECRETARIAT  
 COMPLEXIS Secretariat    
  Address: Avenida de S. Francisco Xavier, Lote 7 Cv. C   
  e-mail:  complexis.secretariat@insticc.org   
  VENUE  
 The conference will be held in Angers, France, on the campus of ESEO, a graduate school of engineering in IT, electronics, networks and telecommunications.  
  Angers, the main city of the department of Maine et Loire in the Pays de la Loire region is the capital of the historic province of Anjou and is considered one of the most beautiful cities in France with its old streets, museums, gardens, gastronomic restaurants and art festivals.   
