Skip to main content         
 CoNLL    
 Menu      
 User account menu  Log in 
 CoNLL 2024   
 May 24, 2024   
 CoNLL is a yearly conference organized by SIGNLL  (ACL's Special Interest Group on Natural Language Learning), focusing on theoretically, cognitively and scientifically motivated approaches to computational linguistics. This year, CoNLL will be colocated with EMNLP 2024  . Registrations for CoNLL can be made through EMNLP (workshop 1).  
 Submission page available here  .  
 Papers that have received reviews in current or previous ARR cycles can be committed to CoNLL 2024  here   by August 30, 2024.   
 Accepted papers   
 A list of papers that have been accepted for CoNLL 2024 is available here  .  
 Program   
 The program for CoNLL 2024 is available here  .  
 Call for Papers  
 SIGNLL invites submissions to the 28th Conference on Computational Natural Language Learning (CoNLL 2024). The focus of CoNLL is on theoretically, cognitively and scientifically motivated approaches to computational linguistics, rather than on work driven by particular engineering applications  . Such approaches include:  
 Computational learning theory and other techniques for theoretical analysis of machine learning models for NLP 
  Models of first, second and bilingual language acquisition by humans 
  Sociolinguistics 
  Multimodal and grounded language learning 
  We do not restrict the topic of submissions to fall into this list. However, the submissions’ relevance to the conference’s focus on theoretically, cognitively and scientifically motivated approaches  will play an important role in the review process.  
 Submitted papers must be anonymous  and use the EMNLP 2024 template  . Submitted papers may consist of up to 8 pages  of content plus unlimited space for references. Authors of accepted papers will have an additional page to address reviewers’ comments in the camera-ready version (9 pages of content in total, excluding references). Optional anonymized supplementary materials and a PDF appendix  are allowed. The appendix should be submitted as a separate PDF file (reviewers are not required to consider the materials in the appendix so it should not include any essential content to the understanding of the paper). Please refer to the EMNLP 2024 Call for Papers  for more details on the submission format. Note that, unlike EMNLP, we do not mandate that papers have a discussion section of the limitations of the work. However, we strongly encourage authors to have such a section in the appendix.  
 Please submit via Open Review  . CoNLL 2024 will accept ARR submission depending on the full review to be completed by Jul 1, 2024  . Please note that CoNLL 2024 is an in-person conference. We expect all accepted papers to be presented physically and presenting authors must register through EMNLP (workshop).</p>  
 Timeline   
  Submission deadline: Monday July 1, 2024  (EXTENDED) Sunday, July 7, 2024  
  ARR Commitment deadline: Friday, August 30, 2024  
  Notification of acceptance: Friday, September 20  (DELAYED), Tuesday, September 24, 2024  
  Camera ready papers due: Friday, October 11, 2024  
  Conference: November 15 - 16, 2024  
 Venue   
  CoNLL 2024 will be held in-person, along with EMNLP  in Miami, Florida  .  
 Multiple submission policy   
  CoNLL 2024 will refuse papers that are currently under submission, or that will be submitted to other meetings or publications, including EMNLP. Papers submitted elsewhere and papers that overlap significantly in content or results with papers that will be (or have been) published elsewhere will be rejected. Authors submitting more than one paper to CoNLL 2024 must ensure that the submissions do not overlap significantly (>25%) with each other in content or results.  
 Information About Travel Visas   
  If you will be requiring travel visas to Miami, Florida, please fill out this form: Travel Visa Form   
 This has been prepared by the EMNLP organizers to facilitate the process of acquiring visas. If visas are needed, your information should be provided as early as possible. If you have more questions, please contact Mark Finlayson and Zoey Liu, who are the local chairs here: EMNLP Organizers   
 CoNLL 2024 Chairs and Organizers  
 The conference's co-chairs are:   
 Malihe Alikhani  (Northeastern University, MA, USA)  
