Conference | About  Submission  Dates  Demo track  Camera Ready Instructions  Registration  Organization 
  Accepted papers | Main Conference  Demo Track  Awards 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Partners 
 CoopIS 2023   
   October 30 - November 3, 2023  
   Groningen, The Netherlands   
 International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems    
 Collocated with   EDOC 2023     
 [August 21, 2023] Registration information added    
 [October 31, 2023] CoopIS Opening    
 [October 31, 2022] Best paper candidates announcement    
 [November 1, 2023] Best Paper Awards    
 About CoopIS 2023  
 Cooperative Information Systems (CIS) facilitate the cooperation between individuals, organisations, smart devices, and systems of systems, by providing flexible, scalable and intelligent services to enterprises, public institutions and user communities. As a result, people and smart devices can interact, share information and work together across physical barriers. The domain of CIS integrates research results from different related computing areas, such as: distributed systems, coordination technologies, collaborative decision making, enterprise architecture, business process management and conceptual modelling.  
  In developing the next generation CISs, research is needed towards (1) the applicability and use of the above mentioned innovative technologies, (2) approaches to develop CISs in particular catering towards the multitude of stakeholders involved in the development of socio-cyber-physical systems, and (3) associated modelling techniques to express and analyse the different aspects of these systems in cohesion.  
  The CoopIS conference series is an established international event for presenting and discussing scientific contributions about technical, economical, and societal aspects of distributed information systems at scale.  
  This 29th edition will be hosted by the Bernoulli Institute  for Mathematics, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence of the University of Groningen, in Groningen, the Netherlands. More information are available in the Venue section  .It will be collocated with EDOC 2023  and its guiding theme is "Human-centric Information Systems", with a particular focus on the following areas: (click on the topic for details)   
  Topic 1: Knowledge Graphs, Data, Information, and Knowledge Engineering | Semantic Data Integration 
  Ontologies in the Digital World 
 Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research papers that are not under review for any other conference, workshop, or journal. Papers must be written in English. The contributions should address research questions that relate to one of the topics listed above.  
 We particularly encourage:  
 Contributions that introduce and evaluate technological innovations (e.g. new techniques, tools, methods or software). 
  The questions addressed should both be practically relevant and appealing to the general IS field. Full papers should include a systematic evaluation of the contribution and relate this contribution to related scientific work. Short papers may present work supported by preliminary evidence only.  
 Submitted papers will be peer-reviewed by at least 3 reviewers. Papers are evaluated in terms of originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity.  
 Submissions for full papers must not exceed 18 pages (including main contents and references) in the final camera-ready paper style. Short papers can cover up to 8 pages (including main contents and references). Submissions must be laid out according to the final camera-ready formatting instructions and must be submitted in PDF format.  
 Each accepted paper must have one of its authors registered to the conference before the camera-ready deadline. The conference organizers reserve the right of removing a paper from the proceedings if no author is officially registered by the camera-ready deadline. Moreover, only papers that have been presented by their authors during the conference will be published in the conference proceedings.  
 The final proceedings will be published by Springer Verlag in their Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). Author instructions can be found at:  
 It is mandatory to submit manuscripts in electronic form (in PDF format). Papers should be submitted at  
 EasyChair Submission System    
 Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Abstract submission | (Extended) | : | June 21, 2023 | July 8, 2023 
  Full paper submission | (Extended) | : | July 1, 2023 | July 15, 2023 
  Full paper notification: | August 7, 2023 | August 15, 2023 
  Camera ready due: September 3, 2023 
  Author registration due: September 3, 2023 
 Demo Track  
 We welcome demo paper submissions for the CoopIS 2023 Demo Track, which will be a part of the larger conference and will focus on showcasing innovative tools, services, and applications related to the conference's guiding theme of "Human-centric Information Systems". Topics related to this area, but not limited to, include:  
 Information Engineering and Knowledge Discovery | , which focuses on the technical aspects of information systems and the tools and techniques used to process data and information: | Knowledge Graphs, Data, Information, and Knowledge Engineering 
  Inductive Learning, Machine-Learning and Knowledge Discovery 
 We encourage authors to submit demo papers that showcase the practical application of research papers submitted to the conference, as well as innovative tools and applications originating from research initiatives or industry. Previously demonstrated tools are also welcome if they have added significant value, such as new features, adaptations, or new practical applications.  
 To assess the maturity and robustness of the tool, reviewers need access to the tool for testing. If the tool requires a license, it should be provided to reviewers, at least for the review period. The procedure to obtain the license must not disclose the identity of the reviewers.  
 Submission  
 Please submit a 5-page (1 column format)  extended abstract in PDF format, following the CEUR-ART formatting guidelines  . The extended abstract must contain the following information:  
 Title, authors, and affiliations; 
  A video demonstrating the tool through screen recording, preferably with voiceover, not exceeding 4 minutes in length. 
 Demo abstracts should be submitted through the EasyChair Submission System  , selecting "Demo papers".   
 All demo submissions will be reviewed by the demo reviewing committee, who will also vote on the best demo to be granted the “coopIS 2023 Best Demo Award”.   
 Accepted papers will be submitted for publication to CEUR  (indexed by DBLP and SCOPUS).  
 Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Demo submission: | September 8, 2023 
  Notification of acceptance: | October 2, 2023 
  Camera ready due: | October 9, 2023 
  Demo Chairs  
 Nour Assy | , Bonitasoft, France. 
  Moe Thandar Wynn, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
 Camera Ready Instructions  
 Authors of accepted papers must submit a zip file that includes:  
 The final source files, incl. bib files, images, etc. (no older source files) or a Microsoft Word file. 
  A final PDF file corresponding exactly to the final source files. 
  A license-to-publish agreement, signed by hand by the corresponding author on behalf of all of the authors of the paper. 
  A suggestion for an abbreviated running head, if appropriate. 
  Information about correct representation of authors’ names, where necessary. 
 When filling the licence form, please use the following information:  
 Title of the Proceedings: Proceedings of the International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS) 2023 
 Registration  
  CoopIS/EDOC Registration Fees  
 Full Conference  registration gives access to all week's activities, including CoopIS, EDOC, workshops, demos, doctoral consortium, keynotes, panels, tutorial, the conference reception and the conference dinner.  
 CoopIS 2023 employs a mutually utilized financial service in conjunction with the EDOC conference.  
 Please use the below registration link.  
 Register here    
 CoopIS Authors  
 Each accepted paper must be associated with one registration of an author to the conference. Each author registration can only be associated with a single accepted paper. Every author registration must be performed before the deadline, according to the instructions provided by the chairs.  
 Cancellation Policy  
 Participation is not granted until full payment of the registration fee is received.  
 The conference program is subject to changes.  
 Payments will be refunded if the conference will be canceled by the organizer. In that case, the organizer will have no further liability to the client. Registrations remain valid if the conference has to be postponed.  
 You will receive an order confirmation after the payment.  
 An invoice can be required to declare, via this email address webshop-fssc(at)rug.nl, if desired with the addition of the VAT number of the participant.  
  Graph Collaborative Filtering and Data Augmentation Strategies in Dual-Target CDR. | Xiaowen Shao, Baisong Liu, Xueyuan Zhang, Junru Li, Ercong Xu and Shiqi Wu. 
  Clustering Raw Sensor Data in Process Logs to Detect Data Streams. | Matthias Ehrendorfer, Juergen Mangler and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma. 
  Comparing the Performance of GPT-3 with BERT for Decision Requirements Modeling. | Alexandre Goossens, Johannes De Smedt and Jan Vanthienen. 
  A Requirements Study on Model Repositories for Digital Twins in Construction Engineering. | Philipp Zech, Georg Fröch and Ruth Breu. 
  Joint Dynamic Resource Allocation and Trajectory Optimization for UAV-Assisted Mobile Edge Computing in Internet of Vehicles. | Runji Li and Haifeng Sun. 
  Deep Dive Survey Miner. | Marwa Elleuch, Oumaima Alaoui Ismaili and Philippe Legay. 
  Awards  
 Best Paper Award  
 Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig | from the Linköping University received the Best Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. 
  Best Demo Paper Award  
 Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López | received the Best Demo Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Best Paper Runner-up Award | Two best paper runner-ups: 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
 Keynote Speakers  
  CoopIS keynote  
   Boualem Benatallah  
 Full professor, Dublin City University  , Ireland   
 Read more →    
 CoopIS keynote  
   Fabio Casati  
 Principal Machine Learning Architect, ServiceNow    
  Time  : Groningen, Netherlands Local Time  
 Please note that CoopIS 2023 is collocated with EDOC 2023 and full registration give access to all week's activities of both conferences. EDOC 2023 program is available at: EDOC     
 Monday  October 30 2023 
  Tuesday  October 31 2023 
  Wednesday  November 1 2023 
  Thursday  November 2 2023 
  Friday  November 3 2023 
 Graph Collaborative Filtering and Data Augmentation Strategies in Dual-Target CDR. Xiaowen Shao, Baisong Liu, Xueyuan Zhang, Junru Li, Ercong Xu and Shiqi Wu. 
 Clustering Raw Sensor Data in Process Logs to Detect Data Streams. Matthias Ehrendorfer, Juergen Mangler and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma 
 Comparing the Performance of GPT-3 with BERT for Decision Requirements Modeling. Alexandre Goossens, Johannes De Smedt and Jan Vanthienen 
 Proceedings  
 CoopIS 2023 Proceedings  
  CoopIS Demonstration Track 2023 Proceedings  
 Sponsoring  
 The joint CoopIS and EDOC conferences provide sponsors with a carefully selected, high-level audience with which to interact. Leading technologists mingle with brand names, world-renowned scientists and key business users from various application markets to provide a unique networking experience. In addition, carefully placed speaker slots and named sessions ensure your brand is showcased in a targeted environment. We offer 3 main sponsorship packages to help you meet a range of visibility and lead generation needs. Please feel free to contact us to discuss these and tailor our standard offering to your specific needs.  
 Prominent logo placement on the Website |  
 Logo placement in the printed conference program |  
 Display of company logo during plenary speeches |  
 Your leaflet in the attendees box |  
 Mentioning of the sponsors in all social media activities |  
 Two registrations to non-author persons of your choice or one registration for one author at the EDOC+CoopIS forum |  
 Your posters on display at the entrance of the conference location |  
 We cover 2 nights accommodation, you cover your travel costs |  
 Your logo on badges |  
 Promo booth at conference facility |  
 CoopIS 2023 will take place in Groningen, The Netherlands Nethelands (30 October–3 November 2023). It will be hosted at the Bernoulli Institute  at the University of Groningen.  
 About Groningen  
 Details in the registration section.   
 Best paper candidates  
 From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
 Best Paper Award  
 Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig | from the Linköping University received the Best Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. 
  Best Demo Paper Award  
 Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López | received the Best Demo Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Best Paper Runner-up Award | Two best paper runner-ups: 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
