  SPARK 
  MCTS 
  COPLAS 
  VVPS 
  Call for Workshops 
 COPLAS. Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems  
 The areas of AI planning and scheduling have seen important advances thanks to the application of constraint satisfaction models and techniques. Solutions to many real-world problems need to integrate plan synthesis capabilities with resource allocation, which can be efficiently managed by using constraint satisfaction techniques.  
 The workshop will aim at providing a forum for researchers in the field of Artificial Intelligence to discuss novel issues on planning, scheduling constraint programming/constraint satisfaction problems (CSPs) and many other common areas that exist among them. On the whole, the workshop will mainly focus on managing complex problems where planning, scheduling and constraint satisfaction must be combined and/or interrelated, which entails an enormous potential for practical applications and future research.  
 COPLAS is ranked as CORE B  in ERA Conference Ranking.  
 Proceedings  
 The COPLAS proceedings  are available as pdf  .  
 Schedule  
 This schedule as a PDF file.   
  real-life applications 
 A journal special issue is under consideration for best papers of COPLAS'11.  
 Important Dates  
  Workshop Format  
 The workshop will be organized in technical sessions; each session will be concluded by a commentary of the session chair. The goal of the commentary is not only to summarize the content of talks but to highlight important novel points and raise questions to foster further discussion. We also plan to have individual commentary of each paper done by other authors in the session. Rather than being a mini-conference, the workshop will focus on opening new research areas and topics, discussing possible solutions, exchanging ideas and approaches, and in general inspiring forthcoming research.  
 Organizers  
 Miguel A. Salido | (contact person) | Universidad Politécnica de Valencia (Spain) 
  Toby Walsh | , UNSW, Sydney and NICTA, Australia 
  Neil Yorke-Smith | , American University of Beirut/SRI International, USA 
  List of previous editions of COPLAS  
