 Information  Code of Conduct     
 Inclusion@CoRL 2023     
 Organizing Committee    
 About CoRL  Executive Board     
 Advisory Board     
 Sponsors     
 Information  Code of Conduct     
 Inclusion@CoRL 2023     
 Organizing Committee    
 About CoRL  Executive Board     
 Advisory Board     
 Sponsors     
 Code of Conduct   
 Inclusion@CoRL 2023   
 Organizing Committee   
 Folder:  About CoRL     
  Back     
 Contact   
 Registration for CORL 2023 is now open!  
  US Visa Invitation:   Due to the time it takes to process US visa applications, we encourage all international attendees needing a visa to register as early as possible. Note, you must register for in-person attendance for the visa invitation letter to be valid. We will refund the cost of the registration if the visa application is denied, as well as any cancellations made by September 10th. The visa invitation letter will be sent to you by email within 2 business days of registration.  
 Author Registration :   At least one author from each accepted paper must be registered to attend in person. Authors of accepted oral papers must attend in person for the oral presentation to remain on the schedule, otherwise the paper presentation format will be altered to a poster.  
 Virtual Attendance:   We are offering the opportunity for virtual attendance of CoRL 2023 at a reduced rate. However, note that virtual participation will be very limited. Specifically:  
 Virtual attendees will be able to watch talks live, as well as potentially contribute questions to the speaker. 
  Virtual attendees will NOT be able to present talks or posters. 
 FAQs  
 We suggest all CoRL 2023 attendees to avail early registration rates. Due to the long processing time in US visa applications, we encourage all potential attendees needing a visa to register early and start a visa application before paper decisions.   
 Kindly note, you must register for in-person attendance for the visa invitation letter to be valid. The visa invitation letter will be sent to you by email within 2 business days of registration.  
 General Cancellation Policy   
 Before Sept 11 midnight EST:  Complete Refund 
  After Oct 1, 2023:  No refund for cancellation. 
  Oct 1, 2023 - Oct 31, 2023:  Special Requests to convert to virtual registration in case of visa delays with documentary evidence. 
 How to request registration cancellation?   
 Please request cancellation via this form    before Sept 10  .  
 What if I register early, but my paper is rejected?   
 You will have the option to:  
 attend in-person (keep your registration), 
  attend virtually (convert registration to virtual only) for a partial refund, or 
  cancel your registration. 
  You will need to make a decision within 10 days of the paper notification deadline in case a complete refund is desired. (Date: Sept 11, 2023  ).  
 What if I register early and have an accepted paper, but my visa is rejected or delayed?   
 All accepted papers need a corresponding registration for publication in the CoRL proceedings. In case physical attendance is not possible for any of the authors, you may convert to a virtual attendee registration.  
  A partial refund of the difference in the registration costs between virtual and in-person will be issued. Kindly note that a proof of visa denial/delay will be required for the partial refund and all such requests must be submitted before Oct 31, 2023  .  
 Is the registration transferable?   
  However, in case of visa issues, or extenuating circumstances, please contact chernova@gatech.edu.  
 © 2023 Conference on Robot Learning | Contact: info@robot-learning.org