  Skip to footer 
   CSCW 2023   
 Menu  Search for:        
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
  Hybrid Experience 
  Information for Paper Presenters 
  Local Events 
  Local Guide 
  Program overview 
  CODE OF CONDUCT 
  About CSCW | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
 WORKSHOPS  
 Saturday, Oct 14, 2023  
 1. Back to “Back to Labor”: Revisiting Political Economies of Computer-Supported Cooperative Work  (Room: Boundary Waters B)  
 Organizers:  Joice Tang, University of Washington; McKane Andrus, University of Washington; Samuel So, University of Washington; Udayan Tandon, University of California San Diego; Andrés Monroy-Hernández, Princeton University; Vera Khovanskaya, University of California San Diego; Sean A. Munson, University of Washington; Mark Zachry, University of Washington; Sucheta Ghoshal, University of Washington  
 Format:  In-person  
 Description:  Almost thirty years ago, CSCW published an article written by Joan Greenbaum detailing how and why CSCW should consider the framing of “labor” over “work” in researching and designing information systems. This argument is especially salient in the present day, with the increasing wariness of algorithmically-mediated monitoring, surveillance, automation, and management in work processes. Despite its salience, Greenbaum’s paper has had relatively low engagement in CSCW so far. As such, this workshop responds to Greenbaum’s call-to-action, asking: 1) Where is CSCW research now in thinking about “work” vs. “labor” in designing systems? and 2) How can we support emerging CSCW scholars in grounding themselves in theories of work that includes (if not centers) a labor-oriented economic frame? This workshop will aim to generate a critical consciousness around labor issues in CSCW. Ultimately, by crafting individual commitments to labor, this workshop will aim to contribute to a more worker-centered future.  
 How to apply:  We invite participation from CSCW scholars with research interests in the future of work and labor, including but not limited to topics such as workplace technologies, platform-mediated labor, and technical workplace dynamics. We particularly welcome 1) early-career graduate students and their collaborators and 2) senior scholars wanting to broaden or bridge conversations in CSCW about work and labor.  
 2. Conceptualizing Indigeneity in Social Computing  (Room: Great Lakes A2)  
 Description:  AI systems are increasingly incorporated into human decision-making. Yet, human decision-makers are often affected by their cognitive biases. In critical settings, such as medical diagnosis, criminal judgment, or information consumption, these cognitive biases hinder optimal decision outcomes, thereby resulting in dangerous decisions and negative societal impact. The use of AI systems can amplify and exacerbate cognitive biases in their users. In this workshop, we seek to foster discussions on ongoing research around cognitive biases in human-AI collaboration and identify future research directions to understand, quantify, and mitigate the effects of cognitive biases. We will explore cognitive biases appearing in various contexts of human-AI collaboration: what can cause them?; how can we measure, model, mitigate, and manage cognitive biases?; and how can we utilize cognitive biases for the greater good? We will reflect on workshop discussions to form a research community around cognitive biases and bias-aware systems.  
 We invite participants to this workshop to submit their contributions including:  
 a short research summary or position paper (2-4 pages excluding references) discussing one or more workshop themes 
  an essay (one page) stating motivations for attending this workshop with a short bio 
  Each submission will be reviewed by the workshop organi  z  ers  and accepted based on the quality of the submission and the diversity of perspectives. Accepted submissions will be encouraged to record a short 3-5 minutes video presenting the content of their submission, which will be available to watch before the workshop.  
 All submissions should be sent as PDF via this form  . There is no specific template for submissions; however, we recommend using the ACM single-column templ  a  te  . Please correspond any question to cscw.cobi@gmail.com  .  
 4. Many Worlds of Ethics: Ethical Pluralism in CSCW  (Room: Lake Harriet)  
 Organizers:  Mohammad Rashidujjaman Rifat, University of Toronto; Ayesha Bhimdiwala, University of Texas at Austin; Ananya Bhattacharjee, University of Toronto; Amna Batool, University of Michigan; Dipto Das, University of Colorado Boulder; Nusrat Jahan Mim, Harvard University; Abdullah Hasan Safir, University of Warwick; Sharifa Sultana, Cornell University; Taslima Akter, University of California Irvine; C. Estelle Smith, Colorado School of Mines; Bryan Semaan, University of Colorado Boulder; Shaimaa Lazem, New Borg El-Arab; Robert Soden, University of Toronto; Michael Muller, IBM Research; Syed Ishtiaque Ahmed, University of Toronto  
 Format:  Hybrid  
 Description:  Although CSCW has shown a strong interest in diversity and inclusion, the literature predominantly reflects ethics rooted in Western universalism, modernism, scientism, and Euro-centrism. Consequently, CSCW theories and practices tend to marginalize millions of people worldwide whose ethical perspectives do not align with the narrow focus of ethics and values within CSCW. In an effort to embrace ethical pluralism within CSCW, we propose a day-long hybrid workshop in CSCW and invite researchers and practitioners to initiate conversations centered around three themes: (a) foregrounding ethical diversities, (b) adapting diverse ethics, and (c) addressing challenges, barriers, and limitations associated with incorporating plural ethics into CSCW. Through this workshop, we aim to bring together CSCW scholars and practitioners, fostering a community that advocates for and advances the cause of pluralism in socio-technical systems.  
 How to apply:  Despite a strong interest in diversity and inclusion, the CSCW community has marginally engaged with pluralism. In our day-long hybrid workshop, we will explore the opportunities and challenges of recognizing and adapting diverse ethics in CSCW theories and practices. We invite interested researchers and practitioners to submit a position paper under the following themes:  
 Foregrounding ethical diversities: | Identifying the systems of ethics that are marginalized in CSCW research, theories, and practices and underlining the importance of elevating those in CSCW. 
  Adaptation of diverse ethics: | Reflect on and propose ways in which future work in the CSCW community can adapt and accommodate for coexistence of diverse ethical paradigms. 
  Challenges, barriers, and limits of adapting plural ethics in CSCW: | What might be some pressing challenges of adopting pluralism in CSCW. What might be some negative consequences of adopting pluralism in sociotechnical systems? 
  Please send your paper to pluralismatcscw@gmail.com  with the subject line “CSCW 2023 Workshop”.  
 5. Trauma-Informed Design: A Collaborative Approach to Building Safer Online Spaces  (Room: Boundary Waters D)  
 Organizers:  Casey Randazzo, Rutgers University; Carol F. Scott, University of Michigan; Rosanna Bellini, Cornell Tech; Tawfiq Ammari, Rutgers University; Michael Ann DeVito, University of Colorado Boulder; Bryan Semaan, University of Colorado Boulder; Nazanin Andalibi, University of Michigan School of Information  
 Format:  Hybrid  
 Description:  Trauma-informed design, which is gaining greater attention in the Computer-Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Human-Computer Interaction (CHI) communities, focuses on designing and managing online platforms with consideration for the prevalence and impact of trauma on individuals, communities, and wider societies. This approach aims to build safer and more supportive digital spaces for users who have a history or trauma. This workshop enables participants to critically examine the application and measurement of trauma-informed approaches to social media. We bring together researchers and practitioners to explore the challenges and opportunities of trauma-informed design, with the goal of creating more compassionate and ethical online spaces that prioritizes user safety, well-being, and healing. Participants will engage in activities that encourage collaboration, discussion, and reflection on the principles of trauma-informed design and their application in different online contexts. By the end of the workshop, participants will have a better understanding of the principles of trauma-informed design and be equipped with tools and strategies to apply these principles in their work.  
 6. Centering refugees, migrants, and asylum seekers experiences in digitalization and datafication   
 Organizers:  Firaz Ahmed Peer, University of Kentucky; Reem Talhouk, Northumbria University; Vasilis Vlachokyriakos, Newcastle University; Trine Rask Nielsen, University of Copenhagen; Naja Holten Møller, University of Copenhagen; Kristin Kaltenhäuser, University of Copenhagen  
 Format:  Hybrid  
 Description:  Computer-Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and related fields of research are advocating for comprehensive investigations into the role of data and data-driven technologies to ensure responsible and appropriate usage within the context of migration, particularly for refugees and asylum seekers – a domain, set to be fundamentally reformed by data-driven technologies. The growing production of new types of data about refugees and asylum seekers presents authorities with novel opportunities to incorporate such data in their decision-making processes. Similarly, the ways through which refugees and asylum seekers are seeking information about healthcare, education, housing, peer support and other services is increasingly being done in online and digital spaces. As such, this workshop aims to center the experience of refugee and asylum seeking experiences across migration related information systems in order to unpack the ways through which digitalization and datafication impacts/transforms their daily lives and vice versa.  
 How to apply:  We invite anyone interested in participating to submit a two to four-page position paper (or equivalent material such as e.g. zines) that addresses the workshop themes (see below). We encourage you to discuss your interest in the themes, welcoming reports of (preliminary) empirical results, theoretically oriented pieces, as well as methodological reflections. We also welcome submissions reflecting on questions related to datafication, digitization, and migration that we have not listed in our themes. Submissions will be reviewed by the organizers and accepted based on the relevance and development of their chosen topic, as well as participants’ potential to contribute to the workshop. We will have two submission deadlines, to allow for early bird registration to the CSCW conference.  
 If you have any questions, please reach out to Firaz Peer (firazpeer@uky.edu).  
 Please use the link to the Google form on the workshop website to submit your paper.  
 7. Emerging Telepresence Technologies for Hybrid Meetings: an Interactive Workshop  (Room: Boundary Waters A)  
 Organizers:  Andriana Boudouraki, University of Nottingham; Houda El Mimouni, Indiana University Bloomington; Marta Orduna, Nokia Spain; Pablo Pérez, Nokia Spain; Ester González-Sosa,Nokia Spain; Pablo Cesar, The National Research Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science in the Netherlands; Jesús Gutiérrez, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid; Taffeta Wood, UC Davis; Veronica Ahumada-Newhart, University of California Davis; Joel Fischer, University of Nottingham  
 Format:  Hybrid  
 Description:  We are rapidly moving to a hybrid world, where telepresence technologies play a crucial role. But, are current technologies ready for such a shift? Do they provide adequate support for interaction and collaboration? In this workshop, together with the participants, we will try out a variety of telepresence technologies for hybrid meetings. Based on small hybrid group activities we will explore how different systems compare in terms of immersion, interaction, and usability. Additionally, we will reflect on the social implications of telepresence. The aim of the workshop is to bring together the lived experiences of both remote and local participants, with activities that stimulate reflections on our experiences. These reflections will fuel group discussions, to identify future research areas in telepresence and hybrid meeting technologies. Results from the workshop will be published as a white paper with recommendations for the design of future telepresence and hybrid meeting technologies.  
 How to apply:  This workshop is intended for HCI researchers and designers who are interested in studying or developing telepresence technologies for hybrid meetings and collaboration. Workshop applicants can make one of two types of submissions; 1) a position paper, 2) a system contribution. Please submit your paper via email to telepresence4hybridmeetings@gmail.com.  
 Sunday, Oct 15, 2023  
 8. Historicism in/as CSCW Method: Research, Sensibilities, and Design  (Room: Great Lakes A2)  
 Organizers:  Robert Soden, University of Toronto; David Ribes, University of Washington; Seyram Avle, University of Massachusetts Amherst; Sarah E Fox, Carnegie Mellon University; Phoebe Sengers, Cornell University; Shreyasha Paudel, University of Toronto; Megh Marathe, Michigan State University  
 Format:  In-person  
 Description:  This workshop furthers the growing adoption of historicism in HCI and CSCW. Inspired by mounting attention to history in the field, we aim to convene a broad range of scholars to advance the discussion around what a specifically historicist sensibility might look like for this research community, and how such a sensibility may be reflected in issues around research methods, evaluation, and training. In so doing, we will continue to trouble boundaries, disciplinary and otherwise, that demarcate what is considered to be history and whose histories are considered, as part of the broader turn to historicism that is underway. This one-day workshop will be in person and participant driven, with a stronger methodological focus than those that have come before. In addition to working groups focused on topics that emerge through workshop papers and initial discussions, we will develop practical next steps for creating a stronger enabling environment for historical approaches in HCI and CSCW research.  
 How to apply:  To apply, please send a brief position paper to cscwhistory@gmail.com  by August 21st 2023  . Position papers should be in the ACM Extended Abstract format and address one or more of the following:  
 Describe an ongoing research project that draws on history to make contributions to CSCW and/or HCI. 
  What does an historicist approach/sensibility look like in your work? 
  What challenges do you face in incorporating history in your research? 
  To apply, please send a brief position paper to cscwhistory@gmail.com  by August 21st 2023  . Position papers should be in the ACM Extended Abstract format and address one or more of the following:  
 Describe an ongoing research project that draws on history to make contributions to CSCW and/or HCI. 
  What does an historicist approach/sensibility look like in your work? 
  What challenges do you face in incorporating history in your research? 
 9. A Toolbox of Feminist Wonder: Theories and methods that can make a difference  (Room: Boundary Waters B)  
 Description:  This one-day hybrid workshop builds on previous feminist CSCW workshops to explore feminist theoretical and methodological approaches that have provided us with useful tools to see things differently and make space for change. Since its inception over a decade ago, feminist HCI has progressed from the margins to mainstream HCI, with numerous references in the literature. Feminist HCI has also evolved to incorporate other critical HCI practices such as Queer HCI, participatory design, and speculative design. While feminist approaches have grown in popularity and become mainstream, it is getting more difficult to distinguish the feminist emancipatory core from other attempts of developing and improving society in various ways. In this workshop, we therefore want to revisit our feminist roots, where theory is a liberatory and creative practice, motivatedby affect, curiosity, and wonder. We will engage in speculative, playful and collaborative making. From this standpoint, we consider which of our feminist tools can make a significant difference today, in a highly datafied world. The goal of this workshop is to; 1) create an inventory of feminist theories and concepts that have had an impact on our work as designers, educators, researchers, and activists; 2) develop a feminist toolbox for the CSCW community to strengthen our feminist literacy.  
 10. Data-Enabled Sustainability: The Collective Work of Turning Data into Actions for Environmental Care  (Room: Boundary Waters A)  
 Description:  An increasing range of technologies – from sensor-based IoT devices to digital platforms and AI-enabled systems – allows local institutions, collectives, or single individuals to generate and analyze environmental data. This one-day workshop invites discussions on the role of data and data-enabled practices in addressing challenges of environmental sustainability. Fostering acts of care for the environment is a complex endeavor entailing multi-lifespan relations to people and institutions, to the environment and other non-human actors, and to existing infrastructures and processes. The workshop addresses such challenges by exploring the role of data, and the work needed to make them meaningful and actionable for the many actors involved in protecting the environment. It will bring together interdisciplinary scholars, representatives of public institutions, activists, environmental collectives, and IT practitioners interested in the design of more sustainable futures. The workshop will discuss analytical and design issues of data-enabled sustainability, along with the practical opportunities and challenges of using data to infrastructure acts of care for the environment. The workshop will accommodate up to twenty participants and will be mainly run on-site.  
 How to apply:  We welcome researchers, practitioners, designers, and other actors who find this call relevant to their work and/or life practices. This one-day workshop will include short presentations and outdoor explorations of urban data practices for which sustainability is key. It will entail group and plenary discussions on how data can become valuable resources for actions aiming at environmental care.  
 We encourage participants to submit a 2-4 page position paper (references excluded) in the ACM single-column format, either by using the Word or Latex template.  
 11. Supporting User Engagement in Testing, Auditing, and Contesting AI  (Room: Boundary Waters C)  
 Organizers:  Wesley Hanwen Deng, Carnegie Mellon University; Michelle S. Lam, Stanford University, Ángel Alexander Cabrera, Carnegie Mellon University; Danaë Metaxa, University of Pennsylvania; Motahhare Eslami, Carnegie Mellon University; Kenneth Holstein, Carnegie Mellon University  
 Format:  In-person  
 Description:  In recent years, there has been a growing interest in involving end users directly in testing, auditing, and contesting AI systems. The involvement of end users from diverse backgrounds can be essential to overcome AI developers’ blind spots and to surface issues that would otherwise go undetected prior to causing real-world harm. Emerging bodies of work in CSCW have begun to explore ways to engage end-users in testing and auditing AI systems, and to empower users to contest erroneous AI outputs. However, we know little about how to support effective user engagement.  
 In this one-day workshop, we will bring together researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and non-profit organizations to share ongoing efforts related to this workshop’s theme. Central to our discussions will be the challenges encountered in developing tools and processes to support user involvement, strategies to incentivize involvement, the asymmetric power dynamic between AI developers and end users, and the role of regulation in enhancing the accountability of AI developers and ameliorating potential burdens towards end-users. Overall, we hope the workshop outcome could orient the future of user engagement in building more responsible AI.  
 How to apply:  We welcome participants who work on related areas in supporting user engagement in testing, auditing, and contesting AI. We will publicize the workshop through mailing lists, social media, and organizations that work on engaging users in AI testing, auditing, and contesting. Interested participants will be asked to contribute a brief statement of interest to the workshop. Submissions can take several forms:  
 Position paper (3-5 pages) | discussing or contributing to one or more themes highlighted in this proposal. 
  Video or audio demo of an interactive system (3-5 minutes) | that is relevant to user-engagement in AI testing, auditing, and contesting. 
  Case study | discussing ongoing work in engaging end users in AI testing, auditing, and contesting. 
 Format:  Hybrid  
 Description:  Community-collaborative approaches to technology research promise a more just, equitable, and societally impactful future for computer-supported collaborative work (CSCW). But how can we ensure that CSCW builds knowledge with communities as meaningful partners, rather than conducting research activities on them? And what would it take for our research activities to go a step further, with the aim of helping communities work towards alternative social structures and counter harmful structural oppression? With growing interest in community-collaborative approaches (CCA) in CSCW among both academic and industry institutions, it is time to reflect upon the field’s history of these forms of engagement to develop pathways for the future. This interactive workshop draws from an expert roundtable featuring CSCW and human-computer interaction (HCI) researchers with a collectively rich wealth of knowledge on enacting, critiquing, and navigating community-based research. Together, we explore the structural challenges of CCA for communities, research institutions, and individual researchers, with an explicit focus on how the values of computing research do and do not align with what is needed for truly community-collaborative work.  
 How to apply:  We invite computing researchers interested and invested in community-collaborative approaches to computing research. We welcome researchers with any experience or interest level in CCA work and aim to include a balance of expertise levels in the workshop.  
 Format:  In-person  
 Description:  This one–day, in-person workshop aims to support participants in reflecting, ideating, and prototyping new socio-technical approaches to help workers develop effective collaboration skills for complex work. While CSCW researchers have created tools to provide workers access to collaboration opportunities, workers require more support in learning to collaborate effectively to benefit from these opportunities. This workshop invites academic and industry researchers who study these topics and develop socio-technical systems for workplaces to participate. Participants will share insights from their work and work with each other to envision an agenda for future research and design of workplaces that support learning how to collaborate. Discussion and ideas generated from this workshop will be synthesized and archived online for the larger research community and the general public. We hope these discussions will foster new collaborations and further develop a community of researchers interested in supporting learning in the future of work.  
 How to apply:  Interested participants should submit a short paper describing original research and articulation of a contributor’s interest and experience in workshop topics. Interested participants should describe either: Their research, preliminary or completed, related to the topics of this workshop; or a position paper arguing for a particular idea or approach related to the topics of the workshop.  
 Paper should use ACM Extended Abstracts Format and be 3-5 pages long (excluding references). Submissions will be reviewed by the organizers based on both relevance and originality. Please submit papers to eveyhuang@u.northwestern.edu  by August 25th, 2023 (AOE)  .  
 14. Epistemic injustice in online communities: Unpacking the values of knowledge creation and curation within CSCW applications  (Room: Lake Harriet)  
 Organizers:  Leah Ajmani, University of Minnesota; Mo Houtti, University of Minnesota; Jasmine C Foriest, Georgia Institute of Technology; Michael Ann DeVito, Northeastern University; Nicholas Vincent, UC Davis; Isaac Johnson, Wikimedia Foundation  
 Format:  Hybrid  
 Description:  Information flows are pervasive on the internet and often have a low entry barrier. From an epistemological perspective, information evolves into knowledge. For example, information about mental health on TikTok can act as actionable knowledge for someone seeking to improve their mental health. However, social computing has long known that people do not interact with knowledge cleanly, especially in digital environments. While knowledge curation is essential for targeting irrelevant, biased, or even harmful information, it is value-laden; in choosing how to present information, we undermine non-traditional information such as personal experiences. In this hybrid workshop, we will bring together researchers from academia, industry, and marginalized communities to discuss how current CSCW applications contribute to the systemic silencing, exclusion, or delegitimization of certain knowledge contributions (i.e., epistemic injustice). We will diagram our own mental models of how knowledge is created and curated and reflect on critical questions to orient the design of inclusive knowledge spaces online, particularly with topics that blend personal experience with factual information, such as mental health.  
 Online only  
 15. Environmental and Climate Justice in Computing   
 Date:  Sat, October 14, 2023  
 Organizers:  Olivia Doggett, University of Toronto; Jen Liu, MIT; Ufuoma Ovienmhada, Cornell University; Samar Sabie, University of Toronto; Sarah Gram, University of Toronto; Matt Ratto, University of Toronto; Laura J Perovich, Northeastern University; Robert Soden, University of Toronto  
 Format:  Online only  
 Description:  While climate change has been a longstanding concern of HCI and CSCW communities, this scholarship has rarely drawn attention to the well-documented pattern of minoritized and marginalized communities unfairly carrying the brunt of environmental burdens. Through this one-day remote workshop, we plan to critically extend how CSCW can support climate action by focusing on two social movements, environmental and climate justice, both of which aim to reduce environmental degradation and pursue sustainable communities without doing so at the expense of others. Through this workshop, we aim to gather a community of researchers, activists, and practitioners conducting or interested in pursuing work related to environmental or climate justice. Through our activities, we aim to identify how CSCW and datafication has helped to uphold environmental or climate justice commitments or has been complicit in producing or maintaining environmental harms. We also plan to discuss and identify a CSCW research agenda addressing how to support environmental and climate justice principles and processes in designing technologies and systems. We hope that this workshop will help to initiate and foster a longer-term relationship with researchers, activists and practitioners engaging with these topics.  
 How to apply:  Our workshop discussion is anchored in a central question: as individual researchers, practitioners, and activists, in what ways does our work, and the research-related institutions we operate within, work against and toward environmental and climate justice movements? To respond to this question, we invite contributions on the following themes:  
 Datafication Imaginaries: | Reflections or analysis on the ways data and technology are designed, structured, implemented and disseminated to work toward or against environmental or climate justice outcomes; 
  Visibility and beyond: | Analysis on the role and relevance of visibility as intervention, as well as the potential for CSCW to support more radical interventions (e.g., land back, prison abolition) as an approach to environmental and climate justice outcomes; 
  Towards Critical Environmental Justice: | Identification of communities (including more than humans) and types of social difference that have been marginalized by traditional notions of sustainability in CSCW; 
  Methodologies: | Opportunities or limitations of existing methodological practices in CSCW (e.g., participatory design, co-production etc.) or academic norms (data collection, paper publication) towards advancing environmental and climate justice. 
 16. Afrocentric Collaborative Care: Supporting Context Specific Digital Health and Care   
 Date:  Sat, October 14, 2023  
 Organizers:  Oritsetimeyin Arueyingho, University of Bristol; Nicola J Bidwell, University of Management Namibia; Anicia Peters, National Commission on Research, Science and Technology (NCRST); Jacki O’Neill, Microsoft Africa Research Institute; Oussama Metatla, University of Bristol; Amid Ayobi, University College London; Makuochi Samuel Nkwo, University of Greenwich; Damiete Onyema Lawrence, Cinfores; Rockefeller Zimba, NHS; Hadiza Ismaila, University College London; Hilda Owii, University of Bristol; Saka Abiola Monsur, University of Bristol  
 Format:  Online only  
 Description:  Non-communicable diseases e.g., diabetes, cardiovascular conditions, and cancers etc, are slowly becoming silent epidemics in African countries. Most of them are closely linked with unique clinical manifestations and could go undetected until there is a complication. Management of these diseases requires long-term informal care, and this has resulted in a complex network of relationships between patients, complementary care providers, informal and formal caregivers. Unfortunately, there are not many studies investigating these relationships from a decolonized perspective with the intention of co-designing interventions that are unique to their lived experiences.  
 This workshop aims to bring together researchers working on digital health and care projects in Africa to discuss the implications of existing collaborative care structures and cultures for technology, as well as near future Afrocentric approaches to collaborative care. We aim to highlight existing challenges in technology enabled collaborative care, differentiate them from established challenges in the Global North and identify design opportunities. This workshop will contribute to the growing attention shown to the African continent in CSCW and HCI research more broadly.  
 17. AI through the Eyes of Gen Z   
 Date:  Sat, October 14, 2023  
 Organizers:  Nora McDonald, George Mason University; Afsaneh Razi, Drexel University; Karla Badillo-Urquiola, University of Notre Dame; John S. Seberger, Drexel University; Denise Agosto, Drexel University; Pamela J. Wisniewski, Vanderbilt University  
 Format:  Online only  
 Description:  Setting a Research Agenda for Emerging Technologies that Empower Our Future Generation: Artificial intelligence (AI) underpins virtually every experience that we have—from search and social media to generative AI and immersive social virtual reality (SVR). For Generation Z, there is no before AI. As adults, we must humble ourselves to the notion that AI is shaping youths’ world in ways that we don’t understand and we need to listen to them abSout their lived experiences. We invite researchers from academia and industry to participate in a workshop with youth activists to set the agenda for research into how AI-driven emerging technologies affect youth and how to address these challenges. This reflective workshop will amplify youth voices and empower youth and researchers to set an agenda. As part of the workshop, youth activists will participate in a panel and steer the conversation around the agenda for future research. All will participate in group research agenda setting activities to reflect on their experiences with AI technologies and consider ways to tackle these challenges.  
 How to apply:  Submissions can take various forms, such as (1) short bios with a statement of motivation/interest, (2) an academic position paper in the SIGCHI extended abstract format discussing one or more of the workshop themes, or (3) a case study demonstrating relevant work that contributes to one of our themes.  
 18. Can licensing mitigate the negative implications of commercial web scraping?   
 Date:  Sun, October 15, 2023 (10am-4pm)  
 Organizers:  Hanlin Li, University of Texas at Austin; Nicholas Vincent, University of California, Davis; Yacine Jernite, Hugging Face; Nick Merrill, University of California, Berkeley; Jesse Josua Benjamin, Lancaster University; Alek Tarkowski, Open Future  
 Format:  Online only  
 Description:  The rise of prominent AI models such as ChatGPT and Stable Diffusion has brought the scale of commercial web scraping to the forefront attention of content creators and researchers. Billions of webpages and images are used to train these models without content creators’ knowledge, sparking extensive criticism and even lawsuits against AI firms. Amidst such debates, licensing is proposed by researchers and legal experts to be a potential approach to mitigate content creators’ concerns and promote more responsible data reuse. However, it remains unclear what specific licensing terms will be effective to mitigate content creators’ concerns and what sociotechnical environments are necessary to facilitate the use of licensing at scale. This workshop will provide a venue for researchers, content creators, and legal experts to answer these questions.  
 How to apply:  We welcome research abstracts, essays, policy briefs, and articles that address the following aspects of web scraping and licensing. Submissions should be 2-4 pages long and outline the author’s research interests and how they relate to our workshop topics. Authors with accepted work will have 5 minute to present at the virtual workshop, followed by a Q&A with the audience.  
 Understanding the current landscape of web scraping and investigating how firms and developers approach the legal and ethical risks of scraping and aggregating web content. 
  Understanding current practices around licensing among content creators, e.g. how content creators license their content and what rights they would like to preserve when making their content publicly visible. 
  Identifying specific opportunities to operationalize licensing to counter the negative effects of web scraping and other unauthorized data reuses, including but not limited to privacy violation, lack of compensation for content creators, copyright infringements, etc. 
  Examining parallels between licensing and other creator-oriented responsible AI initiatives, such as data stewardship and refusal. 
  To apply, please upload your submission via this Google Form  by Sep 7, 2023. If you have any questions about how to submit, please email Hanlin Li at lihanlin@utexas.edu.  
 19. Community-driven AI: Empowering people through responsible data-driven decision-making   
 Date:  TBD  
 Interested participants are asked to submit a brief statement of interest, demonstrating their alignment with the workshop goals. Submissions can take one of the following forms:  
 A short bio with a statement of motivation/interest for attending the workshop. 
  A 2-page position paper (includes figures; excludes references) discussing one or more of the workshop themes. 
  A case study showcasing relevant work that contributes to the workshop themes. 
  20. Understanding & Evaluating UX Outcomes at Scale   
 Date:  Sat, October 14, 2023  
 Organizers:  Serena Hillman, Microsoft; Samira Jain, Microsoft; Craig M. MacDonald, Pratt Institute; Elizabeth F Churchill, Google LLC; Carolyn Pang, Oracle; Jofish Kaye, Carelon Digital Platforms; Erick Oduor, Maji.co.ke  
 Format:  Online only  
 Description:  Evaluating the success of applications from a summative perspective is essential to many industry researchers’ roles, yet a thorough understanding of what to measure and how to bridge business frameworks remains elusive. New technologies and novel ways of interacting with applications have garnered domain-specific interest in evaluating these experiences, but there is yet to be clarity or a path forward for a general methodological approach. While experience outcomes, UX OKRs, UX metrics, etc., are essential elements in HCI research and design, it has not become a core topic in HCI courses. This workshop aims to address this gap by bringing together academics and industry researchers involved in the measurement of success around large-scale applications – applications with a large user base. The objective of this workshop will be to engage in dynamic discussions around current evaluative experiences, how we move forward to produce valuable and unified updates to this topic, and a plan to do so. The workshop will specifically look at the value of writing a State of the Union paper, developing a community (e.g., SIG), and exploring education and training opportunities around this topic.  
 Join us at the CSCW conference to explore and drive progress in evaluating UX outcomes at scale. If you are working on or aspiring to evaluate large-scale applications based on user-centered approaches and metrics, this is the place to collaborate, share experiences, and collectively shape the future direction in this field.  
 How to apply:  Applicants will submit a 2–4-page position paper in the single-column ACM Master Article Submission Template. Papers can discuss past work, propose future work, and/or raise new ideas. We are looking for both experienced researchers in the space as well as those interested in developing the direction. You can reflect on: your involvement around past experiments and learnings, successes, challenges faced so far, interest in the space, and/or objectives or plans for future initiatives. For prompts, refer to Section 5 of the workshop proposal.  
 At least one author of each paper must attend the workshop virtually or in person. Acceptance will be based on quality, relevance, and diversity. We hope accepted papers will collectively represent diverse perspectives, domains, and methods.  
 Skip back to main navigation    
 © 2023   
 Mastodon 
  Twitter 
