Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
 Sponsored by:    
 Call for Papers  
 Scope  | Conference Areas  | Keynote Lectures  | Paper Submission   
  Publications  | Important Dates  |  Secretariat  | Venue    
  Conference Chair  | Program Chair  | Program Committee    
 CSEDU is sponsored by INSTICC  – Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication  
  SCOPE  
 CSEDU, the International Conference on Computer Supported Education, is a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing new educational tools and environments, best practices and case studies on innovative technology-based learning strategies, and institutional policies on computer supported education including open and distance education. CSEDU will provide an overview of current technologies as well as upcoming trends, and promote discussion about the pedagogical potential of new educational technologies in the academic and corporate world. CSEDU seeks papers and posters describing educational technology research; academic or business case-studies; or advanced prototypes, systems, tools, and techniques.  
  Full research reports (regular papers) and work-in-progress reports (position papers) are welcome, as well as general survey papers discussing future directions. Suggested topics are listed below in the section, “Conference Areas." Papers not falling into these topics may also be acceptable at the discretion of the program chairs. All papers must describe original work not previously published or submitted to another conference. Acceptance will be based on quality, relevance, and originality. Accepted papers, presented at the conference by one or more of the authors, will be published in the Proceedings of CSEDU under an ISBN and indexed by major indexes.  
  CSEDU will also host special sessions dedicated to case-studies and commercial presentations, as well as tutorials dedicated to technical/scientific topics. Companies interested in presenting their products/methodologies or researchers interested in holding a tutorial, workshop, or special session are invited to contact the conference secretariat or visit the conference website.   
  CONFERENCE AREAS  
  Vania Dimitrova  ,  School of Computing, University of Leeds, United Kingdom   
  PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Authors can submit their work in the form of a complete paper or an abstract, but please note that accepted abstracts are presented but not published in the proceedings of the conference. Complete papers can be submitted as a Regular Paper, representing completed and validated research, or as a Position Paper, portraying a short report of work in progress or an arguable opinion about an issue discussing ideas, facts, situations, methods, procedures or results of scientific research focused on one of the conference topic areas.  
  Authors should submit a paper in English, carefully checked for correct grammar and spelling, addressing one or several of the conference areas or topics. Each paper should clearly indicate the nature of its technical/scientific contribution, and the problems, domains or environments to which it is applicable. To facilitate the double-blind paper evaluation method, authors are kindly requested to produce and provide the paper WITHOUT any reference to any of the authors, including the authors’ personal details, the acknowledgments section of the paper and any other reference that may disclose the authors’ identity.  
  When submitting a complete paper please note that only original papers should be submitted. Authors are advised to read INSTICC's ethical norms regarding plagiarism and self-plagiarism  thoroughly before submitting and must make sure that their submissions do not substantially overlap work which has been published elsewhere or simultaneously submitted to a journal or another conference with proceedings. Papers that contain any form of plagiarism will be rejected without reviews.  
  All papers must be submitted through the online submission platform PRIMORIS  and should follow the instructions and templates that can be found under Guidelines and Templates  . After the paper submission has been successfully completed, authors will receive an automatic confirmation e-mail.  
  PUBLICATIONS  
 All accepted complete papers will be published in the conference proceedings, under an ISBN reference, on paper and on digital support.  
  The proceedings will be submitted for indexation by SCOPUS, Google Scholar, DBLP, Semantic Scholar, EI and Web of Science / Conference Proceedings Citation Index  .  
  IMPORTANT DATES  
 Conference Date:  21 - 23 April, 2023   
 Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  December 9, 2022 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 2, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  February 16, 2023 (expired)   
  Position Papers /Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  January 26, 2023 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 23, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 8, 2023 (expired)    
  Late-Breaking   
 Paper Submission:  February 16, 2023 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  March 8, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 15, 2023 (expired)    
  Doctoral Consortium    
 Authors Notification:  March 20, 2023 (expired)    
 Camera Ready and Registration:  March 24, 2023 (expired)    
  Special Sessions    
 Paper Submission:  February 28, 2023 (expired)    
  Tutorials    
 Tutorial Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    
  Demos    
 Demo Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    
  Panels    
 Panel Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    
  SECRETARIAT  
 CSEDU Secretariat    
  Address: Avenida de S. Francisco Xavier, Lote 7 Cv. C   
  e-mail:  csedu.secretariat@insticc.org   
  VENUE  
 The conference will be held at the Vienna House by Wyndham Diplomat Prague, Prague, Czech Republic.  
 The Vienna House by Wyndham Diplomat Prague is located in the diplomatic district, close to the historic centre. Where better to meet and enjoy the good life than where diplomacy prevails? The hotel is one of the most popular conference venues and the views over the rooftops alone make a visit worthwhile. From the wellness area the Castle seem within one's grasp.  
   CONFERENCE CO-CHAIRS   
