 Abstract  
 In this paper I trace the history of software engineering education and focus on some of the key players. I highlight what has been accomplished in degree programs and curricula, conferences and working groups, professionalism, certification, and industry–university collaboration. I also look at the challenges that lie ahead—the global reach of education, new delivery mechanisms, new professional efforts, and the need to engage in leadership in software engineering education. What new approaches should be considered? How can we educators maintain our vitality? How can we best nurture new educators and encourage others to join our profession?   
    Discover the world's research   
 Content uploaded by Nancy R. Mead    
 Author content    
 1. Introduction   
 This paper is reminiscent of A Ch  ristmas Carol  .    I feel like I  am writing abo  ut the ghost of      
 Christmas past, present, a  nd future! In some regards it’s h  ard to believe what has been    
 accomplished in a relat  ively short time. On the othe  r hand  , it feels like we have barely scratche  d   
 made by leaders in the pas  t, take a look at what the cu  rrent leadership is accom  plishing, and   
 guess at the makeup of ou  r leaders in the future.  N  eedless to say, so much has happened that     
 this short paper is far  from complete. I am just sc  ratching the surface in this li  st of   
 accomplishments and hav  e mentioned only a few of  the people who have been so  influential in   
 the field. I hope to fill in some of these gaps in m  y tal k.    
 Software Engineering Education (CSEE) took  place. Many of our current leaders were involved   
 in these early activities, both inside and outside the SE  I. Long before I thought of leaving IBM   
 and joining the SEI, I co-authored a paper on  s oftware  engineering education at IBM and   
 submitted it to one of th  ese early conferences , where it was published as part of the  Issues in    
 Software Engineering Education [2]  . Unfortunately, I did not have th  e opportunity to present    
 the paper, as the confer  ence was too close to my  wedding date!    
 As a consequence of thes  e early workshops, and work  at the SEI, the initial MSE  model   
 curriculum was develop  ed ,  and an MSE program  was started at Carnegie Mellon  University in   
 content. More recently, the  ICSE conference has includ  ed a software engineering  education    
 track. The CSEE conference series also broadened  its focus to include train  ing and is now     
 known as the C onference  on  S oftware   Engineering E ducation and T raining (CSEET)  .      
 Advancement of Software Engineering Educa  tion (FASE). Over the years it provided informal   
 3. The present    
 The CSEET has evolved to include the ASEET  , the Academy for Software Engineering    
 Educat ors & Trainer  s . This i  s a wonderful addition to the conference, and  supports the idea of      
 mentoring as a way of gro  wing the skills that are nee  ded for professional softw  are engineering   
 education. It is truly an exciting development.    
 The conference itself has  evolved from an SEI  offering to an IEEE-sponsored conference.    
 One bold move in the early days was to mov  e the conference out of Pittsburgh. After many     
 years in Pittsburgh, our first venture to another loca  tion was the conference in San Diego.   
 Another bold move was to start to hold the conference  in international locations. Many of the   
 early pioneers on the CSEE  T Steering Committee have been succeeded by dynam  ic young    
 educato rs. This is all to the good.     
 want to become complacent in the present. Chang  e is happening all around us and we need to   
 adjust to and motivate ch  ange. Here are some possib  le indicators of f uture trends:     
 • At our last conference, Dave Parnas  [1 6  ] said that he has come to think that may  be          
 there are three types of d  egree programs :  computer sc  ience for researchers, software    
 engineering for engineers developing m  ission- critical systems, and sof  tware    
 Article    
 Full-text available    
 Apr 2024 
  FUTURES 
 View     
 ... SEE has a long and illustrious history [16,  17], and undergraduate and/or graduate software engineering programs continue to proliferate globally. However, the issues pertaining to gender have to date been discussed rarely and peripherally [18], which is one of the motivations for this paper. ...   
 Small Educational Steps Towards Improving the Status of Women in Software Engineering    
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
 Jun 2023 
 Pankaj Kamthan 
  Nazlie Shahmir 
 The women in software engineering continue to face a culture of discord that manifests itself in the form of underrepresentation, unpleasantness, and/or inequitableness. This somewhat dire situation was only exacerbated during the COVID-19 pandemic when the women in software engineering education and profession had to deal with multiple 'crisis'. The status quo is clearly unacceptable, not least because of pervasiveness of software in society. In that regard, relying on a multipronged approach grounded in a body of knowledge, ethicality, and history, this paper proposes certain basic steps in software engineering courses and projects that could be put into practice for improving "gender literacy" among students. These educational steps are illustrated by anecdotes and examples.    
 View     
 Chapter    
 Aug 2022 
 Samuel Mann 
 Article    
 Full-text available    
 Jan 2024 
 Robert T. Hans 
 Online Software Engineering Graduate Program Case Study: Significant Student Engagement and Career Impact    
 Conference Paper    
 Mar 2023 
 Marcela Mera Trujillo 
 Chapter    
 Aug 2022 
 Pankaj Kamthan 
 Student Perception of Software Engineering Factors Supported by Machine Learning    
 Conference Paper    
 Why Educators Need to Team with Industry Professionals in Software Development Education    
 Conference Paper    
 Formal Education within the Software Life Cycle    
 Conference Paper    
  John Miklos 
 Approximately ten years ago, the Federal Systems Division of IBM initiated a software engineering program to train all software professions in current topics being taught in the leading universities. Thus began an extensive program that is still in operation today. Initial results demonstrated that the quality and reliability of the FSD software product was greatly enhanced. This paper describes the education program and documents some of the initial results that indicate the success of the education program.    
 View     
 Software Engineering: Graduate-Level Courses for AFIT Professional Continuing Education.    
 Conference Paper    
  Patricia K. Lawlis 
 The Air Force has witnessed a shortage of qualified software engineering personnel, a dramatic increase in the use of software across all application areas, and an increasing complexity of systems subsequently requiring personnel to have higher software engineering skill levels. In addressing these issues, several Air Force commands worked with the Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT) in developing a non-command-specific continuing education program in software engineering. The Software Engineering Institute (SEI) assisted Air Force personnel and AFIT faculty and staff in defining the curriculum and course content, and developing five graduate-level courses in AFIT's Professional Continuing Education program. The overall effort extended over a period of several years, from initial definition to the delivery of the first course(s). This paper describes the background and results of this unique collaborative effort, which included AFIT, the SEI, and SEI resident affiliates.    
 View     
 Discover more about: Software Engineering    
 Conference Paper    
 Software Engineering Education: How Far We've Come and How Far We Have to Go   
 Mark Ardis 
  This paper describes the major trends and events in the history of Master of Software Engineering programs. Productivity statistics are reported, and curricula are compared. Special attention is given to the pioneering role of some of the early programs, such as Wang Institute of Graduate Studies and Carnegie Mellon University.   
 Read more    
 Conference Paper    
 The Role Of Application Domain Tracks In Software Engineering Programs   
  Read more    
 Last Updated: 22 Oct 2024    
 Interested in research on Software Engineering?   
