CT-RSA 2023  
 The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference  
  San Francisco, California, USA • April 24–27, 2023  
 Call for Papers   Paper Submission   Program   Attending    
 Important Dates  
 Paper submission: Oct 18, 2022 
  Notification of decision: Jan 10, 2023 
  Camera-ready versions due: Feb 13, 2023 
  Author presentations due: Mar 28, 2023 
  Conference: April 24–27, 2023 
  Call for Papers  
 Original papers on all technical aspects of cryptology are solicited for submission. Papers of interest to the wider audience of security professionals at RSA Conference are especially encouraged. Topics include but are not limited to:  
 Design and security analysis of cryptographic primitives and protocols 
  Novel applications of cryptography 
  Cryptanalysis 
  Side-channel attacks and defenses 
  We also welcome systematization of knowledge (SoK)  papers. These papers will not be judged on novel research contributions, but on their value to the research community. SoK papers should provide an important new viewpoint on an established, major research area; support or challenge long-held beliefs in such an area with compelling evidence; or present a convincing, comprehensive new taxonomy of such an area. Survey papers without such insights are not appropriate for acceptance.  
 For submissions including practical evaluations, it is encouraged (but not required) to make implementations available to facilitate replicability and reproducibility.  
 Accepted papers (including SoK papers) will appear in the CT-RSA proceedings, published by Springer in its LNCS series.  
 CT-RSA is scheduled to be an in-person event. One of the things that makes CT-RSA special is the interaction between academia and industry. For that reason, it is strongly  preferred that authors of accepted papers present their work in-person. Exceptions will be made only in the case of serious extenuating circumstances, such as COVID restrictions, visa delays, and other emergencies. The presenter of each paper will be given a free Full Pass to RSA Conference.   
 Program Committee  
 Masayuki Abe: NTT Social Informatics Laboratories 
  Kang Yang: State Key Laboratory of Cryptology 
  Contact  
 For questions specific to the CT-RSA track, contact the CT-RSA program chair Mike Rosulek  . For other questions about RSAC, consult the RSAC webpage  .  
 CT-RSA 2023: The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference  
  San Francisco, California, USA • April 24–27, 2023