 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference 
 The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference  
   San Francisco, United States  
   Submission Deadline: Tuesday 18 Oct 2022   
   Conference Dates: Apr 24, 2023 - Apr 27, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 2.20   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 Original papers on all technical aspects of cryptology are solicited for submission. Papers of interest to the wider audience of security professionals at RSA Conference are especially encouraged. Topics include but are not limited to:  
  Design and security analysis of cryptographic primitives and protocols  
  Side-channel attacks and defenses   
 Overview  
 Top Research Topics at The Cryptographers’ Track at the RSA Conference?  
  Theoretical computer science (30.12%) 
  The objective of the conference is to combine knowledge in the areas of Computer security, Cryptography, Theoretical computer science, Encryption and Algorithm. The Computer security study tackled is a key component of adjacent topics in the area of Protocol (object-oriented programming). It holds forums on Cryptography that merges themes from other disciplines such as Discrete mathematics, Digital signature and Public-key cryptography.  
 The main emphasis of the conference is the subject of Probabilistic encryption, focusing on Deterministic encryption. Ciphertext indistinguishability is part of Ciphertext studies tackled in it. The work on Block cipher addressed in it expands to the thematically related Cipher.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at The Cryptographers’ Track at the RSA Conference:  
 The conference articles mainly deal with areas of study such as Cryptography, Theoretical computer science, Computer security, Encryption and Public-key cryptography. The most cited articles explore research in Parallel computing and overlapping concepts in Modular exponentiation to expand the discourse in Cryptography. While Encryption is the key highlight in the most cited papers, thet also covered some subjects on Embedded system and Advanced Encryption Standard.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Operating system 
  Programming language 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 The Cryptographers’ Track at the RSA Conference facilitates discussions on Cryptography, Discrete mathematics, Theoretical computer science, Computer security and Cryptanalysis. The presentations focused mostly on Cryptography in an attempt to further explore topics in Algorithm. In the event, Representation (mathematics), Key exchange, EdDSA, Scheme (programming language) and Function (mathematics) are investigated in conjunction with one another to address concerns in Theoretical computer science research.  
 The presented Computer security study covers related areas such as Computer security model, Anonymity and Blockchain and also touches on topics like First generation. The Cryptographers’ Track at the RSA Conference is concerned with the study of Cryptanalysis and Encryption in general. Public-key cryptography research are fields of study within Encryption but they also intertwine with concepts in Random function.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
 Inverse-Sybil Attacks in Automated Contact Tracing (3 citations) 
  Secure Fast Evaluation of Iterative Methods: With an Application to Secure PageRank (1 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 Top authors and change over time  
 The top authors publishing at The Cryptographers’ Track at the RSA Conference (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Nigel P. Smart | (11 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 1 more than at the previous edition, 
  Marc Fischlin | (11 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Lejla Batina | (8 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Stefan Mangard | (8 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
 Top affiliations and change over time  
 Only papers with recognized affiliations are considered   
 The top affiliations publishing at The Cryptographers’ Track at the RSA Conference (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Graz University of Technology | (29 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Katholieke Universiteit Leuven | (27 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Chinese Academy of Sciences | (20 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  École Normale Supérieure | (17 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  University of Bristol | (17 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 San Francisco, United States  
 The Cryptographer’s Track at the RSA Conference   
 Feb 07, 2022 - Feb 10, 2022  
 San Francisco, United States  
 The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference   
 Apr 24, 2023 - Apr 27, 2023  
 San Francisco, United States  
 The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference   
 Apr 24, 2023 - Apr 27, 2023  
 San Francisco, United States  
 The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference   
 Apr 24, 2023 - Apr 27, 2023  
 San Francisco, United States  
  10 Easiest Engineering Degrees for 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 The Cryptographers' Track at RSA Conference  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
