 About | About DAC | Operating Procedures 
  Sister Conferences 
  Conference Sponsors 
  DAC Awards Program | Women in Technology 
  DAC Most Influential Paper Award 
  Future DAC Dates 
  Research Special Session Call for Proposals 
  Systems and Software Track Presentation Submissions 
  Engineering Tracks Special Session Call for Proposals 
  DAC Pavilion Call for Proposals 
  Exhibitor Forum Call for Proposals 
  Late Breaking Results 
  Research Paper Submission Categories 
  Exhibitor Forum 
  Hands-On Training 
  Exhibition | Industry Partnership Levels 
  Exhibit @ DAC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Exhibitor Meeting Request Form 
  Attend | Why Attend DAC? 
  Students & Scholarships | Ph.D. Forum 
  Young Student Fellow Program 
  System Design Contest 
  PO Pistilli Undergraduate Scholarship 
  Hack@DAC 
  Moscone Center West 
  International Involvement 
  The Design Automation Conference Offers Opportunities for Students to Engage in the Annual Event Focused on the Design and Automation of Electronic Circuits and Systems 
  2024 DAC, The Chips to Systems Conference: A Record-Breaking Year for Innovation and Participation 
  DAC in the News 
  DAC Logos & Brand 
  DAC Blog | DAC 2022 Blog Posts | Calling All Data Scientists! 
  DAC Vlog 
  DACtv 
 The Global Event for Chips to Systems   
 I AM DAC  
 Exploring My Future at DAC  
 As a student passionate about electronic design and the semiconductor industry, I attend DAC to get a head start on my career. I am able to demonstrate my skills to design professionals and connect with mentors, recruiters, and future colleagues worldwide. I know that DAC can jumpstart careers by providing unparalleled networking and recruitment opportunities.  
 Research & Academia at DAC  
 My research drives innovation in the field and I'm here to showcase my work. DAC is the premier global design automation event, it assembles the ecosystem's foremost leaders, enabling us to spotlight breakthroughs pushing boundaries in the field. Presenting my research at DAC puts my work on the map, not just in the US but globally. DAC is not just about where we are today, it's about where the world will be tomorrow and far into the future.  
 Industry and Collaboration at DAC  
 As a design engineer in the electronic design ecosystem, I attend DAC to find the latest solutions and methodologies in AI, EDA, chip verification, design, and more. The technical program provides education for me and my colleagues, while the exhibits allow for firsthand interaction with vendors. The event is the perfect place to gain knowledge and network over four days. The DAC conference draws over 5,000 attendees that allows me to meet and collaborate with other designers in the ecosystem.  
 Exhibiting at DAC  
 As an exhibitor at DAC, I showcase my organization's software solutions and/or services to enable the next generation of chip design. More importantly, DAC gives us face to face time with our valuable customers and high-potential prospects from across the globe. It's the only yearly event that supports our business development objectives and my organization's goals.  
 Design   
 EVENT   
  About DAC   
  Exhibits   
  Conference   
