 About | About DAC | Operating Procedures 
  Sister Conferences 
  Conference Sponsors 
  DAC Awards Program | Women in Technology 
  DAC Most Influential Paper Award 
  Future DAC Dates 
  Research Special Session Call for Proposals 
  Systems and Software Track Presentation Submissions 
  Engineering Tracks Special Session Call for Proposals 
  DAC Pavilion Call for Proposals 
  Exhibitor Forum Call for Proposals 
  Late Breaking Results 
  Research Paper Submission Categories 
  Exhibitor Forum 
  Hands-On Training 
  Exhibition | Industry Partnership Levels 
  Exhibit @ DAC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Exhibitor Meeting Request Form 
  Attend | Why Attend DAC? 
  Students & Scholarships | Ph.D. Forum 
  Young Student Fellow Program 
  System Design Contest 
  PO Pistilli Undergraduate Scholarship 
  Hack@DAC 
  Moscone Center West 
  International Involvement 
  The Design Automation Conference Offers Opportunities for Students to Engage in the Annual Event Focused on the Design and Automation of Electronic Circuits and Systems 
  2024 DAC, The Chips to Systems Conference: A Record-Breaking Year for Innovation and Participation 
  DAC in the News 
  DAC Logos & Brand 
  DAC Blog | DAC 2022 Blog Posts | Calling All Data Scientists! 
  DAC Vlog 
  DACtv 
  University Demonstration 
  The Design Automation Conference Offers Opportunities for Students to Engage in the Annual Event Focused on the Design and Automation of Electronic Circuits and Systems  
 The Young Student Fellow Program and the P.O. Pistilli Scholarship now accepting submissions    
 Young Student Fellow Program:   
 The Young Student Fellow Program  sponsored by DAC, Cadence Academic Network and Synopsys, actively supports the next engineering generation by enabling young students at the beginning of a career to enter the dynamic world of design and automation of electronic systems. Each Young Student Fellow will engage at DAC through numerous events such as technical sessions, participation in student-related events at DAC, and a poster session designed to introduce each Young Student Fellow to the DAC community.  
 Design Automation Summer School with interesting presentations. 
  Special professional development program with career coaching and interview skill training. 
  Present a poster on the work they are doing and present this during a special DAC Poster session. 
  Prepare a short video on a research paper they attended at DAC. This can be any paper presented at DAC, other than one’s own or ones from the Fellow’s institution. 
  Exclusive events with major prizes. 
  Preference is given to junior or senior undergraduates in engineering, to under-represented demographics such as women and minorities, to students in smaller research groups and to students pursuing a master’s degree and or Ph.D.  
 For additional information on awards and the Design Automation Conference, visit www.dac.com  .  
 About DAC   
 Design Automation Conference acknowledges trademarks or registered trademarks of other organizations for their respective products and services.   
 press@dac.com   
 Event Sponsors  
 June 23-27, 2024  
  San Francisco  
  Exhibit at DAC   
 DAC is the premier conference devoted to the design and automation of electronic systems (EDA), embedded systems and software (ESS), and intellectual property (IP).  
 Become an Exhibitor   
  DAC-Cast   
 Stay up to date with DAC-Cast, the official podcast of the Design Automation Conference. Key topics discussed are tailored to practitioners in design and design automation ecosystem.  
 Listen Now   
 EVENT   
  About DAC   
  Exhibits   
  Conference   
