   Tech Innovation 
   Data Center 
   Intel’s Leading Contributions at SIGMOD’s Data Management on New Hardware (DaMoN) Workshop 
 Intel’s Leading Contributions at SIGMOD’s Data Management on New Hardware (DaMoN) Workshop   
 Subscribe    
 Highlights:    
 The 19th International Workshop on Data Management on New Hardware (DaMoN) was co-located with the 2023 ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference and took place on June 19, 2023, in Seattle, Washington. 
  Intel researchers contributed to this year’s workshop both as co-organizers as well as | co-authors of two papers among the 17 that were presented at the workshop. 
  Intel fellow Frank Hady delivered a keynote talk on “Memory: The DaMoN Demon.” 
 The 19th International Workshop on Data Management on New Hardware (DaMoN)  was co-located with the 2023 ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference  and took place on June 19, 2023, in Seattle, Washington. DaMoN is the premier venue for hardware-software co-design research in the database community. With a focus on strengthening communication between the database community and broader computer systems communities, this workshop aims at researchers from data management, computer architecture, compilers, operating systems, and storage systems who are interested in optimizing database performance on modern computing infrastructure by designing new data management techniques and tools.  
 Nesime Tatbul (Intel Labs) and Norman May (SAP) co-chairing DaMoN 2023   
 This year’s DaMoN Workshop  , fully in-person again after a four year of virtual and hybrid instances, featured17 long and short paper presentations organized into three sessions: Accelerators, Query Processing, and Memory & Storage. Furthermore, Intel fellow Frank Hady delivered the opening keynote on “Memory: The DaMoN Demon,” while Huanchen Zhang from Tsinghua University gave an invited talk on “Cost-Intelligent Data Analytics in the Cloud.”  
 Frank Hady delivering the DaMoN 2023 opening keynote   
 In recognition of exceptional work, the workshop also extended Best Paper Awards to the following works: “ The Difficult Balance Between Modern Hardware and Conventional CPUs  ,” by Fabio Maschi and Gustavo Alonso (ETH Zurich), and “ Microarchitectural Analysis of Graph BI Queries on RDBMS  ”, by Rathijit Sen and Yuanyuan Tian (Microsoft Gray Systems Lab).  
 Left to right: Nesime Tatbul, Fabio Maschi, Gustavo Alonso, Norman May;   
 Keynote    
 Memory: The DaMoN Demon    
 Frank Hady, Intel Fellow, Intel’s Office of the CTO Systems Architecture and Engineering Group   
 Memory technology limitations bedevil current computing systems and data management does not escape. As silicon scaling delivers ever faster compute, memory falls further behind exposing capacity, bandwidth, and power deficiencies in our systems. Seeing these issues, computer architects propose memory hierarchy changes only to find most applications shrink-wrapped to the current hierarchy and unable to change. Data management applications provide an innovation bright-spot with researchers and developers ready to co-optimize from application-to-hardware to deliver improved performance. Hierarchy improvements often matter here first. Sitting squarely at this confluence, DaMoN serves to engender such co-optimizations. With this in mind, we set a memory technology baseline using memory silicon trends and constraints. Additionally, we set a memory system baseline summarizing current system memory architectures and issues. Next, we look at the undeniable influence AI is exerting on the hierarchy. Taking memory technology, systems, and applications together, we speculate on memory hierarchy changes to expect – potentially creating opportunities for future data management applications. One such change is already visible in CXL-enabled memory hierarchies envisioned to deliver higher capacity and perhaps more. Finally, we speculate further on system optimizations around memory that are the subject of current research, like memory sharing and near memory computing.  
 Co-Authored Workshop Papers    
  KeRRaS: Sort-Based Database Query Processing on Wide Tables Using FPGAs    
 Sorting is an important operation in database query processing. Complex pipeline-breaking operators (e.g., aggregation and equi-join) become single-pass algorithms on sorted tables. Therefore, sort-based query processing is a popular method for FPGA-based database system acceleration. However, most accelerators have a limit on the table width or the number of columns they can sort. This limit is often set by the width of the data path or the amount of BRAM present on the FPGA. This paper proposes KeRRaS, an abstract sorting algorithm that enables existing sort-based query processors to support arbitrarily wide tables while offering scalability, preserving modularity, and having low resource overhead. Moreover, the researchers present an implementation of KeRRaS based on morphing sort-merge, a resource-efficient FPGA-based query accelerator. The implementation behaves similarly to morphing sort-merge on narrow tables, and scales well as the number of key columns increases.  
 Elastic Use of Far Memory for In-Memory Database Management Systems    
 The separation and independent scalability of compute and memory is one of the crucial aspects for modern in-memory database systems (IMDBMSs) in the cloud. The new, cache-coherent memory interconnect Compute Express Link (CXL) promises elastic memory capacity through memory pooling. This work adapts the well-known IMDBMS, SAP HANA, for memory pools by features of table data placement and operational heap memory allocation on far memory, and studies the impact of the limited bandwidth and higher latency of CXL. The results show negligible performance degradation for TPC-C. For the analytical workloads of TPC-H, a notable impact on query processing is observed due to the limited bandwidth and long latency of our early CXL implementation. However, the emulation shows it would be acceptably smaller with the improved CXL memory devices.  
 Tags (1)     
 0  Kudos     
 About the Author    
