 20th Anniversary of the International Workshop on  
 Data Management on New Hardware (DaMoN)  
 Held with ACM SIGMOD/PODS 2024, Santiago, Chile  - Monday June 10, 2024  
 SPONSORS  
 News  
  It uses | RAG | to search DaMoN proceedings and other documents 
  Be warned: Answers might be inaccurate :) 
  All papers are available at the | ACM portal 
  taking advantage of modern network capabilities for data processing 
  hardware/software co-design for modern data-intensive workloads (e.g., machine learning, graph analytics) 
  Submission Tracks  
 We invite submissions to two tracks:  
 Full papers: A full paper must be no longer than 6 pages excluding the bibliography. There is no limit on the length of the bibliography. Full papers describe a complete work in the area of data management for new hardware. Accepted papers will be given 10 pages (plus bibliography) for the camera-ready version and a long presentation slot during the workshop. 
  Short Papers: Short papers must not exceed 2 pages excluding the bibliography. Short papers describe very early stage works or summaries of mature systems. Short papers will be included in the proceedings, given 4 pages (plus bibliography) for the camera-ready version, and may be given a short presentation slot during the workshop. 
  All accepted papers (full and short) will also be presented as posters during a workshop poster session.  
 Best of DaMoN 2024  
 This year all accepted DaMoN papers will be considered for a best paper award  .  
 We intend to invite extended versions of a selection of DaMoN'24 papers for submission to the VLDB Journal. Extended papers that are accepted by the VLDB Journal will appear in a special “Best of DaMoN 2024” section within one of the regular VLDBJ issues.  
 Important Dates  
 Notification of acceptance: April 26th, 2024  April 29th, 2024  
 Workshop: June 10th, 2024  
 Submission Instructions  
 Accepted papers will be included within the informal online proceedings at the website. Additionally, all accepted papers will be published online in the ACM Digital Library. Therefore, the papers must include the standard ACM copyright notice on the first page.  
 Workshop Program  
 Program - Monday (June 10, 2024), Room: Parinacota  
 Philippe Bonnet, IT University of Copenhagen  
 Abstract  : NVMe is synonymous with modern storage. It was introduced as a means to efficiently expose Solid-State Drives as PCIe 3.0 peripherals. With NVMe, I/Os were no longer the bottleneck. Initially, the challenge for operating system and database system designers was to accomodate radically faster storage devices. Then, SSDs evolved to meet a range of cost/performance requirements. Accordingly, NVMe 2.0 introduced new transport models, storage models and cross-layer optimizations. This diversity introduced new challenges. Today, NVMe passthru and Flexible Data Placement enable data systems designers to shape how data is stored, instead of designing their systems around the characteristics of opaque storage devices. Computational storage was supposed to further improve the ability of system designers to specialize storage devices to fit their workloads. However, device memory management became a challenge. We discuss the proposed standard and speculate on the role NVMe may play in future data systems, in a context where CXL emerges, PCIe 7.0 is being standardized and power consumption is the bottleneck.  
 About the Speaker  Philippe Bonnet is professor at DIKU, the department of Computer Science of the University of Copenhagen. He contributed to the uFlip Benchmark, the Linux multiqueue block layer, the Linux framework for Open-Channel SSDs, the OX architecture for computational storage, the xNVMe library and Delilah, a prototype for eBPF offload on computational storage. Philippe is co-author of the book “Principles of Database and Solid State Drive Co-Design” with Alberto Lerner. He is currently trustee of the VLDB endowment and chair of the ACM EIG on Reproducibility and Replicability.   Invited Talk  
 Computer Architecture in Flux: The Central Processing Unit Is No Longer Central  
 David Patterson, University of California Berkeley  
  the end of Dennard scaling, and 
  the rise of the demand for AI cycles versus traditional applications. 
  Data is becoming more critical than compute due to its increasing cost and slowing capacity curves for memory and storage. Data location and movement are now central to cost and performance. To build robust systems in light of these changes, we must shift the focus of hardware and software design from processing to the memory, storage, and network components.  
 Effortless Locality Through On-the-fly Data Transformation  
  kar@cs.columbia.edu   
 Manage consent  - Copyright © DaMoN Organizers  
 Designed by Asma Awad & Muhammad El-Hindi   
