 Log in 
   Design, Automation and Test in Europe Conference |  
  The European Event for Electronic System Design & Test    
      Authors' Guidelines | Author Notification 
  Authors' Guidelines for Camera-Ready Submission of Accepted Papers 
  Guidelines for Tutorial and Workshop Organisers 
  Registration 
  Promotion & Sponsorship | Sponsors and Promotion Partners 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees | DEC - DATE Executive Committee 
  TPC - DATE Technical Programme Committee | TPC Rules 
  DATE Fellows 
  DSC - DATE Sponsors Committee 
  Archive 
  Photos are available in the DATE 20 24   Gallery  .  
 The time zone for all times mentioned at the DATE website is CET – Central Europe Time (UTC+1). AoE = Anywhere on Earth.   
 Click here to create your account and register for DATE 20 25      
 Read more about Registration & Participation 
 Your submission for DATE 20 25   has been accepted. Congratulations!  
 This page  contains instructions to prepare the final material required to publish your contribution in time for the conference.  
 Read more about Authors' Guidelines for Camera-Ready Submission of Accepted Papers 
  Share this page on social media  
 EDAA is a non-profit association. Its purpose is to operate for educational, scientific and technical purposes for the benefit of the international electronics design and design automation community. The Association, in the field of design and design automation of electronic circuits and systems, promotes a series of high quality technical international conferences and workshops across Europe and cooperates actively to maintain harmonious relationships with other national and international technical societies and groups promoting the purpose of the Association. EDAA is the main sponsor of DATE, the premier Design, Automation and Test Conference in Europe.  
 In recognition of the importance of university research to the advancement of design, automation and test, and to encourage young researchers to work in the field, EDAA has established an award for outstanding Ph.D. dissertations in 4 categories:  
 Nomination  
 Eligible are all Ph.D. dissertations which have been defended in the last 2 years before the submission deadline. The total reporting time should not be more than 6 years since the starting of the PhD that should clearly be stated in the applicant CV.  
 Nomination deadline is 13 December 2024 at midnight (AOE).  
 Award Chair  
 Ian O'Connor, Ecole Centrale de Lyon, Institut des Nanotechnologies de Lyon, France, and EDAA Vice-Chair Email: ian [dot]  oconnor   ec-lyon [dot]  fr    
 EDAA is a non-profit association. Its purpose is to operate for educational, scientific and technical purposes for the benefit of the international electronics design and design automation community. The Association, in the field of design and design automation of electronic circuits and systems, promotes a series of high quality technical international conferences and workshops across Europe and cooperates actively to maintain harmonious relationships with other national and international technical societies and groups promoting the purpose of the Association. EDAA is the main sponsor of DATE, the premier Design, Automation and Test Conference in Europe.  
 Candidates can be of any age. In order to be eligible, candidates must have made innovative contributions which had an impact on the way electronic and embedded systems are being designed. The goal of granting the award is to make the excellent work accomplish by people working within the above scope more widely known and to help publicizing the results more broadly.  
 Nomination  
 Nominations should be sent to the Chair of EDAA, Robert Wille ( robert [dot]  wille   tum [dot]  de   ), by 15 December 2024. Nominations should include a 2-/3-page appraisal of the candidate's work.  
 The award will be handed over during the DATE 20 25   opening ceremony in Lyon, France.  
 Submission IDs of Accepted Regular Paper  
 Official author notifications and reviews will be sent to authors by 19 November 2024.  
 7  
  8  
 Submission IDs of Accepted Extended Abstracts  
 Official author notifications and reviews will be sent to authors by 19 November 2024.  
 5  
  14  
 Read more about Author Notification for D, A, T and E tracks 
  Share this page on social media  
 DATE 20 25   offers numerous opportunities to get in contact with the DATE community and to advertise their novel solutions.   
 Download the DATE 20 25   Promotion & Sponsorship Opportunities here   
 DATE 20 25   is the perfect opportunity to present and communicate your technological and business capabilities to scientific, industrial and commercial audiences at one single European event. All companies, institutions, universities, initiatives and projects that are linked to DATE as promotion partners or sponsors benefit from the additional visibility of their corporate identity, their products, services, expertise and cause.  
 The DATE 20 25   promotion & sponsorship opportunities brochure gives you and idea of what DATE 20 25   can offer. Tailor-made packages can be arranged to suit your special requests. Feel free to contact us to discuss your needs and ideas.  
 We would be delighted to welcome you among our promotion partners and sponsors at DATE, and to welcome you in Lyon for an interesting programme and effective networking.   
 For more details, please contact the  
  Conference Organisation | Sponsorship   
  Kathleen Schäfer, K.I.T. Group GmbH Dresden, DE  
  date@kitdresden.de    
 Read more about Promotion & Sponsorship 
 The DATE conference is the main European event bringing together designers and design automation users, researchers and vendors as well as specialists in the hardware and software design, test and manufacturing of electronic circuits and systems. DATE puts a strong emphasis on both technology and systems, covering ICs/SoCs, reconfigurable hardware and embedded systems as well as embedded software.  
 The three-day event consists of a conference with regular papers, late breaking results papers and extended abstracts, complemented by timely keynotes, special days, focus sessions, embedded tutorials, half-day workshops and multi-partner project sessions. The event will also host the Young People Programme and unplugged sessions fostering the networking and the exchange of information on relevant issues, recent research outcomes and career opportunities.  
 DATE 20 25   is the 28th edition of an event that has always been the place for researchers, young professionals and industrial partners to meet, present their research and discuss the current development and next trends, with high emphasis on social interaction.  
 At DATE 20 25   , the DATE community, again, comes together for the conference in an intensive three-day format, focussing on interaction as well as further strengthening the community. The vast majority of regular papers will be presented in technical sessions using short flash-presentations, where the emphasis is on poster-supported live interactions (in addition to the common full-length presentation videos available before, during and after the conference). By this, we continue to focus on the core value of conferences: meeting, discussing and exchanging.  
 Download the DATE 20 25   Call for Papers  (web version) here 
  Download the DATE 20 25   Call for Papers  (printversion) here 
  Design, Automation and Test in Europe Conference  
 The European Event for Electronic System Design & Test  
  Defending Systems Against Malicious Attacks using Machine Learning  
 DATE Fellow Award  
 Ian O´Connor, École Centrale de Lyon, FR  
 For outstanding service contribution for DATE as General Chair of DATE 20 23   .  
 DATE Best Paper Awards  
 D-Track:  
 Xueyuan Liu 1  , Zhuoran Song 1  , Guohao Dai 1  , Gang Li 1  , Can Xiao 2  , Yan Xiang 2  , Dehui Kong 2  , Ke Xu 2   and Xiaoyao Liang  1   
 We would like to thank the jury who carefully reviewed all presentations and selected the winner.  
 Hassan Najafi, Antonio Miele, Marcello Traiola, Angeliki Kritikakou, Jose Cano Reyes, Li Zhang  
 ASD Outstanding Paper Award  
 in line with the DATE Special Initiative "Autonomous Systems Design"  
 Justin Davis  and Mehmet Belviranli  , Colorado School of Mines, US  
  Context-aware Multi-Model Object Detection for Diversely Heterogeneous Compute Systems  
 Read more about DATE 2024 Awards 
  Share this page on social media  
  Subscribe to    
 DATE Newsletter Subscription  
 Stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter.   
