Skip to main content  17 - 19 April 2023 | Antwerp, Belgium   
     User account menu  
 Log in 
   Design, Automation and Test in Europe Conference |  
  The European Event for Electronic System Design & Test    
      Authors' Guidelines | Authors' Guidelines for Camera-Ready Submission of Accepted Papers 
  Authors' Guidelines for Audio-Visual Presentation 
  Programme | Tutorials 
  Conference Venue 
  Promotion & Sponsorship | Sponsors and Promotion Partners 
  Committees | DEC - DATE Executive Committee 
  TPC - DATE Technical Programme Committee | TPC Rules 
  DATE Fellows 
  DSC - DATE Sponsors Committee 
  Archive 
 The time zone for all times mentioned at the DATE website is CEST – Central Europe Summer Time (UTC+1). AoE = Anywhere on Earth.   
 Photos are available in the DATE 20 23   Gallery  .  
 Read more about DATE 2023 Impressions 
  Share this page on social media  
 Read more about DATE 2024 - Call for Papers 
  Share this page on social media  
 2023 EDAA Achievement Award  
 Jason Cong, UCLA, US  
 Jatin Arora, CISTER Research Centre, ISEP, IPP, PT  
 Shared Resource Contention Aware Schedulability Analysis For Multiprocessor Real-Time Systems  
 EDAA Outstanding Dissertations Award 2023  
 Topic 1:  
 Xiaochen Peng, Ph.D  
 Hasan Hassan, Ph.D.  
 Improving DRAM Performance, Reliability, and Security by Rigorously Understanding Intrinsic DRAM operations   
 DATE Fellow Award 2023  
 Cristiana Bolchini, Politecnico di Milano, IT  
 DATE 20 23   also presented the DATE Fellow Awards from DATE 20 20   to DATE 20 22   :  
 DATE 20 20   Fellow Award: Jürgen Teich, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU), DE  
 DATE 20 21   Fellow Award: Giorgio di Natale, TIMA (CNRS), Grenoble, FR  
 DATE 20 22   Fellow Award: Franco Fummi, University of Verona, IT  
 DATE Best Paper Awards 2023  
 Each year the Design, Automation and Test in Europe Conference presents awards to the authors of the best papers. The selection is performed by the award committee composed of the Track Chairs Lukas Sekanina, Alberto Bosio, Ilia Polian and Liliana Cucu and the following members: Katell Morin-Allory, Jeronimo Castrillon, Alessio Spessot, Julio Medina, Jean-Philippe Noel, Lorena Anghel, Dimitris Gizopoulos, Rosa Rodríguez-Montañés, Kazuo Sakiyama, Elke De Mulder, Ahmed Rezine, Cristiana Bolchini, Callie Cong, Julien Forget and Masanori Hashimoto.  
 D-Track  
 Hardware Efficient Weight-Binarized Spiking Neural Networks    
 Zhuoran Song, Heng Lu, Gang Li, Li Jiang, Naifeng Jing and Xiaoyao Liang  
 Shanghai Jiao Tong University, CN  
 Best Paper Award Nominations  
 D Track  
 Perspector: Benchmarking Benchmark Suites   
 T Track  
 Device-Aware Test for Back-Hopping Defects in STT-MRAMs   
 Sicong Yuan1; Mottaqiallah Taouil1; Moritz Fieback1; Hanzhi Xun1; Erik Jan Marinissen2; Gouri Kar2; Siddharth Rao2; Sebastien Couet2; Said Hamdioui1  
 1Delft University of Technology; 2IMEC  
 Assessing Convolutional Neural Networks Reliability through Statistical Fault Injections   
 1Univ. Polytechnique Hauts-de-France, LAMIH; 2University of California Irvine; 3INSA Hautsde-France  
 Read more about DATE 2023 Awards 
  Share this page on social media  
 Read more about Survey: Conference Evaluation, Suggestions & Comments 
 Your opinions will be most appreciated and will help the committee to maintain future DATE conferences at the highest quality and even increase the relevance of the event in the European Design and Test community. Thank you for your time and support!   
 Read more about EDAA Achievement Award 2023 goes to Jason Cong 
  Share this page on social media  
 Read more about DATE Programme Overview 
  Share this page on social media  
 This document describes the guidelines to prepare and present audio-visual materials at DATE 20 23   . Please read all instructions carefully and follow them strictly to maintain the highest possible standards. Even experienced speakers should read the following paragraphs, as they cover several problems that have arisen over the years.  
 DATE provides a centralised presentation management  system for speakers of D, A, T and E Track sessions, Late Breaking Results paper presentations, Multi-Partner Project presentations, Focus Sessions, Special Day and Special Initiative ASD presentations as well as presentations in line with the Young People Programme. It will not be possible to use own devices for presentations in the session rooms.  
  The centralised presentation management will not be provided for workshops (incl. Special Initiative ASD workshop) and embedded tutorials. Workshop and embedded tutorial speakers will receive presentation information from the workshop/embedded tutorial organisers.  
 Click here to register for DATE 20 23      
 Read more about Registration & Participation 
 Special hotel room rates and Lufthansa Group airlines fares  
 In cooperation with the Antwerp Convention Bureau, the Conference Organisation offers hotel rooms at favourable rates in Antwerp for all conference delegates. 
  The Lufthansa Group airlines bring people together - every day, all around the world. The global route network of Austrian Airlines, Lufthansa, SWISS, Brussels Airlines and Eurowings offers optimal connection and combination options, so you will benefit from quick and direct flights to the event. 
  In cooperation with Visit Antwerp, Antwerp city pass are offered at discounted prices for | DATE 20 23 | delegates. 
 Read more about Accommodation & Travel 
 DATE 20 23   offers numerous opportunities to get in contact with the DATE community and to advertise novel solutions.  
 Download the DATE 20 23   Promotion & Sponsorship Opportunities here   
 DATE is the perfect opportunity to present and communicate your technological and business capabilities to scientific, industrial and commercial audiences at one single European event. All companies, institutions, universities, initiatives and projects that are linked to DATE as promotion partners or sponsors benefit from the additional visibility of their corporate identity, their products, services, expertise and cause.  
 The DATE 20 23   promotion & sponsorship opportunities brochure gives you and idea of what DATE 20 23   can offer. Tailor-made packages can be arranged to suit your special requests. Feel free to contact us to discuss your needs and ideas.  
 We would be delighted to welcome you among our promotion partners and sponsors at DATE, and to welcome you in Antwerp for an interesting programme and effective networking.   
 Read more about Promotion & Sponsorship 
 Read more about LK_3 Special Day Lunchtime Keynote: Analyze the Patient, engineer the therapy 
 DATE Newsletter Subscription  
 Stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter.   
