  Topics 
  Medical topics 
  For author 
  Contact 
  Privacy 
  DepCoS–RELCOMEX 2023   
 18th International Conference on Dependability of Computer Systems  
  International Journal of Electronics and Telecommunication   
 July 3-7, 2023, Poland, Brunów   
 Programme  Where    
 Deadlines  
  Full version of the paper uploaded for revision: February 20, 2023   
  Notification of acceptance: March 10, 2023   
  Camera-ready papers: March 24, 2023   
  Conference registration: April 21, 2023   
  Where and when  Instruction for authors  Payment    
 New! Dependable computer systems in medicine and health care  
 In the eighteenth edition of DepCoS-RELCOMEX, we are expanding the conference scope towards the application of computer techniques and technologies in medicine and health care. Below, we have listed examples of research areas that, in our opinion, are important from the point of view of medicine and at the same time closely related to the subject of the conference.    
 Imaging techniques and analysis of medical images  
   Submision  
 Once the document is ready please upload the PDF or DOC text through our submission system   
  Info  
 The text should be 8 - 10 pages long after final formatting including all figures, tables and bibliography positions; additional fee will apply for extra pages over the limit.  
   Latex  
 Very important  : please indicate conference name, conference number and your paper ID on the bank transfer.  
 We prepare the invoice for the conference fee once it is paid. We issue the invoice for the institution – the paymaster of the participant. The invoice will be sent by post before the conference date.  
 Payment deadline: 21st April 2023  .  
 Where and when  
  When  
 July 3-7  
  2023  
  Where  
 Bus transport  
 The conference offers the bus transport from Wroclaw to Brunów on Monday, July 3rd and from Brunów to Wrocław on Thursday, July 6th.  
 DepCoS-RELCOMEX 2023 Programme Committee  
 Zamojski Wojciech (Chairman)   
  Wroclaw Medical University, Poland   
 DepCoS-RELCOMEX 2023 Organising Committee  
 Chairman   
  Jacek Mazurkiewicz, PhD  
   depcos@pwr.edu.pl  
 image/svg+xml                              
