 We are going to Designing Interactive Systems  
 The Interactive Technologies Institute is once again marking its presence at one of the most relevant conferences in Computer Science. The Designing Interactive Systems (DIS) 2023 takes place at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh (USA) from the 10th to the 14th of July. The DIS conference is “ the premier international arena where designers, artists, psychologists, user experience researchers, systems engineers, and many more  , come together to debate and shape the future of interactive systems design and practice.  “  
 We are participating in DIS 2023 with three research papers by Valentina Nisi, Marta Ferreira, and Shuhao Ma. Additionally, these researchers represent the Interactive Technologies Institute and the Portuguese research community since there are no other research institutions from Portugal at DIS this year. Below we list our participation in the conference.  
 Interactions with Climate Change: a Data Humanism Design Approach  
 Authors:  Marta Ferreira, Valentina Nisi, Nuno Jardim Nunes  
 Uncovering Gig Worker-Centered Design Opportunities in Food Delivery Work  
 Authors:  Shuhao Ma, Paulo Bala, Valentina Nisi, John Zimmerman, Nuno Jardim Nunes  
 The gig economy and digital labor platforms, such as food delivery, have become essential while also troubling the current socioeconomic landscape. Delivery platforms promise entry-level work, flexibility, and other benefits. However, researchers remain divided on if these platforms benefit workers and society at large. This study aims to shed light on the comprehensive challenges in food delivery work, uncovering gig worker-centered design opportunities to improve the lives of food couriers. Adopting an exploratory research process, we analyzed 19 ride-along food delivery videos and performed nine semi-structured interviews with food couriers in Portugal. The team’s findings illustrated the complexity and challenging nature of delivery work due to the entangled physical, digital, social, natural, and human factors. They captured and discussed gig worker-centered opportunities that surfaced from work challenges, echoing the needs of food couriers about supporting work, justice, inclusion, and work vision.  
 In adition to the research papers, Beatriz Severes, doctoral student, has won the conference T-Shirt Design Contest. The full programme of the conference is available on DIS 2023 website  .  
 Team  
