Skip to the content    DIS 2023    
 ACM Designing Interactive Systems. 10-14 July 2023   
    Menu      
 Email 
  @ACMDIS2023 
  DIS on Mastodon 
 ACM DIS2023  
 Taking place  in person and  at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania  , USA  , 10-14th July 2023   
 We invite you to submit to ACM Designing Interactive Systems (DIS) 2023. The conference chairs are Nik Martelaro  and Daragh Byrne  (Carnegie Mellon University). Our technical program committee includes Sarah Fox  (Carnegie Mellon University), Sarah Fdili Alaoui  (LISN-Université Paris Saclay), Cayley MacArthur  (University of Waterloo), Andy Boucher  (Northumbria University), David Chatting  (Goldsmiths, University of London), and Iohanna Nicenboim  (Delft University of Technology).  
 Attending DIS2023  
 A summary  and searchable version  of DIS 2023 Program is available online with a summary. Information on attending DIS  in person and remote is now online. Registration for DIS 2023 is open. Visit the registration page  for details.  
 Important Dates:  
 Papers and Pictorials deadline  : | Abstract 2 February 2023   
  Final paper 9 February 13 February 2023 
 Workshop Proposals deadline | 23 February 2023 
 Work in Progress/Provocations,  Demo  , Doctoral Consortium  deadlines | 17 March, 2023 
 Arts Exhibition  deadline: extended | 12 April 2023 
 Deadlines specified as midnight Anywhere on Earth  time.   About the Conference  
 The ACM SIGCHI Conference on Designing Interactive Systems (DIS) is the premier international arena where designers, artists, psychologists, user experience researchers, systems engineers, and many more, come together to debate and shape the future of interactive systems design and practice. DIS is ranked 12th in HCI on Google Scholar  and a Tier A publication venue  , partly due to an average acceptance rate of 25%  over the years.  
 Note from the Chairs  
 We are delighted that DIS 2023 will return to in-person conference programming and will be hosted by Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA  . For those who cannot attend in person, there will be opportunities to present online and engage with conference goers.  
 After three years of online programming, Pittsburgh is an ideal city to host our return to in-person conference experiences. Pittsburgh has a long history of reinvention, revival, and resilience. Once the largest steel producing region in the world, it is now a booming hub for AI, automation, creativity, and culture. Pittsburgh has reinvented itself through investments in education, health care, technology and advanced manufacturing alongside huge investments into cultural institutions such as the Carnegie Museum of Art  and the Andy Warhol Museum  . Additionally, Carnegie Mellon – the host institution — stands at the intersection of technology, design, art, creativity, and innovation. The city offers an excellent backdrop for discussions around technology, design and art.  
 With the return to an in-person conference, we are also excited that many tracks, formats, and experiences that have been missing from DIS during the pandemic will return. This year, we’ll reintroduce demos, works in progress, and an arts exhibition to make place in the program to showcase emerging ideas, processes, and expressions. Two days of workshops  will also precede the main three-day conference. This — along with the reintroduction of panels and evening events — we hope will create rich space for conversation, provocation, and debate about the design, research and practice for interactive systems.  
 We are looking forward to seeing you in Pittsburgh in Summer 2023,  
 Nik and Daragh  
 DIS 2023 Theme: Resilience   
 “Everything is chaos and always becoming, The only thing that we know is that it will always change.”  
 In recent years, we have been forcefully reminded of the importance of resilient design and resilient systems. Between pandemics, changing climates, and local and global upheavals, events have led many in the design world to reconsider how robust the things we are designing really are and how robust they could be. Despite recognition of how important resilience is to society, systems, and interactions, achieving this in practice requires many new and alternative ways of thinking and rethinking, knowing and unknowing, making and unmaking.  
 […] research was accepted by and received a Best Paper Award during ACM Designing Interactive Systems (DIS) 2023, which is dedicated to advancing the field of user-centered system […]  
 […] analysis was accepted by and obtained a Best Paper Award throughout ACM Designing Interactive Systems (DIS) 2023, which is devoted to advancing the sector of user-centered system […]  
 Thinking beyond audio: Augmenting headphones for everyday digital interactions – Pin System  says:     
 […] research was accepted by and received a Best Paper Award during ACM Designing Interactive Systems (DIS) 2023, which is dedicated to advancing the field of user-centered system […]  
 DIS Steering committee 
  Organisers 
 Email 
  @ACMDIS2023 
  DIS on Mastodon 
 More information  
 More details of events, tracks and attending DIS2023 will be announced in the run up to the conference. Please contact track chairs for additional details.  
 Contact DIS2023  
 web@dis2023.acm.org   
 © 2024 DIS 2023   
 Privacy Policy   
 Powered by WordPress   
