  Contact Us 
 DNA 30  
 Johns Hopkins University  
 September 16-20, 2024  
 The Meeting  
 Research in DNA computing and molecular programming draws together mathematics, computer science, physics, chemistry, biology, and nanotechnology to address the analysis, design, and synthesis of information-based molecular systems. This annual meeting is the premier forum where scientists with diverse backgrounds come together with the common purpose of applying principles and tools of computer science, physics, chemistry and mathematics to advance molecular-scale engineering and biology. The 30th International Conference on DNA Computing and Molecular Programming (DNA30), organized under the auspices of the International Society for Nanoscale Science, Computation and Engineering (ISNSCE), will focus on the most important recent experimental and theoretical results.  
 Poster Instruction  
 For authors interested in presenting their work only in the poster session, including research or projects of interest to the conference community. The abstract submission will be submitted electronically via EasyChair following the instructions and link at the conference web page. All poster submissions should be in PDF format and conform to the following guidelines:  
 The total length of the abstract should not exceed 1 page (11 point type, single spaced, 1 inch margins).   
 The one-page abstract should describe the primary results and their importance.   
 At the discretion of the PC, a small number of high-quality posters may be selected for short (10 minute) presentations at the conference. For consideration, optional supporting documentation is strongly encouraged to be submitted in addition to the one-page abstract.   
 Student Registration Fee Waiver  
 All registrations include ISNSCE Membership Dues.  
 Registration ends on September 6, 2024.   
 Solicitation for Papers  
 Key Dates  
 Full paper (track A) and extended abstract (track B) submission: May 6, 2024  
 Notification of paper acceptance: July 1, 2024  
 Revised manuscripts due: July 15, 2024  
 Poster (track C) submission: July 8, 2024  
 Notification of poster acceptance: July 22, 2024  
 Early registration deadline: July 30, 2024  
 Registration Ends September 6, 2024  
 Conference: September 16-20, 2024  
 NOTE: ALL DEADLINES ARE FIRM, THERE WILL BE NO EXTENSIONS!  
 Thank you to our sponsors!  
 © 2023 All Rights Reserved.