  Symposia 
  DocEng 2023 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Call for Workshops & Tutorials 
  Call for Challenges 
  The 23 rd  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering  
 August 22, 2023 to August 25, 2023   
  Limerick, Ireland   
 Overview  
 This is the main structure of the DocEng'23 programme:  
  Friday 25th of August 9AM - 2PM, Day 3 of the Symposium 
 DocEng’23 Programme  
  Tuesday 22nd of August. Tutorials Day  
 Wednesday 23rd of August. Day 1  
 Thursday 24th of August. Day 2  
 Friday 25th of August. Final day.  
 Tutorials Overview  
 We are delighted to announce two very interesting and exciting tutorials that will be presented on the 22nd of August.  
 Looking Beneath the Surface: The Science and Applications of Eye-Gaze Tracking for Assessing Visual Attention  
  Duration:  3 hours (half-day)  
   Duration:  3 hours (half-day)  
  Speakers:  Dr Bonnici and Prof. Simske  
  Rationale:  Love it or hate it, the peer review process (whether open, blind, or even double-blind) has become the standard and accepted way of assessing the quality of papers before publication, be it for a conference, journal, or book. Indeed, forming the program committee is an essential part in any conference organisation and a good program committee may well be the differentiator from peer conferences. However, we have all been the recipients of a less than stellar/helpful review: from the snarky ones to the one-liners, these reviews can be demoralising and can give the peer-review process a bad reputation! The scope of this tutorial is then to encourage researchers to become more involved in the peer-review process by joining program committees and encourages good practices to collectively strengthen the quality of the peer-review process.  
 Download full tutorial 2 briefing   
 Social Events  
  We are happy to announce that on the evening of Wednesday the 23rd of August we will have the gala dinner and Irish Traditional music arranged in The Castletroy Park Hotel.  
 Thursday, the 24th of August afternoon we will invite you to go on a road trip on the amazing Atlantic Coast and experience part of the Wild Atlantic Way  !  
 The Cliffs of Moher, the most famous cliffs in Ireland, will leave you awestruck, creating memories that will stay with you forever.  
      The 23 rd  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering ( DocEng'23  )  
 August 22, 2023  to August 25, 2023   
 Limerick, Ireland     
 DocEng anti-harassment policy  and information on other applicable policies