 DOLAP: the International Workshop on Design, Optimization, Languages and Analytical Processing of Big Data  
 Research focus  
 Research in data warehousing and OLAP has produced important technologies for the design, management, and use of information systems for decision support. Nowadays, due to the advent of Big Data, Decision Support Systems (DSS) include a wider range of systems, in which novel solutions combine advanced data management and data analytics, (semi-)automating the data lifecycle (from ingestion to visualization). Yet, modern data analytics systems acknowledge the relevance of managing data in an efficient way (by means of data modeling and optimized data processing) to serve innovative data analysis bringing added value to organizations.  
 Data platforms of the future will consequently be significantly different than what the current state-of-the-practice supports. The trend is to move from current systems that are “data presenting” to more dynamic systems that allow the semi-automation of the decision making process (including both data management and data analysis tasks). This means that systems partially guide their users towards data discovery, management and system-aided decision making via intelligent techniques (beyond OLAP and exploiting artificial intelligence) and visualization. In the backstage, the advent of the big data era requires that new methods, models, techniques and architectures are developed to cope with the increasing demand in capacity, data type diversity, schema and data variability and responsiveness. And of course, this does not necessarily mean to re-invent the wheel, but rather, complementing the wealth of research in data management and anlytics with other approaches.  
 We envision DOLAP as a forum to discuss, foster and nurture novel ideas  around these new landscapes of decision support systems and data platoforms in the era of big data in order to produce new exciting results, within a strong, vibrant community around these areas.  
 The new logo  
 After 25 years of workshops, we have revamped the original logo  to represent the main themes that are driving the scope of DOLAP. While the cube is an obvious reference to the multidimensional data, here is the breakdown of the symbols on its sides.  
 OLAP  
 The star and snowflake schemas laid the foundation to multidimensional data modeling and implementation of data warehouses, i.e., the building block of any business intelligence and OLAP application, identifying the roots of DOLAP's scope   
 Big Data  
 If machine learning techniques have always been paired with OLAP analyses to support the decision-making process, the ground-breaking advancements in the field of artificial intelligence are further pushing the boundaries of what analytical applications can achieve   
 Data-driven decision-making is a research topic in continuous evolution, always encountering new challenges and opening to tremendous opportunities, inspiring research work that takes data analysis to an ever-higher level. The DOLAP workshop is the perfect venue for researchers to share their latest work in this area and join a strong and proactive data-enthusiast community.  
 © 2024  DOLAP