 Download Free PDF   
 Report on the Tenth ACM International Workshop on Data Warehousing and OLAP (DOLAP'07)  
  Il-Yeol Song    
 First Published in InfoDB Daman Consulting Designing a Data Warehouse A Hybrid of Concepts, Techniques and Methods  bill will    
 In my white paper Planning For A Data Warehouse, I covered the essential issues of the data warehouse planning process. 1 This time I move on to take a detailed look at the topic of warehouse design. In this discussion I focus on design issues often overlooked in implementing several of the warehouse services outlined in my previous article: • Acquisition – bringing data into the warehouse from the operational environment • Preparation – packaging the data for a variety of uses by a diverse set of information consumers • Navigation – assisting consumers in finding and using warehouse resources • Access – supporting direct interaction with data warehouse data by consumers using a variety of tools • Delivery – providing agent-driven collections and subscription information delivery to consumers Creating the Data Warehouse Data Model Moral: A good data warehouse model is a synthesis of diverse non-traditional factors. A data warehouse model must be comprehensive, current and dynamic, and provide a complete picture of the physical reality of the warehouse as it evolves. The data warehouse database schema should be generated and maintained directly from the model. The model not just a design aid, but an ongoing communication and management tool. Managing the dynamic nature of a data warehouse is one of the most daunting challenges. New feeds must be supported from new and existing sources. New configurations of data must be packaged with tools to meet continually changing needs. Under-utilized datasets must be retired or consolidated with others. Staying on top of these changes is easier when the model is religiously used to maintain the database structure. A good data warehouse model is a hybrid representing the diversity of different data containers 1 required to acquire, store, package, and deliver sharable data. To be useful, a warehouse data model must contain physical representations, such as summaries and derived data. The basic entities and attributes that will become core atomic tables are just the starting point for a data warehouse. A purely logical model contains none of the substance that defines the primary warehouse deliverables. These deliverables are the many aggregates, packages or collections of data produced to satisfy consumer access needs. The model must also include archive data and metadata as well as core data and collections. An archive is a managed, historical extension of the on-line warehouse tables (see " Operations: Implementing a True Archive " below). You must include the definition of the archive tables in the model to record the full context of available data. Metadata is best modeled side-by-side with the data itself and stored co-resident with the warehouse tables.  
 download  Download free PDF   View PDF  chevron_right     
  Loading Preview  
 Sorry, preview is currently unavailable. You can download the paper by clicking the button above.  
 Related papers  
