  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 20 Oct 
  Mon 21 Oct 
  Tue 22 Oct 
  Wed 23 Oct 
  Thu 24 Oct 
  Fri 25 Oct 
  Keynotes 
  AGERE 
  AI-SEPS 
  DSM 
  IC 
  LIVE 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  DSM | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IC | Organizing Committee 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  Workshop events 
  Call for Papers and Demonstrations 
  Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM) languages provide a viable and time-tested solution for continuing to raise the level of abstraction, and thus productivity, beyond coding, making systems and software development faster and easier.  
 In DSM, the models are constructed using concepts that represent things in the application domain, not concepts of a given programming language. The modeling language follows the domain abstractions and semantics, allowing developers to perceive them-selves as working directly with domain concepts. Together with frameworks and platforms, DSM can automate a large portion of software production.  
 ACM DL provides the proceedings of the workshop   
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Sun 20 Oct   
 Displayed time zone: Beirut  change      
 30m    
 Talk | Introduction   DSM 
 Industry talk | A mosaic of models as the driver for Domain-Specific Modeling in the Robotics Industry - Keynote by Anastasia Mavrommati, MathWorks   DSM 
 20m    
 Talk | Methodology to develop Domain Specific Modeling Languages   DSM 
 20m    
 Talk | A Constraint Modeling Framework for Domain-Specific Languages   DSM 
 20m    
 Talk | A Meta-Metamodel for Dynamic Constraint Feedback in Modeling Languages   DSM 
 20m    
 Talk | ModelFlow: Towards Reactive Model Management Workflows   DSM 
 20m    
 Talk | Mind the Gap: Lessons Learned from Translating Grammars between MontiCore and Xtext   DSM 
 20m    
 Talk | Experience Report on the Development of a Specialized Multi-Views Multi-Stakeholders Model-based Engineering Framework   DSM 
 20m    
 Demonstration | Mutation Testing for DSLs: Tool Demo   DSM 
 30m    
 Meeting | Group work topic selection   DSM 
 Meeting | Group work   DSM 
 30m    
 Talk | Group work reporting   DSM 
 Workshop events  
 Title 
 A Constraint Modeling Framework for Domain-Specific Languages  DSM 
 A Meta-Metamodel for Dynamic Constraint Feedback in Modeling Languages  DSM 
 A mosaic of models as the driver for Domain-Specific Modeling in the Robotics Industry - Keynote by Anastasia Mavrommati, MathWorks  DSM 
 Experience Report on the Development of a Specialized Multi-Views Multi-Stakeholders Model-based Engineering Framework  DSM 
 Group work  DSM 
 Group work reporting  DSM 
 Group work topic selection  DSM 
 Introduction  DSM 
 Methodology to develop Domain Specific Modeling Languages  DSM 
 Mind the Gap: Lessons Learned from Translating Grammars between MontiCore and Xtext  DSM 
 ModelFlow: Towards Reactive Model Management Workflows  DSM 
 Mutation Testing for DSLs: Tool Demo  DSM 
 Call for Papers and Demonstrations  
 The goals of the workshop are to collect and exchange experiences related to building and using DSMs; continue building and extending the DSM community; and address in focus groups the issues raised in the presented papers and at previous workshops  .  
 The 17th workshop on DSM welcomes submissions that address Domain-Specific Modeling on practical or theoretical levels. They can be research papers, experience reports, position papers or demonstration papers. Some of the issues that we would like to see addressed in this workshop are:  
 Industry/academic experience reports describing success/failure in implementing and using DSM languages/tools 
  Approaches to identify constructs for DSM languages 
  Novel features in language workbenches / tools to support DSM 
  Approaches to implement metamodel-based modeling languages 
  Metamodeling frameworks and languages 
  Modularization technologies for DSM languages and models 
  Novel approaches for code generation from domain-specific models 
  Issues of support/maintenance for systems built with DSM 
  Evolution of languages along with their domain 
  Organizational and process issues in DSM adoption and use 
  Format and Submission   
 Full papers: up to 10 pages, including references 
  Demo papers: up to 2 pages, excluding references 
  Submissions should use the ACM SIGPLAN Conference acmart Format with ‘sigplan’ Subformat  , 10 point font. All submissions should be in PDF format. If you use LaTeX or Word, please use the provided ACM SIGPLAN acmart Templates provided here  . Otherwise, follow the author instructions.  
 If you are formatting your paper using LaTeX, you will need to set the 10pt option in the \documentclass command. If you are formatting your paper using Word, you may wish to use the provided Word template that supports this font size. Please include page numbers in your submission with the LaTeX \settopmatter{printfolios=true} command. Please also ensure that your submission is legible when printed on a black and white printer. In particular, please check that colors remain distinct and font sizes are legible.  
 Accepted full papers will be published in ACM DL.  
  Workshop 
  Registration deadline 
  Camera Ready Due 
  Acceptance Notification 
  Extended Submission Deadline 
 Submission Link   
  DSM'19   
