| Home | | CFP | | Dates | | Submission | | Registration | | Venue | | Program | | Awards | | Downloads | | People | | Contact | | Sponsors 
 The DX Workshop 2023 (DX'23) is an event co-organized by PARC, a Xerox company and the Silicon Austria Labs (SAL). |  
 News:  
 September 3rd:  Please note our updates regarding the program details  , like the exact times, some info about the social program, about the DX'23 Best Paper Award  , and also about the DX'23 keynote given by Kai Goebel  ! Looking forward to welcoming you in a week at Redwood Glen!  
  August 27th:  Info for our presenters  : Each paper will be allotted 30 minutes (including Q&A); please prepare presentations between 20 and 25 minutes so that there is enough time for discussions.  
  August 27th:  About two weeks to go - we're looking forwar to meeting you and discuss the newest research in diagnosis and related topics!  
  August 15th:  Don't miss submitting to our DX'23 fast track  - we're still accepting submissions  until late August!  
  August 15th:  Congratulations to the authors of all accepted papers. Please do not forget to submit your camera-ready versions  - we re-opened submissions via EasyChair so that you can conveniently upload your latest updates.  
  July 17th:  Please note our info about how to reach our venue Redwood Glen  that is available from here  . Don't miss the registration deadline and book your DX'23 package  today (registration, meals, and accommodation from Monday afternoon to Thursday lunch time). Please check out the links above for more details.  
  July 7th: Exciting news: This year we will have a fast track for breaking new research and results.  For your latest breaking research (work in progress or also finalized contributions), you will be able to submit a corresponding paper until August 25th. Please follow the preparation instructions as advertized for regular submissions (and mark it as regular submission on the cover page)!  
  July 7th:  With the remaining reviews coming in  , we will send out the notification soon. We are looking forward to having a diverse set of excellent papers being presented in September at DX'23!  
  June 23rd:  Please note our updates on how to reach the DX'23 venue  .  
  June 20th:  Registration is now open  !  
  June 9th:  The final DX'23 deadline is approaching quickly. Please note our updated information about registration packages and pricing available from our registration subpage   . Registration will open soon.  
  June 3rd:  Upon several requests, we extended the submission deadline a final time to June 14th  So there is less than two weeks left for preparing your paper and PhD panel submissions!  
  May 14:  The submission deadline  has been extended to June 1st!  
  May 14:  Please note our style files that are available from here  for preparing your submission  !  
  April 23:  Don't forget to plan your DX'23 submission. Our EasyChair submission site is open - check our submission information   to find out how to submit your paper / PhD panel entry!  
  April 3:  All PhD students working on DX-related topics are encouraged to submit a description of their research/thesis of up to five pages to be considered for presentation at a special DX'23 PhD panel  . The accepted entries will be included in the proceedings in a special section!  
  March 25:  We're proud to announce that Oliver Niggemann from the Helmut Schmidt University in Germany will chair the DX'23 PhD panel!  
  March 22:  We're happy to announce some first info about DX'23 - stay tuned for upcoming updates!