Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility                   EACL 2023  Program 
  Calls 
  Code of Conduct 
 Call for | Main Conference Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Paper Submission Information 
  Contact Information 
  System Demonstrations 
  Volunteers 
 EACL 2023  
 Hybrid  
 The 17th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL 2023) invites the submission of long and short papers on substantial, original, and unpublished research on empirical methods for Natural Language Processing. As in recent years, some of the presentations at the conference will be for papers accepted by the Transactions of the ACL (TACL) and Computational Linguistics (CL) journals.  
 EACL 2023 will follow EMNLP 2022 and go with a hybrid  format with respect to ARR. This means that while EACL will accept ARR-reviewed papers  , it will also accept submissions directly to EACL through the START system  .  
 However, in order to keep the review load on the community as a whole manageable, we ask authors to decide up-front if they want their papers to be reviewed through ARR or EACL  .  
 Review Process:   
  Papers submitted directly to EACL will have the “regular” review process: paper reviewed by 3 reviewers, authors are invited to write an author response and revise their paper before the camera ready deadline, if accepted. ARR papers committed to EACL will be handled by the Senior Area Chairs. For these papers, the authors may provide an author response but not revise their paper (with the exception of adding the required “limitations” section, if it was missing from the ARR submission; see below).  
 Cross-Submission Policy with ARR:   
 Any ARR-reviewed paper that has received all of its reviews and meta-reviews available by the ARR-to-conference commitment deadline | (January 8, 2023) | , | can be committed to EACL 2023 | . | Note | : Submissions from ARR cannot be modified except that they can be associated with an author response. 
  Note | : EACL will consider any ARR paper that has been fully reviewed by | January 8, 2023 | . We have been informed by ARR Editors in Chief that all papers submitted to ARR for the October 15, 2022 deadline will be guaranteed to receive necessary reviews in time for the EACL commitment deadline. 
  Note | : The START system deadline for direct submission papers, namely non-ARR submission papers, is | October 20, 2022 | . 
  Papers submitted to ARR before | October 13, 2022 | , | can be withdrawn and submitted to EACL 2023 | . | Note | : In order for a paper to be submitted directly to EACL 2023, it must be inactive in the ARR system. This means that the submission must either be explicitly withdrawn by the authors, or the ARR reviews are finished and shared with the authors before | October 13, 2022 | , and the paper was not re-submitted to ARR. 
  Note | : The authors can | withdraw | their papers from ARR by | October 13, 2022 | , regardless of how many reviews it has received. 
  Papers that are in the ARR system after | October 13, 2022 | , either submitted after or submitted before and not withdrawn, | cannot be directly submitted to EACL 2023 | . 
  Papers submitted to EACL 2023 | may not be submitted for review elsewhere | (including ARR) while being under review at EACL 2023. 
  Cross-submission policy with ACL 2023:   
 As the EACL 2023 notification deadline and ACL 2023 submission deadline are unfortunately on the same day, you may submit your paper to ACL 2023 while it is still under review at EACL 2023. 
  Note | : Should your paper be accepted to EACL, you still wish to publish it there and have cross-submitted to ACL, you must notify ACL of withdrawal no later than January 31, 2023. 
  Note | : Conversely, the deadline for notifying us of withdrawal of your manuscript is January 27, 2023. 
  Important Dates  
 Abstract registration deadline for START direct submissions | Thursday | 13 October 2022 
 Anonymity period begins | Thursday | 13 October 2022 
 Direct paper submission deadline  
  ( long & short papers  ) | Thursday | 20 October 2022 
 Author response period | Tuesday–Monday | 6–12 December 2022 
 Commitment deadline for ARR papers | Sunday | 8 January 2023 
 Notification of acceptance  
  ( long & short papers  ) | Friday | 20 January 2023 
 Withdrawal deadline  
  ( long & short papers  ) | Friday | 27 January 2023 
 Camera-ready papers due  
  ( long & short papers  ) | Friday | 10 February 2023 
 Workshops & Tutorials | Friday and Saturday | 5 and 6 May 2023 
 Main Conference | Tuesday – Thursday | 2–4 May 2023 
 Paper Submission Information  
 Mandatory Abstract Submission  
 For direct paper submissions, the paper title, author names, contact details, and a brief abstract must be submitted electronically through the EACL 2023 paper submission site by the abstract submission deadline (October 13, 2022)  . It will be possible to make minor edits to the title and abstract until the full paper submission deadline, but you cannot change authors and subject areas. Submissions with “placeholder” abstracts will be removed without consideration; Important  : if you miss the abstract submission deadline, then you cannot submit the full paper. Note  : if you are planning to commit a fully reviewed ARR paper to EACL 2023 by January 9, 2023, you do not have to pre-register an abstract on Softconf by January 9, 2023.  
 Topics of Interest  
 EACL 2023 has the goal of a broad technical program. Relevant topics for the conference include, but are not limited to, the following areas (in alphabetical order):  
 Anaphora, Discourse and Pragmatics 
  Computational Social Science and Social Media 
  Tagging, Chunking, Syntax, and Parsing 
  Long Papers  
 Long paper submissions must describe substantial, original, completed and unpublished work. Wherever appropriate, concrete evaluation and analysis should be included. Review forms will be made available prior to the deadlines. Long papers may consist of up to 8 pages of content, plus unlimited pages for references and appendix; final versions of long papers will be given one additional page of content (up to 9 pages) so that reviewers’ comments can be taken into account.  
 Short Papers  
 Short paper submissions must describe original and unpublished work. Please note that a short paper is not a shortened long paper. Instead short papers should have a point that can be made in a few pages.  
 Short papers may consist of up to 4 pages of content, plus unlimited references and appendix. Upon acceptance, short papers will be given 5 content pages in the proceedings. Authors are encouraged to use this additional page to address reviewers’ comments in their final versions.  
 Presentation Mode  
 Long and short papers will be presented orally or as posters as determined by the program committee. The decisions as to which papers will be presented orally and which as poster presentations will be based on the nature rather than the quality of the work. While short papers will be distinguished from long papers in the proceedings, there will be no distinction in the proceedings between papers presented orally and as posters.  
 Authorship  
 The author list for submissions should include all (and only) individuals who made substantial contributions to the work presented. Each author listed on a submission to EACL 2023 will be notified of submissions, revisions and the final decision. No changes to the order or composition of authorship may be made to submissions to EACL 2023 after the abstract submission deadline.  
 Citation and Comparison  
 You are expected to cite all refereed publications relevant to your submission, but you may be excused for not knowing about all unpublished work (especially work that has been recently posted and/or is not widely cited). While not citing such unpublished works upon submission is not sufficient grounds for paper rejection, you are expected to cite such relevant work in camera ready, if notified about it by reviewers.  
 In cases where a preprint has been superseded by a refereed publication, the refereed publication should be cited instead of the preprint version. Papers (whether refereed or not) appearing less than 3 months before the submission deadline are considered contemporaneous to your submission, and you are therefore not obliged to make detailed comparisons that require additional experimentation and/or in-depth analysis. However, you are expected to mention such works in your submission, and list their published results if they are directly relevant.  
 For more information, see the ACL Policies for Submission, Review, and Citation   
 Multiple Submission Policy  
 EACL 2023 will not consider any paper that is under review in a journal or another conference at the time of submission, and submitted papers must not be submitted elsewhere during the EACL 2023 review period. This policy covers all refereed and archival conferences and workshops (e.g., NeurIPS, ACL workshops), as well as ARR. An exception to this policy is ACL 2023 – since the EACL 2023 notification deadline and ACL 2023 submission deadline is on the same day, you may submit your paper to ACL 2023 while it is still under review at EACL 2023. Note that, if you no longer wish to publish your paper at EACL, you have until the withdrawal deadline, January 27, 2023  , to withdraw your paper.  
 In addition, we will not consider any paper that overlaps significantly in content or results with papers that will be (or have been) published elsewhere. Authors submitting more than one paper to EACL 2023 must ensure that their submissions do not overlap significantly (>25%) with each other in content or results.  
 EACL 2023 will also accept submissions of ARR-reviewed papers, provided that the ARR reviews and meta-reviews are available by the ARR-to-conference submission deadline. However, EACL 2023 will not accept direct submissions that are actively under review in ARR, or that overlap significantly (>25%) with such submissions.  
 Mandatory Discussion of Limitations  
 We believe that it is also important to discuss the limitations of your work, in addition to its strengths. Following the EMNLP format, EACL 2023 requires all papers to have a clear discussion of limitations, in a dedicated section titled “Limitations”  . This section will appear at the end of the paper, after the discussion/conclusions section and before the references, and will not count towards the page limit. Papers without a limitation section will be automatically rejected without review.   
 ARR-reviewed papers that did not include “Limitations” section in their prior submission, should submit a PDF with such a section together when they commit their papers to EACL 2023 via Softconf.  
 While we are open to different types of limitations, just mentioning that a set of results have been shown for English only probably does not reflect what we expect. Mentioning that the method works mostly for languages with limited morphology, like English, is a much better alternative. In addition, limitations such as low scalability to long text, the requirement of large GPU resources, or other things that inspire crucial further investigation are welcome.  
 Ethics Policy  
 Authors are required to honor the ethical code set out in the ACL Code of Ethics  . The consideration of the ethical impact of our research, use of data, and potential applications of our work has always been an important consideration, and as artificial intelligence is becoming more mainstream, these issues are increasingly pertinent. We ask that all authors read the code, and ensure that their work is conformant to this code. Where a paper may raise ethical issues, we ask that you include in the paper an explicit discussion of these issues, which will be taken into account in the review process. We reserve the right to reject papers on ethical grounds, where the authors are judged to have operated counter to the code of ethics, or have inadequately addressed legitimate ethical concerns with their work.  
 Authors will be allowed extra space after the 8th page (4th for short papers) for an optional broader impact statement or other discussion of ethics. The EACL review form will include a section addressing these issues and papers flagged for ethical concerns by reviewers or ACs will be further reviewed by an ethics committee. Note that an ethical considerations section is not required, but papers working with sensitive data or on sensitive tasks that do not discuss these issues will not be accepted. Conversely, the mere inclusion of an ethical considerations section does not guarantee acceptance. In addition to acceptance or rejection, papers may receive a conditional acceptance recommendation. Camera-ready versions of papers designated as conditional accept will be re-reviewed by the ethics committee to determine whether the concerns have been adequately addressed. Please read the ethics FAQ  for more guidance on some problems to look out for and key concerns to consider relative to the code of ethics.  
 Paper Submission and Templates  
 Submission is electronic, using the Softconf START conference management system ( link  ). Both long and short papers must follow the EACL 2023 two-column format, using the supplied official style files. The templates can be downloaded in Style Files and Formatting  . Please do not modify these style files, nor should you use templates designed for other conferences. Submissions that do not conform to the required styles, including paper size, margin width, and font size restrictions, will be rejected without review.   
 Verification  
 Optional Supplementary Materials: Appendices, Software, Data, Previous Submission  
 Each EACL 2023 submission can be accompanied by an appendix, which will appear in the main paper’s PDF, after the bibliography. A submission may also be accompanied by one .tgz or .zip archive containing software, and one .tgz or .zip archive containing data. EACL 2023 encourages the submission of these supplementary materials to improve the reproducibility of results, and to enable authors to provide additional information that does not fit in the paper. For example, anonymised related work (see above), preprocessing decisions, model parameters, feature templates, lengthy proofs or derivations, pseudo-code, sample system inputs/outputs, and other details that are necessary for the exact replication of the work described in the paper can be put into the appendix. However, the paper submissions need to remain fully self-contained, as these supplementary materials are completely optional, and reviewers are not even asked to review or download them. If the pseudo-code or derivations or model specifications are an important part of the contribution, or if they are important for the reviewers to assess the technical correctness of the work, they should be a part of the main paper, and not appear in the appendix. Supplementary materials need to be fully anonymized to preserve the double-blind reviewing policy.  
 Lastly, you are invited to upload the previous version of the paper, its reviews, and your author response, justifying how your updated paper has addressed the pertinent issues identified in the reviews.  
 Anonymity Period  
 The following rules and guidelines are meant to protect the integrity of double-blind review and ensure that submissions are reviewed fairly. The rules make reference to the anonymity period, which runs from 1 week before the direct full paper submission deadline (starting October 13, 2022  ) up to the date when your paper is accepted or rejected (January 20, 2023)  . Papers that are withdrawn during this period will no longer be subject to these rules.  
 You | may not | make a non-anonymized version of your paper available online to the general community (for example, via a preprint server) during the anonymity period. Versions of the paper include papers having essentially the same scientific content but possibly differing in minor details (including title and structure) and/or in length. 
  If you have posted a non-anonymized version of your paper online before the start of the anonymity period, you may submit an anonymized version to the conference. The submitted version must not refer to the non-anonymized version, and you must inform the programme chairs that a non-anonymized version exists. 
  You may not update the non-anonymized version during the anonymity period, and we ask you not to advertise it on social media or take other actions that would further compromise double-blind reviewing during the anonymity period. 
  You may make an anonymized version of your paper available (for example, on OpenReview), even during the anonymity period. 
  Instructions For Double-Blind Review  
 For all reported experimental results:  
 A clear description of the mathematical setting, algorithm, and/or model. 
  Submission of a zip file containing source code, with specification of all dependencies, including external libraries, or a link to such resources (while still anonymized) 
  Description of computing infrastructure used 
  The average runtime for each model or algorithm (e.g., training, inference, etc.), or estimated energy cost 
 Presentation Requirements  
 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference—either on-line or in-person—in order to appear in the proceedings. Authors of papers accepted for presentation at EACL 2023 must notify the program chairs by the camera-ready deadline if they wish to withdraw the paper.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper must register for EACL 2023 by the early registration deadline.  
 Contact Information  
 More information can be found in the Committee blog. If you have questions that are not answered there, please email the program co-chairs at eacl2023pcs@googlegroups.com.  
  Feed 
 © 2023 EACL  . Powered by Jekyll  & Minimal Mistakes  .