   Vitenskapelig antologi/Konferanseserie    
   2023    
 EASE '23: Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Evaluation and Assessment in Software Engineering    
 Muhammad Ali Babar 
  Vitenskapelig antologi/Konferanseserie   
  Publiseringsår: 2023   
 Tittel  
  EASE '23: Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Evaluation and Assessment in Software Engineering   
 Sammendrag  
 The use of social robots in public spaces is becoming increasingly popular due to their ability to provide personalized services to users. However, the convergence of different technologies and software applications has raised concerns regarding security requirements, standards, and regulations. Specifically, there are significant concerns about the evolving threat landscape for software applications in public settings, where social robots interact without supervision and are in direct contact with threat actors. During the development of social robots software, developers and practitioners need practical tools to continuously assess their products’ security profiles. This paper presents a preventive approach to the dynamic evolving security landscape of Social Robots in Public Spaces (SRPS) using design science research (DSR) methodology to develop a security framework. The study investigates security threats, vulnerabilities, and risks associated with SRPS software development and analyzes existing related frameworks to design a security framework for SRPS software developers. The research aims to provide insights into the security aspects of SRPS software application development processes and contribute to developing effective security frameworks to mitigate evolving risks and ensure secure operation and acceptance in public spaces.   
 Vis  fullstendig beskrivelse    
 Towards a User-centred Security Framework for Social Robots in Public Spaces.    
 Oruma, Samson Ogheneovo. 2023, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). HIØ  Vitenskapelig Kapittel/Artikkel/Konferanseartikkel     
 Improving the Reporting of Threats to Construct Validity.    
 Sjøberg, Dag; Bergersen, Gunnar Rye. 2023, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). UIO  Vitenskapelig Kapittel/Artikkel/Konferanseartikkel     
 Feedback as a process in a large semi-capstone software engineering course.    
 Mikalsen, Marius; Dingsøyr, Torgeir. 2023, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). NTNU  Vitenskapelig Kapittel/Artikkel/Konferanseartikkel    
 Perceived Trust in Blockchain Systems: An Interview-based Survey.    
 Liu, Huikun; Wang, Yanze; Jiang, Zhaowei; He, Zhang; Li, Jingyue; Eilerås, Sigurd; Busterud, Håkon Pelsholen. 2023, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). NU, NTNU  Vitenskapelig Kapittel/Artikkel/Konferanseartikkel     
 A Systematic Literature Review on Client Selection in Federated Learning.    
 Smestad, Carl; Li, Jingyue. 2023, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). NTNU  Vitenskapelig Kapittel/Artikkel/Konferanseartikkel     
 1  - 5  av 5    
