ECMFA 2023   Thu 20 - Fri 21 July 2023 Leicester, United Kingdom    
 co-located with STAF 2023    
 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: College Court, Leicester, UK 
  STAF 2023 
  Cultural Activities 
  Instructions for Presenters, Participants, and Chairs 
  Registration 
  Social Events 
  Program | ECMFA Program 
  Your Program 
   Thu 20 Jul 
  Fri 21 Jul 
  Tracks | ECMFA 2023 
  Technical Track 
  STAF 2023 
  Keynotes 
  Organization | ECMFA 2023 Committees 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Series | Series 
  ECMFA 2024 
  ECMFA 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
  STAF 2023  ( series  ) /   ECMFA 2023  ( series  ) /  ECMFA Technical Track  
 About 
  Accepted Papers 
  Call for Papers 
  The 19th European Conference on Modelling Foundations and Applications (ECMFA) is dedicated to advancing the state of knowledge and fostering the application of Model-Based Engineering (MBE) and related approaches. Its focus is on engaging the key figures of research and industry in a dialog which will result in stronger and more effective practical application of MBE, hence producing more reliable software based on state-of-the-art research results.  
 In the technical track, we invite high quality submissions of technical research papers describing original and unpublished results related to MBE.  
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Tue 18 Jul   
 Displayed time zone: London  change      
 Kim Larsen  Aalborg University 
 Wed 19 Jul   
 Displayed time zone: London  change      
  Pre-print 
 Thu 20 Jul   
 Displayed time zone: London  change      
 15m    
 Day opening | ECMFA Conference Opening   Technical Track   
 P:  Jesús Sánchez Cuadrado  Universidad de Murcia  , Steffen Zschaler  King's College London 
 30m    
 Talk | Protocol-Based Interactive Debugging for Domain-Specific Languages Nominated for Best Paper      Technical Track   
  DOI 
 30m    
 Talk | Streamlining the Development of Hybrid Graphical-Textual Model Editors for Domain-Specific Languages Nominated for Best Paper      Technical Track   
 P:  Ionut Predoaia  University of York  , Dimitris Kolovos  University of York  , Matthias Lenk  NetApp  , Antonio Garcia-Dominguez  University of York    
  DOI 
 30m    
 Talk | Evaluating Model Differencing for the Consistency Preservation of State-based Views ECMFA Best Paper      Technical Track   
 Jan Willem Wittler  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology  , P:  Timur Sağlam  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT)  , Thomas Kühn  Martin-Luther-University Halle-Wittenberg    
  Link to publication   DOI   Media Attached   File Attached 
 Fri 21 Jul   
 Displayed time zone: London  change      
 P:  Ryan Languay  , Nika Prairie  , Jörg Kienzle    
  DOI   File Attached 
 Evaluating Model Differencing for the Consistency Preservation of State-based Views ECMFA Best Paper     Technical Track   
 Jan Willem Wittler  , P:  Timur Sağlam  , Thomas Kühn    
  Link to publication   DOI   Media Attached   File Attached 
 Jan Oliver Ringert  , Bernhard Rumpe  , P:  Max Stachon    
  DOI   File Attached 
 Protocol-Based Interactive Debugging for Domain-Specific Languages Nominated for Best Paper     Technical Track   
 P:  Josselin Enet  , Erwan Bousse  , Massimo Tisi  , Gerson Sunyé    
  DOI 
 P:  Tiago Amorim  , Alexander Boll  , Ferry Bachmann  , Timo Kehrer  , Andreas Vogelsang  , Hartmut Pohlheim    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Streamlining the Development of Hybrid Graphical-Textual Model Editors for Domain-Specific Languages Nominated for Best Paper     Technical Track   
 P:  Ionut Predoaia  , Dimitris Kolovos  , Matthias Lenk  , Antonio Garcia-Dominguez    
  DOI 
 We are soliciting papers presenting original research on all aspects of model-based engineering. Two types of submissions are possible:  
 Foundation Papers, dealing with modeling foundations, such as metamodeling, model transformations, model validation, verification and testing, model engineering methods and tools, and related aspects. 
  Application Papers, dealing with the application of modeling techniques, including experience reports on the use of MBE methods and tools, industrial case studies, or successful applications of MBE practices in industry or in public administration, with significant modeling lessons learned. All applications must have been done in real contexts and at least one of the authors of the paper must be from the company or administration where the application took place. 
  Submission process   
 Submissions must conform to the JOT LaTeX template  and must not exceed 14 pages (including figures, references, and appendices). Failure to conform to these guidelines may result in disqualification of the paper. No simultaneous submission to other publication outlets (either a conference or a journal) is allowed; any concurrent submission will be deemed as a serious breach of scientific ethics, resulting in the immediate rejection of the paper and appropriate action will be taken.  
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed by at least three members of the Program Committee.  
 All papers have to be submitted electronically in PDF format through Easychair  .  
  Tools and initiatives for the successful adoption of MBE in industry. 
  Review criteria and process   
 All papers will be assessed by the program committee in terms of their novelty, significance, technical quality, rigor, and suitability for the conference.  
 Contributions can be submitted to any of the two submission periods. In both rounds, the each submitted paper can be recommended by the Program Committee to be accepted-as-is, accepted with minor revisions, undergo major revisions or rejected.  
 Papers accepted at any of the two rounds with major or minor revisions will be given a specified period of time to perform the revisions and re-submit. The same reviewers will assess how well the revision requests have been addressed by the authors, and whether the final paper maintains or improves the level of contribution of the original submission. Revisions that significantly lessen the contribution of the work or that fail to adequately address the reviewers’ original concerns will result in the paper’s rejection. Papers not accepted but with a sufficient level of quality may be encouraged to be re-submitted next year, or alternatively as regular JOT articles, hence continuing their review process through the normal journal channels.  
 Papers will be published in the JOT journal as soon as they are accepted and one of their authors registers at the conference.  
 Artifacts   
 Artifacts are recommended, but not required, for the initial submission. Depending on the papers, reviewers may take the existence of artifacts as a positive signal about the work. Also depending on the papers, artifacts may be required as a condition for publication.  
 Publication   
 All accepted papers will be published as platinum open-access journal publication in JOT. At least one author for each accepted paper must register before the early registration deadline and present the paper during the conference. Failure to do so will result in the paper being withdrawn from the proceedings.  
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Thu 20 - Fri 21 Jul 2023   
  ECMFA Conference 
 Mon 5 Jun 2023  
  Author Notification (Round 2 - Final) 
 Fri 12 May 2023  
  Submission of Revisions (Round 2) 
 Mon 10 Apr 2023  
  Author Notification (Round 2) 
 Tue 28 Feb 2023  
  Submission of Revisions (Round 1) 
 Fri 24 Feb 2023  
  Submission Deadline (Round 2) 
 Fri 20 Jan 2023  
  Author Notification (Round 1) 
 Fri 2 Dec 2022   
  Submission Deadline (Round 1) 
 Submission Link   
  ECMFA 2023   
   Support page    
 Technical Track   
  STAF 2023  
 Keynotes    
