   The 21 st  European Conference on Computer-Supported Cooperative Work  
 June 5 th  –9 th  , 2023  
  Trondheim, Norway  
 Thanks for your participation at ECSCW 2023!  
 See you next year at ECSCW 2024 in Rimini, Italy   
 ECSCW is a single-track  conference that contributes to developing an interdisciplinary and global community, supported by EUSSET, the European Society for Socially Embedded Technologies  . The conference format facilitates critical discussion across disciplinary and national borders in the field. An overview of earlier ECSCW conferences (and proceedings) is available here  .  
 The conference will be hosted by the Department of Computer Science  , within the Faculty of Information Technology and Electrical Engineering of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology  .  
 Latest ECSCW Tweets ecscw    
  Recent Posts  
    Workshop 3: Collectively Improve the Quality of Life at Work: How and Which Data to Collect and Analyze?    
 April 28, 2023  If you are interested in how data could be collected, analyzed, and discussed to improve the quality of life at work: which data? Which methods for its collection and its analysis? Under which conditions? You should submit a short position paper to this workshop by May 2nd, 2023. The workshop will be organized by Claus Bossen, … Workshop 3: Collectively Improve the Quality of Life at Work: How and Which Data to Collect and Analyze? Read More »  [...]    Read more...    
    Workshop 4: The digital public encounter    
 April 28, 2023  Tuesday, June 6th, Michaela Schmidt (NTNU), Babak A. Farshchian (NTNU), and Sara Hofmann (University of Agder) will organize a workshop on the interaction between citizens and public officials at a time when face-to-face interaction is being replaced by digital platforms, chat-bots, and self-service. Send your position paper by May 1st if you are a … Workshop 4: The digital public encounter Read More »  [...]    Read more...    
    Workshop 2: Spatial tensions in CSCW: The political and ethical challenges of scale    
 April 25, 2023  On Tuesday, June 6th, Airi Lampinen, Chiara Rossitto, Roel Roscam Abbing, Ann Light, Anton Fedosov, and Luigina Ciolfi will organize a full-day workshop on the political and ethical challenges of scale. The workshop is designed for up to 20 participants. If you are interested in participating, submit a short position paper by May 5th, … Workshop 2: Spatial tensions in CSCW: The political and ethical challenges of scale Read More »  [...]    Read more...    
    Workshop 5: From empathy to gamification: Inspecting motivational and sensitive methods for participation of co-researchers in healthcare    
 April 24, 2023  On Monday, June 5th, Tim Weiler (University of Siegen), Liliana Savage Pinto (University of Siegen), David Struzek (University of Siegen), Holger Klapperich (University of Applied Sciences Düsseldorf), Alina Huldtgren (University of Applied Sciences Düsseldorf) and Claudia Müller (University of Siegen) will organize a workshop on the topic of appropriate methods for increasing participants’ motivation with preserving … Workshop 5: From empathy to gamification: Inspecting motivational and sensitive methods for participation of co-researchers in healthcare Read More »  [...]    Read more...    
    Workshop 1: Implementing Electronic Health Records – Cases, Concepts, Questions    
 April 19, 2023  On Tuesday, June 6th, Morten Hertzum (Roskilde University), Rebecca Randell (University of Bradford), Gunnar Ellingsen (UiT Arctic University of Norway), and Miria Grisot (University of Oslo) will organize a half-day workshop on implementing EHRs. If you are interested in participating in the workshop, submit your position paper by April 28th, 2023. For more information … Workshop 1: Implementing Electronic Health Records – Cases, Concepts, Questions Read More »  [...]    Read more...    
    Become a student volunteer!    
 March 28, 2023  You can now apply to become a student volunteer! As an SV, you have the opportunity to attend the conference while having unique access to the backstage view of how the conference is run. In addition, you will receive free access to all the conference sessions, reception and conference dinner, a kick-off dinner during the … Become a student volunteer! Read More »  [...]    Read more...    
    Registration is open    
    You can still participate in ECSCW 2023    
 March 17, 2023  Although some deadlines have passed there are still several opportunities to get involved in ECSCW 20223 and share your late-breaking research, preliminary findings, innovative ideas, and early research and design explorations with conference participants. You can still participate in this year’s conference through three different tracks: 1. Posters & Demos It is still possible to … You can still participate in ECSCW 2023 Read More »  [...]    Read more...    
    Exploratory paper or Note?    
 February 27, 2023  One of the most frequent questions we receive is related to these two types of contributions. Here is a summary of the difference between the two.  [...]    Read more...    
    Deadline extension    
 February 17, 2023  Due to several requests we are extending all submission deadlines that were due April 20 with two weeks. The new deadline is Monday March 6, 2023. The web pages will be updated to reflect this. Please note that the acceptance cutoff date for journal papers is not changed.  [...]    Read more...    
    ECSCW gem nr.4    
    5 Questions With Monica Divitini    
 February 16, 2023  Who are the people behind ECSCW 2023? In this series of blogs, we ask our organizing committee some really personal questions. In this post, we talk to Monica who is one of the journal papers chairs of the conference.  [...]    Read more...    
    ECSCW gem nr.3    
    Myriam Lewkowicz and Casandra Grundstrom on the roots of CSCW    
 February 1, 2023  Listen to Casandra Grundstrom and Myriam Lewkowicz delve into the historical roots of CSCW.  [...]    Read more...    
    5 Questions With Elena Parmiggiani    
 January 30, 2023  Who are the people behind ECSCW 2023? In this series of blogs, we ask our organizing committee some really personal questions. In this post, we talk to Elena who is one of the general chairs of the conference.  [...]    Read more...    
    ECSCW gem nr.2    
 January 23, 2023  This week’s gem is the paper “PolyLens: A recommender system for groups of user” by O’Connor et al. PolyLens is a “collaborative filtering recommender system designed to recommend items for groups of users, rather than for individuals.”  [...]    Read more...    
    5 Questions With Babak A. Farshchian    
 January 23, 2023  Who are the people behind ECSCW 2023? In this series of blogs, we ask our organizing committee some really personal questions. In this post, we talk to Babak who is one of the general chairs of the conference.  [...]    Read more...    
    Submission pages are open    
 January 18, 2023  You can now submit your contributions to the different areas of our program. Please choose the type of contribution you plan to submit from the Submissions menu above and follow the link to the submission system. We use EasyChair as submission system for most of submission types.  [...]    Read more...    
    ECSCW gem nr.1    
 January 6, 2023  Did you know that some of the seminal work in CSCW, and some of the most well-known papers in practice-centered computer, were initially presented at ECSCW conferences?  [...]    Read more...    
    Seasonal greetings    
 December 22, 2022  As we step into Christmas and winter break for many of us around the world we wanted to send our best wishes to all of you and your families and friends.  [...]    Read more...    
 Copyright © EUSSET ECSCW 2023 •  Impress