 Record Type:  Non-Journal   
 Publication Date:  2023   
 Abstractor:  ERIC   
 EISSN:  N/A   
 Proceedings of the International Conference on Educational Data Mining (EDM) (16th, Bengaluru, India, July 11-14, 2023)   
 Feng, Mingyu, Ed.; Käser, Tanja, Ed.; Talukdar, Partha, Ed.   
 International Educational Data Mining Society    
 The Indian Institute of Science is proud to host the fully in-person sixteenth iteration of the International Conference on Educational Data Mining (EDM) during July 11-14, 2023. EDM is the annual flagship conference of the International Educational Data Mining Society. The theme of this year's conference is "Educational data mining for amplifying human potential." Not all students or seekers of knowledge receive the education necessary to help them realize their full potential, be it due to a lack of resources or lack of access to high quality teaching. The dearth in high-quality educational content, teaching aids, and methodologies, and non-availability of objective feedback on how they could become better teachers, deprive our teachers from achieving their full potential. The administrators and policy makers lack tools for making optimal decisions such as optimal class sizes, class composition, and course sequencing. All these handicap the nations, particularly the economically emergent ones, who recognize the centrality of education for their growth. EDM-2023 has striven to focus on concepts, principles, and techniques mined from educational data for amplifying the potential of all the stakeholders in the education system. The spotlights of EDM-2023 include: (1) Five keynote talks by outstanding researchers of eminence; (2) A plenary Test of Time award talk and a Banquet talk; (3) Five tutorials (foundational as well as advanced); (4) Four thought provoking panels on contemporary themes; (5) Peer reviewed technical paper and poster presentations; (6) Doctoral students consortium; and (7) An enchanting cultural programme. [Individual papers are indexed in ERIC.]   
 Descriptors: Information Retrieval  , Data Analysis  , Computer Assisted Testing  , Cheating  , Automation  , Online Searching  , Programming  , Intelligent Tutoring Systems  , Resources  , Semantics  , Computer Mediated Communication  , Group Discussion  , Performance  , Prediction  , Models  , Algorithms  , Scoring  , Demography  , Mathematics  , Problem Solving  , Vocabulary  , Feedback (Response)  , MOOCs  , Enrollment  , Peer Influence  , Writing (Composition)  , Cooperation  , Reading Skills  , Computer Software  , Attention  , Learning Strategies  , Reaction Time  , Educational Technology  , Negative Attitudes  , Knowledge Level  , Online Courses  , Health Sciences  , Self Evaluation (Individuals)  , College Students  , Student Behavior  , Markov Processes  , Reinforcement  , Syntax  , Error Patterns  , Mathematics Tests  , English Language Learners  , Informal Education  , Artificial Intelligence  , Social Media  , Revision (Written Composition)  , Turkish  , Student Motivation  , Grades (Scholastic)  , Persuasive Discourse  , Peer Evaluation  , Secondary Education  , Test Items  , Classroom Communication  , Chinese  , Reading Strategies  , Puzzles  , Learning Processes  , Computer Simulation  , Teamwork  , Robotics  , Metacognition  , Cooperative Learning  , Interaction  , Critical Thinking  , Psychological Testing  , Logical Thinking  , Encyclopedias  , Collaborative Writing    
