ICAT-EGVE 2023  
 6-8 December, Dublin, Ireland  
 HOME  | SUBMISSIONS  Call for Papers  Call for Posters/Demos  Presentation Format    
  Call for Papers  
 Please note that the submisison deadline has now passed and this page is only here for historical reasons. Please have a look at our programme  and consider attending  our conference.   
 Organization  
 Submissions  
 We invite the submission of Papers, Posters and Demonstrations describing novel research ideas, work in progress, recently completed work, preliminary results, or unusual systems and applications. ICAT-EGVE 2023 seeks inspiring submissions describing research, applications or systems in all areas of Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Mixed Reality, Telexistence, and 3D User Interfaces, e.g., the following non-exhaustive list of more specific areas:  
 3D interaction for VR/AR/MR 
  VR/AR/MR systems and toolkits 
  Submissions in other related areas are welcome too.  
 Submission Guidelines: Papers  
 The following are the guidelines for the submission of full and short papers:  
 Full papers must not exceed eight (8) pages in length (excluding references). 
  Short papers must not exceed four (4) pages in length (excluding references). 
  Both full and short papers must be in English and should be formatted using the 
  ICAT-EGVE uses a double-blind review process. Therefore, submissions should not contain information (including citations and optional videos) that unnecessarily identifies the authors or their institutions or places of work. All papers must be submitted electronically as PDF. Authors are encouraged to submit videos to aid the program committee in the review of their submissions. 
  Submissions should be original, unpublished work, and should not be in submission to other venues concurrently. Any dual submission will be rejected outright without review. 
 Submission of Posters and Demos  
 Please note there is a separate submisison portal for our Posters and Demos programme, for which we are now also accepting submissions. For details, please see the Call for Posters and Demos  .  
 Review and Publication  
 All accepted Papers/Posters/Demos will be published in the Eurographics Digital Library and presented interactively at the conference. 
  Papers/Posters/Demos will be selected by the responsible chairs for presentation at the conference. Upon acceptance, the camera-ready version of the submission will be included in the electronic proceedings, provided that potential comments from the reviewers are appropriately addressed. 
 Program Chairs  
  Contact Details:  chairs-icategve2023@eg.org     
 Important Dates (All times: AoE)  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | 18 August | 15 September, 2023 
  Paper Submission Notification: 21 October, 2023 
  Poster / Demo Submission Deadline: 6 October, 2023 
  Poster / Demo Submission Notification: 28 October, 2023 
  Camera Ready Deadline: 3 November, 2023 (TBC) 
  Conference: 6-8 December, 2023 
 Copyright © 2023. ICAT-EGVE 2023 Organizing Committee