 International Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases (EJC)*  
 Conference Page  Read On!   Favorite     
 KMers, Contribute!!!   
   Call for Participation: Peace!   
 Posted: February 28, 2022   
 “Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts; differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge; and through humane ways.” – Dalai Lama XIV  
 6 comments    
 International Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases (EJC)*  
 Monthly Featured   
 The International Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases (EJC)  , formerly the European-Japanese Conference/Seminar on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases, the Joint Scandinavian Japanese Seminar on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases, and initially the Scandinavian Research Seminar on Information Modelling and Database Management, brings together experts from different areas of computer science and other disciplines, who have a common interest in understanding and solving problems on information modelling and knowledge bases, as well as applying the results of research to practice. It further recognizes and studies new areas on modelling and knowledge bases to which more attention should be paid. Therefore philosophy and logic, cognitive science, knowledge management, linguistics and management science are relevant areas, too.  
 The papers presented in the conference are published in the Series of “Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence” by IOS Press (Amsterdam). The books “Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases Vol. n” are edited by the Editing Committee of the conference.  
 Conference History:  
  Knowledge and information modelling and discovery: Knowledge discovery, knowledge representation and knowledge management; Advanced data mining and analysis methods; Conceptions of knowledge and information; Modelling information requirements; Intelligent information systems; Information recognition and information modelling  
 Co-located Events:  
  11th Summer School & Panel Discussion Workshop, Jun 9  
  Spatio-Knowledge Modelling  
 Co-located Events:  
  Asia-Europe Summer School & Panel Discussion Workshop of the AI Consortium & 5D World Map System, Jun 10  
  An Exploratory Research on the Expression of Knowledge and Its Generation Process based on the Concept of “Dark-matter”  
  BigRobot Mk.2 Emulation of Embodied Knowledge of a Walking Giant  
 Co-located Events: (May 30, online)  
  EJC Summerschool: AI Consortium & 5D World Map System Asia-Europe Summer School 2022  
  Deep Learning for Knowledge Extraction from UAV images  
  On Semantic Spatiotemporal Space and Knowledge with the Concept of “Dark-matter”  
 Co-located Events: (Sep 6)  
 (Host: School of Business and Management, Lappeenranta University of Technology)  
 Note: Due to unavoidable circumstances the group tour to St.Petersburg during the conference has been cancelled.   
 Conference Sessions:  
  Recent 
  Call for Participation: Peace!  February 28, 2022  April 14, 2024 
 University Knowledge Management Education in South Africa  November 19, 2024 
  Wissenstransfer  November 13, 2024  November 13, 2024 
  Knowledge management librarians @ International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM)  November 12, 2024 
  Knowledge & Information Management, Research & Analysis (KIMRA)*  November 6, 2024 
  CB Resourcing  November 6, 2024  November 6, 2024 
 Community  
