 Home 
  Author’s instructions 
  Organization 
  Conferences – history 
 Home  
 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION MODELLING AND KNOWLEDGE BASES  
  EJC   
  EJC 2024: Final (IOS Press) book publishing process is going on.  
 IOS Press version of Papers, submission: September 10th, 2024   
 To prepare the final version of the papers, please check the following details  :  
 Formatting of the paper follows the instructions. 
  No page numbers in the paper. 
  No page headers / footers in the paper. 
  Check the image quality and readability. 
  No tables overfloating page changes 
  No white space at the page ends. 
  References in the text and in the list of references match each other. 
  In the case the paper does not fill the requirements, extra iterations are needed. If finally the paper is not ready for publishing. the editing committee has right to withdraw the paper from the final journal print.  
 All papers must be resubmitted  to the paper management system ( see Author’s Instruction Section  ).  
  About the Conference  
 Motivation   
 Information modelling is becoming increasingly important for researchers, designers, and users of information systems with artificial intelligence. The amount and complexity of information, the number of abstraction levels, and the size of databases and knowledge bases are continuously growing. Conceptual modelling is one of the sub-areas of information modelling and AI modelling. The aim of this conference is to bring together experts from different areas of computer science, AI and other disciplines who have a common interest in understanding and solving problems on information modelling and knowledge bases, as well as applying the results of research to practice. We also aim to recognize and study new areas of Information modelling, knowledge bases and AI to which more attention should be paid. Philosophy and logic, cognitive science, knowledge management, linguistics and cyber-physical modelling are relevant areas, too. The conference will have three categories of presentations, i.e. full papers, short papers and position papers.  
 Background   
 7. AI System Modelling:  Cyber and Physical System Modelling; Image Processing; Natural Language Processing; Computer Vision; Biological Analysis; Responsible AI.  
 All papers (full/short/position) accepted and presented in the conference are published in the conference preprint (e-book having ISSN / ISBN) by the local organizers (distributed in the conference) and after the conference in the final journal-paper publication.  
 After the conference, authors have the opportunity to improve their papers based on the feedback at the conference. The final publication is published in the Series “ Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence  ” by IOS Press (Amsterdam)  . The books “Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases Vol. n” are edited by the Editing Committee. It has the right to propose obligatory improvements as a precondition to the publication. It has the right to withdraw papers that do not follow the given guidelines and technical style. In addition to IOS press publication, we have invitation to publish some papers in ECTI-Transactions on Computer and Information Technology (ECTI-CIT)  . The papers are selected by the Editorial Board of the Journal.  
 In all editorial issues, please contact the editing committee.  
  The E-books of EJC Conferences are available in   
