  Registration 
 Skip to content (Press Enter)  EKAW 2022   
 23rd International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management  
  23rd International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management  
 26-29 September 2022 - Bozen-Bolzano, Italy  
 EKAW Conference Series  EKAW 2022 Proceedings    
 The winners (tie) of the EKAW 2022 best paper award are:  
 MultiAligNet: Cross-Lingual Knowledge Bridges between Words and Senses  by Francesca Grasso, Vladimiro Lovera Rulfi and Luigi Di Caro  .  
  New Strategies for Training Knowledge Graph Embeddings: the Recommendation Case  by Nicolas Hubert, Pierre Monnin, Armelle Brun and Davy Monticolo  .  
 Go the detailed schedule  .  
 More on the 30+ year history of the EKAW Conference Series can be found here  .   
 The 23rd International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management is concerned with all aspects about eliciting, acquiring, modeling and managing knowledge. It hosts scientific presentations about the last advances on the construction of knowledge-intensive systems and services for the semantic web, knowledge management, e-business, natural language processing, and intelligent information integration.  
 The articles presented at EKAW 2022 deal with theoretical, methodological, experimental, and application-oriented aspects of knowledge engineering and knowledge management. In particular, but not exclusively, they are about methods, tools and methodologies relevant to the following topics: knowledge and AI, knowledge discovery, knowledge management, knowledge engineering and acquisition, social and cognitive aspects of knowledge representation, and applications in specific domains.  
 Besides the main conference, the program of EKAW 2022 includes a Poster and Demo track, a tutorial, a workshop, as well as three keynotes bringing their insights into the importance of knowledge engineering in today’s world.  
 © Copyright 2024 EKAW 2022  . All Rights Reserved.  The Conference | Developed by Rara Themes  Powered by WordPress  .