  Membership & more | Become a member 
  Become a sponsor 
  ENTER conference | ENTER25 
  Destination 
  Welcome Videos 
  Call for contributions 
  Sponsorship 
  ENTER proceedings 
  Host ENTER27 
  IFITTtalk 
 Select Page     
 ENTER  
 The annual eTourism conference  
 ENTER is the annual conference organised by the International Federation for IT and Travel & Tourism (IFITT)  .  
 For over 30 years, ENTER eTourism conference has brought together the Tourism and IT industry, academia, government, and other organisations. ENTER eTourism conference offers a worldwide and unique forum to actively exchange, share, and challenge state-of-the-art research and industrial case studies on the application of ICTs in travel and tourism. Everyone who shares knowledge, experience, and a true passion for ICTs in travel and tourism, is warmly welcome!  
 Destination ENTER  
 ENTER25  
 ENTER27  
 Are you interested in hosting the next ENTER conference? Check the requirements to bring ENTER to your destination.  
 Host ENTER    
 Why attend ENTER eTourism conference?  
 Interdisciplinary knowledge exchange  
 ENTER25 eTourism conference is designed to generate engagement and impact of your research as we work together towards the IFITT mission of sharing knowledge, experience, and passion for ICT in travel and tourism.  
 Networking opportunities with experts  
 ENTER25 eTourism conference attendees will have a unique opportunity to learn from and network with interdisciplinary experts who work at the intersection of tourism and technology.  
 Knowledge sharing  
 The ENTER25 eTourism conference proceedings will be indexed in Scopus, under the Springer Proceedings in Business and Economics  series.  
 Join ENTER25    
 Become a member    
 30+ years of ENTER conferences containing thought-provoking presentations, inspiration, and fun  
 Life-long friendships  
 ENTER as a conference singlehandedly developed the global eTourism community and provided the birthplace for many innovations that have transformed the international tourism world. IFITT engages the community and supports a range of events, activities, scholarships and plays a leading role in global engagement to address key challenges in the tourism and technology sphere.   
 Prof. Dimitrios Buhalis  , Bournemouth University, Poole, UK    
 IFITT and ENTER have been, and are, an incredible environment for the evolution of the whole eTourism field and for my personal development as a scholar. Besides that, it is a wonderful community in which discussions, collaborations, chats and friendships develop almost spontaneously and with great value for all those who are involved   
 Prof. Rodolfo Baggio  , Bocconi University, Milan, Italy    
 Austria  
 Impact of ENTER conference  
 ENTER Conferences  
 Participants  
 IFITT Community  
 From the Past to the Future of ENTER  
 ENTER26  
 Are you interested in hosting the next ENTER conference?  
 Please check the requirements and bid to bring ENTER to your destination.  
 Host ENTER    
 Sign up for IFITT Travel Tech Research and Education Newsletter  
  Membership & more | Become a member 
  Become a sponsor 
  ENTER conference | ENTER25 
  Destination 
  Welcome Videos 
  Call for contributions 
  Sponsorship 
  ENTER proceedings 
  Host ENTER27 
  IFITTtalk 
  Membership area 
 © 2023 IFITT. All rights reserved.   
 Manage Cookie Consent   
