Information and Communication Technologies in Tourism 2023 | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menu   Disciplines Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automotive    Business IT + Informatics    Construction + Real Estate    Electrical Engineering + Electronics    Energy + Sustainability    Insurance + Risk    Finance + Banking    Management + Leadership    Marketing + Sales    Mechanical Engineering + Materials      
 Events       
 Springer Professional     
   Search   Enter your search terms       Search     
 EXTENDED SEARCH      
 Top    
 Open Access  2023 | Open Access | Book  
 Information and Communication Technologies in Tourism 2023  
 Proceedings of the ENTER 2023 eTourism Conference, January 18-20, 2023  
 Editors: Berta Ferrer-Rosell, David Massimo, Katerina Berezina   
 About this book  
 This open access book provides an extensive overview of the usage of information and communication technologies in the tourism and hospitality industry. It presents the proceedings of the International Federation for IT and Travel & Tourism (IFITT)’s 30th Annual International eTourism Conference, which assembles the latest research presented at the ENTER2023 conference. The enclosed papers cover various topics within the field, including augmented and virtual reality, website development, social media use, e-learning, big data, analytics and recommendation systems.  
 MyTopic Alert   
 Open Access   
 The Initial Impact of Technology Enabled Relationship Creation in Rural Lebanon  
  Technology enables actor-to-actor experience co-creation leading to value creation for the parties involved in the process. This research presents the initial impact of a mobile application developed to foster technology enabled relationship in rural Lebanon. Results indicate that technology has the potential to positively impact both host and guest fostering relationships building in all the trip stages and leading to socio-economic development and transformative experiences. In fact, the paper shows that relationships created and strengthened with the support of technology are expected to have effects at personal, community and business level.  
 Alessandro Inversini, Maxie Müller, Salma Talhouk   
 Open Access   
 User Experience and Spatial Presence in a Walk-In Augmented Reality 3D Model for Tourists  
  In the context of vulnerable tourist attractions, it is often the case that tourists cannot be allowed the enter all the premises of the attraction, which potentially has a negative impact on the visitors’ experience. Virtual reality technologies are available for presenting the attraction for tourists in these cases, but the use of augmented reality (AR) also seems to have a role in certain use cases. The current paper presents our first experiment of using a walk-in augmented reality model to present an attraction to visitors near the original attraction. The tourist attraction visualized using AR was Mannerheim’s Saloon Car dating back to World War II. Nine participants used a tablet-based AR application to examine a realistically sized three-dimensional (3D) model of the saloon car in the close vicinity of the actual tourist attraction and filled in a questionnaire, which probed their user experience, spatial situation model, and spatial presence when using the system. These early results suggested that viewing a 3D model of the attraction using tablet-based AR provided a positive user experience for the participants and that the tablet-based AR implementation was successful in supporting the participants’ formation of a spatial situation model of the saloon car. The participants also gave relatively high ratings for spatial presence while viewing the 3D model using tablet-based AR.  
 Timo Partala, Mikko Kosonen, Tuomas Hellsten, Henri Riissanen   
 Open Access   
 Mobile Eye-Tracking as a Research Method to Explore the D/Deaf Experience at Arts and Cultural Venues  
  D/deaf activists have consistently lamented their exclusion from the decision-making process by service providers. Accessibility is only effective when designed with contributions from those affected by the perceived or known barrier. This paper redresses the historic absence of the D/deaf paradigm, and recenters the focus to the individual’s perspective of accessibility requirements by developing a conceptual framework, constructed through the review of empirical and theoretical literature. The conceptual dimensions presented are from the D/deaf person’s perspective as valued through shared power and ownership. The aim of this conceptual paper is to explore how D/deaf-centric research can be applied and qualitatively measured through the combination of self-report, observation and Mobile eye tracking (MET).  
 Vanessa Cumper, Caroline Scarles, Hongbo (Daisy) Liu, Albert Kimbu   
 Open Access   
 Daily Deals Usage in the Pandemic Context of the Slovenian Hotels: Technology Adoption Perspective  
  This paper analyses the usage of Daily Deals (DDs) in the COVID-19 pandemic context. A constructivist approach and grounded theory methodology are applied to study the managerial DDs usage in Slovenian hotels. The results show a predominance of organisational and external environmental factors, such as government regulation, linking structures, and industry characteristics, on the usage of DDs. These are shown in a conceptual DDs usage model. The study contributes to the hotel digital marketing literature by merging the two leading technology adoption frameworks to explain the formation of attitude and usage of DDs in a specific pandemic context.  
 Miha Bratec, Petra Zabukovec Baruca, Katarzyna Minor   
 Open Access   
 Factors Influencing Users’ Content Sharing Intention in Travel-Related Consumer Generated Media  
  Travel-related consumer generated media (CGM) plays an increasingly important role in travelers’ decision-making process. Strenuous effort has been dedicated to explore CGM’s impact on users’ travel behaviors. However, little is known about the motivations that drive users to post information on travel-related CGM. By combining the technology acceptance model (TAM), theory of planned behavior (TPB), and uses and gratifications theory (U&G), this study aims to delve into such motivational factors. The results revealed that users’ perceived ease of use when posting content significantly affects perceived usefulness. Additionally, users’ gratification derived from entertainment, information sharing, and rewards could positively influence their attitudes toward content sharing. Moreover, attitude, subjective norms, perceived behavioral control, and perceived usefulness jointly determine users’ intention to use travel-related CGM for content sharing. However, the impacts of perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, status-seeking, socializing, and passing time on their attitudes toward content sharing were insignificant. This study tests the possibility of combining the TAM, TPB, and U&G to expand their application in the field of travel-related CGM, and provides suggestions for travel-related CGM managers to improve their services.  
 Jiao Li, Kaige Zhu, Juhyeok Jang   
 Open Access   
 Smart and Sustainable Destination Experiences: A Content Analysis on Finnish Tourism Experts’ Perspectives  
  This paper discusses how Finnish tourism experts such as tourism entrepreneurs, destination management organizations (DMOs), development project personnel, and third-party organizations explain and shape the smartness of tourism destinations in Finland. We especially explore how the experts view the nexus of smartness and the experiences of tourists. The method used in this research is qualitative inductive content analysis. The preliminary findings show that the destinations aim to provide sustainable experiences with a balance between physical and digital services. However, the conditions such as scant mobility services and sometimes harsh nature conditions set challenges to developing smart tourism experiences. Smartness is still seen as a way to improve different aspects of social, cultural, and ecological sustainability.  
 Minni Haanpää, Päivi Hanni-Vaara   
 Open Access   
 Social Media-Based Tourist Flow Weighting  
  The identification of tourism flows is of great importance for the tourism industry to design memorable experiences. Since Millions of smartphone users are sharing their routes on online social networks (OSNs), social media analytics (SMA) based on location-based social networks (LBSNs) became a powerful tool to analyze tourism flows. Thus, this paper proposes a novel analytical approach to investigate tourism flows based on geotagged social media data through the weighted inclusion of comments and likes.  
 Christian Weismayer, Ilona Pezenka, Katharina Ladurner   
 Open Access   
 Contribution of Network Approach to Tourism Destination Governance  
  A tourism destination is a prototypical complex phenomenon and an ideal object of study of network science. Thanks to recent advances in computer science, this approach is capable of providing the baseline needed to design and govern tourism destinations in a dynamic environment. Although there have been some major contributions to this phenomenon, their scarcity has brought a rather fragmented contribution to tourism destination governance. Therefore, the aim of this paper is to conceptualise the contribution of network approach to tourism destination governance. Based on 10 real and virtual networks of mature tourism destinations in a Central Europe, the article provides areas where the network approach can help the tourism destination governance. Furthermore, it suggests managerial implications from the application of the network approach in the practice of governing a tourism destination.  
 Tomáš Gajdošík   
 Open Access   
 How Do Destinations Relate to One Another? A Study of Destination Visual Branding on Instagram  
  Destination marketers are aware that online communication about their destination is increasingly dependent on visual media rather than text, due to the growing popularity of social networks such as Instagram. An accurate understanding of how the destination is being presented to users in this medium is critical for digital marketing activities, e.g. to know if the desired destination brand is present or if visitors focus on other aspects of the destination than those being promoted in marketing. Unlike text mining, which has well established techniques to extract keywords and associations from text corpora, a consistent approach to understanding the content of images and expressing the resulting destination brand is lacking. This paper presents a visual classifier trained and fine-tuned specifically for destination brand measurement from images using 18 visual classes. It presents an exploratory study of how different destinations are being presented visually on Instagram and discusses how these insights could be used by destination marketers to adapt and improve their digital marketing.  
 Lyndon Nixon   
 Open Access   
 Comparing Marketing and Computer-Based Methods for Evaluating Online Reviews  
  This short paper aims to compare humanities and computer-based online review analysis methods. In particular, we evaluate two classical methodologies coming from marketing and natural language processing fields. We assessed them through their ability to translate online reviews into synthetic evaluations reflecting consumers’ overall feelings. Both methods were run in separate ways, then we confronted the results.  
 Noudéhouénou Lionel Jaderne Houssou, Jeanne Lallement, Mickael Coustaty, Luc Béal   
 Open Access   
 Towards Recommender Systems in Augmented Reality for Tourism  
  Recent advances in augmented reality have enabled new ways of generating and presenting item recommendations. In tourism, AR applications can, for example, enhance points of interests (POIs) with virtual elements in AR and provide tourists with personalized recommendations for places to visit. In this paper, we present our prototype: a touristic AR application that augments various POIs with digital content and generates context-aware recommendations for POIs in the Niederdorf old town of Zurich, Switzerland. We demonstrate how useful information can be presented to users in an engaging way by combining AR technologies and recommender systems.  
 Saikishore Kalloori, Ribin Chalumattu, Felix Yang, Severin Klingler, Markus Gross   
 Open Access   
 Gamification and Innovation Acceptance Among Finnish DMOs - Case King’s Road  
  According to Xu, Buhalis & Weber [1], gamification can enhance the on-site tourist experiences and be a marketing tool. However, the use of games in tourism development by DMOs is still an unexplored topic.The King’s Road in Finland combines the idea of gamified and storified live experiences with a video game. The development idea of a video game introduces King’s Road to a broader audience. The idea of a storified mobile game leads tourists on-site and rebuilds historical sites with augmented reality while leading tourists to less crowded attractions.This paper aims to provide new insights and increase understanding of gamification in tourism. To understand the innovation acceptance among Finnish DMOs, the gamified concept idea of King’s Road was presented to them. With the inductive approach, their feedback was analysed thematically. The findings highlight the obstacles and possibilities of the proposed gamification concept from the DMOs’ point of view. This paper aims to extend the previous research in innovation acceptance by identifying the level of acceptance regarding gamification in this case study and presenting solutions to advance it. Hence, this knowledge works as a basis for future research and development.  
 Minna Ahlstén, Johanna Heinonen, Maria Murto   
 Open Access   
 Metaverse and Tourism: From a New Niche to a Transformation  
  Metaverse is named among the technologies that are predicted to transform everyday life. The proliferation of such technologies as the Internet and smartphones has triggered major transformations in the tourism industry. This paper conceptualises the phenomenon of Metaverse towards the phenomenon of tourism. It applies a semi-systematic literature review methodology to identify existing alignment between the phenomena. The paper concludes that there is a conceptual alignment between the critical dimensions of the Metaverse and tourism. Tourism should be ready for the reciprocal effects of metaverse development on tourism and vice versa, from new opportunities to enhance tourist experience to a possible dissolution of the contemporary understanding of tourism.  
 Katerina Volchek, Armin Brysch   
 Open Access   
 Legal Considerations on the Relationship Between Tourism Marketing and AR  
  Augmented reality (AR) is greatly changing the tourism scene in this decade. With the recent expansion of AR, it is now possible to obtain digital flyers and coupons by physically visiting a place. Various AR-based games, such as Pokémon Go, have encouraged many people to visit various locations in the real world. However, the use of AR as a marketing strategy to attract customers and induce movements in humans has created new legal issues, such as the appropriateness of placing coupons on private properties and its use in public parks by private companies for sales promotions. In addition, since AR can make valuable digital information appear in a space for a specific period, it raises new issues regarding time management. This paper considers the problems that arise in guiding people using AR, mainly from a legal perspective, and discusses the future direction.  
 Akira Ide   
 Open Access   
 Agent-Based Modelling for Sustainable Tourism  
  Agent-based modelling (ABM) is a computer-based system to simulate the interactions, relationships and behavior of individual agents in a defined spatial context. Due to its stochastic and heterogenic nature, the method has the potential to represent the complexity of the tourism system with a broad range of possible applications. In the context of visitor flow management for instance, ABM can function as a possible decision support tool for policy makers to better understand and evaluate the dynamics of future scenarios and proposed policy changes towards a more economically, socially and environmentally resilient tourism development altogether. The following paper discusses the potential and implications of agent-based models in tourism research with a complex system approach in regard to ABM’s inherent elements of agents, interactions and environment. It introduces the planned application of ABM in an ongoing project dealing with visitor flows in an urban as well as rural destination context and draws up possible implications for sustainable tourism development.  
 Stefanie Wallinger, Lukas Grundner, Ivan Majic, Thomas J. Lampoltshammer   
 Metadata   
 Title  Information and Communication Technologies in Tourism 2023    
 Editors  Berta Ferrer-Rosell  
  David Massimo  
  Katerina Berezina  
 Copyright Year  2023    
 Publisher  Springer Nature Switzerland     
