Skip to content      
 EPIA 2023   
   Menu    
 Call for Papers  
 Paper submission deadline  May 8, 2023 AoE  ( final deadline  )   
 Notification of paper acceptance  June 5, 2023  
 Camera-ready papers deadline  June 19, 2023  
 Conference dates  September 5-8, 2023  
 The EPIA Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a well-established European conference in the field of AI. The 22nd edition of the EPIA conference will take place at Faial Island in the Azores Archipelago, from September 5th to September 8th, 2023.  
 As in previous editions, this international conference was hosted with the patronage of the Portuguese Association for Artificial Intelligence ( APPIA   ). The purpose of the EPIA conference is to promote research in all areas of AI, covering both theoretical/foundational issues and applications, and the scientific exchange among researchers, engineers and practitioners in related disciplines. The  Program Chairs for EPIA 2023   , together with the  International Steering Committee   , have selected a number of different  thematic tracks   to be featured on the conference, covering a wide spectrum of AI topics.   
 Submission and Reviewing  
 All papers must be submitted in PDF format through the EPIA 2023 EasyChair submission page   . Prospective authors are asked to select the thematic track   to which their paper was to be submitted. The papers must be prepared according to the Springer LNCS /LNAI format   , with a maximum of 12 pages including references  . Submitted papers are subject to a double-blind review process. They will be peer-reviewed by at least three members of the respective track Program Committee. Authors are responsible for removing names and affiliations from submitted papers, and to take reasonable care to assure anonymity during the review process.  
 Authors are recommended to consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines   and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX   or for Word   , for the preparation of their papers. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are available in Overleaf   . Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs   in their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, is required to complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form has to match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 Proceedings and Presentations  
 AWARDS  
 The conference will present a Best Paper Award  , sponsored by Springer, for the best research paper presented at the conference. Only papers that have been submitted to a thematic track and presented at the conference are eligible for this award.   
 Registration 
