Skip to content    ALGO 2023   
        Home  Home 
  ATMOS 
  IPEC 
  ESA 
  WAOA 
  Local Info 
  Social Program 
 ESA  
 2023   
 Scope  
 The European Symposium on Algorithms  (ESA)  is one of the premier conferences on algorithms. It is organized in collaboration with the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science  (EATCS)  and is a part of ALGO 2023  , to be held in beautiful Amsterdam.  
 Down to the list of accepted papers.    
 Important Dates  
  Notification: 23 June 
  Camera ready: 30 June 
  Conference: 4-6 September, 2023, in Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
  Invited Speakers  
 Rotem Oshman, Tel-Aviv University 
  Marianne Durand, Philippe Flajolet: | Loglog Counting of Large Cardinalities | (Speaker: Bob Sedgewick) 
  Call for Papers  
 The symposium seeks original algorithmic contributions for problems with relevant theoretical and/or practical applications. Papers with a strong emphasis on the theoretical analysis of algorithms should be submitted to Track A, while papers reporting on the results of extensive experimental evaluations and/or providing original contributions to the engineering of algorithms for practical applications should be submitted to Track B. Submissions that prove or explain known results in a much clearer, simpler or more elegant way than done before should be submitted to Track S. There will be a Best Student Paper Award as well as a Best Paper Award, both sponsored by EATCS. In order for a paper to be considered for the Best Student Paper Award, all of its authors are required to be students.  
 Paper submission and proceedings  
 Papers should be submitted electronically via the EasyChair submission system. The ESA 2023 proceedings will be published in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics ( LIPIcs  ) series.  
 Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or full paper of at most 12 pages excluding the title page (consisting of title and abstract), references, and an optional appendix. We recommend, but do not strictly require, making your initial submission adhere to LIPIcs publication guidelines. If not using LIPIcs style, the submission should be typeset using a 10-point or larger font in a single-column format with ample spacing throughout and 2cm margins all around on A4-size paper. Proofs omitted due to space constraints must be placed in an appendix. This appendix can even comprise an entire full version of the paper. The appendix will be read by the program committee members at their discretion. In particular, appendices of accepted papers are not going to be published in the proceedings. The main part of the submission should therefore contain a clear technical presentation of the merits of the paper, including a discussion of the paper’s importance within the context of prior work and a description of the key technical and conceptual ideas used to achieve its main claims. These guidelines are strict: submissions deviating significantly from these guidelines risk being rejected without consideration of their merits. Papers should be submitted electronically via the EasyChair submission system. Results previously published (or scheduled for publication) in another conference proceedings or journal will not be accepted at ESA. Simultaneous submission to other conferences with published proceedings, journals, or to multiple tracks of ESA 2023, is also not permitted. By submitting a paper the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance, at least one of the authors must register at ALGO 2023, attend the conference on-site and present the paper.  
 Double-Blind Reviewing  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work is in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). The purpose of the double-blind reviewing is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgement about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv  , and give talks on their research ideas. In case there exist publicly available versions of the submission online, the authors might mention this in their submission (without providing references/links), and briefly explain the differences if any. Alternatively, they might communicate the details to the chairs, who will keep them confidential unless revealing them to the PC is needed for a fair judgement. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC chairs.  
 Topics  
 Papers presenting original research in all areas of algorithmic research are sought, including but not limited to:  
  Sabine Storandt, University of Konstanz 
 ALGO 2023   
 Imprint   
