Home  History  Proceedings  Best Papers  Organizing ESEM  Sponsors  Steering Committee  Code Of Conduct  Contacts  Publishing Notes  Data Protection    
 Tweets by @ESEM_conf  Timeline does not work with some privacy tools  
 ESEM  
 ESEM, the International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement, is the premier empirical software engineering and measurement conference.  
 The objective of the International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement (ESEM) is to provide a forum where researchers, practitioners, and educators can report and discuss the most recent research results, innovations, trends, experiences, and concerns in the field of empirical software engineering and metrics.  
 ESEM conference encourages the exchange of ideas that help explore, understand, and model phenomena in software engineering from an empirical viewpoint. The conference focuses on the processes, design and structure of empirical studies, and the results of specific studies. Studies may vary from controlled experiments to field studies and from quantitative to qualitative studies.  
 ESEM committees care about fundamental ethical values related to diversity, as gender, ethnicity, disability, religion, and similar personal traits. Diversity will be sought at different levels, remarkably including conference committees' composition.  
 ESEM conference organizers will set as highest priority to provide a welcoming, respectful and positive atmosphere to all attendees. Aggressive or offensive language will not be allowed in talks, questions or answers. Aggressive or offensive behaviour, including any type of harassing, will not be allowed in the event, being a justified reason for expulsion without any compensation.  
 All ESEM conference committees as well as authors are obliged to follow and apply Ethical Guidelines as available at ACM  and IEEE  .  
 On this web site you can find information about the ESEM conference series as well as useful information for organizing a future ESEM conference.  
 ESEM - 18th edition - 2024  
