ETAPS 2023 | Call for Papers 
  Conferences 
  Programme 
  Steering Committee 
  Sustainability 
  ESOP 
  FASE 
  FoSSaCS 
  Policies 
  Disclaimer 
  Awards | Best Paper 
  Test of Time 
  Doctoral Dissertation 
 General information  
 ESOP is an annual conference devoted to fundamental issues in the specification, design, analysis, and implementation of programming languages and systems. ESOP seeks contributions on all aspects of programming language research including but not limited to, the following areas:  
 programming paradigms and styles: functional programming; object-oriented programming; probabilistic programming; logic programming; constraint programming; extensible programming languages; programming languages for systems code; novel programming paradigms; 
  methods and tools to specify and reason about programs and languages: programming techniques; meta-programming; domain-specific languages; proof assistants; type systems; dependent types; program logics, static and dynamic program analysis; language-based security; model checking; testing; 
  applications and emerging topics: programming languages and PL methods in education, security, privacy, database systems, computational biology, signal processing, graphics, human-computer interaction, computer-aided design artificial intelligence and machine learning; case studies in program analysis and verification. 
  Contributions bridging the gap between theory and practice are particularly welcome.  
 Important dates, paper submission and review  
 See the ETAPS 2023 joint call for papers  .  
 Submit your paper via the ESOP 2023 author interface  of EasyChair.  
 The review process of ESOP 2023 is double-blind  , with a rebuttal phase  . In your submission, omit your names and institutions; refer to your prior work in the third person, just as you refer to prior work by others; do not include acknowledgements that might identify you.  
 ESOP 2023 has just one paper category: regular research papers  of maximal 25 pages  using llncs.cls ( excluding bibliography  ).  
 Additional material intended for reviewers but not for publication in the final version - for example, details of proofs - may be placed in a clearly marked appendix that is not included in the page limit. Reviewers are at liberty to ignore appendices and papers must be understandable without them.  
 For the important dates, please check the important dates  .  
 Artifact submission and evaluation  
 ESOP 2023 and FoSSaCS 2023 will have a joint post-paper-acceptance voluntary artifact evaluation. Authors will be welcome to submit artifacts for evaluation after paper notification. The outcome will not alter the paper acceptance decision.  
 The details of the Artifact Evaluation are available here  .  
 Programme chair  
  Keynote speaker  
 We are pleased to announce Sven Apel (Saarland University, Germany) as keynote speaker.  
 Important dates, paper submission and review  
 The ETAPS 2023 joint call for papers is available here  .  
 The review process of FASE 2023 is double-blind, without a rebuttal phase  . In your submission, omit your names and institutions; refer to your prior work in the third person, just as you refer to prior work by others; do not include acknowledgements that might identify you.  
 Paper categories  
 FASE 2023 solicits four types of submissions: research papers, empirical evaluation papers, new ideas and emerging results (NIER) papers and tool demonstration papers. Submissions must follow the formatting guidelines of Springer’s LNCS (use the llncs.cls class) and be submitted electronically in pdf through the Easychair author interface  .  
 Research papers  clearly identify and justify a principled advance to the fundamentals of software engineering. Research papers should clearly articulate their contribution, and provide sufficient evidence for the soundness and applicability of the proposed approach. Research papers are expected to be 15-18 pp (excluding bibliography). Additional material intended for reviewers but not for publication in the final version may be included in a clearly marked appendix.  
 Empirical evaluation papers  evaluate existing software challenges or critically validate current proposed solutions with scientific means, i.e., by empirical studies, controlled experiments, rigorous case studies, simulations, etc. Scientific reflection on problems and practices in the software industry also falls into this category. Empirical evaluation papers can be 15-18 pp (excluding bibliography). Additional material intended for reviewers but not for publication in the final version may be included in a clearly marked appendix.  
 New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) papers  seek to disrupt the status quo with forward-looking, thought-provoking, innovative research on the foundations of software engineering, as well as lessons learned from the past. Our aim is to accelerate the exposure of the ETAPS community to early yet potentially ground-breaking research results, and to techniques and perspectives that challenge the status quo. To broadly capture this goal, the NIER track at FASE 2023 will publish the following types of papers:  
 Innovative or groundbreaking new ideas | at early stages of research, supported by promising initial results and intuitions; 
  Visions of new directions | : synergies with other fields or foundational approaches to problems that currently lack foundations in software engineering; 
  Lessons from the past | : thoughtful observations on past or current research directions that may be somehow misguided or that let us see current research directions from a new perspective. 
  NIER papers are expected to be 6-8 pp (excluding bibliography). NIER papers will be assessed primarily on their level of originality, relevance, and potential for impact on the field in terms of promoting innovative thinking. Hence, inadequacies in the state-of-the-art and the pertinence, correctness, and impact of the idea/vision/lesson must be described clearly. A full evaluation is not required for FASE NIER papers, but preliminary evaluation results may help the reviewers understand the scope of the work better.  
 Tool demonstration papers  present a new tool, a new tool component, or novel extensions to an existing tool. They should provide a short description of the theoretical foundations and emphasize the design and implementation concerns, including software architecture. The paper should give a clear account of the tool’s functionality and discuss the tool’s practical capabilities with reference to the type and size of problems it can handle. Authors are strongly encouraged to make their tools publicly available, preferably on the web. Experimental evaluation is not required, however, a motivation as to why the tool is interesting and significant should be provided. Tool demonstration papers can have a maximum of 6 pp (excluding bibliography). They should have an appendix  of up to 6 additional pages with details on the actual demonstration.  
 Artifact submission and evaluation  
 After notification, authors of accepted papers may optionally submit an artifact for evaluation  by the artifact evaluation committee (AEC).  
 During artifact evaluation the AEC assesses the quality of submitted artifacts while being constructive and helping authors to improve their submitted artifacts. The AEC evaluates artifacts independently of the paper according to the following criteria:  
 consistent with the paper 
  as complete as possible 
  well-documented 
  easy to (re)use 
  publicly and persistently available. 
  The result of the artifact evaluation will not alter the already made paper acceptance decision. However, papers whose artifacts are successfully evaluated will be awarded one or two artifact badges. In particular, FASE awards the Artifacts Available and Artifacts Evaluated badges from the EAPLS badging scheme  .  
 Please check the detailed artifact submission and evaluation guidelines  .  
 Special issue  
 Selected regular papers as well as software artefacts will be invited by June 2023 to submit to a special issue of FASE 23 in Science of Computer Programming  .  
 Competition on Software Testing (Test-Comp)  
 FASE 2023 hosts the 5th edition of the Competition on Software Testing (Test-Comp 2023)  .  
 Programme chairs  
 Leen Lambers | (BTU Cottbus-Senftenberg) 
  models of software security; 
  logical foundations of data bases 
  Important dates, paper submission and review  
 For the important dates, please check the joint call for papers  .  
 Artifact submission and evaluation  
 ESOP 2023 and FoSSaCS 2023 will have a joint post-paper-acceptance voluntary artifact evaluation. Authors will be welcome to submit artifacts for evaluation after paper notification. The outcome will not alter the paper acceptance decision.  
 The details of the Artifact Evaluation are available here  .  
 Programme chairs  
 General information  
 TACAS is a forum for researchers, developers and users interested in rigorously based tools and algorithms for the construction and analysis of systems. The conference aims to bridge the gaps between different communities with this common interest and to support them in their quest to improve the utility, reliability, flexibility and efficiency of tools and algorithms for building systems.  
 Theoretical papers with clear relevance for tool construction and analysis as well as tool descriptions and case studies with a conceptual message are all encouraged. The topics covered by the conference include, but are not limited to:  
 specification and verification techniques; 
  tool environments and tool architectures; 
  applications and case studies. 
  Important dates, paper submission and review  
 The details about paper submission and important dates can be found in the ETAPS joint Call for Papers  .  
 For the important dates, please check the important dates  .  
 Competition on software verification  
 TACAS 2023 will host the next, 12th instance of the Competition on Software Verification, SV-COMP 2023  .  
 Programme chairs  
 Natasha Sharygina (University of Lugano, Switzerland) 
 more  less     
 Co-located with ETAPS 2023 is the 29th International SPIN Symposium on Model Checking of Software  (SPIN 2023).  
 SPIN 2023 will be held on 26 and 27 April 2023. SPIN 2023 is the latest in a successful series of workshops and symposia for practitioners and researchers interested in automated tool-based techniques to analyze and model software for the purpose of verification and validation. We invite submissions presenting theoretical results, novel algorithms, tool development, and empirical evaluation.  
 The deadline for submission of scientific papers is 16 January 2023.  
 The conference website is located here  .  
