Computer Security – ESORICS 2023 | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menu   Disciplines Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automotive    Business IT + Informatics    Construction + Real Estate    Electrical Engineering + Electronics    Energy + Sustainability    Insurance + Risk    Finance + Banking    Management + Leadership    Marketing + Sales    Mechanical Engineering + Materials      
 Events       
 Read chapter  Read first chapter     
 Computer Security – ESORICS 2023  
 28th European Symposium on Research in Computer Security, The Hague, The Netherlands, September 25–29, 2023, Proceedings, Part III  
 Editors: Gene Tsudik, Mauro Conti, Kaitai Liang, Georgios Smaragdakis   
 Layered Symbolic Security Analysis in  
  Abstract   
 While cryptographic protocols are often analyzed in isolation, they are typically deployed within a stack of protocols, where each layer relies on the security guarantees provided by the protocol layer below it, and in turn provides its own security functionality to the layer above. Formally analyzing the whole stack in one go is infeasible even for semi-automated verification tools, and impossible for pen-and-paper proofs. The \(\textsf {DY}^\star \)  protocol verification framework offers a modular and scalable technique that can reason about large protocols, specified as a set of \(\textsf {F}^\star \)  modules. However, it does not support the compositional  verification of layered protocols since it treats the global security invariants monolithically. In this paper, we extend \(\textsf {DY}^\star \)  with a new methodology that allows analysts to modularly analyze each layer in a way that compose to provide security for a protocol stack. Importantly, our technique allows a layer to be replaced by another implementation, without affecting the proofs of other layers. We demonstrate this methodology on two case studies. We also present a verified library of generic authenticated and confidential communication patterns that can be used in future protocol analyses and is of independent interest.   
 Karthikeyan Bhargavan, Abhishek Bichhawat, Pedram Hosseyni, Ralf Küsters, Klaas Pruiksma, Guido Schmitz, Clara Waldmann, Tim Würtele   
  Abstract   
 The transient-execution attack Meltdown leaks sensitive information by transiently accessing inaccessible data during out-of-order execution. Although Meltdown is fixed in hardware for recent CPU generations, most currently-deployed CPUs have to rely on software mitigations, such as KPTI. Still, Meltdown is considered non-exploitable on current systems.   
 In this paper, we show that adding another layer of indirection to Meltdown transforms a transient-execution attack into a side-channel attack, leaking metadata instead of data. We show that despite software mitigations, attackers can still leak metadata from other security domains by observing the success rate of Meltdown on non-secret data. With LeakIDT, we present the first cache-line granular monitoring of kernel addresses. LeakIDT allows an attacker to obtain cycle-accurate timestamps for attacker-chosen interrupts.   
 We use our attack to get accurate inter-keystroke timings and fingerprint visited websites. While we propose a low-overhead software mitigation to prevent the exploitation of LeakIDT, we emphasize that the side-channel aspect of transient-execution attacks should not be underestimated.   
 A Rowhammer Reproduction Study Using the Blacksmith Fuzzer  
  Abstract   
 Rowhammer is a hardware vulnerability that can be exploited to induce bit flips in dynamic random access memory (DRAM), compromising the security of a computer system. Multiple ways of exploiting Rowhammer have been shown and even in the presence of mitigations such as target row refresh (TRR), DRAM modules remain partially vulnerable. In this paper, we present a large-scale reproduction study on the Rowhammer vulnerability using the Blacksmith Rowhammer fuzzer. The main focus of our study is the impact of the fuzzing environment. Our study uses a diverse set of 10 DRAM chips from various manufacturers, with different capacities and memory frequencies. We show that the runtime, used seeds, and DRAM coverage of the fuzzer have been underestimated in previous work. Additionally, we study the entire hardware setup’s impact on the transferability of Rowhammer by fuzzing the same DRAM on 4 identical machines. The transferability study heavily relates to Rowhammer-based physically unclonable functions (PUFs) which rely on the stability of Rowhammer-induced bit flips. Our results confirm the findings of the Blacksmith fuzzer, showing that even modern DRAM chips are vulnerable to Rowhammer. In addition, we show that PUFs are challenging to achieve on commodity systems due to the high variability of Rowhammer bit flips.   
 Lukas Gerlach, Fabian Thomas, Robert Pietsch, Michael Schwarz   
  Abstract   
 In this paper, we analyze Meltdown-CPL-REG on 19 different CPUs from different vendors using an automated tool. We observe that the impact is more diverse than documented and differs from CPU to CPU. Surprisingly, while the newest Intel CPUs do not seem affected by Meltdown-CPL-REG, the newest available AMD CPUs (Zen3+) are still affected by the vulnerability. Furthermore, given our attack primitive CounterLeak, we show that besides up-to-date patches, Meltdown-CPL-REG can still be exploited as we reenable performance-counter-based attacks on cryptographic algorithms, break KASLR, and mount Spectre attacks. Although Meltdown-CPL-REG is not as powerful as other transient-execution attacks, its attack surface should not be underestimated.   
 Daniel Weber, Fabian Thomas, Lukas Gerlach, Ruiyi Zhang, Michael Schwarz   
 Tamarin-Based Analysis of Bluetooth Uncovers Two Practical Pairing Confusion Attacks  
  Abstract   
 This paper provides a Tamarin-based formal analysis of all key-agreement protocols available in Bluetooth technologies, i.e.  , Bluetooth BR/EDR, Bluetooth Low Energy, and Bluetooth Mesh. The automated analysis found several unreported attacks, including two attacks that exploit the confusion of Pairing modes, which occurs when a communicating party uses the Secure Pairing mode while the other one uses the Legacy Pairing mode. They have been validated in practice using off-the-shelf implementations for the genuine communicating parties, and a custom BR/EDR machine-in-the-middle framework for the attacker. Our attacks have been reported by Bluetooth SIG as CVEs.   
 Tristan Claverie, Gildas Avoine, Stéphanie Delaune, José Lopes Esteves   
 Everlasting ROBOT: The Marvin Attack  
  Abstract   
 In this paper we show that Bleichenbacher-style attacks on RSA decryption are not only still possible, but also that vulnerable implementations are common. We have successfully attacked multiple implementations using only timing of decryption operation and shown that many others are vulnerable. To perform the attack we used more statistically rigorous techniques like the sign test, Wilcoxon signed-rank test, and bootstrapping of median of pairwise differences. We publish a set of tools for testing libraries that perform RSA decryption against timing side-channel attacks, including one that can test arbitrary TLS servers with no need to write a test harnesses. Finally, we propose a set of workarounds that implementations can employ if they can’t avoid the use of RSA.   
 Hubert Kario   
 Bijack: Breaking Bitcoin Network with TCP Vulnerabilities  
  Abstract   
 Recent studies have shown that compromising Bitcoin’s peer-to-peer network is an effective way to disrupt the Bitcoin service. While many attack vectors have been uncovered such as BGP hijacking in the network layer and eclipse attack in the application layer, one significant attack vector that resides in the transport layer is largely overlooked. In this paper, we investigate the TCP vulnerabilities of the Bitcoin system and their consequences. We present Bijack, an off-path TCP hijacking attack on the Bitcoin network that is able to terminate Bitcoin connections or inject malicious data into the connections with only a few prior requirements and a limited amount of knowledge. This results in the Bitcoin network topology leakage, and the Bitcoin nodes isolation.   
 Secure Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search with Locality-Sensitive Hashing  
  Abstract   
 Ensuring both security and efficiency in Nearest Neighbor Search (NNS) on large datasets remains a formidable challenge, as it often leads to substantial computation and communication costs due to the resource-intensive nature of ciphertext computations. To date, there have been some solutions that are capable of handling privacy-preserving NNS queries on big datasets. However, these approaches either impose significant communication and computational burdens or compromise security. In this paper, we introduce a novel framework, namely SecureANNS, for secure approximate nearest neighbor search in the semi-honest setting. Our approach begins by enhancing the building blocks of secure NNS, specifically the multiplexer and comparison operations, through oblivious transfer. We then adapt the plaintext Locality-Sensitive Hashing algorithm to select a smaller subset, reducing the need for extensive two-party computation. Finally, we introduce a new bucket retrieval algorithm for efficient subset retrieval. Experimental results on various datasets demonstrate that our SecureANNS achieves a speedup of 4 \(\times \)  and 14 \(\times \)  compared to two state-of-the-art methods respectively.   
 Shang Song, Lin Liu, Rongmao Chen, Wei Peng, Yi Wang   
 ConGISATA: A Framework for Continuous Gamified Information Security Awareness Training and Assessment  
  Abstract   
 The incidence of cybersecurity attacks utilizing social engineering techniques has increased. Such attacks exploit the fact that in every secure system, there is at least one individual with the means to access sensitive information. Since it is easier to deceive a person than it is to bypass the defense mechanisms in place, these types of attacks have gained popularity. This situation is exacerbated by the fact that people are more likely to take risks in their passive form, i.e., risks that arise due to the failure to perform an action. Passive risk has been identified as a significant threat to cybersecurity. To address these threats, there is a need to strengthen individuals’ information security awareness (ISA). Therefore, we developed ConGISATA - a continuous gamified ISA training and assessment framework based on embedded mobile sensors; a taxonomy for evaluating mobile users’ security awareness served as the basis for the sensors’ design. ConGISATA’s continuous and gradual training process enables users to learn from their real-life mistakes and adapt their behavior accordingly. ConGISATA aims to transform passive risk situations (as perceived by an individual) into active risk situations, as people tend to underestimate the potential impact of passive risks. Our evaluation of the proposed framework demonstrates its ability to improve individuals’ ISA, as assessed by the sensors and in simulations of common attack vectors.   
 Ofir Cohen, Ron Bitton, Asaf Shabtai, Rami Puzis   
 Tactics for Account Access Graphs  
  Abstract   
 Account access graphs have been proposed as a way to model relationships between user credentials, accounts, and methods of access; they capture both multiple simultaneous access routes (e.g., for multi-factor authentication) as well as multiple alternative access routes (e.g., for account recovery). In this paper we extend the formalism with state transitions and tactics. State transitions capture how access may change over time as users or adversaries use access routes and add or remove credentials and accounts. Tactics allow us to model and document attacker techniques or resilience strategies, by writing small programs. We illustrate these ideas using some attacks against mobile authentication and banking applications which have been publicised in 2023.   
 Luca Arnaboldi, David Aspinall, Christina Kolb, Saša Radomirović   
 Metadata   
 Title  Computer Security – ESORICS 2023    
 Editors  Gene Tsudik  
  Mauro Conti  
