European Symposium on Research in Computer Security  
 Home Page  
  Computer security is concerned with the protection of information in environments where there is a possibility of intrusion or malicious action. The aim of ESORICS is to further the progress of research in computer security by establishing a European forum for bringing together researchers in this area, by promoting the exchange of ideas with system developers and by encouraging links with researchers in related areas.  
  Progressively organised in a series of European countries, the symposium is confirmed as the European research event in computer security.  
  ESORICS STEERING COMMITTEE  
 Joachim Biskup  
  Frederic Cuppens  
  Edgar Weippl  
  ESORICS Steering Committee Terms of Reference  
 Please download the ESORICS Steering Committee Terms of Reference here  .  
 Please download the document describing the election process for the chair of the ESORICS Steering Committee here  .  
 Please download the document describing the election process for new members of the ESORICS Steering Committee here  .  
  ESORICS Awards  
 Please download the document describing the ESORICS awards process here  .  
  2024  
 ESORICS 2024 Outstanding Research Award: Jaideep Vaidya  
  ESORICS 2024 Outstanding Contribution Award: Josef Pieprzyk  
 2023 ESORICS 2023 Outstanding Research Award: Ronald Cramer  
  ESORICS 2023 Outstanding Contribution Award: Elisa Bertino  
 2022 ESORICS 2022 Outstanding Research Award: Vijay Atluri  
  ESORICS 2022 Outstanding Contribution Award: Jacques Stern  
  ESORICS Workshops  
 Please download the document describing the Guidelines for organizing ESORICS Workshops here  .  
  Next Edition  
 ESORICS IN THE FUTURE  
 Call for Hosts  
 The aim of ESORICS is to further the progress of research in computer, information and cyber security and in privacy, by establishing a European forum for bringing together researchers in this area, by promoting the exchange of ideas with system developers and by encouraging links with researchers in related areas.  
  The ESORICS Steering Committee  are looking for prospective organizers (Universities Research centers) to host future editions of ESORICS. We would like to offer the opportunity to help us continue to make ESORICS a memorable experience for a large number of participants, while gaining visibility for your own institution. Joint bids are encouraged, as are applications from countries where ESORICS has not previously been held. The full list of previous ESORICS editions is available here  .  
  This Call for Hosts is open to prospective organizers who are able to offer: An easily accessible location from across Europe (international airport hub) 
  Technical support 
  Support staff for the preparation of ESORICS 
  Capacity to handle online registration payments 
  ESORICS is a full-costing event, which means that all costs related to the organization are fully covered by the revenue it raises. In order to do so, the organizers and hosts will rely on two types of funding: revenue from registration fees and support from sponsors. It should be noted that the ESORICS organizers are not-for-profit organizations which means that the financial management will be entirely planned to enable costs to be covered at a minimal risk level with no intention of making a profit on the event. To receive further details on the conditions of hosting ESORICS and the process for submitting a bid, please contact Prof. Joaquin Garcia-Alfaro, chair of the ESORICS Steering Committee at  joaquin.garcia_alfaro@telecom-sudparis.eu  Email address protected by JavaScript.  
  Please enable JavaScript to contact this user.   .  
  Bids should provide information on the venue and its capacity in terms of rooms to be used during the conference; tentative dates; technical program, organizing and other committee members; the city/area where the conference is to be held; and accommodation options; and preliminary budget calculations. Bidders will be expected to attend ESORICS and present their bid to the ESORICS Steering Committee. 
 ESORICS IN THE PAST  
 Last Editions  
  Full authors index 
   Pages maintained by Christophe Zanon (  czanon@laas.fr  Email address protected by JavaScript.  
  Please enable JavaScript to contact this user.   ), last updated October 2024.