Skip to main content    2023 ESWC-Conferences   
 Toggle navigation        
 ESWC 2023 | About 
  History 
  Calls | Call for Contributions ESWC 2023 
  Call for Papers: Research Track 
  Call for Papers: In-use Track 
 REGISTRATION    
  ESWC 2024 General Chair   
  26. July 2023  25. July 2023     Catia Pesquita      
 We are very happy to announce the general chair for ESWC 2024: Albert Meroño Peñuela –  we wish Albert all the best with next years organization and are looking forward to see many people again on Crete at the Aldemar Knossos Royal again next year from 26th until 30th May 2024  !  
  Best Paper Awards   
  26. June 2023  24. June 2023     Catia Pesquita      
 We are happy to announce the best paper winners in the different tracks below. Congratulations to all the winners, well deserved!  
 Best Research  Paper Award Winners:  
 A Framework to Include and Exploit Probabilistic Information in SHACL Validation Reports | by Rémi Felin, Catherine Faron and Andrea Tettamanzi 
  Classifying sequences by combining context-free grammars and OWL ontologies | by Nicolas Lazzari, Andrea Poltronieri and Valentina Presutti 
  Best Resource  Paper Award Winner: HHT: an approach for representing temporally-evolving historical territories  by William Charles, Nathalie Hernandez and Nathalie Aussenac-Gilles  
 Best In Use  Paper Award Winner: Prototyping an End-User User Interface for the Solid Application Interoperability Specification under GDPR  by Hadrien Bailly, Anoop Papanna and Rob Brennan  
 Best Poster  Award Winner: RoXi: a Framework for Reactive Reasoning  by Pieter Bonte and Femke Ongenae  
 Best Demo  Award Winner: GLENDA: Querying over RDF Archives with SPARQL  by Olivier Pelgrin, Ruben Taelman, Luis Galárraga and Katja Hose  
 Best PhD Symposium  Paper Award Winner: Formalizing Stream Reasoning for a Decentralized Semantic Web  by Mathijs van Noort  
 Congratulations to everyone!  
  Reviewer Awards at ESWC 2023   
  24. June 2023  24. June 2023     Catia Pesquita      
 We want to thank all PC members of all tracks for making this ESWC possible. A program cannot be put together without the help of all reviewers!  
 Additionally, we are happy to announce the Reviewer awards for ESWC 2023 and special thanks for the researchers mentioned below for their contributions during the reviewing process!  
 Research Track:  
 Best PC member: | Hubert Naacke 
  Gala Dinner Location/Time Change   
  31. May 2023  31. May 2023     Catia Pesquita      
  Mastodon 
 ESWC 2023 – NEWS  
 ESWC 2024 General Chair   
 We are very happy to announce the general chair for... 
  Best Paper Awards   
 We are happy to announce the best paper winners in... 
  Reviewer Awards at ESWC 2023   
 We want to thank all PC members of all tracks... 
 Extended Semantic Web Conference ESWC  
 The ESWC  is a major venue for discussing the latest scientific results and technology innovations around semantic technologies. Building on its past success, ESWC is seeking to broaden its focus to span other relevant related research areas in which Web semantics plays an important role.  
 Twitter 
