  In press 
 EUMAS 2023  
 20th European Conference of Multi-Agents Systems  
 Conference • Sept. 14-15, 2023 • Naples  
 PhD day • Sept. 13, 2023 • Naples  
 About  
 Call for papers  
 What can be submitted?  
 EUMAS 2023 welcomes original, unpublished papers including improved versions of extended abstracts or rejected papers from AAMAS, AAAI and IJCAI 2023. The submission should describe work that has not been previously published, accepted for publication, nor is currently under review by another conference or journal.  
 Topic    
 Formatting and Length  
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed in a single blind fashion. Submission should be at most 15 pages long, with any number of pages for references and, if needed, a clearly marked appendix and be formatted according to Springer’s LNCS format. For templates and instructions for authors, see Conference proceedings guidelines    . Authors must submit their papers through the EUMAS 2023 Easychair submission site    as a single PDF file.  
 Important dates  
 Deadline for papers submission (extended): 29 May 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Notification sent to authors: 5 July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Camera ready papers: 20 July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  EUMAS conference: 14-15 September 2023 
 PhD day  
 Important dates  
 Paper Submission Deadline: 15th July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Paper Notification: 20th July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
  Camera ready papers: 24th July 2023 (AoE, UTC-12) 
 Phd Students (and also former PhD students that completed their PhD in 2022)  are invited to submit a Short Paper to EUMAS 2023. The accepted papers will be be presented during the EUMAS 2023 PhD Day (which will be held on the 13th of September), and will be included in EUMAS 2023 proceedings. All PhD day authors will give an highlight talk of their work (in 5 minutes) and then present it as a poster. There will be a best presentation award (based on the talk and the poster), which will come with a monetary prize. All submissions will be peer-reviewed in a single blind fashion. Specifically, all submissions should not be anonymized. Submission should be at most 5 pages long, with 2 additional page only for references  , and be formatted according to Springer’s LNCS format. For templates and instructions for authors, see Conference proceedings guidelines    . Authors must submit their papers through the EUMAS 2023 Easychair submission site    as a single PDF file.  
 Accepted papers  
  Alejandra López de Aberasturi Gómez, Jordi Sabater Mir and Carles Sierra. Modelling Group Performance in Educational Multiagent Systems: Introducing the CollabQuest Simulation Game 
  Ruhollah Jamali and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar. Towards Developing an Agent-based Model of Price Competition in the European Pharmaceutical Parallel Trade Market 
  Leandro Buss Becker, Anthony Downs, Craig Schlenoff, Justin Albrecht, Zeid Kootbally, Angelo Ferrando, Rafael C. Cardoso and Michael Fisher. Using a BDI Agent to Represent a Human on the Factory Floor of the ARIAC 2023 Industrial Automation Competition 
  Giuseppe De Giacomo, Gianmarco Parretti and Shufang Zhu. Symbolic LTLf Best-Effort Synthesis 
  Francesco Leofante and Alessio Lomuscio. Robust Explanations for Human-Neural Multi-agent Systems with Formal Verification 
  Luciana Silo. Agent Behavior Composition in Stochastic Settings 
  Michał Tomasz Godziszewski. Computational Complexity of Election Control for Euclidean Preferences** 
  *The paper has been accepted in the proceedings but it will not be presented in Naples.  
  **The paper has not been accepted in the proceedings but it will be presented in Naples.   
 Programme  
 September 13 (PhD Day, industrial panel and welcome reception)   
 September 14 (Main conference + Social event)   
  Martina Baiardi, Samuele Burattini, Giovanni Ciatto and Danilo Pianini. JaKtA: BDI agent-oriented programming in pure Kotlin 
  Giuseppe Petrosino, Stefania Monica and Federico Bergenti. A Comprehensive Presentation of the Jadescript Agent-Oriented Programming Language 
  Leandro Buss Becker, Anthony Downs, Craig Schlenoff, Justin Albrecht, Zeid Kootbally, Angelo Ferrando, Rafael C. Cardoso and Michael Fisher. Using a BDI Agent to Represent a Human on the Factory Floor of the ARIAC 2023 Industrial Automation Competition 
  Peter Stringer, Rafael C. Cardoso, Clare Dixon, Michael Fisher and Louise Dennis. Adaptive Cognitive Agents: Updating Action Descriptions and Plans 
 September 15 (Main conference + EURAMAS meeting)   
 As for previous year editions, we plan to select the best papers for a special issue in SN Computer Science . Also, the top three accepted papers will have the opportunity to submit an extended versions of their papers for a fast-tracked review process at JAAMAS.  
 Best Paper  
  Note that, bank transfer will not be possible anymore starting September 1.    
  For each paper it is necessary to have an author registration. In addition, for each author it is possible to register only one paper.  
 In press  
  © 2023 EUMAS    
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
