Skip to the content    EuroCG'23    
 Call for Contributions  
 EuroCG 2023 will be held March 29-31, 2023 in Barcelona, Spain. EuroCG is an annual workshop that combines a strong scientific tradition with a friendly and informal atmosphere. The workshop is a forum where established researchers and students can meet, discuss their work, present their results, and establish scientific collaborations.  
 Important dates  
 Submission Deadline: January 10, 2023   
  Acceptance Notification: February 17, 2023   
  Early Registration ends: February 23, 2023   
  Camera-ready version: March 3, 2023   
  EuroCG 2023: March 29–31, 2023  
  Invited speakers  
  robotics and virtual worlds, and 
  computer-aided design and manufacturing. 
   Submission  
 Authors must use the LaTeX class files eurocg23  and eurocg23-submission  , which are based on the LIPICS class file. These class files should automatically count all lines containing text, excluding title and references, and excluding figures. Authors are expected to make reasonable effort to make sure all lines that contain text are counted: the class file should be considered an aid, and the responsibility of correctly counting lines remains with the authors. A zip file containing an example of how to use the class file can be found here  .  
  Acceptance policy  
 EuroCG is a non-competitive forum. We will accept all submissions which are original, correct, well-presented, non-trivial, and in scope. The program committee judges submissions on these five criteria, each of which can lead to rejection. If a submission satisfies all criteria, then it will be accepted: there is no competition against other submissions.  
 Originality: If a submission does not contain original research by the authors, or if there is good reason to believe this is the case, this is a reason for rejection. We do not accept submissions which have already been accepted for publication elsewhere. However, we do explicitly allow submissions that are under review at another conference or journal (at the time of submission to EuroCG). 
  Correctness. If the main / a major result of a submission is not correct, this is a reason for rejection. If an attentive reviewer cannot establish correctness of the results from the content of the submission, this is a reason for rejection. However, an acceptance at EuroCG is no correctness guarantee. 
  Presentation. If a submission is written in a way that makes it unreadable, or it does not follow the submission guidelines as listed in the call for contributions, this is a reason for rejection. 
  Technical Depth. If a submission is trivial, this is a reason for rejection. However, there is no “minimum level” of technical depth required. 
  Scope. If a submission is out of scope, this is a reason for rejection. However, we wish to be inclusive in our interpretation of scope, which includes but is not limited to the list of topics in the call for contributions. 
   Proceedings  
 EuroCG does not have formally reviewed proceedings. A booklet of abstracts, without ISBN, will be accessible online on the website for the benefit of the community and must be regarded as a collection of preprints rather than a formally reviewed selection of papers. Results presented at EuroCG are expected to appear in other conferences with formal proceedings and/or in journals. In particular, papers that have been submitted to other formally reviewed conferences are eligible for presentation at EuroCG, assuming they have not been presented at a conference or published in a journal by the time of the conference. Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions to a special issue of the Computing in Geometry and Topology (CGT)  journal.  
  Authors of accepted submissions are expected to present their work at the conference (in-person). Failure to do so may result in removal of the contribution from the abstract booklet and conference website.  
 There will also be a voting for the Best Student Presentation.  
 © 2024 EuroCG'23   
 Powered by WordPress   
