EuroVA     
 Skip to content    
 EuroVA 2024 | Program 2024 
  Keynote 2024 
  Call for Papers 2024 
  News 
  Previous Events | EuroVA 2023 | Call for Papers 2023 
  Program 2023 
  Keynote 2023 
  EuroVis and EuroVA Panels – Call for Input 
  EuroVA 2022 | Call for Papers 
  Call for Questions for Q+A 
  Program 2022 
  Keynote 2022 
  Best Paper Awards 2022 
  Virtual EuroVA Information 
  Data Protection 
 EuroVA 2023  
 Workshop   
 EuroVA 2023 ( eurova.org/eurova-2023  ) is the fourteenth international EuroVis Workshop on Visual Analytics.  
 It will take place on Monday, June 12, 2023, in Leipzig, Germany, and is co-located with Eurovis 2023, the Eurographics Conference on Visualization ( eurovis.org  ).  
 Visual Analytics is a problem-solving and sense-making approach that integrates analytical computations, visual representations, and interaction. It includes the analysis of complex (massive, heterogeneous, dynamic, uncertain, …) data and information for gaining understanding, building knowledge, and inferring insight. Visual Analytics aims at a synergistic collaboration of humans and computers mediated through interactive visual interfaces. As such, Visual Analytics is an interdisciplinary field of research, including aspects of visualization, human-computer interaction, data science, statistics and mathematics, data management and knowledge representation, data analysis and machine learning, cognitive and perceptual sciences.  
 EuroVA 2023 is the premier workshop in Europe to present and discuss fresh ideas on new methods and theories, novel applications, designs, and studies on the use of Visual Analytics methods and systems. The workshop will accept a wide range of contributions within the broad area of Visual Analytics, including novel techniques, systems, applications, evaluation studies and methods, and theoretical foundations, as well as fresh viewpoints on future challenges and critical reflections.  
  EuroVA proceedings will be published in the EG Digital Library  . EuroVA is also indexed in dblp  and Scopus.  
 Workshop Program   
 Opening Ceremony, with a keynote on | “Bridging AI and Visual Analytics” | by Alvitta Ottley and the Best Paper Award 
  Paper Session 1: Patterns and Multidimensional Projections 
  Session 3: Honorable Mention Paper and Panel 
  Paper Session 2: Decision-making and explanation 
  Call for Submissions   
 EuroVA seeks to attract innovative, fresh, and creative ideas with a high potential of becoming significant contributions to the Visual Analytics community.  
 We welcome contributions within the broad area of Visual Analytics, including:  
 research papers | presenting novel techniques or systems, evaluation studies and methods, and theoretical foundations, 
  Applications and problem-driven work, including but not limited to sports, medicine, biology, finance, security, telecommunication, travel, humanities … 
  Important Dates   
 Submission:  Extended    
  Notification:  
  Camera-ready:  
  Workshop:  
 March 3, 2023    
  April 15, 2023   
  May 9, 2023   
  June 12, 2023  
 March 10, 2023   
  April 20, 2023  
  May 12, 2023  
 Submission Guidelines   
 *NEW*  EuroVA listened to the feedback received from authors during the 2022 edition, and we are happy to announce that this year papers will be up to 5 pages  in length + 1 extra page for references (maximum). Papers must be prepared using the EuroVA LaTeX template, which can be downloaded here: download link   
 Papers are to be submitted via the new  PCS  . (Not open yet)  
 At least one author of an accepted paper must register and participate in the workshop to present the accepted work.  
 Publication and Special Issue Papers   
 The EuroVA Workshop Proceedings will be published by the Eurographics Association  , and be stored in the Eurographics Digital Library  .  
 Following the workshop, the authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version of their paper to a special issue of a journal. Further details will be announced soon.  
 Organizers   
 Program Chairs   
 Search for: 
  Related Websites | EuroVA Papers (EG Digital Library) 
  EuroVA Twitter 
  EuroVis 2023 
  VisMaster 
 EuroVA    
 Proudly powered by WordPress.