  Previous events 
  Contact us 
  Calls | EuroGP 
  EvoAPPS | Analysis of Evolutionary Computation Methods: Theory, Empirics, and Real-World Applications 
  Applications of Bioinspired techniques on Social Networks 
  Joint Track on Evolutionary Machine Learning 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Submit | Submit Paper 
  Camera-Ready Paper 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Important Dates 
  Programme | Programme 
  Invited Speakers 
  Accepted contributions | EuroGP Accepted Papers 
  EvoAPPS Accepted Papers 
  EvoCOP Accepted Papers 
  EvoMUSART Accepted Papers 
  Evolutionary Machine Learning Accepted Papers 
  Best paper nominations | EuroGP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoAPPs Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoCOP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoMUSART Best Paper Nominees 
  Participants | Registration 
  Preparing your online poster 
  Students | Student Welcome Reception 
  Student Workshop 
  The Great EvoStar Scavenger Hunt 2023 
  EvoStar Outstanding Students 
  Outstanding Students of 2023 
  Local information | About Brno 
  Venue 
  Accomodation 
    The 26th European Conference on Genetic Programming (EuroGP) 2023 conference will take place as part of EvoStar (Evo*).  
  EuroGP is the premier annual conference on Genetic Programming (GP), the oldest and the only meeting worldwide devoted specifically to this branch of evolutionary computation. It is always a high-quality, enjoyable, friendly event, attracting participants from all continents, and offering excellent opportunities for networking, informal contact, and exchange of ideas with fellow researchers. It will feature a mixture of oral presentations and poster sessions and invited keynote speakers. EuroGP is featured in the conference ranking database CORE  .  
 You can consult the proceedings of previous events at EuroGP Conference Proceedings in SpringerLink   
 A comprehensive bibliography of genetic programming literature and links to related material is accessible at the Genetic Programming Bibliography  web page, part of the Collection of Computer Science Bibliographies maintained and managed by William Langdon, Steven Gustafson, and John Koza.  
 Download the CFP in PDF  .  
 NEW:   The proceedings of EuroGP 2023 are available following this link  .  
 Conference Chairs  
 Gisele Pappa | Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Brazil | glpappa(at)dcc.ufmg.br 
  Evolutionary inductive programming 
  Evolution of automata or machines 
  Submission Details  
 Accepted papers will be published by Springer Nature in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Submissions must be original and not published elsewhere. They will be peer reviewed by at least three members of the program committee. The reviewing process will be double-blind, so please omit information about the authors in the submitted paper  . Submit your manuscript in Springer LNCS format  .  
 Page limit:  16 pages.  
 The authors of accepted papers will have to improve their paper on the basis of the reviewers’ comments and will be asked to send a camera ready version of their manuscripts (notifications will be sent on 18 January, 2023  ) and the camera-ready deadline will be on 1 February, 2023  ). At least one author of each accepted work has to register for the conference not later than 27 February 2023,  attend the conference and present the work.  
 Presentation Details  
 Long talks: | Your work will be presented in a 20 minute talk followed by a 5 minute discussion round. We also encourage you to bring and present a poster in the poster session to take advantage of a more informal and direct feedback. 
 Important Dates  
 EvoApps Special Session Proposals   
  9 September 2022 AoE   
 Submission deadline   
  16 November 2022 AoE (extended)    
 Notification to authors   
  18 January 2023   
 Camera-ready submission   
  1 February 2023   
 Author’s mandatory registration   
  27 February 2023   
 Early registration deadline   
  1 March 2023   
 Late-Breaking Abstracts submission   
  2 April 2023   
 EvoStar Conference  
   12-14 April 2023  
 news  
  The instructions for poster preparation are now available | here | . 
  The registration fees and dates for online and onsite participants are now published at the | registration page | . 
  Welcome to the Evostar 2023 webpage!!! 
 Recent tweets  
