EuroVA     
 Skip to content    
 EuroVA 2024 | Program 2024 
  Keynote 2024 
  Call for Papers 2024 
  News 
  Previous Events | EuroVA 2023 | Call for Papers 2023 
  Program 2023 
  Keynote 2023 
  EuroVis and EuroVA Panels – Call for Input 
  EuroVA 2022 | Call for Papers 
  Call for Questions for Q+A 
  Program 2022 
  Keynote 2022 
  Best Paper Awards 2022 
  Virtual EuroVA Information 
   This year’s EuroVA best paper goes to:  
 Visual Analysis of Optical Coherence Tomography Data in Ophthalmology   
  Martin Röhlig, Paul Rosenthal, Christoph Schmidt, Heidrun Schumann, Oliver Stachs   
 Here are some quotes from the best paper jury:  
 “… scientific contributions are high and the results are very promising …”  
  “… important application domain …”  
  “… the paper presents interesting solutions …”  
  “The quality of the obtained results is impressive.”  
   We are happy to announce that Raimund Dachselt  will be giving this year’s EuroVA keynote  . Raimund will be talking about “ Natural Interaction for Enhancing Visual Analytics   “  .  
   We would like to thank all authors who submitted their work to EuroVA! This year, we received 17 submissions  . Each submission was carefully reviewed by three expert reviewers from our international program committee. Based on the reviews, we could accept 9 papers  unconditionally plus 4 conditionally  . (Update: All 4 have been accepted finally.)  
  Please note that we allow in this year’s EuroVA submission process single-blind and double-blind submissions.  
  Please note that the EuroVA deadlines have changed. The deadlines are now 10 days later:  
  A first draft of the Call for Submissions is online. New are the possibility to submit to a special section  , which will be on  interaction  this year, and to submit position papers  . More details on topics are in the call below. The important dates are not yet fully fixed.  
  We are happy to announce that the 8th edition of the EuroVA workshop will  
  about important dates, submission instructions, etc. will be available soon on this  
  webpage.  
 EUROVA – DESCRIPTION   
 CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS   
 EuroVA is an established workshop to present and discuss new ideas, methods and theories, interesting applications and designs, and studies of the use of Visual Analytics in practice.  
 The workshop will accept three paper types:  
 Research papers | present new unpublished concepts, methods, or techniques 
  Special session papers | focus on a topic of particular topic of interest 
  Evaluation of Visual Analytics techniques and procedures 
  Position Papers   
 Position papers are problem discussions or statements describing the author’s relevant experience and ideas in regards to Visual Analytics. Position papers will be selected according to their importance and relevance for the workshop topics and how well they will fit the planned discussions.  
 Important dates   
 Submission guidelines   
 Search for: 
  Related Websites | EuroVA Papers (EG Digital Library) 
  EuroVA Twitter 
  EuroVis 2023 
  VisMaster 
 EuroVA    
 Proudly powered by WordPress.