  Workshop Communities 
  Registration And Prices 
  Submission 
  Information Center | Location 
  Accomodation 
  Trainer Login 
 Home  About  — EuroSPI² Conferences  — EuroAsiaSPI² App  — Programme Commitee  — Publishers  — Ambassadors  — CSR  Programme  — Conference Programme  — Key Notes  — Social Events  — Associated Tech Days  Workshop  Registration  Submission  Download  Administration  — Reviewer Login  — PC Chair Login  — Registration Details  — Coordinator Page  — Trainer Login     
 SPI Manifesto 
 We believe that networking and creating research and business relationships is important to create a sustainable community for improvement and innovation. While the conference offers ideas, presentations, discussions, knowledge during the day, the social talks after the conference are equally important to establish trust and partnerships. We also believe that Europe integrates many regions with different cultures and to build European trust based partnerships we need to learn about the culture of regions. So please join the networking space and social events. 
  Key Notes  
 Key notes are plenary sessions by key experts from industry or research. Key notes (if accepted) are used to create key statements in the EuroSPI Youtube channel. We have every year 5 key notes from leading industry and research. Please visit our key notes page and the EuroSPI Youtube channel. We also invite key industry at the EuroSPI technology day, please visit our technology day page and download the free available presentations. 
  Workshop Communities  
 The thematic workshops allow leading industry and research to attend EuroAsiaSPI not only for a conference but also for a dedicated topic based workshop/training event. These workshop are dealing with hot topics and contain key papers and interactive sessions with open discussions. Participants work with the speakers to elaborate key statements to follow up in the next years workshops. The thematic workshops will be published as separate chapters in the annual SPRINGER book in the CCIS series. 
  EuroSPI as a Hybrid Event  
  Social Events  
  EuroSPI² Target Groups  
  EuroSPI Publishers  
  EuroSPI Award by SPRINGER Nature  
  ›   ‹     
 Registration  
 You can participate online and onsite, online participation has a reduced fee. 
  You may book one day, two days or all 3 days and select the preferred workshop streams of the day. 
  The registration includes proceedings, coffee breaks, lunch, and social event. 
  Pay with Mastercard, VISA and Paypal. 
  Go to Registration   
 Paper Submission  
 Research papers  and Thematic Industry/Applied Science  papers shall be 8-12 pages, and address the topics in the call. Extended papers will be invited for submission to cooperating journals. WILEY Journal of Software: Evolution and Process (Best Practices), IET Software (Gamification), JUCS (Cybersecurity).  
 Read More   
 Call for Research and Thematic Papers (Workshop Papers)  
 EuroSPI² 2024 (4 - 6 September 2024) will have 10 international thematic workshop streams supported by thematic topic communities. Each thematic stream integrates both, research sessions and industry / applied science sessions. The thematic streams will be a mix of pitch talks provoking discussions, full presentations and panel discussions which will focus on specific questions of interest. This year you can also submit papers to the partnering co-event of ICSSP  .  
 For the CALL FOR PAPERS  click here...   
 For the PAPER SUBMISSION  page click here...   
 Remember the Submission DEADLINE: 22 March 2024!   
 EuroSPI Publishers  
 read more...   
 EUROSPI Social Media & Networking  
 EuroSPI has a tradition of social events which introduce attendees to the history, culture and food of the region hosting the event. Impressions, videos and photos of the last years can be viewed on our website and on YouTube.  
 Click here to view last years photos.    
 1  
 Published Papers   
 If accepted, your paper will be published in the Springer CCIS Series  (research papers and industry / applied science papers). Selected extended papers will be published in the Wiley Journal of Software: Evolution and Process Series  (selected experience papers). Further extended papers will be invited to cooperating journals  .  
 2  
 3  
 Paper Awards   
 6  
 Business & Research Partners Gathering   
 You can meet business and research partners in an open social space at the EuroSPI² social event.  
 7  
 Contact Us!  
 EuroSPI Certificates & Services GesmbH   
  EuroAsiaSPI² 2024 Registration Office  
  Email: rmess@iscn.com    
 Local contact information     
 © 2024 EuroSPI GmbH