  Workshop Communities 
  Registration And Prices 
  Submission 
  Information Center | Location 
  Accomodation 
  Trainer Login 
 Home  About  — EuroSPI² Conferences  — EuroAsiaSPI² App  — Programme Commitee  — Publishers  — Ambassadors  — CSR  Programme  — Conference Programme  — Key Notes  — Social Events  — Associated Tech Days  Workshop  Registration  Submission  Download  Administration  — Reviewer Login  — PC Chair Login  — Registration Details  — Coordinator Page  — Trainer Login     
 SPI Manifesto 
  Conference Programme  
 The 2024 conference program has been published. See below!  
 EuroSPI² 2024 (4 - 6 September 2024) has 9 international thematic workshop streams supported by thematic topic communities. Each thematic stream integrates both, research sessions and industry / applied science sessions. The thematic streams are a mix of talks provoking discussions, full presentations and panel discussions which focus on specific questions of interest. In addition there is a half day about new research and industry project and funding proposal ideas. Some streams run longer than one day depending on the size of the community and contributions.  
 Each thematic workshop   covers specific thematic topics and mixes research and industry presentations/discussions on that specific topic.   
 Associated Technology Day - Pre-Conference Event (2 September 2024)  
 The associated technology day is a half day online event on 2 September 2024, with key note speakers presenting most recent developments. It can be attended free of cost. A link to the online conference will be published and the access to the presentations and discussions will be free. There are key note presentations  and content based webinar sessions  . Key note sessions are from leading industry or experts, and webinar sessions are presenting first and then using tools to which attendees can access in a gamified scenario. This pre-conference event on 2 September 2024 is free of cost.   
 See the technology day page  .  
 The EuroSPI 2024 Program (Joint EuroSPI and ICSSP 2024  event)  
 The conference has 5 parallel streams. This year the  ISSPA  joins forces and the ICSSP conference  will form a 5th stream of the EuroSPI conferebce. Attendees register for the whole event and can attend EuroSPI as well as the ICSSP stream. Each stream contains a mix of research and industry/applied science papers/presentations. Also each stream contains a mix of pitch talks (show key message and discuss) and full presentations. Also there will be one special session for discussing new funding proposals and finding partners for ideas. The future conference strategy of EuroSPI² is to gather core topics and build communities around the core thematic topics. Leading industry and research lead the thematic topic streams.  
 Also EuroSPI² continuously builds the SPI strategy and understanding in Europe and the world and continues to promote and develop the SPI Manifesto  .  
 Attendees can book single days, any combination of 2 days, or all 3 days.  
 You can access the Room Plan in the R building of Hochschule Munich  campus. You can download the <EuroSPI 2023 sessions and workshop assignment of rooms>.  
 04.09.2024   
  Opening by Hochschule München  
  EuroSPI Chair, Dr Richard Messnarz,  
  Stan Stutton, President of the ISSPA, USA, and Prof. Ita Richardson of UL and Lero, Ireland, General Chair of ICSSP 2024   
  Automotive Skills Alliance, Dr Jakub Stolfa, ASA Director,  
  iNTACS, Bernhard Sechser, Advisory Board Member,  
  Samer Sameh, EuroSPI Chair for ASA Cooperation   
 09.30 - 10.30   
 17.30-18.30   
 Buses will bring the attendees to the Rosenheimer Herbstfest   
  Note: To reach the beer festival and not lose the places we must leave at 17.30 with the busses (sorry for that short transfer time, but later reservations are not possible because the festival is so well known that other people/groups/tourists will compete/pay/invest for the places onsite). The buses are directly in front of the building. You can either store your bags at the conference location (locked till next morning), or you can take them to the bus and you will have the same bus on the journey back. Have a nice typical Bavarian festival, if possible in Lederhosen!  
 18.30 - 22.00   
 11.00 - 12.00   
 -R1.004   
 EuroSPI - Tech Day Summary - Reflecting and discussing the Tech Day Contributions (Tools, Methods, Approaches)  
  Gerhard Griessnig, AVL, Austria, Jorn Johansen, Whitebox, Denmark, Laura Aschbacher, EuroSPI, Austria, Damjan Ekert, ISCN, Austria   
 13.15 - 14.00   
  Plenary: An outllook to the future EuroSPI Conference, Academy, Certificates and Service Eco-System - A Vision of Future SPI  , Dr Richard Messnarz, sharing a vision, EuroSPI    
 14.00 - 14.30   
 Rory O Connor Paper Award and Best Paper Award together with USA partnership.   
 Join us via Youtube    Join us via LinkedIn      
 © 2024 EuroSPI GmbH