  Around Campus 
  CCS supports the EUSPN International Conference in Various Capacities  
 Feb 19 2024   
 The College of Computer Studies (CCS) supported and made marks at the 14th International Conference on Emerging Ubiquitous Systems and Pervasive Networks (EUSPN) in Almaty, Kazakhstan.  
  Dr. Roderick Tabalba, University of Hawaii at Manoa, United States 
  Dr. May Marie P. Talandron-Felipe, University of Science and Technology of Southern Philippines Philippines 
  The team successfully conducted their roles by reviewing submitted papers and recommending the acceptance/rejection based on the submitted paper’s quality by aspiring researchers wishing to join the conference.  
 On the other hand, the undergraduate paper entitled: “Bundle AI: An Application of Multiple Constraint Knapsack Problem (MCKP) Through Genetic Algorithm” was accepted by the EUSPN conference under the Adaptive Systems, Intelligent Computing, and Applications (AISICA) Track. The authors are Angel Nicole Carloman, Urel Van William Bermudo, and Eires Marc Estilloso, all BS Computer Science students.  
 Meanwhile, a paper entitled “Vaccimon Device: A Design and Development of Vaccine Carrier Monitoring Device for COVID-19 Vaccines” is under review at the 13th International Conference on Current and Future Trends of Information and Communication Technologies in Healthcare (ICTH 2023), a collocated conference with EUSPN 2023. Even though the paper status is still under review, none of the five reviewers rejected the paper. The paper is part of the thesis output from a graduating MS Computer Applications student, Paul Harriet Asinero.  
 All the submitted papers are the product of the students with their mentor and adviser, Dr. Orven E. Llantos. With these contributions, it is expected that the CCS will increase the research productivity output while also showing the capacity of the CCS as a Program Chair in international conferences—the CCS way of influencing the future.  
  Over 9k students take the 2024 MSU-SASE in IIT 
  Biology graduate student wins Best Paper Presentation Award during the 2024 ICCBS in Tokyo 
  BS Philosophy student receives the AFP ROTC Male Cadet of the Year title 
  MSU-IIT welcomes international co-teachers for Computer Science and Information Systems 
 msuiit.edu.ph 
  feedback 
  news submission guidelines 
  To submit news, send them to opi@g.msuiit.edu.ph    
