  Soft Computing Applied to Games 
  Surrogate-Assisted Evolutionary Optimisation 
  EvoCOP 
  EvoMUSART 
  Joint Track on Evolutionary Machine Learning 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Submit | Submit Paper 
  Camera-Ready Paper 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Important Dates 
  Accepted contributions | EuroGP Accepted Papers 
  EvoAPPS Accepted Papers 
  EvoCOP Accepted Papers 
  EvoMUSART Accepted Papers 
  Evolutionary Machine Learning Accepted Papers 
  Best paper nominations | EuroGP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoAPPs Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoCOP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoMUSART Best Paper Nominees 
  Participants | Registration 
  Preparing your online poster 
  Students | Student Welcome Reception 
  Student Workshop 
  The Great EvoStar Scavenger Hunt 2023 
  EvoStar Outstanding Students 
  Outstanding Students of 2023 
  Local information | About Brno 
  Venue 
  Accomodation 
   The 23rd European Conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation is a multidisciplinary conference that brings together researchers working on applications and theory of evolutionary computation methods and other metaheuristics for solving difficult combinatorial optimisation problems appearing in various industrial, economic, and scientific domains.  
 Successfully solved problems include, but are not limited to, multi-objective, uncertain, dynamic and stochastic problems in the context of scheduling, timetabling, network design, transportation and distribution, vehicle routing, stringology, graphs, satisfiability, energy optimisation, cutting, packing, planning and search-based software engineering.  
 The EvoCOP 2023 conference will be held together with EuroGP (the 26th European Conference on Genetic Programming), EvoMUSART (the 12th European conference on evolutionary and biologically inspired music, sound, art and design) and EvoApplications (the 26th European Conference on the Applications of Evolutionary Computation), in a joint event collectively known as EvoStar (Evo*).  
 Accepted papers will be published by Springer Nature in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Previous proceedings can be found in the EvoCOP Conference Proceedings in SpringerLink  .  
 Download the CFP in PDF  .  
 NEW:   The proceedings of EvoCOP 2023 are available following this link  .  
 Conference Chairs  
 Leslie Pérez-Cáceres | Pontificia Universidad Católica de Valparaíso, Chile | leslie.perez(at)pucv.cl 
  Thomas Stützle | Université Libre de Bruxelles, Belgium | stuetzle(at)ulb.ac.be 
  Areas of Interest and Contributions   
 EvoCOP welcomes submissions in all experimental and theoretical aspects of evolutionary computation and other metaheuristics to combinatorial optimisation problems, including (but not limited to) the following areas:  
 Applications of metaheuristics to combinatorial optimization problems 
  Theoretical developments 
  Hyper-heuristics and autonomous search 
  Surrogate-model-based methods 
  Notice that, by tradition, continuous/numerical optimisation is *not* part of the topics of interest of EvoCOP. Interested authors might consider submitting to other EvoStar conferences such as EvoApplications.  
 Submission Details  
 Paper submissions must be original and not published elsewhere. The submissions will be peer reviewed by members of the program committee. The reviewing process will be double-blind, please omit information about the authors in the submitted paper  . Submit your manuscript in Springer LNCS format  .  
 Page limit:  16 pages  
 The authors of accepted papers will have to improve their paper on the The authors of accepted papers will have to improve their paper on the basis of the reviewers’ comments and will be asked to send a camera ready version of their manuscripts (notifications will be sent on 18 January, 2023  and the camera-ready deadline will be on 1 February, 2023  ). At least one author of each accepted work has to register for the conference not later than 27 February 2023  , attend the conference and present the work.  
 Programme Committee  
 Richard Allmendinger  , The University of Manchester  
 Important Dates  
 EvoApps Special Session Proposals   
  9 September 2022 AoE   
 Submission deadline   
  16 November 2022 AoE (extended)    
 Notification to authors   
  18 January 2023   
 Camera-ready submission   
  1 February 2023   
 Author’s mandatory registration   
  27 February 2023   
 Early registration deadline   
  1 March 2023   
 Late-Breaking Abstracts submission   
  2 April 2023   
 EvoStar Conference  
   12-14 April 2023  
 news  
  The instructions for poster preparation are now available | here | . 
  The registration fees and dates for online and onsite participants are now published at the | registration page | . 
  Welcome to the Evostar 2023 webpage!!! 
 Recent tweets  
