 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Mathematics 
  European Conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation 
 European Conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation  
   Brno, Czech Republic  
   Conference Dates: Apr 12, 2023 - Apr 14, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 EvoCOP welcomes submissions in all experimental and theoretical aspects of evolutionary computation and other metaheuristics to combinatorial optimisation problems, including (but not limited to) the following areas:  
  Applications of metaheuristics to combinatorial optimization problems  
  Surrogate-model-based methods   
 Overview  
 Top Research Topics at European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization?  
  Evolutionary algorithm (29.21%) 
  European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization primarily focuses on research topics in Mathematical optimization, Evolutionary algorithm, Algorithm, Combinatorial optimization and Local search (optimization). The Mathematical optimization study featured in the event draws connections with the study of Benchmark (computing). Aside from discussions in Evolutionary algorithm, the event also deals with the subject of Multi-objective optimization which intersects with Pareto principle disciplines.  
 European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization features studies on Algorithm, including topics such as Travelling salesman problem. The studies in Combinatorial optimization featured incorporate elements of Theoretical computer science, Graph theory, Memetic algorithm, Solver and Search algorithm. While work presented in European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization provided substantial information on Local search (optimization), it also covered topics in Beam search, Best-first search and Vehicle routing problem.  
 It explores topics in Metaheuristic which can be helpful for research in disciplines like Ant colony optimization algorithms, Simulated annealing, Tabu search and Heuristic (computer science). The event addresses concerns in Genetic algorithm which are intertwined with other disciplines, such as Crossover and Artificial intelligence. The studies on Heuristics discussed can also contribute to research in the domains of Machine learning and Heuristic.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization:  
 The conference articles mainly deal with areas of study such as Mathematical optimization, Evolutionary algorithm, Combinatorial optimization, Algorithm and Local search (optimization). The conference papers focus on Mathematical optimization as well as the interrelated topics of Vehicle routing problem. The most cited publications focus on Evolutionary algorithm but the discussions also offer insight into other areas such as Genetic algorithm, Multi-objective optimization, Heuristic (computer science) and Benchmark (computing).  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
  Mathematical optimization 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization generally zeroes in on subjects such as Mathematical optimization, Heuristics, Evolutionary algorithm, Job shop scheduling and Algorithm. The studies tackled, which mainly focus on Mathematical optimization, apply to Benchmark (computing) as well. The research on Heuristics tackled can also make contributions to studies in the areas of Steiner tree problem and Heuristic.  
 The event focuses on Evolutionary algorithm but sometimes tackles the closely related topic of Mutation (genetic algorithm) which is concerned with Order (ring theory), Fitness function, Linear function (calculus), Arbitrarily large and Exponential function. The featured Job shop scheduling studies mainly concentrate on Heuristic (computer science) but also cover areas of interest in Simulated annealing, Linear programming and Ant colony optimization algorithms. The subject of Genetic programming, which is connected to the field of Algorithm configuration, serves as the foundation of the Algorithm research featured in the conference.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
 Stagnation Detection with Randomized Local Search (9 citations) 
  A Cooperative Optimization Approach for Distributing Service Points in Mobility Applications (2 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 Top authors and change over time  
 The top authors publishing at European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Günther R. Raidl | (16 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Gabriela Ochoa | (12 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Mengjie Zhang | (10 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Christian Blum | (9 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Peter I. Cowling | (8 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
 Top affiliations and change over time  
 Only papers with recognized affiliations are considered   
 The top affiliations publishing at European conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimization (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Vienna University of Technology | (21 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  University of Málaga | (15 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 
  University of Stirling | (13 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Victoria University of Wellington | (11 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  university of lille | (11 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
   Previous Editions  
 The 21st European Conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation   
 Seville, Spain  
 The 22nd European Conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation   
 Apr 20, 2022 - Apr 22, 2022  
 Seville, Spain  
 European Conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation   
 Apr 12, 2023 - Apr 14, 2023  
 Brno, Czech Republic  
  Delaware Psychology Licensure Requirements – How to Become a Psychologist in Delaware in 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 European Conference on Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
