  Surrogate-Assisted Evolutionary Optimisation 
  EvoCOP 
  EvoMUSART 
  Joint Track on Evolutionary Machine Learning 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Submit | Submit Paper 
  Camera-Ready Paper 
  Late-Breaking Abstracts 
  Important Dates 
  EvoAPPS Accepted Papers 
  EvoCOP Accepted Papers 
  EvoMUSART Accepted Papers 
  Evolutionary Machine Learning Accepted Papers 
  Best paper nominations | EuroGP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoAPPs Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoCOP Best Paper Nominees 
  EvoMUSART Best Paper Nominees 
  Participants | Registration 
  Preparing your online poster 
  Students | Student Welcome Reception 
  Student Workshop 
  The Great EvoStar Scavenger Hunt 2023 
  EvoStar Outstanding Students 
  Outstanding Students of 2023 
  Local information | About Brno 
  Venue 
  Accomodation 
   The 12th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Music, Sound, Art and Design (EvoMUSART) 2023 is a multidisciplinary conference that brings together researchers who are working on the application of Artificial Intelligence techniques in creative and artist fields.  
 There is a growing interest in the application of Artificial Neural Networks, Evolutionary Computation, Swarm Intelligence, Cellular Automata, Alife, and other Artificial Intelligence techniques in fields such as: visual art and music generation, analysis, and interpretation; sound synthesis; architecture; video; poetry; design; and other creative tasks. Therefore, the use of Artificial Intelligence in such creative domains became a significant and exciting area of research. EvoMUSART provides the opportunity to present, discuss and promote innovative contributions and ongoing work in the area.  
 Download the CFP in PDF  .  
 NEW:   The proceedings of EvoMUSART 2023 are available following this link  .  
 Conference Chairs  
 Colin Johnson | University of Nottingham, United Kingdom | Colin.Johnson(at)nottingham.ac.uk 
  Studies on the applicability of these techniques to related areas; 
  New models designed to promote the creative potential of biologically inspired computation. 
  EvoMUSART Index  
 Submission Details  
 Paper limit:  16 pages  
 Important Dates  
 EvoApps Special Session Proposals   
  9 September 2022 AoE   
 Submission deadline   
  16 November 2022 AoE (extended)    
 Notification to authors   
  18 January 2023   
 Camera-ready submission   
  1 February 2023   
 Author’s mandatory registration   
  27 February 2023   
 Early registration deadline   
  1 March 2023   
 Late-Breaking Abstracts submission   
  2 April 2023   
 EvoStar Conference  
   12-14 April 2023  
 news  
  The instructions for poster preparation are now available | here | . 
  The registration fees and dates for online and onsite participants are now published at the | registration page | . 
  Welcome to the Evostar 2023 webpage!!! 
 Recent tweets  
