  Sustainability 
  ESOP 
  FASE 
  FoSSaCS 
  TACAS 
  Policies 
  Disclaimer 
  Awards | Best Paper 
  Test of Time 
  Doctoral Dissertation 
 Log in | Join us      
 FASE  Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering  
 FASE is an established series of international conferences on Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering with more than 30 years of tradition.   
 Conference Name and History  
 Scope of Interest  
 FASE has a broad scope of interest.  
 As the field of the Software Engineering is broad, the scope of FASE is broad as well, including requirements, design architecture, modeling, refactoring, software transformation, generation and synthesis, test verification, validation, development methods and processes (agile), and so on. Thanks to its origins FASE has been traditionally focused primarily on formal models and methods, often involving reasoning about code, design, and the associated processes. However, these are not the only topics of interest. Agile methods, object-orientation search-based software engineering have been discussed in the past. Crucially, the letter “F” in FASE stands for “fundamental” not formal, and all research asking basic foundational questions about developing software is welcomed.  
 FASE is strongly affected by new developments in the technical landscape: AI and machine learning, security, block chain, quantum computing. FASE will continue to shift its interest along with the needs of the society and the interests of the research community. Wherever we go, we will continue asking what are the principles of developing systems in these areas, and what techniques help to reason about them, supporting new engineering methods and tools.  
 25 Anniversary Celebration  
 In 2022, FASE celebrated its 25 anniversary. Watch the talk of Gabriele Taentzer and Eduard Kamburjan about the conference history!  
  Sorry, your browser does not support the video tag.    
 For more details please visit the current conference | website | . 
  For the past proceedings of FASE visit | this page | . 
  For the past proceedings of TAPSOFT visit | this page | . 
  Follow FASE on Twitter 
 Steering Committee  
