  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Double-Blind Guidance 
  Author Response Advice 
    Call for Posters and WiPs 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  21st USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies  
 February 21–23, 2023   
 Santa Clara, CA, USA   
 Sponsored by USENIX in cooperation with ACM SIGOPS   
   Thanks to those who joined us for the 21st USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST '23). We hope you enjoyed the event.  
 FAST brings together storage-system researchers and practitioners to explore new directions in the design, implementation, evaluation, and deployment of storage systems.  
 As part of our commitment to open access to research, the full proceedings and presentation slides are free and open to the public on the technical sessions page  . Videos are posted within a few weeks of the end of the event.  
 Registration Information  
 Early Bird Registration Deadline: Monday, February 6, 2023.   
 See the Registration Information page  for details.  
 Authors and Speakers  
 Please contact the Conference Department  for registration information.  
 Discounts  
 In addition to our member discounts  , USENIX offers several discounts  to help you to attend FAST '23.  
 Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  
 Please review USENIX's Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  prior to registering for the event. We appreciate your willingness to help safeguard your fellow event attendees and respect their personal safety choices.  
 We encourage you to learn more about USENIX's values  and how we put them into practice at our conferences.  
 Accessibility Requests  
 USENIX is committed to ensuring that our meetings are fully accessible to all attendees. Visit our Accessibility information page  to find out about options and how to make a request. To ensure that we meet your needs, please make your request by Friday, February 3, 2023  . We cannot guarantee that we can meet requests received after this date, although we will make every reasonable effort to do so.  
 Refunds and Cancellations  
 The cancellation deadline is Monday, February 13, 2023  . Please review the USENIX Registration Substitution and Cancellation Policy  for more information.  
 Venue  
 Hotel Discount Deadline: Monday, February 6, 2023   
 Special Attendee Room Rate  
 The group rate is available until February 6, 2023,  or until the block sells out, whichever occurs first. After this date, contact the hotel directly to inquire about room availability.  
 Parking  
 About FAST '23  
 Conference Policies   
  Code of Conduct   
 Conference Sponsorship  
 The acceptance of any organization as a sponsor does not imply explicit or implicit approval by USENIX of the donor organization’s values or actions. In addition, sponsorship does not provide any control over conference program content. Questions? Contact the Sponsorship Department  .  
 Attend | Registration Information 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Double-Blind Guidance 
  Author Response Advice 
  Call for Posters and WiPs 
  Instructions for Presenters 
