  Sponsors in Kind | Call for Papers  
  Financial Cryptography and Data Security 2023  
 Twenty-Seventh International Conference  
  May 1–5, 2023  
  Bluesun Hotel Elaphusa   
  Bol, Brač, Croatia  
 Important Dates  
 Paper submission | October 19, 2022 
 Paper notification | January 19, 2023 
 Workshop and tutorial submission | October 1, 2022 (for full consideration;  
  later submissions considered on rolling basis) 
 Workshop and tutorial notification | October 15, 2022 (for on-time submissions) 
 Panel and poster submission | January 26, 2023 
 Panel and poster notification | February 8, 2023 
 Final pre-proceedings papers | February 28, 2023 
 Conference | May 1–5, 2023 
  Web security 
  Zero-knowledge proofs 
  Submission  
 Contributions are sought in the following categories:  
  Posters | (1 page). 
 Research paper submissions must be uploaded through the conference submission website  .  
 Click here to submit a paper   
 Workshop and tutorial proposals should be sent by email to fc23workshops@ifca.ai  , and panel proposals and posters by email to fc23chair@ifca.ai  , and should not be anonymized. For more details, see the corresponding sections below.  
 General Information  
 For each accepted paper/poster the conference requires at least one registration at the general or academic rate, and paper authors must sign the IFCA copyright form  when submitting the final version. Alternatively individual papers can be published as fully open access—the publisher charges authors a fee for this.  
 Format  
 Papers must be formatted in standard LNCS format ( templates  ) and submitted as PDF files. Submissions in other formats will be rejected. All papers must be submitted electronically according to the instructions and forms found here and at the submission site.  
 Anonymous Submission  
 Regular and short research paper submissions as well as SoKs must be anonymized with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgments, or obvious references. Failure to properly anonymize submitted papers is grounds for a desk rejection without review. It is acceptable (but by no means required) for submitted papers to be published online in non-anonymous form (e.g., on authors' websites or archives like the Cryptology ePrint Archive or arXiv.org). Program committee members will be instructed not to actively seek to de-anonymize papers.  
 Original Submissions  
 Authors may submit only work that does not substantially overlap with work that is currently submitted or has been accepted for publication to any other peer-reviewed conference/workshop with proceedings or a journal. We consider double submission serious research fraud and will treat it as such. Note that it is acceptable for papers to appear in non-peer-reviewed formats (for example, as technical reports or in online archives such as ePrint). In case of doubt contact the program chairs for any clarifications.  
 Authors are also required to read and follow information on ethics and etiquette  .  
 Conflict of Interest  
 Authors must report in the submission site any conflicts with program committee members. A conflict exists if an author has the same affiliation as a committee member, has ever acted as their PhD supervisor or been supervised by them, or if they have been co-authors on a paper within the past two years.  
 Resubmission to Affiliated Workshops  
 Papers that are submitted but ultimately not accepted to the main conference may be considered for acceptance at one of the associated workshops. If you would like to take advantage of this, please indicate this preference when submitting your paper.  
 Evaluation Criteria  
 Regular Research Papers  
 Research papers should describe novel, previously unpublished scientific contributions to the field, and they will be subject to rigorous peer review. Accepted submissions will be included in the conference proceedings to be published in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Submissions are limited to 15 pages in standard LNCS format excluding references and appendices. A total page restriction may apply for the printed proceedings version. Committee members are not required to read the appendices so the full papers should be intelligible without them.  
 Short Papers  
 Short papers are also subject to peer review; however, the intention is to encourage authors to introduce work in progress, novel applications, and corporate/industrial experiences. Short papers will be evaluated with a focus on novelty and potential for sparking participants' interest and future research avenues. Short paper submissions are limited to 8 pages in standard LNCS format, excluding references. The title for short papers must begin with the text "Short Paper:". Accepted submissions will be included in the conference proceedings. The authors of some submissions not accepted as regular research papers may be offered the option of acceptance as a short paper.  
 Systematization of Knowledge Papers  
 We also solicit Systematization of Knowledge (SoK) papers. To be suitable for publication, SoK articles must provide an added value beyond a literature review, such as novel insights, identification of research gaps, or challenges to commonly held assumptions. SoK paper submissions are limited to 20 pages in standard LNCS format excluding references and appendices. Accepted submissions will be included in the conference proceedings. A total page restriction may apply for the printed proceedings version. Committee members are not required to read the appendices, so the full papers should be intelligible without them. The paper title for systematization of knowledge papers must begin with the text "SoK:".  
 Workshop Proposals  
 Proposals for workshops to be held in connection with the conference are solicited. A workshop can be a full day or half day in length.  
 Workshop proposals should include:  
 Title 
  (Draft) Call for papers 
  Brief summary and justification, including how it would fit into the greater FC scope 
  (Tentative) Program Committee and its chair(s) 
  One-paragraph biographies for key organizers, the expected (or previous, if the workshop has been held in previous years) number of submissions, participants and acceptance rates 
  Workshop proposals must not be anonymous and should be sent to fc23workshops@ifca.ai  . Proposals received after the submission deadline will be considered on a rolling basis for any remaining slots.  
 Tutorials  
 Proposals for tutorials to be given in connection with the conference are solicited. A tutorial can be a full day or half day in length.  
 Tutorial proposals should include:  
 Title 
  Brief biographies for all presenters 
  Information about previous tutorials given by the presenter(s) 
  Tutorial proposals must not be anonymous and should be sent to fc23workshops@ifca.ai  (the same address as for workshop proposals). Proposals received after the submission deadline will be considered on a rolling basis for any remaining slots.  
 Panel Proposals  
 Panel Proposals should include a brief description of the panel topics, as well as of the prospective panelists. Accepted panel sessions will be presented at the conference. Please feel free to contact us directly if you would like to further discuss the suitability of a certain topic. Panel submissions must not be anonymous and should be up to 2 pages, sent to fc23chair@ifca.ai  .  
 Posters  
 The poster session is the perfect venue to share a provocative opinion, interesting established or preliminary work, or a cool idea that will spark discussion. Poster presenters will benefit from a multi-hour session to discuss their work, get exposure, and receive feedback from attendees.  
 Poster submissions should be a 1-page abstract (in the same LNCS format) describing the poster. Please keep in mind that the poster deadline is later than the main paper notification deadline. Poster proposals must not be anonymous and should be sent to fc23chair@ifca.ai  .  
 Rump Session  
 The conference will also include the popular "rump session" held on one of the evenings in an informal, social atmosphere. The rump session is a program of short (5 minutes), informal presentations on works in progress, off-the-cuff ideas, and any other matters pertinent to the conference. Any conference attendee is welcome to submit a presentation to the Rump Session Chair (to be announced at the conference). This submission should consist of a talk title, the name of the presenter, and, if desired, a very brief abstract. Submissions may be sent via e-mail or submitted in person in the morning on the day of the session.  
 Program Chairs  
 Aviv Zohar | The Hebrew University 
 This conference is organized annually by the International Financial Cryptography Association  . | Paper submission | October 19, 2022 | Paper notification | January 19, 2023 | Workshop and tutorial submission | October 1, 2022 (for full consideration;  
 Paper submission | October 19, 2022 
 Paper notification | January 19, 2023 
 Workshop and tutorial submission | October 1, 2022 (for full consideration;  
  later submissions considered on rolling basis) 
 Workshop and tutorial notification | October 15, 2022 (for on-time submissions) 
 Panel and poster submission | January 26, 2023 
 Panel and poster notification | February 8, 2023 
 Final pre-proceedings papers | February 28, 2023 
 Conference | May 1–5, 2023 
 Foteini Baldimtsi | George Mason University 
