Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2023 International Workshops | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menu   Disciplines Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automotive    Business IT + Informatics    Construction + Real Estate    Electrical Engineering + Electronics    Energy + Sustainability    Insurance + Risk    Finance + Banking    Management + Leadership    Marketing + Sales    Mechanical Engineering + Materials      
 Events       
 Read chapter  Read first chapter     
 Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2023 International Workshops  
 Voting, CoDecFin, DeFi, WTSC, Bol, Brač, Croatia, May 5, 2023, Revised Selected Papers  
 Editors: Aleksander Essex, Shin'ichiro Matsuo, Oksana Kulyk, Lewis Gudgeon, Ariah Klages-Mundt, Daniel Perez, Sam Werner, Andrea Bracciali, Geoff Goodell   
 About this book  
 ​This book constitutes the revised selected papers from the workshops affiliated with the 27th International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security, FC 2023, which took place in Bol, Brač, Croatia, in May 2023. The 7 full papers presented in this book were carefully reviewed and selected from 18 submissions. They stem from the following workshops:CoDecFin 2022: 3rd Workshop on Coordination of Decentralized Finance  
  DeFi 2022: 2nd Workshop on Decentralized FinanceVoting 2022: 7th Workshop on Advances in Secure Electronic VotingWTSC 2022: 6th Workshop on Trusted Smart Contracts  
 On the Auditability of the Estonian IVXV System  
  And an Attack on Individual Verifiability   
 The development and auditing processes around electronic voting implementations are much too often deficient; this is particularly true for the measures taken to prevent cryptographic errors – potentially with grave consequences for security. To mitigate this, it is common to make the code public in order to allow independent experts to help uncover such flaws.In this paper we present our experiences looking at the IVXV system used for municipal and national elections in Estonia as well as European parliament elections. It appears that, despite the code being public for over five years, the cryptographic protocol has not seen much scrutiny at the code level. We describe in detail the (lack of) auditability and incentives which have contributed to this situation. We also present a previously unknown vulnerability which contradicts the claimed individual verifiability of the system; this vulnerability should be patched in the next version of IVXV system.  
 Anggrio Sutopo, Thomas Haines, Peter Roenne   
 Private Internet Voting on Untrusted Voting Devices  
  This paper introduces a new cryptographic Internet voting protocol, which offers individual verifiability and vote privacy even on completely untrustworthy voting devices. The core idea is to minimize the voting client to a simple device capable of scanning a QR code, sending its content to the web server of the included URL, and displaying a response message to the voter. Today, QR code scanners are pre-installed into mobile devices, and users are familiar to using them for many different purposes. By reducing the voting client to an existing functionality of the voters’ personal device, the implementation of the protocol is simplified significantly compared to other protocols. The protocol itself can be seen as a variant of Chaum’s code voting scheme with an elegant solution to the problem of distributing the trust to multiple authorities. The approach is based on BLS signatures and verifiable mix-nets. It relies on trustworthy printing and mailing services during the election setup.  
 Rolf Haenni, Reto E. Koenig, Philipp Locher   
 Risk-Limiting Audits for Condorcet Elections  
  Elections where electors rank the candidates (or a subset of the candidates) in order of preference allow the collection of more information about the electors’ intent. The most widely used election of this type is Instant-Runoff Voting (IRV), where candidates are eliminated one by one, until a single candidate holds the majority of the remaining ballots. Condorcet elections treat the election as a set of simultaneous decisions about each pair of candidates. The Condorcet winner is the candidate who beats all others in these pairwise contests. There are various proposals to determine a winner if no Condorcet winner exists. In this paper we show how we can efficiently audit Condorcet elections for a number of variations. We also compare the audit efficiency (how many ballots we expect to sample) of IRV and Condorcet elections.  
 Michelle Blom, Peter J. Stuckey, Vanessa Teague, Damjan Vukcevic   
 Proposal of Principles of DeFi Disclosure and Regulation  
  This paper proposes eight principles for DeFi disclosure and regulation based on the implications from the key challenges, risks, and questions. Such implications include Innovation Trilemma, whether a DeFi constitutes the “financial service” which participants are subject to consumer/investor protection needs to be considered, regulations from the perspective of systemic risk and anti-money laundering, establishment of a disclosure system and enforcement framework suitable for the characteristics of DeFi and crypto-assets. Creating a common disclosure platform in which national authorities and international standard-setting bodies could participate and give authority would be desirable. Such a framework would provide basic information regarding a DeFi, such as disclosure of data, governance mechanisms, token information, as well as information on audits, etc., and it would be a convenient way to check for compliance as well. Designing an appropriate common disclosure platform, that also considers participants’ incentive structure, is very challenging and will be the subject of further research.  
 Tomonori Yuyama, Ken Katayama, Paul Brigner   
 An Intrinsic Mechanism Deciding Hash Rates from Bitcoin Price  
  This paper presents a new theoretical approach to analyzing the relationship between Bitcoin’s market price and its mining cost, aiming to substantiate the self-sustaining nature of Bitcoin’s security.Previous empirical studies reveal a long-term correlation between price and cost, while shorter-term analysis often reveals significant divergences, particularly during price bubbles. The correlation between price and cost is a critical feature for the safe confirmation of transactions and suggests that the crypto asset has a fundamental value. On the other hand, divergences, which yield profit for miners, should serve as a factor that encourages organized mining operations, raising the mining cost and thereby enhancing Bitcoin’s security. Thus, Bitcoin’s security seems organically maintained by an interplay of correlation and recurring divergences. Understanding the dynamics of mining costs and the mechanism driving the correlation and divergences between price and cost is essential for comprehending Bitcoin’s security and how it is sustained.By leveraging recursive methods in economics, this paper introduces a new theoretical model in which the rational decisions of miners determine mining costs. According to this model, the proof-of-work (PoW) mechanism combined with fluctuating Bitcoin price drives the long-term correlation and recurring divergences between price and cost. It demonstrates a rationale for the self-sustainability of Bitcoin’s security.  
 Go Yamamoto   
 Policy Design of Retail Central Bank Digital Currencies: Embedding AML/CFT Compliance  
  This paper provides a foundation on how to ensure effective and efficient Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Combating the Financing of Terrorism (CFT) compliance measures in the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) system, focusing particularly on the retail CBDC in a two-tiered system. By examining the existing AML/CFT practices and those implemented in newly launched CBDC projects, we build a policy framework of AML/CFT measures that should be embedded in the CBDC system to enhance compliance. The most common enforcement of AML/CFT measures associated with CBDC balances assumes the form of transaction amount or holding amount limits based on the level of Know-Your-Customer (KYC) findings. In this paper, we examine practices beyond the initial KYC measures and explore the processes of on-boarding and on-going customer due diligence, transaction analysis and evaluation, decision making and reporting to the Financial Investigation Unit (FIU).  
 Michi Kakebayashi, Gerard P. Presto, Tomonori Yuyama   
 Extended Abstract: The Effect of Trading Fees on Arbitrage Profits in Automated Market Makers  
  We consider the impact of trading fees on the profits of arbitrageurs trading against an automated marker marker (AMM) or, equivalently, on the adverse selection incurred by liquidity providers due to arbitrage. We extend the model of Milionis et al. [1] for a general class of two asset AMMs to both introduce fees and discrete Poisson block generation times. In our setting, we are able to compute the expected instantaneous rate of arbitrage profit in closed form. When the fees are low, in the fast block asymptotic regime, the impact of fees takes a particularly simple form: fees simply scale down arbitrage profits by the fraction of time that an arriving arbitrageur finds a profitable trade.  
 Jason Milionis, Ciamac C. Moallemi, Tim Roughgarden   
 Short Squeeze in DeFi Lending Market: Decentralization in Jeopardy?  
  Anxiety levels in the Aave community spiked in November 2022 as Avi Eisenberg performed an attack on Aave. Eisenberg attempted to short the CRV token by using funds borrowed on the protocol to artificially deflate the value of CRV. While the attack was ultimately unsuccessful, it left the Aave community scared and even raised question marks regarding the feasibility of large lending platforms under decentralized governance.In this work, we analyze Avi Eisenberg’s actions and show how he was able to artificially lower the price of CRV by selling large quantities of borrowed CRV for stablecoins on both decentralized and centralized exchanges. Despite the failure of his attack, it still led to irretrievable debt worth more than 1.5 Mio USD at the time and, thereby, quadrupled the protocol’s irretrievable debt. Furthermore, we highlight that his attack was enabled by the vast proportion of CRV available to borrow as well as Aave’s lending protocol design hindering rapid intervention. We stress Eisenberg’s attack exposes a predicament of large DeFi lending protocols: limit the scope or compromise on ‘decentralization’.  
 Lioba Heimbach, Eric Schertenleib, Roger Wattenhofer   
 FlexiPCN: Flexible Payment Channel Network  
  Payment Channel Network (PCN) is a widely recognized and effective off-chain solution used to reduce on-chain operational costs. PCN is designed to address the scalability challenge and throughput issues in permissionless blockchains. Though transaction throughput is improved, many issues remain, like no flexibility, channel exhaustion, poor sustainability, etc. A separate deposit is required for each payment channel between two users, which locks a substantial amount of coins for a long period of time. Therefore, the flexibility to move these locked coins across channels is impossible through off-chain. Moreover, the channels get exhausted due to unbalanced (unidirectional) transfer. This causes the channel to become unsustainable (dead) until the PCN is rebalanced. This work presents a novel payment protocol called Flexible Payment Channel Networks (FlexiPCN), which allows users to deposit coins per user rather than per channel. So, users can move coins flexibly from one channel to another without the help of the blockchain or setting the cycle off-chain. FlexiPCN has been proven to be secure under the Universal Composability framework.  
 Susil Kumar Mohanty, Somanath Tripathy   
 Consolidation of Ground Truth Sets for Weakness Detection in Smart Contracts  
  Smart contracts are small programs on the blockchain that often handle valuable assets. Vulnerabilities in smart contracts can be costly, as time has shown over and over again. Countermeasures are high in demand and include best practice recommendations as well as tools supporting development, program verification, and post-deployment analysis. Many tools focus on detecting the absence or presence of a subset of the known vulnerabilities, delivering results of varying quality. Most comparative tool evaluations resort to selecting a handful of tools and testing them against each other. In the best case, the evaluation is based on a smallish ground truth. For Ethereum, there are commendable efforts by several author groups to manually classify contracts. However, a comprehensive ground truth is still lacking.In this work, we construct a ground truth based on publicly available benchmark sets for Ethereum smart contracts with manually checked ground truth data. We develop a method to unify these sets. Additionally, we devise strategies for matching entries that pertain to the same contract, such that we can determine overlaps and disagreements between the sets and consolidate the disagreements. Finally, we assess the quality of the included ground truth sets. Our work reduces inconsistencies, redundancies, and incompleteness while increasing the number of data points and their heterogeneity.  
 Monika di Angelo, Gernot Salzer   
 The Principal–Agent Problem in Liquid Staking  
  Proof-of-stake systems require stakers to lock up their funds in order to participate in consensus validation. This leads to capital inefficiency, as locked capital cannot be invested in Decentralized Finance (DeFi). Liquid staking rewards stakers with fungible tokens in return for staking their assets. These fungible tokens can in turn be reused in the DeFi economy. However, liquid staking introduces unexpected risks, as all delegated stake is now fungible. This exacerbates the already existing Principal–Agent problem faced during any delegation, in which the interests of the delegator (the Principal) are not aligned with the interests of the validator (the Agent). In this paper, we study the Principal–Agent problem in the context of liquid staking. We highlight the dilemma between the choice of proportional representation (having one’s stake delegated to one’s validator of choice) and fair punishment (being economically affected only when one’s choice is misinformed). We put forth an attack illustrating that these two notions are fundamentally incompatible in an adversarial setting. We then describe the mechanism of exempt delegations, used by some staking systems today, and devise a precise formula for quantifying the correct choice of exempt delegation which allows balancing the two conflicting virtues in the rational model.  
 Apostolos Tzinas, Dionysis Zindros   
 Metadata   
 Title  Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2023 International Workshops    
 Editors  Aleksander Essex  
  Shin'ichiro Matsuo  
