18th Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems  
 September 17–20, 2023  . Warsaw, Poland  
 Preface   
 Dear  it is our pleasure to present to you Proceedings of the 18 th  Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems (FedCSIS 2023), which took place on September 17-20, 2023, in Warsaw, Poland.  
 FedCSIS 2023 was chaired by Jarosław Arabas and Sławomir Zadrożny, while Przemysław Biecek acted as the Chair of the Organizing Committee. This year, FedCSIS was organized by the Polish Information Processing Society (Mazovia Chapter), IEEE Poland Section Computer Society Chapter, Systems Research Institute of Polish Academy of Sciences, as well as Faculty of Electronics and Information Technology and Faculty of Mathematics and Information Sciences of Warsaw University of Technology.  
 FedCSIS 2023 was technically co-sponsored by IEEE Poland Section, IEEE Czechoslovakia Section Computer Society Chapter, IEEE Poland Section Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society Chapter, IEEE Poland Section Computational Intelligence Society Chapter, Committee of Computer Science of Polish Academy of Sciences, and Mazovia Cluster ICT. Moreover, two years ago, the FedCSIS conference series formed strategic alliance with QED Software, a Polish software company developing AI-based products, and this collaboration has been continued.  
 FedCSIS 2023 was sponsored by QED Software, Samsung, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Łukasiewicz Research Network – Institute of Innovative Technologies EMAG, MDPI, Sages, Efigo, and CloudFerro.  
 In this context, these Proceedings consist of six parts. Part 1 contains Invited Contributions. Part 2 collects Main Track full contributions (arranged alphabetically, according to the last name of the first author, with Topical Area represented in the metadata). Part 3 contains Main Track short contributions. Part 4 contains full contributions, originating from Thematic Tracks. (Again, texts are arranged alphabetically, according to the last name of the first author, with the name of Thematic Track stated in the metadata.) Part 5 collects short papers from all Thematic Tracks. Finally, Part 6 is devoted to Competitions that run within the context of FedCSIS conferences.  
 Keeping this in mind, let us now introduce Keynote Speakers, the remaining Invited Contributions, and the five Topical Areas of FedCSIS 2023 Main Track.  
 I. Invited Contributions  
 FedCSIS 2023 invited four keynote lecturers to deliver lectures matching Topical Areas and thus providing a broader context for the conference participants. Moreover, two past FedCSIS keynote speakers have been invited to prepare contributions, which refer to the core focus of the conference series. There are also two contributions corresponding to the additional invited talks and three contributions corresponding to tutorials. The aforementioned common denominator of all FedCSIS Topical Areas is clearly visible in this part. First, we can see here the core AI works on trustworthiness and robustness of neuro-symbolic and neural network models. Second, there are contributions related to the foundations of intelligent decision making and uncertainty modeling, using tools taken e.g. from soft computing and information theory. On the other hand, we have also contributions referring to machine learning and data science software, as well as examples of applications of AI methods in practical domains. This generally reflects our understanding of the place of Intelligence Systems in the realm of Computer Science. Namely, according to our vision, it is to develop and adjust the AI-related methods to let them work efficiently as the essential component of modern software systems and solutions.  
 II. Advanced Artificial Intelligence in Applications  
 Academy of Sciences, Poland  
 IV. Network Systems & Applications  
 Modern network systems encompass a wide range of solutions and technologies, including wireless and wired networks, network systems, services, and applications. On the one hand, network technologies are used in majority of areas that make human life easier and more comfortable. On the other hand, the rapid need for network deployment brings new challenges in network management and network design, which are reflected in hardware, software, services, and security-related problems. Going back to the main scope of FedCSIS, it is obvious that appropriate network solutions are one of the crucial layers of scalable modern software systems, including those with the elements of AI. On the other hand, equally obviously, AI methods can be useful to make network systems and their applications more efficient. Accordingly, the aim of this Topical Area is to bring more Intelligence into network systems. Moreover, besides network systems, one should think also about network models, network algorithms, etc. Therefore, this Topical Area covers not only the technological side, but also the societal and social impacts of network developments. This Topical Area is curated by:  
 + Armando, Alessandro, University of Genova, Italy  
 + Awad, Ali Ismail, United Arab Emirates University, United Arab Emirates  
 + Suri, Niranjan, Institute of Human and Machine Cognition, United States  
 V. Information Technology for Business & Society  
 The aim this Topical Area is to integrate and create synergy between disciplines of IT, Intelligence Systems, and social sciences. Collected contributions address issues relevant to IT and necessary for practical, everyday needs of business, other organizations and society at large. Moreover, they take a socio-technical view on Intelligence Systems and, at the same time, relate to ethical, social and political issues that they raise. Thus, from the viewpoint of the FedCSIS as a whole, this Topical Area goes beyond Computer Science itself. It refers to the fact that every software system or solution, and especially a system or solution with some flavors of Intelligence, needs to be carefully deployed in real life. In other words, it is not only about machines – it is also about humans. Accordingly, this Topical Area embraces particularly research on methods and processes of adoption of AI and Intelligence Systems in society and particular markets of business applications. Going back to one of the aforementioned invited contributions, the means for trustworthiness can be regarded as an important tool in such processes too.  
 This Topical Area is curated by:  
 + Cano, Alberto, Virginia Commonwealth University, United States  
 + Ziemba, Ewa, University of Economics in Katowice, Poland  
 VI. Software, System & Service Engineering  
 For decades, an open question in the software industry remains, how to provide fast and effective software process and software services, and how to come to software systems, embedded systems, autonomous systems, or cyber-physical systems that will address the open issue of supporting information management process in many, particularly complex organization systems. Even more, it is a hot issue how to provide a synergy between systems in common, and software services as a mandatory component of each modern organization, particularly in terms of IoT, big data, and Industry 4.0 paradigms. Therefore, the main goal of this Topical Area is to address open questions and real potentials for various applications of modern approaches and technologies to develop and implement effective software services in a support of information management and system engineering. We can see here a clear linkage to AI and Intelligence Systems as well. On the one hand (going back to one of invited talks reported in Invited Contributions), AI tools can be applied to improve the quality of software and to optimize the performance of computer systems. While on the other hand (going back again to one of the papers associated with the FedCSIS 2023 keynote lectures), AI-based models and algorithms need to be tested, maintained and monitored just like any other components of complex software systems. This Topical Area is curated by:  
 + Luković, Ivan, University of Belgrade, Serbia  
 + Kolukısa Tarhan, Ayça, Hacettepe University, Turkey  
 + Popović, Aleksandar, University of Montenegro, Montenegro  
 VII. Zdzisław Pawlak Awards  
 The above-described five Topical Areas of FedCSIS Main Track reflect five fundamental aspects of understanding, developing, and applying Intelligence Systems. This topical integrity is emphasized by the Professor Zdzisław Pawlak award, considered in four categories: Best Paper, Young Researcher, Industry Cooperation, and International Cooperation. Over time, this award has gone through significant evolution together with the FedCSIS conference series. Originally, it was granted only to papers published within the series of AAIA Symposiums. However, although Professor Zdzisław Pawlak has been often recognized as “the father of Polish AI”, his research achievements have gone far beyond AI itself, in particular, toward AI applications and Intelligence Systems as we mean them. Accordingly, over time, we decided to expand this award to the whole conference – not only all Main Track Topical Areas but also all Thematic Tracks.  
 This year, Award Committee (a part of FedCSIS Senior Program Committee) had a particularly hard task to select a single winner of Best Paper Award. Therefore, after discussion, additional paper was distinguished with Distinction Award. The following contributions have been awarded:  
 In the category | Best Paper: | Julian Premm, Hagen Peukert, Dennis Rössel, Mareike Silber, for the paper „Analysis of a GPT-3 chatbot with respect to its input in a sales dialogue” 
  Additional | Distinction Award: | Giovanna Castellano, Pasquale De Marinis, Gennaro Vessio, for the paper „Applying Knowledge Distillation to Improve Weed Mapping With Drones” 
  In the category | Young Researcher: | Anastasiya Danilenka, for the paper „Mitigating the effects of non-IID data in federated learning with a self-adversarial balancing method” 
  In the category | Industry Cooperation: | Mikołaj Pudo, Mateusz Wosik, Artur Janicki, for the paper „Open Vocabulary Keyword Spotting with Small-Footprint ASR-based Architecture and Language Models” 
  In the category | International Cooperation Award: | Samaneh Mohammadi, Mohammadreza Mohammadi, Sima Sinaei, Ehsan Nowroozi, Francesco Flammini, Mauro Conti, for the paper „Balancing Privacy and Accuracy in Federated Learning for Speech Emotion Recognition” 
  Industry Cooperation Award was sponsored by QED Software, International Cooperation Award – by MDPI, while the remaining awards were sponsored by Mazovia Branch of Polish Information Processing Society. Here, it is also worth noting that each of those five papers comes from a different Topical Area or Thematic Track. Yet, they are all aligned with what we described before as the FedCSIS common denominator.  
 VIII. Statistics  
 IX. Committees  
 The Senior Program Committee of FedCSIS 2023 consisted of:  
 van der Aalst, Wil, RWTH Aachen University, Germany 
  Alba, Enrique, University of Málaga, Spain 
  Zdravevski, Eftim, Ss. Cyril and Methodius University, Macedonia 
  Ziemba, Ewa, University of Econmics in Katowice, Poland 
  The FedCSIS 2023 Program Committee consisted of:  
 Abramowicz, Witold, Poznań University of Economics and Business, Poland 
  Ahad, Mohd Abdul, Jamia Hamdard, India 
  Zitouni, M. Sami, University of Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
  X. Acknowledgments  
 In conclusion, let us emphasize that delivery of FedCSIS 2023 required a dedicated effort of many people. We would like to express our warmest gratitude to all Topical Area Curators, to the members of the Senior Program Committee and to the members of the Program Committee, for their hard work in attracting and reviewing all submissions. We thank the authors of papers for their great contribution to the theory and practice of Computer Science and Intelligence Systems. We are grateful to Keynote, Invited, and Tutorial Speakers, for sharing their knowledge and wisdom with the participants. Last, but not least, we acknowledge one more time Jarosław Arabas, Sławomir Zadrożny, and Przemysław Biecek. We are very grateful for your efforts!  
 We hope that you all had an inspiring conference. We also hope to meet you again for the 19th Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems (FedCSIS 2024) which will take place in Belgrade, Serbia on September 8-11, 2024. Finally, we hope that you will find the evolution of the FedCSIS Conference concept as something that properly addresses the current needs of research and applications. We want to continue looking at Computer Science from different angles but in the same time, acknowledging the topic Intelligence Systems as the central point of everything that we are considering.  
 Co-Chairs of the FedCSIS Conference Series   
 Maria Ganzha  , Warsaw University of Technology, and Systems Research Institute Polish Academy of Sciences, Poland.  
 Leszek Maciaszek  (Honorary Chair), Macquarie University, Australia and Wrocław University of Economics, Poland.  
  Thematic Tracks  
 Preface to Thematic Tracks   
 Parts  4 and 5 of FedCSIS 2023 Proceedings contain contributions originating from Thematic Tracks. Let us present each one of them.  
 I. Advances in Programming Languages  
 Programming languages are programmers' most basic tools. With appropriate programming languages one can drastically reduce the cost of building new applications, as well as maintaining existing ones. In the last decades, there have been many advances in programming languages technology, in traditional programming paradigms such as functional, logic, and object-oriented programming, as well as the development of new paradigms, such as aspect-oriented programming. The main driving force was, and will be, to better express programmers' ideas. Therefore, research in programming languages is an endless activity and the core of computer science. New language features, new programming paradigms, and better compile-time and run-time mechanisms can be foreseen in the future. Here, the potential future role of AI models in programming should also be taken into account. In this context, the aim of this Thematic Track was to provide a forum for exchange of ideas and experience in topics concerned with programming languages and systems.  
 + Staroń, Mirosław, University of Gothenburg, Sweden  
 XVIII. Recent Advances in Information Technology  
 The aim of this Thematic Track was to provide a platform for exchange of ideas between early-stage researchers, in computer science and intelligence systems, Ph.D. students in particular. Furthermore, it provided all participants an opportunity to get feedback on their studies from experienced members of the AI and IT research communities. In fact, this track – as in previous years – played the role of so-called Doctoral Symposium, a well-established tradition of the FedCSIS conference series. Here, special care was taken to provide support and mentoring for young researchers and to facilitate frutiful discussion and exchange of ideas.  
 Thematic Track organizers:  
 + Dedinec, Aleksandra, Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering, Ss. Cyril and Methodius University, North Macedonia  
  Cybersecurity Threat Detection in the Behavior of IoT Devices  
 Preface to Cybersecurity Threat Detection in the Behavior of IoT Devices   
 Cybersecurity  Threat Detection in the Behavior of IoT Devices was the 9th competition organized in association with the FedCSIS conference series at KnowledgePit.ai. The goal was to detect attacks on IoT devices on the basis of data provided by Efigo company, describing the changing behavior of devices, and known moments of cyberattack attempts. The data set was generated as a part of a SPINET project aiming at improving the cybersecurity of IoT device networks.  
 The increasing significance of many IoT device applications motivates scientists to develop techniques for cyber safety improvement in many ways. In our case, based on the changing device behavior, it was expected that the profile of processes running on the device should change during the attack attempts.  
 The competition data was collected in a simulated environment - IoT devices were emulated in a separated network, where attacking servers were also plugged in. The scenario of attacks was known, so it was possible to tag the behavioral data as “normal” and “unusual”. Based on that information participants tried to develop classification models to predict whether the device is being attacked or not.  
 The top four competitor groups were invited to submit a paper describing their solutions to our special event at the FedCSIS 2023 conference. These papers are included in this chapter of the conference proceedings and are preceded by a paper describing in detail the competition, authored by the organizers. The most of presented approaches were based on gradient-boosting algorithms. That is not surprising - such models play an essential role in different fields of application. However, they are not so easy to interpret which may cause difficulties in better understanding the nature of IoT devices' behavior change during cyberattacks.  
 Andrzej Janusz   
 Marcin Michalak   
 Center  Center for Artificial Intelligence Challenge on Conversational AI Correctness was organized as part of the 1st Symposium on Challenges for Natural Language Processing. The goal of this competition was to develop Natural Language Understanding models that are robust against speech recognition errors.  
 Regardless of near-human accuracy of Automatic Speech Recognition in general-purpose transcription tasks, speech recognition errors can significantly deteriorate the performance of a Natural Language Understanding model that follows the speech-to-text module in a virtual assistant. The problem is even more apparent when an ASR system from an external vendor is used as an integral part of a conversational system without any further adaptation. The contestants were expected to develop Natural Language Understanding models that maintain satisfactory performance despite the presence of ASR errors in the input.  
 The data for the competition consist of natural language utterances along with semantic frames that represent the commands targeted at a virtual assistant. The approach used to prepare the data for the challenge was meant to promote models robust to various types of errors in the input, making it impossible to solve the task by simply learning a shallow mapping from incorrectly recognized words to the correct ones. It reflects real-world scenarios where the NLU system is presented with inputs that exhibit various disturbances due to changes in the ASR model, acoustic conditions, speaker variation, and other causes.  
 This chapter includes the paper discussing the objectives, evaluation rules and results of the competition, authored by the organizers followed by the detailed description of the leading solution contributed by the winners of the challenge.  
 Hide Preface to Center for Artificial Intelligence Challenge on Conversational AI Correctness    
 Language models rarely utilize any input information except for text. E.g additional data could be a text domain, document timestamp, website URL, or other metadata information. However, models trained solely on text data may be limited in usage. Additional temporal information is useful when factual knowledge is required, but the facts change over time.  
 This chapter includes the paper discussing the objectives, evaluation rules and results of the competition, authored by the organizers followed by the detailed description of the leading solution contributed by the winners of the challenge.  
 Hide Preface to Cybersecurity Threat Detection in the Behavior of IoT Devices    
