FLAIRS-23  
  The 23rd International FLAIRS  Conference   
 Daytona Beach, Florida, USA   
 Schedule updated with final program.   
 Call for Papers   
 General Conference   
 Submission of papers for presentation at the conference is now invited. Topics of interest are in all areas of artificial intelligence, including:  
 Foundations  Knowledge representation 
 Special Tracks   
 A number of special tracks that focus on particular topics within AI are held in parallel with the general conference. These provide researchers in specific areas the opportunity to meet and present their work, and offer a forum for interaction among the broader community of artificial intelligence researchers. Authors are requested to consider submitting their paper directly to a special track if one exists that closely matches the topic of their paper. A list of all special tracks is provided in the “Special Tracks” section of the conference site. For additional details on a particular special track, authors should contact the track chair(s) directly.  
 Special tracks are typically proposed and selected by late summer as part of a Call for Special Tracks. If you are interested in proposing a special track, please check the “Special Tracks” section of the conference site for details on the Call for Special Tracks.  
 Submission Instructions   
 Submitted papers must be original, and not submitted concurrently to a journal or another conference. Double-blind reviewing will be provided, so submitted papers must use fake author names and affiliations. Full papers may be up to 6 pages, and poster papers up to 2 pages. Papers must be in AAAI format and must use the latest AAAI Press Word template or LaTeX macro package  .  
 Papers must be submitted in PDF format via the EasyChair conference management site for FLAIRS-23  . (N.B. Do not use a fake name for your EasyChair login -- your EasyChair account information is hidden from reviewers.) The proceedings of FLAIRS will be published by the AAAI. Authors of accepted papers will be required to sign a form transferring copyright of their contribution to AAAI. An author of each accepted paper is required to register, attend, and present the paper at FLAIRS.  
 Dates   
 Call for Special Tracks (CLOSED)   
 Special tracks, held in parallel with the general conference, are an integral part of the conference. They provide researchers in focused areas the opportunity to meet and present their work, and offer a forum for interaction among the broader community of artificial intelligence researchers. Their papers are required to meet the same standards and are published in the conference proceedings.  
 Topics of interest are in all areas related to artificial intelligence. For example, last year's special tracks included: AI Education; AI Planning and Scheduling; Applied Natural Language Processing; Case-Based Reasoning; Data Mining; Design, Evaluation, and Refinement of Intelligent Systems (DERIS); Games and Entertainment; Intelligent Tutoring Systems; Semantics, Ontologies, and Computational Linguistics; and Uncertain Reasoning.  
 We encourage proposals for topics that have run previously. Even special tracks that have run for a number of years may need or benefit from new leadership support and perspective, so please do not hesitate to indicate interest in an area, or to contact the Special Tracks Coordinator if you have questions about proposing on a particular topic. We are also particularly interested in fresh tracks in areas such as Machine Learning or AI in English as a Second Language, but all proposals for tracks are very much encouraged.  
 Submission of proposals for special tracks is now invited. Proposals must be submitted via the EasyChair conference management site for FLAIRS-23  . Special track chairs may submit to their own tracks. Those papers will be reviewed by two members of the special track's program committee and two members of the general conference program committee, and acceptance decisions will be made by the conference program co-chairs. Proposals must include the following information:  
 Title of the special track. 
  Anticipated numbers of submissions and accepted papers. A track may have up to 4 sessions, with 3 papers per session. Special tracks that fail to attract sufficient papers will be merged into the general conference. 
  Names and contact information for the special track chair(s) and those who have agreed to serve on the special track's program committee. The program committee should be large enough for each paper to be reviewed by 4 reviewers. 
  Promotional plans and materials, including a draft call for papers, specific plans for publicizing the special track, and the names of any speakers you are considering inviting. (FLAIRS cannot guarantee any form of financial support for special track invited speakers at this stage.) 
  Summary of any special tracks you have organized for FLAIRS over the last two years. In particular, what track(s) have you organized, how many submissions were received, and how many papers were accepted? 
 People   
 Organizers   
 Conference Chair: | David C. Wilson  , University of North Carolina at Charlotte, USA 
 Program Co-Chairs: | Chas Murray  , Carnegie Learning, USA  
  Hans Guesgen  , Massey University, New Zealand 
 Conference Invited Speakers  
 Conference invited speakers will address the entire FLAIRS audience in plenary sessions.  
  Eugene Charniak   Eugene Charniak is University Professor of Computer Science and Cognitive Science at Brown University and past chair of the Department of Computer Science. He received his A.B. degree in Physics from University of Chicago, and a Ph.D. from M.I.T. in Computer Science. He has published four books, the most recent being Statistical Language Learning. He is a Fellow of the American Association of Artificial Intelligence and was previously a Councilor of the organization. His research has always been in the area of language understanding or technologies which relate to it. Over the last 18 years years he has been interested in statistical techniques for many areas of language processing including parsing and, most recently, discourse.  
   Herbert H. Clark   Herbert H. Clark is Professor of Psychology at Stanford University. He is the author of several books on language and language use, including Psychology and Language (a textbook co-authored with Eve V. Clark), Arenas of Language Use, and Using Language. He is also author of over one hundred research articles and chapters. His research is concerned with speaking and understanding in interactive communication, especially conversation. Clark was a John Simon Guggenheim Fellow and a fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and to the Royal Dutch Academy of Arts and Sciences.  
  Special Track Invited Speakers  
 FLAIRS-23 Registration   
 Registration   
 In order to attend and participate in the conference program, you must formally register for the conference.  
 Author Registration Requirement for Including Accepted Papers in the Program   
 Each accepted paper or poster must have at least one author registered with a regular registration  by 22nd February  in order for the paper or poster to be included in the conference. If the only author registering for the conference is a student, the registration must be a full regular registration. Additional authors can register as regular or student. If you are the author of more than one paper, you need to register as an author only once.  
 Registration Categories   
 Authors, please note the registration requirement for paper inclusion by February 22 
 Payment Instructions   
 Payment can be made via credit card, bank transfer, or check drawn on a US bank. Paying for multiple registrations in a single payment is possible. In all cases you'll receive an email confirming when payment has been processed. If you do not receive an email within two weeks of sending your payment, please email our Conference Administrator at jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  .  
 Your registration is not complete until your payment has been processed and confirmed.   
 Payment Methods   
 Registration processing for FLAIRS-23 is handled by our Conference Administrator, Jeanni Gerber. For registration processing and inquiries, please contact Jeanni at jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  . Please include FLAIRS-23 and a brief description in the subject line.  
 Credit Card | Online, using Google Checkout - see the FLAIRS-23 'Online Registration' section of the web site. 
 FLAIRS-23 Online Registration   
 Online credit-card registration for FLAIRS-23 uses Google Checkout  for order processing. Google Checkout provides an introduction for buyers.  You can add several individual registrations to one cart by changing the details. You can also order extra opening reception and daily lunch tickets in the same cart. Please note that registration details in the drop-down cart are not sorted. Google Checkout requires you to establish an account to use the service. Offline registration methods are also available, please consult the FLAIRS-23 web site 'Registration Details' section.  
 For Author Registrations,  Each accepted paper or poster must have at least one author registered with a regular registration  by 22nd February  in order for the paper or poster to be included in the conference. If the only author registering for the conference is a student, the registration must be a full regular registration. Additional authors can register as regular or student. If you are the author of more than one paper, you need to register as an author only once.  
 Questions regarding registration can be addressed to our conference administrator, Jeanni, at jwgerber(at)earthlink(dot)net  , or to the conference General Chair, David C. Wilson  . Please report any problems with the online registration system to the conference General Chair, David C. Wilson  .  
 FLAIRS-23 Registration   
 Affiliation: |  
 City, State/Region, Country: |  
 Authors Only - Paper ID Number(s) - Comma Separated for Multiple 
 Paper Number(s): |  
 Additional details (dietary requirements, etc) 
 Extra Information: |  
 FLAIRS-23 Extra Lunch / Reception Tickets   
 Registration includes all social events. Extra social event tickets (for family, partners, etc.) are available. You can make a separate payment for these if you wish.  
 How Many? 
 FLAIRS-23 Accommodation, Location, Travel   
 Accommodation   
 FLAIRS room blocks closed.  Conference room blocks at the resort were only available until April 28. You can still book with the resort, but the conference rates will not be available. You can also find accommodation resources in the links under the Location, Travel section below.  
 If you book a room at The Shores outside of the conference block (e.g., conference block full, third party consolidator booking), please ensure that you still identify yourself to the resort as a FLAIRS attendee. This helps you, as the resort fee (above the room rate) is waived for FLAIRS-23 attendees, and it counts that booking for FLAIRS toward event contract requirements.  
 Group rates will be honored for attendees three (3) days before and three (3) days after the formal conference dates, based on availability.  
 FLAIRS-23 has also arranged the following consideration for attendees.  
 Resort fee waiver on room charges. Normally, The Shores charges a resort fee in addition to the room rate. This fee has been waived for FLAIRS-23 attendees, whether or not your room is booked within the conference block. 
  10% discount in Azure (restaurant) & Tiki Bar for breakfast, lunch & dinner. This applies both to registered attendees and to accompanying persons. Please note that this does not apply to room service. 
  A discounted specialty drink price at the Tiki Bar. 
  Resort Fee Clarification  - Some attendees have found discounted resort rates via 3rd party consolidators, such as Expedia and Hotels.com. If you consider such, please ensure that you understand the precise terms and conditions in the fine print. These often trade off significant flexibility (e.g., pre-paid, no cancellation or changes) for the lower rate.  
 In particular, though, we have had a question and clarification about the resort fee in this context. As part of our contract with the resort, the normal resort fee is waived for FLAIRS attendees. This is true, even if the room itself has been booked via a 3rd party, but only if the resort has control over the fee payment. Thus for 3rd party transactions, if the resort fee is already bundled into the consolidator's price, you would be opting-in to that bundled fee as part of the contract with the consolidator. In that case, the resort does not have control over the bundled fee, and the fee can not be retroactively removed by the resort from what was paid to the 3rd party. If the resort fee was not bundled as part of the 3rd party booking, then the resort fee should be waived for FLAIRS attendees, and the resort should not ask for payment of the fee above what was paid for the 3rd party booking.  
 In essence, for 3rd party bookings: if you paid a bundled resort fee to a 3rd party, it can not be removed; if the resort itself is asking you to pay the resort fee above and beyond your 3rd party room booking, then it should be waived for FLAIRS attendees.  
 Location, Travel   
  Daytona Beach Hotel Map Brochure (pdf) 
 FLAIRS-23 Golf  
 Additional details may be available on Chad Lane's FLAIRS-23 Golf page  .  
 We'll plan to play before and after the conference as close to the following times as possible:  
 Tuesday May 18, 1pm (a morning round on Tuesday is also possible - just indicate your interest) 
  Saturday, May 22, 8am 
 Please contact Chad Lane (lane AT ict.usc.edu) as soon as possible if you would like to play.  
 NASCAR Racing Events  
 We did not receive enough stated interest from attendees to contract this as a formal FLAIRS-23 group event. If you are interested in the NASCAR experience, it may be possible for you to make individual arrangements. The ride-along (or even full driving) folk are on-track every Friday/Saturday in May, so the weekend before or just at the end of the conference are both options. Individual reservations can be made via The Richard Petty Driving Experience  (make sure to verify for the Daytona International Speedway, as they do similar experiences at different raceways).  
 Instructions for Paper Presenters  
 Each paper presentation room will have an an LCD projector and a laptop running Windows, with PowerPoint and Adobe Acrobat Reader installed. Presenters may use the laptop provided or they may use their own laptop. Presenters who use a conference laptop must bring their presentation in electronic form on either a USB drive or a CDROM.  
 Presenters should arrive at their session early, introduce themselves to the session chair, and verify that their presentation displays correctly. Each presentation is scheduled for 25 minutes, with 20 minutes for speaking and 5 minutes for questions. Session chairs will monitor the time and keep the sessions strictly on schedule.  
 The following link provides guidance on giving a presentation:  
 How to Present a Paper, a Speaker's Guide 
  Instructions for Poster Presenters  
 The Poster Session will be held on Wednesday, May 19, from 10:30am to 12:10pm in the River Room  at the resort's Cloud Level.  
 Please follow these instructions for preparing your posters.  
 Poster preparation will be in the | River Room | from 3:00pm to 9:00pm on Tuesday evening, May 18, and from 8:00am to 10:00am on Wednesday morning, May 19. Please note that FLAIRS personnel will check in periodically, but will not be present in this space continuously during setup times. If issues arise, please contact FLAIRS staff at the registration desk, or leave a message with resort staff to the attention of FLAIRS personnel. 
  Each poster presenter will be provided with a poster board, 4 feet wide by 3 feet high ... | just like this | . Push-pins, glue sticks, and tape will be available to construct your poster prior to the poster session. If you have any needs beyond this, please email David Wilson (davils AT uncc DOT edu) and we'll do our best to accomodate you. 
  Poster presenters are expected to have their posters displayed by the beginning of the session and to be available to discuss their poster for the duration of the session. 
  After the Poster Session  
 After the Poster Session, you may elect to move your poster to the | France Foyer | at the resort's Lobby Level for continued display during the remainder of the conference. Please note that there is limited space, and foyer display will be on a first-come, first served basis. Also note that this space will remain open and generally accessible after conference hours. 
  If you want to keep your poster, you must take it with you, either at the end of the poster session (if not being displayed in the France Foyer) or before the end of the conference (if being displayed in the France Foyer). Any posters remaining in the River Room after the end of the poster session on in the France Foyer after the end of the conference will be discarded. You cannot take the poster boards with you. 
  The following links provide guidance on preparing a poster:  
 Poster Design Guide 
  Online Registration 
  Accommodation, Location, Travel 
  FLAIRS Golf / Events 
  Attendee Message Board