 Special Issues   AFMAS 2023    
 Contact  Organisation   
  Experience Reports that provide guidance for tackling challenges with formal methods or tools, or 
  Discussions of the future directions of the field. 
  Because the above list is not exhaustive, if you are unsure if your paper is in scope for FMAS please feel free to email us (details below) to discuss it.  
 Proceedings  
 The workshop’s proceedings are now available via EPTCS  .  
 Submission and Publication  
 There are four categories of submission:  
 Vision papers | 6 pages (excluding references) | describe directions for research into Formal Methods for Autonomous Systems; 
  Research previews | 6 pages (excluding references) | describe well-defined research ideas that are in their early stages, and my not be fully developed yet. Work from PhD students is particularly welcome; 
  Experience report papers | 15 pages (excluding references) | report on practical experiences in applying Formal Methods to Autonomous Systems, focussing on the experience and lessons to be learnt; 
  Regular papers | 15 pages (excluding references) | describe completed applications of Formal Methods to an Autonomous System, new or improved approaches, evaluations of existing approaches, and so on. 
  You will need to select one of the four submission categories during submission.  
 These categories are intended to help you show your intent for your paper, and to allow a fairer comparison of papers. For example, a Research Preview wont be judged as not developed enough for acceptance, just because it is being compared to a Standard Paper. The category descriptions are not exhaustive and should be interpreted broadly. If you are unsure if your paper clearly fits into one of these categories, please feel free to email us (details below) to discuss it.  
 Submissions must be prepared using the EPTCS LaTeX style  . Each submission will receive at least three, single-blind reviews. If a paper is accepted, at least one of the authors must attend the workshop to present their work.  
 Important Dates  
 Submission: 17th of August 2023  Extended to 31st of August 2023  ( AOE  ) 
  Notification: | 15th of September 2023 | ~~Extended to 29th of September 2023~ 
  Final Version due: | 20th of October 2023 
  Workshop: 15th and 16th of November 2023 
  Venue and Registration  
 FMAS 2023 will be held on the 15th and 16th of November 2023, co-located with the International Conference on Integrated Formal Methods (iFM) 2023  , hosted by Leiden University, The Netherlands.  
 We will accept participation in-person and remotely:  
 At least one author per paper must register for | on-site | attendance at FMAS through the | iFM registration system | , even if the paper will be presented remotely – this is to ensure we cover the costs of running FMAS as a satellite workshop at iFM. 
  If you want to participate | on-line | , please register for a free “On-line ticket FMAS 2023 workshop” through the | iFM registration system | . 
  If you are presenting your paper and wish to do so remotely, please contact us at | FMASWorkshop@tutanota.com | to let us know so that we can make the necessary arrangements. 
 FMAS 2023 is able to reimburse the registration fee for FMAS only  , for authors who are currently students. This is possible thanks to sponsorship by the Formal Methods Europe  association. Please contact us at FMASWorkshop@tutanota.com  to organise reimbursement. We are only able to offer a limited number of reimbursements so please contact us as soon as possible.  
 Programme Information  
 Schedule  
 Title | : | SMT: Something you Must Try [Joint talk with iFM] 
  Abstract | : SMT (Satisfiability Modulo Theories) solving is a technology for the fully automated solution of logical formulas. Due to their impressive efficiency, SMT solvers are nowadays frequently used in a wide variety of applications. These tools are general purpose and as off-the-shelf solvers, their usage is truly integrated. A typical application encodes real-world problems as logical formulas, whose solutions can be decoded to solutions of the real-world problem. In this talk we give some insights into the mechanisms of SMT solving, discuss some areas of application, and present a novel application from the domain of simulation. 
 Accepted Papers  
 Trust Modelling and Verification Using Event-B   
 Authors: | Asieh Salehi Fathabadi and Vahid Yazdanpanah 
  Abstract: | Trust is a crucial component in collaborative multiagent systems (MAS) involving humans and autonomous AI agents. Rather than assuming trust based on past system behaviours, it is important to formally verify trust by modelling the current state and capabilities of agents. We argue for verifying actual trust relations based on agents' abilities to deliver intended outcomes in specific contexts. To enable reasoning about different notions of trust, we propose using the refinement-based formal method Event-B. Refinement allows progressively introducing new aspects of trust - from abstract to concrete models incorporating knowledge and runtime states. We demonstrate modelling three trust concepts and verifying associated trust properties in MAS. The formal, correctness-by-construction approach allows deducing guarantees about trustworthy autonomy in human-AI partnerships. Overall, our contribution facilitates rigorous verification of trust in multiagent systems. 
 Runtime Verification of Learning Properties for Reinforcement Learning Algorithms   
 Authors: | Tommaso Mannucci and Julio de Oliveira Filho 
  Abstract: | Reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms interact with their environment in a trial-and-error fashion. Such interactions can be expensive, inefficient, and timely when learning on a physical system rather than in a simulation. This work develops new runtime verification techniques to predict when the learning phase has not met or will not meet qualitative and timely expectations. This paper presents three verification properties concerning the quality and timeliness of learning in RL algorithms. With each property, we propose design steps for monitoring and assessing the properties during the system's operation. 
 Online Reachability Analysis and Space Convexification for Autonomous Racing   
 Authors: | Sergiy Bogomolov, Taylor T Johnson, Diego Manzanas, Patrick Musau, and Paulius Stankaitis 
  Abstract: | This paper presents an optimisation-based approach for an obstacle avoidance problem within an autonomous vehicle racing context. Our control regime leverages online reachability analysis and sensor data to compute the maximal safe traversable region that an agent can traverse within the environment. The idea is to first compute a non-convex safe region, which then can be convexified via a novel coupled separating hyperplane algorithm. This derived safe area is then used to formulate a nonlinear model-predictive control problem that seeks to find an optimal and safe driving trajectory. We evaluate the proposed approach through a series of diverse experiments and assess the runtime requirements of our proposed approach through an analysis of the effects of a set of varying optimisation objectives for generating these coupled hyperplanes. 
 What to tell when? -- Information Provision as a Game   
 Authors: | Astrid Rakow, Akhila Bairy, and Mehrnoush Hajnorouzi 
  Abstract: | Constantly informing systems (CIS), that is technical systems that provide us with information over a long period of time, face the challenge of providing us with helpful information. The information base of a human model changes over time but also his mood and his ability to accept information. An information provision strategy should hence take such aspects into account. In this paper, we describe our vision of an approach to aid the design of CIS. We envision using psychological models of the human mind and emotions in an information provision game. Its analysis gives comparative insights into design variants. 
 Model checking for Robot Reactive Planning   
 Authors: | Christopher Chandler, Bernd Porr, Alice Miller, and Giulia Lafratta 
  Abstract: | In this paper, we show how model checking can be used to create multi-step plans for a differential drive wheeled robot so that it can avoid immediate danger. Using a small, purpose built model checking algorithm in situ we generate plans in real time in a way that reflects the egocentric reactive response of simple biological agents. Our approach is based on chaining temporary control systems which are spawned to eliminate disturbances in the local environment that disrupt an autonomous agent from its preferred action (or resting state). The method involves a novel discretization of 2D LiDAR data which is sensitive to bounded stochastic variations in the immediate environment. We operationalise multi-step planning using invariant checking by forward depth-first search, using a cul-de-sac scenario as a first test case. Our results demonstrate that model checking can be used to plan efficient trajectories for local obstacle avoidance, improving on the performance of a reactive agent which can only plan one step. We achieve this in near real-time using no pre-computed data. While our method has limitations, we believe our approach shows promise as an avenue for the development of safe, reliable and transparent trajectory planning in the context of autonomous vehicles. 
 Towards Formal Fault Injection for Safety Assessment of Automated Systems   
 Authors: | Ashfaq Farooqui and Behrooz Sangchoolie 
  Abstract: | Reasoning about the safety, security, and other dependability attributes of autonomous systems is a challenge that needs to be addressed before the adoption of such systems in day-to-day life. _Formal methods_ contain a class of methods that can mathematically reason about the system's behavior. Since these methods employ mathematical techniques, a correctness proof is sufficient to conclude the system's dependability. However, these methods are usually applied to abstract models of the system, which might not fully represent the actual system. _Fault injection_, on the other hand, is a class of testing methods that are often used to evaluate the dependability of systems at different phases of the development lifecycle. However, the amount of testing required to evaluate the system is rather large and often a problem. This vision paper presents the concept of _formal fault injection_, a fusion of these two techniques. Our vision involves integrating them throughout the development lifecycle to enhance the dependability of autonomous systems. We advocate for a more cohesive approach by identifying five areas of mutual support between formal methods and fault injection. By forging stronger ties between the two fields, we pave the way for developing safe and dependable autonomous systems. This paper delves into the integration's potential and outlines future research avenues, addressing open challenges along the way. 
 Formal Verification of Long Short-Term Memory based Audio Classifiers: A Star based Approach   
 Authors: | Neelanjana Pal and Taylor T Johnson 
  Abstract: | Formally verifying audio classification systems is essential to ensure accurate signal classification across real-world applications like surveillance, automotive voice commands, and multimedia content management, preventing potential errors with serious consequences. Drawing from recent research, this study advances the utilization of star-set-based formal verification, extended through reachability analysis, tailored explicitly for Long Short-Term Memory architectures and their Convolutional variations within the audio classification domain. By conceptualizing the classification process as a sequence of set operations, the star set-based reachability approach streamlines the exploration of potential operational states attainable by the system. The paper serves as an encompassing case study, validating and verifying sequence audio classification analytics within real-world contexts. It accentuates the necessity for robustness verification to ensure precise and dependable predictions, particularly in light of the impact of noise on the accuracy of output classifications. 
 Correct-by-Construction Control for Stochastic and Uncertain Dynamical Models via Formal Abstractions   
 Authors: | Thom Badings, Licio Romao, Alessandro Abate, and Nils Jansen 
  Abstract: | Automated synthesis of correct-by-construction controllers for autonomous systems is crucial for their deployment in safety-critical scenarios. Such autonomous systems are naturally modeled as stochastic dynamical models. The general problem is to compute a controller that provably satisfies a given task, represented as a probabilistic temporal logic specification. However, factors such as stochastic uncertainty, imprecisely known parameters, and hybrid features make this problem challenging. We have developed an abstraction framework that can be used to solve this problem under various modeling assumptions. Our approach is based on a robust finite-state abstraction of the stochastic dynamical model in the form of a Markov decision process with intervals of probabilities (iMDP). We use state-of-the-art verification techniques to compute an optimal policy on the iMDP with guarantees for satisfying the given specification. We then show that, by construction, we can refine this policy into a feedback controller for which these guarantees carry over to the dynamical model. In this short paper, we survey our recent research in this area and highlight two challenges (related to scalability and dealing with nonlinear dynamics) that we aim to address with our ongoing research. 
 Automatic Generation of Scenarios for System-level Simulation-based Verification of Autonomous Driving Systems   
 Authors: | Srajan Goyal, Alberto Griggio, Jacob Kimblad, and Stefano Tonetta 
  Abstract: | With the increasing complexity of Automated Driving Systems (ADS), ensuring their safety and re- liability has become a critical challenge. The Verification and Validation (V&V) of these systems are particularly demanding when AI components are employed to implement perception and/or control functions. In the ESA-funded project VIVAS, we developed a generic framework for system-level simulation-based V&V of autonomous systems. The approach is based on a simulation model of the system, an abstract model that describes symbolically the system behavior, and formal methods to generate scenarios and to verify the simulation executions. Various coverage criteria can be defined to guide the automated generation of the scenarios. In this paper, we describe the instantiation of the VIVAS framework for an ADS case study. This is based on the integration of CARLA, a widely-used driving simulator, and its ScenarioRunner tool, which enables the creation of diverse and complex driving scenarios. This is also used in the CARLA Autonomous Driving Challenge to validate different ADS agents for perception and control based on AI, shared by the CARLA community. We describe the development of an abstract ADS model and the formulation of a coverage criterion that focuses on the behaviors of vehicles relative to the vehicle with ADS under verification. Leveraging the VIVAS framework, we generate and execute various driving scenarios, thus testing the capabilities of the AI components. The results show the effectiveness of VIVAS in automatically generating scenarios for system-level simulation- based V&V of an automated driving system using CARLA and ScenarioRunner. Therefore, they highlight the potential of the approach as a powerful tool in the future of ADS V&V methodologies. 
 Extending Neural Network Verification to a Larger Family of Piece-wise Linear Activation Functions   
 Authors: | László Antal, Hana Masara, and Erika Ábrahám 
  Abstract: | In this paper, we extend an available neural network verification technique to support a wider class of piece-wise linear activation functions. Furthermore, we extend the algorithms, which provide in their original form exact respectively over-approximative results for bounded input sets represented as star sets, to allow also unbounded input sets. We implemented our algorithms and demonstrate their effectiveness on some case studies. 
