Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Content 
  History 
 Skip to content  FOGA 2023    
 Home 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Content 
 Toggle sidebar & navigation        
 Paper Submission  
 Submission  
 This year, FOGA will use the “linklings” submission management system. This system is also used by GECCO, but note that a separate account will be required to submit papers to FOGA.  
 Link to the Linklings submission page: Linklings   
 Paper Format  
 Authors should submit their papers consistent with the alternate 2-column ACM SIG style file “sigconf”  (see www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  to obtain the class file and see templates) by the submission deadline (May 4, 2023). Authors are required to submit their electronic papers in PDF format. The maximum number of pages is 12, including references, but we encourage authors to make a concise and significant contribution in fewer pages. Over-length papers will be rejected without review. On the other hand, you are welcome to provide supplementary material, for instance, full proofs, additional figures or examples. Note, however, that reviewers won’t be required to look at this supplemental material, and that your paper should be self-contained. The proceedings will be published by ACM Press and will be finalized before the conference starts (in contrast to previous years there are “at-conference” instead of “post-conference” proceedings). Instructions for the camera-ready papers (deadline on July 6  July 13, 2023) will be made available in due time.  
 Review Process  
 The review process is double blind  . Therefore, in order to make blind reviewing possible, authors must omit their names and affiliations from the paper and must take measures to ensure that your identity is not easily revealed from the submission itself. Please refer to your prior work in a neutral manner (i.e., instead of saying “We showed” say “XYZ et al. showed”). It is acceptable to submit work that has been presented in public or has appeared on ArXiV, provided the submission itself is anonymized. Similarly, reviewers should not reveal their identities within the paper reviews. Selection criteria include originality of ideas, correctness, clarity, significance of results and quality of presentation. The review process will include a rebuttal opportunity for authors to see the reviews of their papers and to respond to technical questions raised by the reviewers before discussion starts within the Program Committee. The decision of the Program Committee will be final and cannot be appealed.  
 Camera Ready Submission   
 Formatting must comply with the ACM format requirements using the sigconf template, see the latest | ACM Primary Article Template | . 
  Verify that your .tex document includes the following lines, using the precise DOI and ISBN numbers that you received back from ACM after completing the copyright process. Make sure that your PDF shows the correct conference information on the front page (you will receive the exact code after completing the ACM Copyright form): 
  \acmConference[FOGA '23]{Foundations of Genetic Algorithms XVII}{August 30 -- September 1, 2023}{Potsdam, Germany}  
  \acmYear{2023}  
  import matplotlib  
  Upload your PDF file | at the linklings site | . We recommend using a modern, standards-compliant Web browser to upload the necessary files. 
  The sections CCS Concepts (ACM Computing Classification System) and Keywords are mandatory to be included on the first page of your submission. 
  CCS Concepts. Make sure that your selection included on the first page of your paper are also chosen properly on the paper submission page. Click | here | for information on the ACM Computing Classification Scheme. 
  Keywords. The contents of this section is at the author’s discretion. Be sure to pick terms that fit your work well as they will be used to index your work. 
 Imprint   
