 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays  
   Monterey, CA, United States  
   Submission Deadline: Friday 16 Sep 2022   
   Conference Dates: Feb 12, 2023 - Mar 14, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 1.30   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 The ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays is a premier conference for presentation of advances in FPGA technology. In 2023, the 31st edition of FPGA will be held in Monterey, California, USA. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings and available in the ACM Digital Library. At least one of the authors of each accepted submission is required to present the work. Accommodations will be made for the authors who face travel restrictions or unforeseen difficulties with travel.  
  Submission website: Link will be available soon  
  Paper Submissions (with and without Artifacts)  
  We solicit research papers related to the following areas:  
  FPGA Architecture: Architectures for programmable logic fabrics or their components, including routing, flexible logic cells, embedded blocks (memory, DSP, processors), and I/O interfaces. Novel commercial architectures and architectural features.  
  FPGA Circuit Design: Circuits and layout techniques for the design of FPGAs. Impact of future process and design technologies on FPGAs as well as novel memory or nano-scale devices. Methods for analyzing and improving static and dynamic power consumption, power and clock distribution, yield, manufacturability, security, reliability, and testability.  
  CAD for FPGAs: Algorithms for synthesis, technology mapping, logic and timing optimization, clustering, placement, and routing of FPGAs. Novel design software for system-level partitioning, debug, and verification. Algorithms for modeling, analysis and optimization of timing and power.  
  High-Level Abstractions and Tools for FPGAs: General-purpose and domain-specific languages, tools, and techniques to facilitate the design, debugging and verification of FPGA-based applications and systems. Novel hardware/software co-design and high-level synthesis methodologies enabling digital signal processing, compute acceleration, networking, machine learning, and embedded systems.  
  FPGA-based and FPGA-like Computing Engines: Systems and software for compiled accelerators, reconfigurable/adaptive computing, and rapid-prototyping. Programmable overlay architectures implemented using FPGAs.  
  Applications and Design Studies: Implementation of novel designs on FPGAs establishing state-of-the-art in high-performance, low-power, security, or high-reliability. Designs leveraging unique capabilities of FPGA architectures or demonstrating significant improvements over alternative programmable technologies (e.g., CPU, GPU). Design studies or architecture explorations enabling improvement of FPGA architectures.  
  Research submissions can be in either of two categories:  
  Regular — at most 10 pages (excluding references), for a regular presentation at the conference.  
  Short — at most 6 pages (excluding references), for a brief presentation.   
 Overview  
  The foci of the conference are Field-programmable gate array, Embedded system, Parallel computing, Computer architecture and Computer hardware. The study on Field-programmable gate array featured in the event expounds on the topic of Reconfigurable computing in particular. In the conference, Electronic circuit, Interconnection and Control reconfiguration are investigated in conjunction with one another to address concerns in Embedded system research.  
 The studies on Parallel computing discussed can also contribute to research in the domains of Lookup table, High-level synthesis, Scalability and Computation. Many of the studies tackled connect Computer architecture with a similar field of study like Compiler. The study on Session (computer science) presented in it intersects with the topics under Multimedia.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Field Programmable Gate Arrays:  
 The conference publications cover a variety of subjects, including Field-programmable gate array, Embedded system, Parallel computing, Computer architecture and Reconfigurable computing. Research in Field-programmable gate array tackled in falls within the umbrella of Computer hardware. The most cited articles explore topics in Embedded system which can be helpful for research in disciplines like CMOS and Control reconfiguration.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Field-programmable gate array 
  Operating system 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 The objective of Field Programmable Gate Arrays is to combine knowledge in the areas of Field-programmable gate array, Embedded system, Parallel computing, Computer architecture and Computer hardware. The work on Field-programmable gate array presented in the event focuses on Reconfigurable computing in particular. The event focuses on Embedded system but the discussions also offer insight into other areas such as Interconnection and Control reconfiguration.  
 The conference discusses concepts in Speedup under Parallel computing and how they intertwine with disciplines like Throughput (business). The Computer architecture study featured in the conference draws connections with the study of Programmable logic device. The Electronic circuit study featured in Field Programmable Gate Arrays draws parallels with the field of Benchmark (computing).  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 Jason Cong | (25 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Guy G.F. Lemieux | (18 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Jason H. Anderson | (15 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition, 
  George A. Constantinides | (15 papers) | published 3 papers at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition, 
  Jonathan Rose | (15 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  University of British Columbia | (23 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
   Previous Editions  
 FPGA 2022 : Symposium on Field Programmable Gate Arrays   
 Feb 27, 2022 - Feb 27, 2022  
 Monterey, CA, United States  
 31st ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays   
 Feb 12, 2023 - Feb 14, 2023  
 Monterey, United States  
 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays   
 Feb 12, 2023 - Mar 14, 2023  
 Monterey, CA, United States  
 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays   
 Feb 13, 2023 - Feb 14, 2023  
 Monterey, United States  
  10 Healthcare Degree Programs You Can Earn in 2 Years or Less in 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
