Academia-to-Industry Competence Incubator  
 Open Innovations Association FRUCT  
     About us 
  Conference | Registration 
  Call for Participation 
  Submit paper 
  Program 
  FRUCT Proceedings 
  List of conferences 
  Honorary nominations | FRUCT fellow nominations 
  Senior FRUCT fellow nominations 
  Advisory board 
  Our services 
 The conference sessions for online participants are split into 2 parts:  
  Online questions and answers session held in Zoom. As some conference participants report issues with Internet connection quality we recommend to held Zoom session in Audio only mode (without video). Please prepare your questions/comments to the authors and use this time to discuss the presented works. 
  Overview of FRUCT  
 The conference attracts most active and talented students to present their R&D projects, meet people alike, create new teams, and find employers and investors. The conference invites the world-class academic and industrial experts to lecture on the hottest topics. Traditionally the program consists of FRUCT work groups meetings and 3 days (We-Fr) of the main conference.   
 FRUCT conferences are organized every half a year, which is the reason for submission and acceptance notification deadlines be so close to the conference dates. If you need more time for visa and travel arrangements  just notify us by email and submit your paper following the Early bird submission deadline.  Then your paper will be taken to the early-review procedure and you get the notification of acceptance one month earlier.  
 Traditionally FRUCT pays a lot of attention to the Open Source and supports the corresponding activities and communities. The conference Demo session will include a lot of demos. The conference is supported by the local mobile Linux community and we welcome all mobile Linux and other apps developer to attend this event.  
 We welcome everybody to submit papers and take part in the conference, share your research and join the FRUCT Association. Thanks to sponsors we traditionally have low registration fee and various discounts can be applied. Please take early registration  to get the best fee and most advantages of your participation in the conference.  
 All conference papers and abstracts will be published Open Access in FRUCT proceeding at no additional cost (available for free under a CC BY-ND license download from FRUCT proceedings catalog  ).  
 We welcome patrons/sponsors to join the conference team. Please refer to the overview of patrons’ packages  and contact us  in case of any questions and proposals.  
 Background and motivation  
 The distinctive feature of modern IT and Telecommunications industries is in dramatic shortening of the period when technology remains commercially viable. On the one hand, this is due to the competition between key market players that are pushing all manufacturers to accelerate innovations; on the other hand, this is due to technological progress speed up caused by the growing expansion of intellectual resource invested into R&D and design activities. This trend is an important call and challenge for the leading educational and research institutions around the globe. In the FRUCT we believe that it is crucial to support practical cooperation between universities and industrial research. We also target in increasing visibility of involved research teams and set direct personal contacts between academic and industrial experts.  
 Call for papers and presentations  
 You can select one of the following 3 types of submissions:  
 Full papers (min 6 full pages and up to 12 pages), deadline | 15 September 2023; 
  Short papers (min 2 pages, max 6 pages), deadline | 15 September 2023; 
  Traditionally FRUCT doesn’t provide deadline extension, as instead we have early-bird submissions mechanism. But if authors need couple of extra days to finalize a paper, please send in advance email to info@fruct.org  and we will try to arrange it so that you can finalize your work.  
 The review process is organized as follows:  
 Full papers get at least 3 reviews by the | Technical Committee 
  Authors of selected best papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to be published in partner journals. 
 The Early bird submission deadline: 14 August 2023.   
 Please note that one person can be a coauthor of at maximum 3 submissions of all types: SUBMIT    
 Conference dates: | 15-17 November 2023 
  Conference location: Riga (Latvia) 
  Short Paper submission deadline: 15 September 2023 
  Full Paper Submission deadline: 15 September 2023 
  Notification of acceptance date: 13 October 2023 
  Camera-ready submission deadline: 20 October 2023 
  Authors registration deadline: 20 October 2023 
  Demos/Posters submission deadline: 6 November 2023 
 The list of conference topics (we welcome you to propose new R&D topics):  
  Teaching Methodology in Computer Science 
  Wearable-Computing Novel Architectures and Solutions 
  All conference papers and abstracts will be published Open Access in FRUCT proceeding (available for free download from FRUCT proceedings catalog  ). Accepted Full papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore  subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. In addition, Full papers will be submitted for indexing to Scopus  , WoS  , ACM   , DBLP  , RSCI (in VAK list)  , Google Scholar  , etc. Proceedings of FRUCT conference Full Papers are included into Scimago Journal Rank   , AMiner  , and CORE  . The FRUCT proceedings are included to DOAJ  .  
  The selected papers get invitations to publish extended papers in the partner journals. For example, in case of successful presentation and recommendation by the session chair some papers will be invited to publish an extended version of the paper in IJERTCS journal   (indexed by Scopus).  
 N.B.  Please note that we cannot guaranty indexation in Scopus for Short Papers and papers from Work in Progress section. If Scopus indexing is mandatory for you then make sure that your paper is accepted as Full Paper. Authors of all accepted papers must register to the conference, pay registration fee by author’s deadline and present paper at the conference, as otherwise the paper will get technical reject.  
 Authors of top Short or Work in Progress papers get invite to make extended versions of the paper in the partner journal, which is included in all major indexes.  
 Contact information  
 Chair of the local organizing committee: Nadezda Kunicina.  
 Alternatively, your questions about the conference can be emailed to info@fruct.org  .  
 Menu   
 Registration    
 Submit paper    
 News and Updates    
 Call for Participation    
