 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
   IIIT Hyderabad, India  
   Submission Deadline: Wednesday 12 Jul 2023   
   Conference Dates: Dec 18, 2023 - Dec 20, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 1.10   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
  Theoretical computer science (19.19%) 
  Discrete mathematics, Combinatorics, Theoretical computer science, Algorithm and Time complexity are among the topics commonly tackled in the conference. The conference centers on topics in Discrete mathematics, with a focus on Decidability. The conference emphasizes research on Decidability, which includes concerns such as Undecidable problem.  
 The work on Combinatorics addressed in the conference expands to the thematically related Upper and lower bounds. Research on Theoretical computer science addressed in the conference frequently intersections with the field of Programming language.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science:  
 The conference papers facilitate discussions on Theoretical computer science, Discrete mathematics, Algorithm, Combinatorics and Programming language. The most cited papers hold forums on Theoretical computer science that merge themes from other disciplines such as Modal logic and Artificial intelligence. While work presented in the most cited articles provide substantial information on Discrete mathematics, it also covers topics in Polynomial and Pushdown automaton.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Discrete mathematics 
  Algorithm 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science is mainly concerned with subjects like Discrete mathematics, Combinatorics, Theoretical computer science, Algorithm and Programming language. Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science facilitates discussions on Discrete mathematics that incorporate concepts from other fields like Automaton, Bounded function and Set (abstract data type). The Combinatorics works featured in the event incorporate elements from Upper and lower bounds and Polynomial.  
 Theoretical computer science research is the primary subject tackled in it with a focus on Model checking. The Decidability works, particularly on Undecidable problem are tackled in it.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 The top authors publishing at Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Venkatesan T. Chakaravarthy | (8 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Saket Saurabh | (8 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Yogish Sabharwal | (8 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Mohamed Faouzi Atig | (6 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition, 
  Geevarghese Philip | (5 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
 Only papers with recognized affiliations are considered   
 The top affiliations publishing at Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science (based on the number of publications) are:  
 IBM | (14 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Paris Diderot University | (12 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition, 
  Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai | (12 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Max Planck Society | (11 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 
  University of Bergen | (11 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 1 more than at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 Dec 18, 2022 - Dec 20, 2022  
 Madras, India  
 Dec 18, 2023 - Dec 20, 2023  
 IIIT Hyderabad, India  
  Most Affordable Online Medical Billing and Coding Courses for 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
