FTfJP 2024   Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024 Vienna, Austria    
 co-located with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024    
 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  FTfJP 2024 
  All Editions | FTfJP 2024 
  FTfJP 2023 
  FTfJP 2022 
  Sign up 
 FTfJP  
 All Editions   
 Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024 Vienna, Austria  FTfJP 2024  with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024    
 Formal techniques can help analyse programs, precisely describe program behaviour, and verify program properties. Modern programming languages are interesting targets for formal techniques due to their ubiquity and wide user base, stable and well-defined interfaces and platforms, and powerful (but also complex) libraries. New languages and applications in this space are continually arising, resulting in new progr ... 
 Tue 18 Jul 2023 Seattle (University of Washington campus), Washington, United States  FTfJP 2023  with ECOOP and ISSTA 2023    
 Formal techniques can help analyse programs, precisely describe program behaviour, and verify program properties. Modern programming languages are interesting targets for formal techniques due to their ubiquity and wide user base, stable and well-defined interfaces and platforms, and powerful (but also complex) libraries. New languages and applications in this space are continually arising, resulting in new progr ... 
 Mon 6 - Fri 10 June 2022 Berlin, Germany  FTfJP 2022  with ECOOP 2022    
 Participation: Participation in the workshop is hybrid as with ECOOP 2022, but registration through the ECOOP registration system is required. As a hybrid event, when considering virtual mode, the registration system will provide you with the link to participate in the Zoom conference sessions. Formal techniques can help analyse programs, precisely describe program behaviour, and verify program properties. Moder ... 
 20th Workshop on Formal Techniques for Java-like Programs Formal techniques can help analyze programs, precisely describe program behavior, and verify program properties. Languages such as Java, C#, and Scala are interesting targets for formal techniques due to their ubiquity and wide user base, stable and well-defined interfaces and platforms, and powerful (but also complex) libraries. New languages and applica ... 
 Welcome to the18th Workshop onFormal Techniques for Java-like Programs Formal techniques can help analyze programs, precisely describe program behavior, and verify program properties. Languages such as Java, C#, and Scala are interesting targets for formal techniques due to their ubiquity and large installed base, stable and well-defined interfaces and platforms, powerful (but also complex) l ... 
 Organizing Committee (FTfJP 2024)   
 Luca Di Stefano PC Chair    
