 More Sites    
 2023 IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems       
 About | Organization Committee 
  IEEE Policies 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Late Breaking Papers 
  Final Author Instructions 
  Presentation Instructions 
  Registration | Registration 
  Tutorials 
  Special Sessions 
  CIS Paper Development Workshop 
  CIS Mentor-Mentee Event 
  Panel 
  Competition and Workshops | Competition 
  Workshop and Competition 
  Venue and Accommodations | FUZZ-IEEE Transportation 
  How to get to FUZZ-IEEE 2023 
  Things To Do 
  Accomodations 
  All payments are in USD  
 CONFERENCE REGISTRATION | EARLY, THROUGH JULY 5, 2023 | AFTER THE EARLY BIRD DEADLINE 
 *Advance rates are applicable until the early registration deadline.   
 Registration does not include lunch   
 Registration includes | : 
  Access to the conference. 
  An accepted paper will be published in the proceedings only if the final camera-ready version is accompanied by the payment of at least one regular registration (IEEE/ or Non-Member) for one of the authors. Student registrations do | NOT | cover the cost of a publication. 
  No accepted paper is included in the proceedings without the payment of the required registration fee. 
  No accepted paper is included in the proceedings without being presented at the conference. 
  Each regular registration covers a maximum of two papers. 
  Proof of current full-time student status (i.e., a copy of student card or certification from current university) is required to qualify for student rates. 
  IMPORTANT: Each paper must have a corresponding registered author to be included in the proceedings. Papers that do not have an associated registered author will not be included in the proceedings. The deadline for author registration is June 20th, so be sure to register by that time to ensure that your paper is included in the proceedings. Registering late may mean that your paper may not appear in the proceedings. Please ensure that you complete your registration early. Each full registration covers a maximum of two papers. Each paper requires one full registration (even if all authors of the paper are students, i.e., a student registration does not cover any paper).  
 Refunds  :  
 Usage of photographic and video material taken at IEEE events   
 To comply with global data privacy laws, IEEE imposes certain restrictions on the use of multimedia at its events (e.g. photography, video, audio, online streaming, and all future mediums). An attendee is permitted to use hand-held cameras and/or smart phones to take photographs and capture digital images for personal, non-commercial use, provided the photography is not disruptive. Photographs may not be published, sold, reproduced, transmitted, distributed or otherwise commercially exploited in any manner whatsoever.   
 IEEE may hire professional service providers (photo/video/streaming/audio) to document and display the event experience. IEEE may also use social media (e.g. Twitter) to: (i) post real-time photos and videos to its social media feeds; and (ii) display select submissions from those feeds on monitors throughout the event venue. Attendees and sponsors are encouraged to capture their event experiences and post their own social content from the event (text, photos, audio, video, streaming), provided it does not infringe upon the rights of any attendee, sponsor, third party, or IEEE. Such infringement would include, but is not limited to, defamation or infringement of intellectual property rights. In the event an attendee requires a release or permission to protect the rights of a third party, obtaining such a release or permission shall be the sole responsibility of the attendee.   
 By attending the event, you acknowledge and agree as follows: (a) IEEE may edit and use footage it captures at the event for marketing and promotional activities and for any other lawful purpose in the ordinary course of its business; and (b) due to the prevalence of mobile recording devices in today’s world, IEEE disclaims all liability for the capture of your image in any multimedia format by other attendees at the event.   
 IEEE Event Photography Statement    
  “Attendance at, or participation in, this conference constitutes consent to the use and   
  distribution by IEEE of the attendee‚s image or voice for informational, publicity,   
  promotional and/or reporting purposes in print or electronic communications media.   
