   IEEE International Conference on Computer Communications   
 17–20 May 2023 // New York area // USA   
 Toggle navigation      Home 
  Authors | Call For Papers [Main Conference] 
  Call For Papers [Workshops] 
  Paper Submission Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Final Paper Submission Instructions [Main Conference] 
  Final Paper Submission Instructions [Workshops] 
  Presentation and Video instructions [Main Conference] 
  Call for Demos and Posters 
  Technical Program 
  Chairs' Messages 
  Accepted Paper List [Main Conference] 
  Posters/Demos 
  Keynote 
   Search       
  IEEE Global Internet (GI) Symposium  
 The 28 th  IEEE Global Internet (GI) Symposium 2023   
 Organized in conjunction with  
 IEEE International Conference on Computer Communications,  
 17-20 May 2023, New York area, USA  
 The IEEE Global Internet (GI) Symposium is the flagship event established and organized by the Internet Technical Committee (ITC), a joint committee of the IEEE Communications Society (ComSoc) and the Internet Society (ISOC). The GI Symposium provides a top forum for researchers and practitioners to present and discuss advances in the current and future Internet and Internet-related technologies. The focus of the GI symposium is on experimental systems over the Internet and the design of future global Internet technologies, such as Information-Centric Networking (ICN), Software-Defined Networking (SDN), Network Function Virtualization (NFV), network slicing, Artificial-Intelligence-based intelligent Internet, industrial Internet, and vehicular and drone networks, especially on a global Internet scale. The GI symposium also has a special focus on measurements-related aspects, besides the emerging technologies. In addition to the traditional research papers, we encourage papers with well-thought-through concepts and positions, papers that contrast proposed approaches, papers that clarify and compare inherent differences between competing technologies, and heresies.  
 The topics of interest for the GI 2023 include but are not limited to the following:  
 Routing, switching and addressing 
  Future Internet and next-generation network architectures 
  Economic aspects of the Internet and network neutrality 
 PAPER SUBMISSION    
 Papers must be no more than 6 pages (IEEE two-column format, 10 pt) in total including references and figures, and follow the IEEE template.  
 Submitted papers should be unpublished work and should not be under review in any other conference or journal. Papers must show author names and affiliations, and be submitted in PDF with all non-standard fonts embedded.  
 Papers must be self-contained and written in English. Accepted papers will appear in the symposium proceedings published by IEEE and be submitted to IEEE Xplore Digital Library.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register and present the work in the symposium.  
 Journal Special Issues:   
 Selected papers will be recommended for a GI’23 dedicated special issue in IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management (IEEE TNSM, agreement to be confirmed) for potential fast-track publications..  
 IMPORTANT DATES    
 Submission deadline: December 20, 2022  January 3, 2023 (FIRM)   
 Acceptance notification: February 6, 2023  
 Camera ready submission: March 6, 2023  
 Workshop date: May 20, 2023  
 COMMITTEE    
