   IEEE Global Communications Conference   
 4–8 December 2023 // Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   
 Toggle navigation      Home 
  Industry Forums and Exhibition Committee 
  Authors | Call for Demo Proposals 
  Instructions for Symposium Final Paper Upload 
  Instructions For Workshop Final Paper Upload 
  Information on Executive Forums 
  Information on Industry Presentations 
  CTU Summit 
  WICE/N2Women Joint Workshop 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Board and Committee Meetings 
  Demonstration 
 Conference Venue 
  Join us for Globecom 2023 at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia  
 News and Announcements  
 Faces of Globecom 2023     
 Explore the vibrant moments of Globecom 2023! From December 4th to 8th, Kuala Lumpur Conventional Centre hosted an incredible gathering of minds at Globecom 2023. Now, we invite you to relive the highlights through a captivating array of pictures.  
  Join the conversation and share your favorite moments from Globecom 2023. Let's celebrate the spirit of collaboration and discovery together!  
  #Globecom2023  
  #MemoriesInPictures  
 Best Paper Awards Announced!     
 Congratulations to all GLOBECOM 2023 Best Paper Award recipients! Click here for the list of recipients   .  
 Program at a Glance      
 We're thrilled to unveil the latest updates for IEEE Globecom 2023   , your premier destination for knowledge and networking. Dive into our Program at a Glance   for a sneak peek into the rich tapestry of sessions, workshops, and activities awaiting you. Explore our distinguished List of Keynote speakers   who will ignite your imagination and spark enlightening discussions. Elevate your industry acumen at our List of Executive Forums   , where thought leaders converge. Gain fresh perspectives from industry experts at our List of Industry Panels   , and don't forget to take advantage of our comprehensive Tutorial sessions   . Plus, discover opportunities for financial assistance through our Travel Grants   program, ensuring accessibility for all. Stay tuned for more exciting updates as December 4th, 2023, approaches. Prepare to be inspired, informed, and connected at Globecom 2023! Intelligent Communications for Shared Prosperity    
 See you in Kuala Lumpur     
 7 Distinguished Keynote Speakers Announced for Globecom 2023      
 We are delighted to announce that our upcoming event will feature 7 exceptional keynote speakers, including Peiying Zhu from Huawei, Mathias Fink from ESPCI Paris, Mérouane Debbah from TII, Muriel Médard from MIT, Ed Tiedemann from Qualcomm, Harald Haas from the University of Strathclyde/Glasgow, and Li Tian from ZTE. These accomplished professionals areleaders in their respective fields, with extensive experience and expertise that they will bring to our event. We are thrilled to have such a distinguished group of keynote speakers and look forward to their insights and contributions to our discussions.  
 CALL FOR PATRONAGE      
 GLOBECOM 2023: CALL FOR PATRONAGE   
 Dear Sir/Madam,  
 IEEE Global Communications (GLOBECOM) 2023 conference, the flagship conference under IEEE ComSoc will finally be held in Malaysia, from 4– 8 December, in KL Convex, Kuala Lumpur.  
 Attached is the sponsorship brochure for your perusal, as a start. We are open for further discussion on the matter, which can be beneficial for both your organization and the event. We hope to hear from you soon.  
  Azwan Mahmud   
  Patronage Co-chair  
  IEEE Globecom 2023  
 WELCOME TO IEEE GLOBECOM 2023  
 The 2023 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM) will be held in the warm and wonderful city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from 4 to 8 December 2023. Themed “ Intelligent Communications for Shared Prosperity   ” this flagship conference of the IEEE Communications Society will feature a comprehensive high-quality technical program including 13 symposia and a variety of tutorials and workshops. IEEE GLOBECOM 2023 will also include an attractive Industry program, with keynotes and panels from prominent research, industry and government leaders, business and industry panels, and vendor exhibits.  
  We would like to invite all for the upcoming Globecom 2023 at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  
 Visit this link for further information:  
 TRAVEL RESTRICTIONS   
 IEEE GLOBECOM 2023 will be held fully in person  .    
  Those authors which will not be allowed to travel abroad by strict national rules in force at the time of the conference will be given the opportunity to present their accepted work remotely through a video presentation.  
 Conference Begins  
  4 December 2023  
 Important Dates  
 Panel Proposals:   
  30 June 2023    
 Workshop Paper Submission Deadline:   
  15 July 2023   
  29 July 2023 (Extended)   
  12 August 2023 (FINAL)    
 Acceptance Notification:   
  1 August 2023    
 Camera-Ready Submissions:   
  1 September 2023    
 Platinum Patrons  
