   IEEE Global Communications Conference   
 4–8 December 2023 // Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   
 Toggle navigation      Home 
  Industry Forums and Exhibition Committee 
  Authors | Call for Demo Proposals 
  Instructions for Symposium Final Paper Upload 
  Instructions For Workshop Final Paper Upload 
  Information on Executive Forums 
  Information on Industry Presentations 
  CTU Summit 
  WICE/N2Women Joint Workshop 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Board and Committee Meetings 
  Demonstration 
 Register Now   
 Registration for GLOBECOM 2023 is open! Before starting the registration process, please be sure to review the registration fees (see below) and the registration policies and other travel policies on the sidebar menu.  
 If you are an author, please carefully review the author registration polic  y, and the transfer/substitution policy  .  
 AUTHOR REGISTRATION FEES  
  Author Registration Deadline: 1 September   
 All listed fees are in US Dollars 
 ComSoc   
 NON-AUTHOR REGISTRATION FEES  
  Non-author Early Registration Deadline: 3 November   
 All listed fees are in US Dollars 
 ComSoc   
 Early/Late 
 Non-Author   
 Non-Author   
 REGISTRATION BENEFITS   
 Author Full Conference | Presentation and Publication of up to 3 papers, access to all sessions (5 - 7 Dec) including keynotes and industry sessions, Welcome Reception, coffee breaks, lunches, (1) Conference Banquet ticket, (1) Award luncheon ticket, access to online technical proceedings.  
 Please note that Workshop and Tutorials registration are at an additional cost. 
 Author Limited Conference | Presentation and Publication of up to 3 Papers, access to all sessions (5 - 7 Dec) including keynotes and industry sessions, Welcome Reception, coffee breaks, lunches, access to online technical proceedings.  
 Please note that Workshop and Tutorials registration are at an additional cost. 
 Non-Author Full Conference | Access to all sessions (5 - 7 Dec) including keynotes and industry sessions, Welcome Reception, coffee breaks, lunches, (1) Conference Banquet ticket, (1) Award luncheon ticket, access to online technical proceedings.  
 Please note that Workshop and Tutorials registration are at an additional cost. 
 Non-Author Limited Conference | Access to all sessions (5 - 7 Dec) including keynotes and industry sessions, Welcome Reception, coffee breaks, lunches, access to online technical proceedings.  
 Please note that Workshop and Tutorials registration are at an additional cost. 
 Author Workshop | Presentation and Publication of up to 3 papers, access to workshop or tutorial program (4 Dec or 8 Dec), welcome reception, coffee breaks and lunch (4 Dec or 8 Dec), access to online workshop proceedings 
 Non-author Workshops and Tutorials (per day) | Access to workshop and tutorial program (4 Dec or 8 Dec), welcome reception (4 Dec), coffee breaks and lunch (4 Dec or 8 Dec), access to online workshop proceedings 
 One-Day | Access to all sessions on SELECTED DATE (5 Dec, 6 Dec or 7 Dec) including keynotes and industry sessions, Welcome Reception, coffee breaks, lunch, access to online technical proceedings.  
 Please note that Workshop and Tutorials registration are at an additional cost. 
 Industry Program Only | Access to IEEE GLOBECOM Industry Program, keynotes sessions, coffee breaks, lunches.  
  Please note that Workshop and Tutorials registration are at an additional cost. 
 Workshops and Tutorials (per day) (Student) | Access to workshop an tutorial program (4 Dec or 8 Dec), welcome reception (4 Dec), coffee breaks and lunches (4 Dec or 8 Dec), access to online workshop proceedings 
 AUTHOR REGISTRATION POLICY    
 STUDENT GRANT INFORMATION    
 VISA LETTER INFORMATION    
