   IEEE Global Communications Conference   
 4–8 December 2023 // Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   
 Toggle navigation      Home 
  Industry Forums and Exhibition Committee 
  Authors | Call for Demo Proposals 
  Instructions for Symposium Final Paper Upload 
  Instructions For Workshop Final Paper Upload 
  Information on Executive Forums 
  Information on Industry Presentations 
  CTU Summit 
  WICE/N2Women Joint Workshop 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Board and Committee Meetings 
  Demonstration 
 Download Call for Symposium Papers PDF    
 The 2023 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM) invites submissions for its symposium papers. This year, the conference will be held in the warm and thriving city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from December 4th to 8th, making it the first time that the conference is being organized in this location. Themed "Intelligent Communications for Shared Prosperity," the technical program will include 13 symposia, tutorials, and workshops, as well as an industry program featuring keynotes and panels from research, industry, and government leaders, business and industry panels, and a technological exhibit. Submit your symposium paper for the opportunity to share your research and ideas with leading experts in the field and be a part of the historic first GLOBECOM in Kuala Lumpur.  
 PLEASE NOTE   : Only original papers that have not been published or submitted for publication elsewhere will be considered. Prospective authors are invited to submit technical papers of their previously unpublished work.  
 All papers for technical symposia (including Selected Areas in Communications) should be submitted via EDAS   .  
 IMPORTANT DATES   
  Acceptance Notification:  1 August 2023  
  Accepted Author Registration:  1 September 2023  
  Camera-Ready:  1 September 2023 
  TECHNICAL SYMPOSIA   
  SAC - Terahertz Communications ( CFP  | EDAS  )   
 Chong Han | , Shanghai Jiao Tong University, PRC 
  Prospective authors are invited to submit original technical papers for presentation and publication. Accepted and presented technical papers will be published in the IEEE GLOBECOM 2023 Conference Proceedings and submitted to IEEE Xplore®.  
 Please address questions regarding a specific symposium or a SAC symposium track to the respective symposium co-chairs or the SAC symposium track chairs listed on the conference website.  
 Please make sure to follow the Author and Submission Guidelines  listed below.  
  AUTHOR AND SUBMISSION GUIDELINES   
 Important IEEE Policy Announcement: The IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (including its removal from IEEE Explore) if the paper is not presented at the conference.  
 Papers are reviewed on the basis that they do not contain plagiarized material and have not been submitted to any other conference at the same time (double submission). These matters are taken very seriously and the IEEE Communications society will take action against any author who engages in either practice. Follow these links to learn more:  
 IEEE Policy on Plagiarism   
  IEEE Policy on Double Submission   
 PLEASE NOTE:  To be published in the IEEE GLOBECOM 2023 Conference Proceedings and to be eligible for publication in IEEE Xplore®, an author of an accepted paper is required to register for the conference at the FULL or LIMITED (member or non-member) rate and the paper must be presented by an author of that paper at the conference unless the TPC Chair grants permission for a substitute presenter in advance of the event and who is qualified both to present and answer questions. Non-refundable registration fees must be paid prior to uploading the final IEEE formatted, publication-ready version of the paper. For authors with multiple accepted papers, one FULL or LIMITED registration is valid for up to 3 papers. Accepted and presented papers will be published in the IEEE GLOBECOM 2023 Conference Proceedings and submitted to IEEE Xplore®.  
 During the initial paper submission process via EDAS  , it is the authors' responsibility to ensure that the author list and the paper title of the submitted pdf file is an exact match to the author list and paper title on the EDAS  registration page. In particular, the EDAS  registration page must include all co-authors, not just the submitting author. Failure to comply with this rule might result in your paper being withdrawn from the review process. Please be aware that the author list of an accepted paper can NOT be changed in the final manuscript. Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process, and all submissions must be done through EDAS  .  
 IMPORTANT:   
 The page length limit for all initial submissions for review is SIX (6) printed pages (10-point font) and must be written in English. Initial submissions longer than SIX (6) pages will be rejected without review.  
  You may also use one of the following templates for Microsoft Word: A4, US letter.  
 Download Standard IEEE conference templates for LaTeX formats >>   
 If you have any questions regarding the submission of manuscripts, please contact one of the Technical Program Chairs of the Symposia that you are submitting a paper.  
 Call for Demo Proposals 
  Instructions for Symposium Final Paper Upload 
  Instructions For Workshop Final Paper Upload 
  Information on Executive Forums 
  Information on Industry Presentations 
