GPCE 2024   Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024 Pasadena, California, United States    
 co-located with SPLASH 2024    
 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  GPCE 2024 
  All Editions | GPCE 2024 
  GPCE 2023 
  GPCE 2022 
  Sign up 
 GPCE  
 All Editions   
 Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024 Pasadena, California, United States  GPCE 2024  with SPLASH 2024    
 Dates to be announced Cascais, Portugal  GPCE 2023  with SPLASH 2023    
 ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experiences (GPCE) is a venue for researchers and practitioners interested in techniques that use program generation, domain-specific languages, and component deployment to increase programmer productivity, improve software quality, and shorten the time-to-market of software products. In addition to exploring cutting-edge techniques of ... 
 Tue 6 - Wed 7 December 2022 Auckland, New Zealand  GPCE 2022  with SPLASH 2022    
 No description available 
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experiences (GPCE) is a venue for researchers and practitioners interested in techniques that use program generation, domain-specific languages, and component deployment to increase programmer productivity, improve software quality, and shorten the time-to-market of software products. In addition to exploring cutting-edge technique ... 
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experiences (GPCE) is a venue for researchers and practitioners interested in techniques that use program generation, domain-specific languages, and component deployment to increase programmer productivity, improve software quality, and shorten the time-to-market of software products. In addition to exploring cutting-edge technique ... 
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experiences (GPCE) is a venue for researchers and practitioners interested in techniques that use program generation, domain-specific languages, and component deployment to increase programmer productivity, improve software quality, and shorten the time-to-market of software products. In addition to exploring cutting-edge technique ... 
 An issue with the scheduling system prevents the GPCE program from showing the SLE keynote taking place at 8:30am on Tuesday. GPCE attendees are welcome and encouraged to attend! The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experience (GPCE) is a venue for researchers and practitioners interested in techniques that use program generation, domain-specific languages, and compo ... 
 The International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experience (GPCE) is a venue for researchers and practitioners interested in techniques that use program generation, domain-specific languages, and component deployment to increase programmer productivity, improve software quality, and shorten the time-to-market of software products. In addition to exploring cutting-edge techniques of generati ... 
 15th International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experience Generative and component approaches and domain-specific abstractions are revolutionizing software development just as automation and componentization revolutionized manufacturing. Raising the level of abstraction in software specification has been a fundamental goal of the computing community for several decades. Key technologies ... 
 Generative and component approaches and domain-specific abstractions are revolutionizing software development just as automation and componentization revolutionized manufacturing. Raising the level of abstraction in software specification has been a fundamental goal of the computing community for several decades. Key technologies for automating program development and lifting the abstraction level closer to the p ... 
 Steering Committee (GPCE 2024)   
 Coen De Roover Steering Committee Chair    
