SPLASH 2023   Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2023 Cascais, Portugal    
 Toggle navigation        
  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 22 Oct 
  Mon 23 Oct 
  Tue 24 Oct 
  Wed 25 Oct 
  Thu 26 Oct 
  Fri 27 Oct 
  Tracks | SPLASH 2023 
  Awards 
  OOPSLA 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  DLS 
  GPCE 
  LOPSTR 
  MPLR 
  ST30 
  VMIL 
  Organization | SPLASH 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  DLS | Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  GPCE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  LOPSTR | N/A - check homepage 
  SAS | Invited Speakers 
  Organizing Committee 
  SAS 2023 
  SAS 2023 Artifacts 
  SLE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  Sign up 
  SPLASH 2023  ( series  ) /  GPCE 2023 ( series  ) /  GPCE 2023  
 About 
  Accepted Papers 
  Call for Papers 
  ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts & Experiences (GPCE) is a venue for researchers and practitioners interested in techniques that use program generation, domain-specific languages, and component deployment to increase programmer productivity, improve software quality, and shorten the time-to-market of software products. In addition to exploring cutting-edge techniques of generative software, our goal is to foster further cross-fertilization between the software engineering and the programming languages research communities.  
 Generative and component approaches and domain-specific abstractions are revolutionizing software development just as automation and componentization revolutionized manufacturing. Raising the level of abstraction in software specification has been a fundamental goal of the computing community for several decades. Key technologies for automating program development and lifting the abstraction level closer to the problem domain are Generative Programming for program synthesis, Domain-Specific Languages (DSLs) for compact problem-oriented programming notations, and corresponding Implementation Technologies aiming at modularity, correctness, reuse, and evolution. As the field matures Applications and Empirical Results are of increasing importance.  
 GPCE 2023 will be co-located with SPLASH, SAS, and SLE. The conference will be hosted in Lisbon, Portugal.  
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Sun 22 Oct   
 Displayed time zone: Lisbon  change      
 30m    
 Talk | GPCE Welcome by Chairs   GPCE   
 Amir Shaikhha  University of Edinburgh  , Coen De Roover  Vrije Universiteit Brussel 
 30m    
 Talk | Generating Conforming Programs With Xsmith   GPCE   
 William G Hatch  University of Utah  , Pierce Darragh  University of Utah  , Sorawee Porncharoenwase  University of Washington  , Guy Watson  University of Utah  , Eric Eide  University of Utah 
 30m    
 Talk | Multi-Stage Vertex-Centric Programming for Agent-Based Simulations   GPCE   
 Zilu Tian  EPFL 
 30m    
 Talk | A pred-LL(*) Parsable Typed Higher-Order Macro System for Architecture Description Languages   GPCE   
 Christoph Hochrainer  TU Wien  , Andreas Krall  Vienna University of Technology, Austria 
 30m    
 Talk | A Monadic Framework for Name Resolution in Multi-Phased Type Checkers   GPCE   
 Casper Bach Poulsen  Delft University of Technology  , Aron Zwaan  Delft University of Technology  , Paul Hübner  Delft University of Technology    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 30m    
 Talk | C2TACO: Lifting Tensor Code to TACO   GPCE   
 José Wesley De Souza Magalhães  University of Edinburgh  , Jackson Woodruff  University of Edinburgh  , Elizabeth Polgreen  University of Edinburgh  , Michael F. P. O'Boyle  University of Edinburgh 
 Talk | GPCE 2022 Most Influential Paper - Xbase: Implementing Domain-Specific Languages for Java   GPCE   
 Sven Efftinge  Gitpod GmbH  , Moritz Eysholdt  Gitpod GmbH  , Jan Köhnlein  Gitpod GmbH  , Sebastian Zarnekow   , Wilhelm Hasselbring  Kiel University  , Michael Hanus  Kiel University 
 Talk | GPCE 2023 Most Influential Paper - Don’t Underestimate the Importance of Experiments: The Case of Preprocessor Annotations   GPCE   
 Sandro Schulze  Anhalt University of Applied Sciences  , Jörg Liebig   , Janet Siegmund  Chemnitz University of Technology  , Sven Apel  Saarland University 
 Mon 23 Oct   
 Displayed time zone: Lisbon  change      
 Tutorial | GPCE Tutorial - Compile-time generative programming for OCaml: flexible, safe and efficient   GPCE   
 Jeremy Yallop  University of Cambridge 
 Talk | Coccinelle: Impact and Internals   GPCE   
 Julia Lawall  Inria 
 30m    
 Talk | Crossover: Towards Compiler-enabled COBOL-C Interoperability   GPCE   
 Mart van Assen  University of Twente  , Manzi Aimé Ntagengerwa  University of Twente  , Ömer Faruk Sayilir  University of Twente  , Vadim Zaytsev  University of Twente, Netherlands 
 30m    
 Talk | Partial Evaluation of Automatic Differentiation for Differential-Algebraic Equations Solvers   GPCE   
 Oscar Eriksson  KTH Royal Institute of Technology  , Viktor Palmkvist  KTH Royal Institute of Technology  , David Broman  KTH Royal Institute of Technology 
 30m    
 Talk | Generating Constraint Programs for Variability Model Reasoning: A DSL and Solver-Agnostic Approach   GPCE   
 Camilo Correa Restrepo  University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne, Paris, France  , Jacques Robin  ESIEA, Paris, France  , Raúl Mazo  ENSTA Bretagne 
 30m    
 Talk | Virtual Domain Specific Languages via Embedded Projectional Editing   GPCE   
 Niklas Korz  Alugha GmbH  , Artur Andrzejak  Heidelberg University 
 30m    
 Talk | Unleashing the Power of Implicit Feedback in Software Product Lines: Benefits ahead   GPCE   
 Raul Medeiros  University of the Basque Country (UPV/EHU)  , Oscar Diaz  University of the Basque Country, Spain  , David Benavides  Universidad de Sevilla 
 30m    
 Talk | Automatically Generated Supernodes for AST Interpreters Improve Virtual-machine Performance   GPCE   
 Matteo Basso  Università della Svizzera italiana (USI), Switzerland  , Daniele Bonetta  Oracle Labs  , Walter Binder  USI Lugano 
 Title 
 A Monadic Framework for Name Resolution in Multi-Phased Type Checkers  GPCE   
 Casper Bach Poulsen  , Aron Zwaan  , Paul Hübner    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 A pred-LL(*) Parsable Typed Higher-Order Macro System for Architecture Description Languages  GPCE   
 Christoph Hochrainer  , Andreas Krall 
 Automatically Generated Supernodes for AST Interpreters Improve Virtual-machine Performance  GPCE   
 Matteo Basso  , Daniele Bonetta  , Walter Binder 
 C2TACO: Lifting Tensor Code to TACO  GPCE   
 José Wesley De Souza Magalhães  , Jackson Woodruff  , Elizabeth Polgreen  , Michael F. P. O'Boyle 
 Crossover: Towards Compiler-enabled COBOL-C Interoperability  GPCE   
 Mart van Assen  , Manzi Aimé Ntagengerwa  , Ömer Faruk Sayilir  , Vadim Zaytsev 
 Generating Conforming Programs With Xsmith  GPCE   
 William G Hatch  , Pierce Darragh  , Sorawee Porncharoenwase  , Guy Watson  , Eric Eide 
 Generating Constraint Programs for Variability Model Reasoning: A DSL and Solver-Agnostic Approach  GPCE   
 Camilo Correa Restrepo  , Jacques Robin  , Raúl Mazo 
 Multi-Stage Vertex-Centric Programming for Agent-Based Simulations  GPCE   
 Zilu Tian 
 Partial Evaluation of Automatic Differentiation for Differential-Algebraic Equations Solvers  GPCE   
 Oscar Eriksson  , Viktor Palmkvist  , David Broman 
 Unleashing the Power of Implicit Feedback in Software Product Lines: Benefits ahead  GPCE   
 Raul Medeiros  , Oscar Diaz  , David Benavides 
 Virtual Domain Specific Languages via Embedded Projectional Editing  GPCE   
 Niklas Korz  , Artur Andrzejak 
 Call for Papers  
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts & Experiences (GPCE) is a programming languages conference focusing on techniques and tools for code generation, language implementation, and product-line development.  
 New in GPCE 2023   
 This year, GPCE considers the following additional topics of interest:  
 AI/ML techniques for generating code, and 
  low code / no code approaches. 
  Also, GPCE solicits an additional paper category:  
 Generative Pearl: is an elegant essay about generative programming. Examples include but are not limited to an interesting application of generative programming and an elegant presentation of a (new or old) data structure using generative programming (similar to Functional Pearl in ICFP and Pearl in ECOOP). 
  Topics of Interest:   
 GPCE seeks conceptual, theoretical, empirical, and technical contributions to its topics of interest, which include but are not limited to:  
 program transformation, staging, 
  macro systems, preprocessors, 
  (NEW!) AI/ML techniques for generating code, and 
  (NEW!) low code / no code approaches. 
  GPCE promotes cross-fertilization between programming languages and software development and among different styles of generative programming in its broadest sense.  
 Authors are welcome to check with the PC chair whether their planned papers are in scope.  
 Paper Categories   
 GPCE solicits four kinds of submissions:  
 Full Papers: reporting original and unpublished results of research that contribute to scientific knowledge for any GPCE topics. Full paper submissions must not exceed 12 pages excluding the bibliography. 
  Short Papers: presenting unconventional ideas or new visions in any GPCE topics. Short papers do not always contain complete results as in the case of full papers, but can introduce new ideas to the community and get early feedback. Note that short papers are not intended to be position statements. Accepted short papers are included in the proceedings and will be presented at the conference. Short paper submissions must not exceed 6 pages excluding the bibliography, and must have the text “(Short Paper)” appended to their titles. 
  Tool Demonstrations: presenting tools for any GPCE topics. Tools must be available for use and must not be purely commercial. Submissions must provide a tool description not exceeding 6 pages excluding bibliography and a separate demonstration outline including screenshots also not exceeding 6 pages. Tool demonstration submissions must have the text “(Tool Demonstration)” appended to their titles. If they are accepted, tool descriptions will be included in the proceedings. The demonstration outline will only be used for evaluating the submission. 
  (NEW!) Generative Pearl: is an elegant essay about generative programming. Examples include but are not limited to an interesting application of generative programming and an elegant presentation of a (new or old) data structure using generative programming (similar to Functional Pearl in ICFP and Pearl in ECOOP). Accepted Generative Pearl papers are included in the proceedings and will be presented at the conference. Generative Pearl submissions must not exceed 12 pages excluding the bibliography (but may be shorter), and must have the text “(Generative Pearl)” appended to their titles. 
  Paper Selection   
 The GPCE program committee will evaluate each submission according to the following selection criteria:  
 Novelty. Papers must present new ideas or evidence and place them appropriately within the context established by previous research in the field. 
  Significance. The results in the paper must have the potential to add to the state of the art or practice in significant ways. 
  Evidence. The paper must present evidence supporting its claims. Examples of evidence include formalizations and proofs, implemented systems, experimental results, statistical analyses, and case studies. 
  Clarity. The paper must present its contributions and results clearly. 
  Best Paper Award   
 Following the tradition, the GPCE 2023 program committee will select the best paper among accepted papers. The authors of the best paper will be given the best paper award at the conference.  
 Paper Submission   
 All submissions must use the ACM SIGPLAN Conference Format “acmart”  . Be sure to use the latest LaTeX templates and class files  , the SIGPLAN sub-format, and 10-point font. Consult the sample-sigplan.tex  template and use the document-class \documentclass[sigplan,anonymous,review]{acmart}  .  
 To increase fairness in reviewing, GPCE 2023 uses the double-blind review process  which has become standard across SIGPLAN conferences:  
 Author names, institutions, and acknowledgments should be omitted from submitted papers, and 
  references to the authors’ own work should be in the third person. 
  No other changes are necessary, and authors will not be penalized if reviewers are able to infer authors’ identities in implicit ways.  
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Sun 10 Sep 2023  
  Camera-ready due 
 Sun 3 Sep 2023  
  Final notification 
 Sat 26 Aug 2023  
  Author response 
 Wed 23 Aug 2023  
  Review notification 
 Fri 14 Jul 2023  
  Paper submission 
 Mon 10 Jul 2023  
  Abstract submission 
 Submission Link   
  SPLASH 2023   
   Support page    
  Sponsored Talks    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 DLS 2023   
  GPCE 2023   
  LOPSTR 2023   
  MPLR 2023   
  PPDP 2023   
  SAS 2023   
  SLE 2023   
  Workshops  
 CONFLANG 2023   
  FTSCS 2023   
  HATRA 2023   
  IWACO 2023   
  LIVE 2023   
  PAINT 2023   
  PLF 2023   
  REBLS 2023   
  ST30   
  VMIL 2023    
 Attending  
