  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Best Paper Awards 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
 Chapters are the "local neighborhoods" of ACM. They serve as activity hubs for ACM members and the computing community at large, offering seminars, presentations, and opportunities to meet peers and experts in many computing fields.  
 Awards & Recognition  SIGPLAN 2023 Awards Announced   
 The ACM Special Interest Group on Programming Languages (SIGPLAN) has announced its award recipients for 2023: Kathryn S. McKinley (Programming Languages Achievement Award); Talia Ringer (Distinguished Service Award); Kathi Fisler and Shriram Krishnamurthi (Distinguished Educator Award); OCaml (Programming Languages Software Award); Nate Foster (Robin Milner Young Researcher Award); Sam Westrick (John C. Reynolds Doctoral Dissertation Award); Thomas Dinsdale-Young, Lars Birkedal, Philippa Gardner, Matthew Parkinson, and Hongseok Yang (Most Influential POPL Paper Award); Jonathan Ragan-Kelley, Connelly Barnes, Andrew Adams, Sylvain Paris, Frédo Durand, and Saman Amarasinghe (Most Influential PLDI Paper Award).  
 Awards & Recognition  SIGPLAN Robert Milner Young Researcher Award Announced   
 2024 Gödel Prize Recipient Announced   
 ACM’s Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory (SIGACT) and the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS) have named Ryan Williams as the recipient of the 2024 Gödel Prize for the paper "Non-Uniform ACC Circuit Lower Bounds," published in Journal of the ACM  (JACM). Ryan's "algorithms to lower bounds" paradigm pioneered in the awarded paper opened the door to a rich two-way connection between algorithmic techniques and lower bound techniques.  
 2023 Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing   
 Awards & Recognition  SIGAda Award Recipients   
 ACM’s Special Interest Group on Ada (SIGAda) announced the recipients of two awards  recognizing outstanding technical contributions and distinguished service. Fabien Chouteau is the recipient of the 2022 ACM SIGAda Robert Dewar Award for Outstanding Ada Community Contributions for broad, lasting contributions to Ada technology & usage. Luis Miguel Pinho received the 2022 ACM SIGAda Distinguished Service Award for his exceptional contributions to SIGAda activities & products.  
 Awards & Recognition  Design Automation Conference (DAC) Awards   
 STOC Test of Time Awards Announced   
 The 2023 ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC) Test of Time Award recognizes papers published in the Proceedings of the Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing. This is the third year of this annual award. There are three awards, targeting the STOC conferences 10, 20, and 30 years prior to the year in which the award is given. The subjects of this year's selected papers include introducing fundamental techniques for producing integral solutions, quantum mechanics in theoretical computer science, adding the powerful new technique of sieving to lattice algorithms, and more.  
 Virtual Conferences  Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices   
 Volunteer commitment and coordination is the foundation that makes an ACM conference successful. ACM provides a comprehensive planning guide with instructions and best practices to help create the best possible event.  
 Conferences Best Paper Awards   
 Best Paper Awards are presented at many ACM conferences to authors whose work represents groundbreaking research in their respective areas. By recognizing these select papers for their ingenuity and importance, ACM highlights some of the theoretical and practical innovations that are likely to shape the future of computing .   
 Desirable Characteristics for AI Teaching Assistants in Programming Education   
  By Paul Denny, Stephen MacNeil, Jaromir Savelka, Leo Porter, Andrew Luxton-Reilly  
  Best Paper at ITiCSE '24: Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education  
 Mining Domain-Based Policies   
  By Si Zhang, Philip W. L. Fong  
  Best Paper Award at CODASPY '24: 14th ACM Conference on Data and Application Security and Privacy  
 The Impact of Perceived Tone, Age, and Gender on Voice Assistant Persuasiveness in the Context of Product Recommendations   
  By Sabid Bin Habib Pias, Ran Huang, Donald S. Williamson, Minjeong Kim, Apu Kapadia  
  Best paper award at CUI '24: ACM Conversational User Interfaces  
 More Best Papers    
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
