  Styrdokument 
  Sustainable development    Submenu for Sustainable development | Sustainability results 2023 
  We build the future citycampus 
  Quality assurance in education and research 
  News and events 
  Find events 
  HAI 2023 - International Conference on Human-Agent Interaction 
 HAI 2023 - International Conference on Human-Agent Interaction  
 Science and Information Technology   
 Date   
 4 Dec 2023 - 7 Dec 2023   
 Location   
 Wallenberg Conference Center, Medicinareberget, Gothenburg, Sweden       
 Registration deadline   
 15 November 2023   
 Additional info   
 HAI 2023 - International Conference on Human-Agent Interaction       
  Registration is closed.   
 Start date  4  Dec  2023   To  -   End date  7  Dec  2023     
  The Eleventh International Conference on Human-Agent Interaction (HAI 2023) aims to be the premier interdisciplinary venue for discussing and disseminating state-of-the-art research and results that have implications across conventional interaction boundaries including robots, software agents and digitally-mediated human-human communication. HAI will gather researchers from fields spanning engineering, computer science, psychology and sociology, and will cover diverse topics, including: human-robot interaction, affective computing, computer-supported collaborative work, gaming and serious games, artificial intelligence, and more.  
 The theme for the HAI2023 conference will be “Human Empowerment and Inclusive Society”  . The development of HAI and AI tools in virtual and real contexts has enriched the metaverse and opened up new possibilities in social tasks and for human beings themselves. This has raised questions on the trustworthiness and fairness of these systems. Further, how we can make these systems more equitable and inclusive in their design as they interact with humans. Consequently, the next step we need to take is to carry out in expanding an inclusive society as one of sustainable development goals. It is still unclear how people can live happily amidst the amazing development of technology. While all submissions related to HAI are welcome, you are especially encouraged to submit papers in line with the theme for HAI 2023.  
 Conference website:  
 Please see the official website for more information:  
  HAI 2023 - International Conference on Human-Agent Interaction     
 Last modified   
 1 November 2023    
 Contact   
