The Haskell Symposium |  
   The Haskell  Symposium is an annual symposium organized in affiliation with the International Conference on Functional Programming ( ICFP  ). The symposium is sponsored by the Association for Computing Machinery ( ACM  ) under the aegis of the ACM Special Interest Group on Programming Languages ( SIGPLAN  ).  
 Scope  
 The purpose of the Haskell Symposium is to discuss experience with Haskell, and future developments for the language. The scope of the symposium includes all aspects of the design, semantics, theory, application, implementation and teaching of Haskell.  
 Past Haskell Workshops and Symposia  
 2024 | Milan | Proceedings (ACM DL) | J. Garrett Morris | Matthew Pickering 
 2023 | Seattle | Proceedings (ACM DL) | Niki Vazou | Ryan Scott 
 2022 | Ljubljana | Proceedings (ACM DL) | Nadia Polikarpova | Alejandro Serrano 
 Steering Committee   
 Responsibilities  
 The main purpose of the Haskell Symposium Steering Committee is to provide continuity of the symposium and Haskell Implementors' Workshop and to offer help and advice to the current organizer(s) of the symposium.  
 The responsibilities of the steering committee are: To provide continuity of the Haskell Symposium and Haskell Implementors' Workshop serve the Haskell community, and maintain the functional vision and vigour of the symposium and workshop. 
  To officially represent the Haskell Symposium with the sponsoring organization, ACM SIGPLAN, and consult with the SIGPLAN chair on matters of policy and planning. 
  To appoint the Haskell Symposium Program Chair each year in consultation with the SIGPLAN Chair, and approve the Program Chair's choice of Program Committee. 
  To provide help and guidance to the Haskell Symposium Program Chair in the overall technical organization of the symposium, as well with budget preparation and the cooperation with affiliated conferences and workshops. 
  To appoint the Haskell Implementors' Workshop chair each year. 
  To assist in the coordination of the Haskell Symposium with the Haskell Implementors' Workshop. 
  Membership  
 The Haskell Symposium Steering Committee comprises the three previous Haskell Symposium Program Chairs, the current Haskell Symposium Chair two previous Haskell Implementors' Workshop chairs, the current Haskell Implementors' Workshop chair, three appointed Members-At-Large, and as a non-voting ex officio member the vice chair of the SIGPLAN executive committee. 
  Each year, around the date of the Haskell Symposium, the Steering Committee, in consultation with the SIGPLAN Chair, appoints the Program Chair for the next Haskell Symposium. The steering committee additionally appoints a Haskell Implementors' Workshop chair and a new Member-At-Large to succeed the currently longest serving Member-At-Large. The new chairs and the newly appointed Member-At-Large then join the Steering Committee, while the longest serving former chairs and Member-At-Large step down. 
  The chair of the Steering Committee is the longest serving former Haskell Symposium Program Chair. 
  Should there be vacancies within the Steering Committee, e.g. due to a member stepping down early, the Steering Committee appoints members to fill the vacancies and, if necessary, decides on the succession ordering. 
  Current Members  
 Program Committee  
 The Program Committee is responsible for the technical content of the Haskell Symposium. The Haskell Symposium Program Chair, with the approval of the Steering Committee, appoints the Program Committee and leads its work.