ICFP 2023   Mon 4 - Sat 9 September 2023 Seattle, Washington, United States    
 Toggle navigation        
  Program | ICFP Program 
  Your Program 
   Mon 4 Sep 
  Tue 5 Sep 
  Wed 6 Sep 
  Thu 7 Sep 
  Fri 8 Sep 
  Sat 9 Sep 
  Tracks | ICFP 2023 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  ICFP Keynotes 
  miniKanren 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  Haskell 
  Organization | ICFP 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  miniKanren | Program Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  Haskell | Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
  ICFP 2024 
  ICFP 2023 
  ICFP 2022 
  Sign up 
  ICFP 2023  ( series  ) /  HIW 2023 ( series  ) /  HIW 2023  
 About 
  Call for Talks 
  Lightning Talks 
  The Haskell Implementors’ Workshop is a forum for those involved in implementing Haskell systems, infrastructure, libraries and tools, for people generally involved in implementing Haskell technology. We share our work and discuss future directions and collaborations with others.  
 In 2023, the Haskell Implementors’ Workshop will be co-located with ICFP 2023.  
 The workshop does not have proceedings. Talks and/or demos are proposed by submitting an abstract and selected by a small program committee. The workshop will be informal and interactive, with a flexible timetable and plenty of room for ad-hoc discussion, demos, and impromptu short talks.  
 Remote presentation policy   
 Authors are strongly encouraged to present their work in-person, but may present it remotely if in-person attendance is not possible. In either case the author presenting the work must register for the workshop. Registration for remote participation is significantly cheaper and covers the whole conference. If you are unable to attend in-person or have other scheduling constraints, then please let the workshop organisers know ASAP so that we can take this into account when putting together the schedule.  
 Plenary    
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Mon 4 Sep   
 Displayed time zone: Pacific Time (US & Canada)  change      
 30m    
 Talk | Integrating Liquid Haskell with GHC   HIW   
 Facundo Domínguez  Tweag 
 30m    
 Talk | Error Message Annotation Plugins for Haskell   HIW   
 Dylan Thinnes  Digital Asset 
 15m    
 Talk | Building web apps with Haskell and IHP (Lightning Talk)   HIW   
 Marc Scholten  digitally induced 
 15m    
 Talk | Execution domains in GHC/Haskell (Lightning Talk)   HIW   
 Ben Gamari  Well-Typed LLP 
 An Algorithm Generator for Fixed-point Oriented Programming (Lightning Talk)  HIW   
 Henry Blanchette 
 Building web apps with Haskell and IHP (Lightning Talk)  HIW   
 Marc Scholten 
 Deriving as a library (Lightning Talk)  HIW   
 Li-yao Xia 
 Error Message Annotation Plugins for Haskell  HIW   
 Dylan Thinnes 
 Execution domains in GHC/Haskell (Lightning Talk)  HIW   
 Ben Gamari 
 GHC Plugin for Setting Breakpoints  HIW   
 GHC status report  HIW   
 Simon Peyton Jones  , Ben Gamari 
 Integrating Liquid Haskell with GHC  HIW   
 Facundo Domínguez 
 Introduction  HIW   
 Call for Talks  
 The 15th Haskell Implementors’ Workshop is to be held alongside ICFP 2023 this year in Seattle. It is a forum for people involved in the design and development of Haskell implementations, tools, libraries, and supporting infrastructure to share their work and to discuss future directions and collaborations with others.  
 Talks and/or demos are proposed by submitting an abstract, and selected by a small program committee. There will be no published proceedings. The workshop will be informal and interactive, with open spaces in the timetable and room for ad-hoc discussion, demos, and lightning talks.  
 Scope and Target Audience   
 It is important to distinguish the Haskell Implementors’ Workshop from the Haskell Symposium which is also co-located with ICFP 2023. The Haskell Symposium is for the publication of Haskell-related research. In contrast, the Haskell Implementors’ Workshop will have no proceedings – although we will aim to make talk videos, slides, and presented data available with the consent of the speakers.  
 The Implementors’ Workshop is an ideal place to describe a Haskell extension, describe works-in-progress, demo a new Haskell-related tool, or even propose future lines of Haskell development. Members of the wider Haskell community are encouraged to attend the workshop – we need your feedback to keep the Haskell ecosystem thriving. Students working with Haskell are especially encouraged to share their work.  
 The scope covers any of the following topics. There may be some topics that people feel we’ve missed, so by all means submit a proposal even if it doesn’t fit exactly into one of these buckets:  
 Compilation techniques 
 We will also have a lightning talks session. These have been very well received in recent years, and we aim to increase the time available to them. Lightning talks should be ~7mins and are scheduled on the day of the workshop. Suggested topics for lightning talks are to present a single idea, a work-in-progress project, a problem to intrigue and perplex Haskell implementors, or simply to ask for feedback and collaborators.  
 Lightning Talks  
 We have a number of slots for lightning talks. Lightning talks will be ~7 minutes and are scheduled on the day of the workshop. Suggested topics for lightning talks are to present a single idea, a work-in-progress project, a problem to intrigue and perplex Haskell implementors, or simply to ask for feedback and collaborators.  
 Lightning talks are proposed by submitting a title and an abstract. Submissions will not be part of the peer-review process. Notification of acceptance will be continuous until slots are full. Accepted lightning talks will be posted on the workshop’s website.  
 Accepted lightning talks will be posted on the workshop’s website.  
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Mon 4 Sep 2023  
  Workshop 
 Fri 4 Aug 2023  
  Notification of acceptance 
 Sun 16 Jul 2023  
  Submission deadline 
 Submission Link   
  ICFP 2023   
  contact form    
  Volunteers    
 Workshops  
 DeclMed 2023   
  Erlang 2023   
  FARM 2023   
  FHPNC 2023   
  FUNARCH 2023   
  HIW 2023   
  HOPE 2023   
  Higher-order, Typed, Inferred, Strict: ML Family Workshop 2023   
  OCaml 2023   
  PLMW @ ICFP 2023   
  Scheme 2023   
  TyDe 2023   
  miniKanren 2023   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 Haskell 2023    
 Attending  
