HCist - International Conference on Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies                HCist     
 Home 
  Conference | Welcome 
  Submissions | Call for papers 
  Publications 
  Submission guidelines 
  Submit a paper 
  Reviewers login 
  Registration | Registration fees 
  Program | Schedule of events 
  Presentation guidelines 
  HOME  CONFERENCE  --- Welcome  --- Mission & Themes  ----- Mission  ----- Themes  --- Committees & Partners  ----- Committees  ----- Partners  --- Venue  --- Important dates  SUBMISSIONS  --- Call for papers  --- Publications  --- Submission guidelines  --- Submit a paper  --- Reviewers login  REGISTRATION  --- Registration fees  PROGRAM  --- Schedule of events  --- Presentation guidelines     
         HCist 2024  
 It is our great pleasure to invite you to HCist, an AIS Affiliated Conference  
 HCist 2024  
 The conference will be held in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal, will be co-located with the CENTERIS and ProjMAN conferences  
 HCist 2024  
 HCist is the place where academics, scientists, healthcare IT professionals, and solution providers from all over the world have the opportunity to share experiences and best practices, debate issues, and introduce the latest developments in Health and Social Care IT/IS  
 HCist 2024  
 The chosen venue for the 2024 edition is the Pestana Casino Park Ocean & SPA Hotel  
 HCist 2024  
 The Pestana Casino Park Ocean & SPA Hotel is a modern 5 star unit located at Funchal, in south coast of the Madeira island.  
 HCist 2024  
 The stunning views over the ocean, close proximity to the city's centre, and its unique prize-awarded architecture stands out as one of its main features  
 HCist 2024  
 The Hotel offers a set of multi-purpose rooms, equipped with the most modern facilities, with panoramic windows that convey the feeling of being in a natural paradise by the ocean  
 HCist 2024  
 Madeira, great experiences to be discovered...  
 Prepare a submission | Download paper template 
  Publications | Authors of selected papers will be invited to extend their papers for publication in international journals and in edited books.  
 Read more 
  Important dates | Paper submission: | July 25 (2nd call - ext.) 
  Notification of results: | Aug. 31 (2nd call - ext) 
  Rev. version: | Sept. 20 (2nd call - ext) 
  Conference: | November 13-15 
  Latest News  
 15 June 
  2024 | Call for papers  
 The 2nd call for papers for HCist 2024 is now open! (read more) 
  9 March 
  2024 | Virtual and physical modes  
 CENTERIS, Proj MAN and HCist 2024 conferences will foresee both online and physical presentation and participation modes. Our #1 focus is on delivering these world-class conferences, and your participation should not experience any disruptions. This means that we will accept online and physical presentations, and will organize virtual synchronous sessions. Special fees for remote online presentations and participations are in place. Online (virtual) participation is totally free for anyone without an accepted publication that wishes to virtually attend the conferences. 
  9 March 
  2023 | Venue  
 The conference will be held at the Pestana Casino Park Hotel, in Funchal, Madeira island, Portugal. (read more) 
 Conference  
 It is our great pleasure to invite you to HCist - International Conference on Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies. Already in its thirteenth edition, the conference will be held in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal, from 13 to 15 November 2024.  
  During this 3-day conference, under the leitmotiv of leveraging health and social care through people, processes and information systems, academics, scientists, healthcare IT professionals, managers and solution providers from all over the world will have the opportunity to share experiences, bring new ideas, debate issues, and introduce the latest developments in the largely multidisciplinary field embraced by Health and Social Care Information Systems and Technologies (HCist).  
 CENTERIS | Conference on Enterprise Inf. Systems 
  Proj MAN | Conference on Project Management 
  HCist | Conference on Healthcare Inf. Systems 
  Contacts  
 You can contact the conference organizers using the following channels:  
 secretariat@hcist.scika.org 
 Supporting entities  
