HCOMP 2023    Submit 
  Attend 
  Program 
  Past Meetings 
 HCOMP 2023  
 The Eleventh AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing  
  November 6–9, 2023  Delft, Netherlands  @hcomp_conf  – #HCOMP2023   
 Welcome to HCOMP 2023!  
 The 11th AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing (HCOMP 2023) will be held November 6-10th at Delft University of Technology as a joint conference with the CI2023-ACM Collective Intelligence Series.  
 HCOMP is the premier venue for disseminating the latest research findings on human computation and crowdsourcing. While artificial intelligence (AI) and human-computer interaction (HCI) represent traditional mainstays of the conference, HCOMP believes strongly in fostering and promoting broad, interdisciplinary research. Our field is particularly unique in the diversity of disciplines it draws upon and contributes to including human-centered qualitative studies and HCI design, social computing, artificial intelligence economics, computational social science, digital humanities, policy, and ethics. We promote the exchange of advances in human computation and crowdsourcing not only among researchers but also engineers and practitioners to encourage dialogue across disciplines and communities of practice.  
 Important Dates  
 All times are midnight AoE   
 June 2, 2023  
 Abstracts due   
 June 9, 2023  
 Full papers due   
 Nov 6-9, 2023  
 HCOMP 2023  
 Stay CONNECTED: HCOMP COMMUNITY 
  We welcome everyone who is interested in crowdsourcing and human computation to:  
 Join | crowd-hcomp | Google Group (mailing list) to post and receive crowdsourcing and human computation email announcements (e.g., calls-for-papers, job openings, etc.) including updates here about the conference. To subscribe send an email to | crowd-hcomp+subscribe@googlegroups.com | . 
  Check our | Google Group webpage | to view the archive of past communications on the HCOMP mailing list. 
  Keep track of our twitter hashtag | #HCOMP2024 | . 
  Join the | HCOMP Slack Community | to be in touch with researchers, industry players, practitioners, and crowd workers around Human Computation and relevant topics. 
 Copyright © HCOMP 2024. All Rights Reserved