  People 
  Previous 
  HCW 2024 
  HCW 2023 
 Updated Nov 04, 2024    
 HCW 2023  
 The thirty-second Heterogeneity in Computing Workshop ( HCW  ) was held at the Hilton St. Petersburg Bayfront Hotel, St. Petersburg, Florida, on May 15, 2023  . HCW is annually organized in conjunction with the International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium ( IPDPS  ).  
 HCW 2023 Program   
 HCW 2023 Call for Papers   
 Heterogeneous computing systems comprise growing numbers of increasingly more diverse computing resources that can be local to one another or geographically distributed. The opportunity and need for effectively utilizing heterogeneous computing resources has given rise to the notions of cluster computing, grid computing, and cloud computing. HCW encourages paper submissions from both the research and industry communities presenting novel ideas on theoretical and practical aspects of computing in heterogeneous computing environments.  
 St. Petersburg, Florida    
 HCW 2023 Program   
 Session Chairs  : Behrooz Shirazi (Washington State University, US) and Jan Christian Meyer (Norwegian University of Science and Technology, NO)  
 Peter Kogge  , the Ted H. McCourtney Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Notre Dame, delivered the HCW 2023 keynote.  
 Title  : Heterogeneity and the Problem that Shall Not Be Named   
 Abstract  : Heterogeneity is clearly increasing, especially as “accelerators” burrow deeper and deeper into different parts of an architecture. What is new, however, is a rapid change in not only the number of such heterogeneous cores, but in their characteristics, such as ISA or memory architecture. This talk is focused on the problem of how to construct efficient programs that combine multiple heterogeneous concurrent threads. We focus on the need today to invoke significant software stacks to cross any of these new boundaries. A suggestion is made of using migrating threads as the glue.  
  Panel Moderator  : H. J. Siegel (Colorado State University, US)  
  Panelists  : David Bader (New Jersey Institute of Technology, US), Taisuke Boku (University of Tsukuba, JP), Tsung-Wei Huang (University of Utah, US), Keshav Pingali (University of Texas at Austin, US)  
 HCW 2023 Call for Papers   
 May 15, 2023  
  St. Petersburg, Florida, USA  
 Sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society  
  through the Technical Committee on Parallel Processing (TCPP)  
 Most modern computing systems are heterogeneous  , either for organic reasons  because components grew independently, as it is the case in desktop grids, or by design  to leverage the strength of specific hardware, as it is the case in accelerated systems. In any case, all computing systems have some form of hardware or software heterogeneity   that must be managed, leveraged, understood, and exploited. The Heterogeneity in Computing Workshop (HCW) is a venue to discuss and innovate in all theoretical and practical aspects of heterogeneous computing: design, programmability, efficient utilization, algorithms, modeling, applications, etc. HCW 2023 will be the thirty-second annual gathering of this workshop.  
 Topics  
 Topics of interest include but are not limited to the following areas:  
 Heterogeneous Computing for Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL)  : Design, exploration, benchmarking, and analysis of accelerators and software frameworks for ML and DL applications on heterogeneous computing systems.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract submission | (required): February 18, 2023 
  Full paper submission | : February 18, 2023 
  Author notification | : February 28, 2023 
  Camera-ready submission | : March 15, 2023 (extended) 
  Paper Submissions  
 Manuscripts submitted to HCW 2023 should not have been previously published or be under review for a different workshop, conference, or journal.  
 Submissions must use the latest IEEE manuscript templates for conference proceedings  . Submissions may not exceed a total of ten single-spaced double-column pages using 10-point size font on 8.5×11 inch pages. The page limit includes figures, tables, and references. A single-blind review process will be followed.  
 Files should be submitted by following the instructions at the IPDPS 2023 submission site  .  
 It is required that all accepted papers will be presented at the workshop by one of the authors.  
 Workshop Organization  
 General Chair  : Jong-Kook Kim, Korea University, Korea  
 Technical Program Committee Co-Chairs  : Anne C. Elster and Jan Christian Meyer, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway  
 Questions may be sent to the HCW 2023 General Chair (Jong-Kook Kim: jongkook at korea dot ac dot kr) or Technical Program Committee Co-Chairs (Anne Elster: elster at ntnu dot no and Jan Christian Meyer: jan dot christian dot meyer at ntnu dot no).  
 Technical Program Committee  
 Mohsen Amini, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, USA  
  Uwe Schwiegelshohn, TU Dortmund University, Germany  
 Sponsors  
 IEEE IPDPS 2023 is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, through the Technical Committee on Parallel Processing (TCPP), and is held in cooperation with the IEEE Computer Society Technical Committees on Computer Architecture (TCCA) and Distributed Processing (TCDP).  
 HCW 2023 is sponsored by the U.S. Office of Naval Research and IEEE IPDPS 2023.  
  HCW 2024