  Birds-of-a-Feather Session 
  INFO FOR AUTHORS | Registration 
  Author Resources 
  Call For Papers (Closed) 
  Call For Workshops (Closed) 
  INFO FOR ATTENDEES | Proceedings Access Instructions 
  Registration 
  HiPC’ 23 Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Travel 
  30 th  IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics   
  December 18-21, 2023   
  Goa, India   
 HiPC' 23  
  Venue      
  Information      
 Author  
  Resources      
 About HiPC 2023    
 HiPC 2023 is the 30th edition of the IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics. It will be an in-person event in Goa, India, from December 18 to December 21, 2023  .   
 The meeting will be organized under two focus areas: High Performance Computing (HPC) and Scalable Data Science. The conference features a robust single-track technical program of peer reviewed papers and invited keynote lectures.   
 Scalable Data Science    
 18 th  - 21 st  December 2023    
 H I  PC   
  Goa, India  
 ABOUT HiPC 2023  
 HiPC 2023 is the 30th edition of the IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics.   
 The meeting will be organized under two focus areas: High Performance Computing (HPC) and Scalable Data Science. The conference features a robust single-track technical program of peer reviewed papers and invited keynote lectures.   
 Program Co-Chair – Data Science 
 HiPC 2023 SPONSORS  
  Titanium Sponsors  
 Participants are expected to adhere to these principles and respect the rights of others. IEEE seeks to provide a secure environment at its events. Participants should report any behavior inconsistent with the principles outlined here, to on site staff, security or venue personnel, or to [email protected]   .   
 Diversity and Inclusion @ HiPC  
 HiPC is committed to the promotion of diversity and inclusion in all professional activities. We  encourage the diversity and welcome everyone regardless of age, gender identity, race, ethnicity, socioeconomic background, country of origin, religion, sexual orientation, physical ability, political views, education, and work experience.    
 Copyright © 2024 HiPC - High Performance Computing