  Conference Publishing Services | Get a Quote 
  CPS Dashboard 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  CPS Organizer FAQ 
  PUBLICATIONS | Find the latest in advanced computing research.  VISIT THE DIGITAL LIBRARY 
  ComputingEdge  Magazine 
  Tech News Blog 
  Peer Review Resources | Author Guidelines 
  Reviewer Information 
  Guest Editor Information 
  Peer Review Content 
  Volunteer Opportunities 
  Publish | Author Resources 
  Calls for Papers 
  Publish Open Access 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  Leadership Network | Society Leadership 
  Boards & Committees 
 Home  / Conferences     
 CLOSED: Call for Papers: Chips 2023  
 27 - 29 August 2023 | Stanford, California, USA   
 Share this on:           
 Submissions Due: 22 March 2023   
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline: 22 March 2023 
  Notification of Acceptance  : 5 May 2023  
  About the Conference & Scope  
  Software and Systems for Emerging Hardware | Programming Models, Runtime Systems 
  Performance, Power, Debug, and Evaluation 
   Submission​ ​Details  
 Submissions must consist of the following:   
 “Presentation” or “Poster” 
  Extended abstract (two pages maximum) 
  Presenter’s contact information (name, affiliation, job title, address, phone(s), and email) 
  Indicate whether you have submitted, intend to submit, or have already presented or published a similar or overlapping submission to another conference or journal. 
  Indication if you would like the submission to be held confidential 
  Evaluation Criteria   
  Regular presentation and poster submissions are evaluated by the Program Committee on the basis of: performance of the device(s), degree of innovation, use of advanced technology, potential market significance and anticipated interest to the audience. Both regular presentation slides and posters are published in the Hot Chips proceedings.  
 Presentation Guidelines   
 Presentations at Hot Chips are in the form of 30-minute talks using PowerPoint or PDF. Presentation slides will be published in the Hot Chips Proceedings. Participants are not required to submit written papers, but selected papers will be invited to submit a paper for inclusion in a special issue of IEEE Micro.  
 Poster Guidelines   
  Poster submissions are also accepted from both industry and academia and consist of 4 slides with a one-page summary. In particular, student posters describing applied research performed at a university are encouraged. Program related questions/comments?  
