  Hot Interconnects 2024 
  August, 21st - 23rd 
 Home 
  Registration 
 Welcome to the 31st iteration of the IEEE Hot Interconnects symposium. HotI’2024 will be held virtually.  
 CONFERENCE VIDEOS UPLOADED ON HOTI YOUTUBE CHANNEL!   
 CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS ARE NOW AVAILABLE!   
 IEEE Hot Interconnects is the premier international forum for researchers and developers of state-of-the-art hardware and software architectures and implementations for interconnection networks of all scales, ranging from multi-core on-chip interconnects to those within systems clusters, and data centers. Leaders in industry and academia attend the conference to interact with individuals at the forefront of this field.  
 Our objective is to address the data center networking and the supercomputing communities. We hope you can join us and benefit not only from the content but also from the prime networking opportunities this event always offers.  
 2024 Conference Theme –  Can Interconnects Keep up with AI?   
 The explosion of AI and workloads related to machine learning and deep learning boggles the mind. Whether in massive data centers, edge locations, automobiles, or consumer appliances, AI stands to improve many tasks useful to people at work or at leisure. The demand for GPUs, DPUs, TPUs, and IPUs taxes the ability of their manufacturers to meet the market demand. Efficient utilization of these xPUs requires high speed and highly scalable interconnects. Whether between xPUs or between an xPU and memory, data transfer can easily become a bottleneck in computing efficiency.  
 In this edition of IEEE Hot Interconnects, we explore advances in interconnection networks that alleviate this bottleneck. Solutions including optical circuit switching, dense photonic data paths, high-performance fabrics, and more will expand from the specialized applications of HPC to the pervasive applications of AI and in the process will become more affordable. This year’s HotI will thus be captivatingly relevant.  
 KEYNOTES  
 Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion are central to the goals of the IEEE Computer Society and all of its conferences. Equity at its heart is about removing barriers, biases, and obstacles that impede equal access and opportunity to succeed. Diversity is fundamentally about valuing human differences and recognizing diverse talents. Inclusion is the active engagement of Diversity and Equity. A goal of the IEEE Computer Society is to foster an environment in which all individuals are entitled to participate in any IEEE Computer Society activity free of discrimination.  
 For this reason, the IEEE Computer Society is firmly committed to team compositions in all sponsored activities, including but not limited to, technical committees, steering committees, conference organizations, standards committees, and ad hoc committees that display Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion.  
 IEEE Computer Society meetings, conferences and workshops must provide a welcoming, open and safe environment, that embraces the value of every person, regardless of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, religion, national origin, ancestry, or disability. All individuals are entitled to participate in any IEEE Computer Society activity free of discrimination, including harassment based on any of the above factors.  
 31st IEEE Hot Interconnects symposium.   
 info@hoti.org 
 HotI 2024  
 Call for Papers 
 Archive  
 Hoti 2023 | Website  | Proceedings   
 Online Conference   
 August 21st - 23rd   
 This site follows the IEEE Privacy Policy    
