  Registration 
  Hot Interconnects 2023 
  August, 23 - 25 
 Home 
 Welcome to the 30th iteration of the IEEE Hot Interconnects symposium. HotI30 will be held virtually.  
 IEEE Hot Interconnects is the premier international forum for researchers and developers of state-of-the-art hardware and software architectures and implementations for interconnection networks of all scales, ranging from multi-core on-chip interconnects to those within systems clusters, and data centers. Leaders in industry and academia attend the conference to interact with individuals at the forefront of this field.  
 Our objective is to address the data center networking and the supercomputing communities. We hope you can join us and benefit not only from the content but also from the prime networking opportunities this event always offers.  
 Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion are central to the goals of the IEEE Computer Society and all of its conferences. Equity at its heart is about removing barriers, biases, and obstacles that impede equal access and opportunity to succeed. Diversity is fundamentally about valuing human differences and recognizing diverse talents. Inclusion is the active engagement of Diversity and Equity. A goal of the IEEE Computer Society is to foster an environment in which all individuals are entitled to participate in any IEEE Computer Society activity free of discrimination.  
 For this reason, the IEEE Computer Society is firmly committed to team compositions in all sponsored activities, including but not limited to, technical committees, steering committees, conference organizations, standards committees, and ad hoc committees that display Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion.  
 IEEE Computer Society meetings, conferences and workshops must provide a welcoming, open and safe environment, that embraces the value of every person, regardless of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, religion, national origin, ancestry, or disability. All individuals are entitled to participate in any IEEE Computer Society activity free of discrimination, including harassment based on any of the above factors.  
 30th IEEE Hot Interconnects symposium.   
 info@hoti.org 
 HotI 2023  
 Call for Papers 
 Online Conference   
 August 23td - 25th   
 This site follows the IEEE Privacy Policy    
 © Copyright 2022 by Gaviasthemes. Editions by Emilio Paolini and jan Ciesko. Hot Interconnects 2023.   
 Twitter     Facebook-square     Linkedin