  中文  |  English  |  Español  |  日本語     
 Conference Partner  » Conferences  » HotNets    
  Conference Information   
 HotNets 2024: ACM Workshop on Hot Topics in Networks  
 Submission Date: | 2024-06-27 
 Notification Date: | 2024-09-13 
 Conference Date: | 2024-11-18 
 Location: | Irvine, California, USA 
  Call For Papers   
 The 23rd ACM Workshop on Hot Topics in Networks (HotNets 2024) will bring together researchers to engage in a lively debate on the theory and practice of computer networking and networked systems. HotNets provides a venue to discuss innovative ideas and debate future research agendas for the field. We invite researchers and practitioners to submit short position papers. We encourage submissions that identify fundamental open questions, advocate for new approaches, offer constructive critiques of the state of networking research, re-frame or debunk existing work, report unexpected early results from a deployment, report promising but unproven ideas, or propose new evaluation methods. Authors need not support their ideas with full evaluations; we consider well-reasoned arguments or preliminary evaluations sufficient support for the possibility of the paper’s claims in HotNets. We seek early-stage work, where the authors can benefit from community feedback. An ideal submission has the potential to open a line of inquiry for the community that results in multiple conference papers in related venues (SIGCOMM, NSDI, CoNEXT, SOSP, OSDI, MobiCom, MobiSys, etc.), rather than a single follow-on conference paper. We strongly discourage “conference papers in the miniature,” and the program committee will explicitly favor early work and papers likely to stimulate reflection and discussion over something that is ready for publication at a conference. Finished work that fits in a short paper is likely a better fit with the short-paper tracks at CoNEXT or IMC. HotNets takes a broad view of networking research. The scope includes new ideas that relate to (but not limited to) mobile, wide-area, data-center, home, and enterprise networks and that use a variety of link technologies (e.g. wired, wireless, optical, visual, and acoustic), as well as social networks and network architecture. HotNets encompasses all aspects of networks, which include (but is not limited to) packet-processing and transmission hardware and software, virtualization, mobility, provisioning and resource management, performance, energy consumption, sustainability, topology, robustness and security, measurement, diagnosis, verification, privacy, economics and evolution, theory, usability, machine learning, and interactions with applications. The program committee will select position papers based on originality, likelihood to stimulate insightful discussion, and technical merit. Accepted papers will be posted online prior to the workshop and will be published in the ACM Digital Library to facilitate wide dissemination of the ideas discussed at the workshop.  Last updated by Dou Sun  in 2024-10-01   
  Related Conferences   
 CCF | CORE | QUALIS | Short | Full Name | Submission | Notification | Conference 
 Short | Full Name | Submission | Conference 
