  Events | International Symposium (IS) 
  International Workshop (IW) 
  Calling All Systems | 21 March 2023 – The Future of MBSE 
  11 May 2023 - Product Line Engineering (PLE) 
  19 September 2023 - Sustainability 
  18 October 2023 - Models in Space 
  17 November 2023 - Future of Systems Engineering (FuSE) 
  22 May 2024 - Complex, Costly, and Challenging: The Science of Resilient Systems 
  23 October 2024 - Accelerating MBSE Adoption: Can SysMLv2 Be the Game Changer? 
  20 November 2024 - Requirements Renaissance: Designing Tomorrow's Systems Today 
  Systems Exchange Cafes 
  News & Highlights 
 Working Group Purpose & Mission   
 Human Systems Integration (HSI) is a transdisciplinary sociotechnical and management approach to systems engineering used to ensure that a system’s technical, organizational, and human elements are appropriately addressed across the whole system lifecycle, service or enterprise system. HSI considers systems in their operational context together with the necessary interactions between and among their human and technological elements to make them work in harmony and cost-effectively, from the early design to disposal.  
 Our mission  is to ensure all design and engineering disciplines include human and socio-technical interaction and integration to enable system performance.  
 Mission:  
 Human Systems Integration (HSI) is a transdisciplinary sociotechnical and management approach to systems engineering used to ensure that a system’s technical, organizational, and human elements are appropriately addressed across the whole system lifecycle, service or enterprise system. HSI considers systems in their operational context together with the necessary interactions between and among their human and technological elements to make them work in harmony and cost-effectively, from the early design to disposal.  
 Our mission  is to ensure all design and engineering disciplines include human and socio-technical interaction and integration to enable system performance.  
 Scope  
 HSI results from the convergence of Human Factors and Ergonomics  , which provides human-centred and organisation-centred evaluation techniques and tools (HCD), Information Technology  (including AI, Human-Computer Interaction, Modeling and Simulation) and System Engineering,  and the Operational Domain  of the System of Interest (Circle 3 in the figure 1).  HSI can be considered as both an enabling process  associating HCD and SE during the whole lifecycle of a system  , and a product  resulting from this process. Due to the breadth of human considerations and impacts that should be considered by a project - depending on its nature, complexity, and application area - HSI consists of a number of perspectives, such as Safety, Usability, Training, etc (see circle 2, on figure 1) These are used to help ensure that no significant human considerations are missed within requirements analysis, design, evaluation and acceptance testing, and risk management. These perspectives are not exhaustive and the degree to which they each apply will vary from project to project.  
 Figure  2  .   HSI emerges from the overlapping of three main  c  i  rcles   : (1) technology, organization, and people    
 within an environment at the heart; (2) examples of HSI perspectives; and (3) contributing disciplines    
 associated with the Operational Domain at stake in the periphery.   
 Goals  
 The HSI WG aims to demonstrate the value of HSI as an integral part of the Systems Engineering effort and to develop associated practices, resources, organizations, and training to support the Systems Engineering community's adoption of HSI.  
 Stay forefront of evolving SE practices to ensure that the presence of humans is integrated into the engineering in order to deliver successful sociotechnical systems across their life cycle. 
  Foster a community of practitioners from the contributing disciplines (System Engineering, Human Factors and Errgonomics, Information Technology, and Operational Domains) and develop a common framework. 
 Outcomes  
 2023   
 INCOSE EMEA WSEC   
 We held a workshop on "HSI & sustainability" during INCOSE EMEA WSEC on April 26, 2023 in Sevilla, Spain. Attendance was around 20 people. We has 6 présentations and long discussion on the topic:  
 Introduction, Guy André Boy, France 
  Society 5.0 trend, Grace Kennedy, Australia 
 Preventing environmental disasters, Avi Harel, Israel 
  2022   
  HSI WG 2022 Workshop      
 The second INCOSE HSI conference,   
 Planned Activities  
 2023  
 HSI WG workshops :   
 This year, three INCOSE HSI Fall workshops will be organized around the world:   
  Americas sector  (Friday October 13, 2023 - 8am-3:30pm PDT)   
 Organization Readiness Levels (ORLs) 
  Virtual Reality 
   Workshop Details  
   The event will be conducted in a hybrid format, allowing you to attend either in person or virtually. While the physical workshop will be held in Seattle, Washington, the online participation details will be announced shortly.  
 Date | : Friday, October 13, 2023 
  Don't miss this opportunity to engage with industry experts, share insights, and explore the fascinating realm of Human-System Integration. Stay tuned for more details on the virtual participation option. Mark your calendar and get ready for an enlightening workshop experience!  
 EMEA zone (15th November 7am UTC)   
 You are invited to take part in Developing and Advancing the HSI Awareness and Practices in the Systems Engineering Community  
 Human System Integration in the Era of AI Challenges and Opportunities AI Aspects   
 Date | : Reported. Date to be determined. 
  Virtual Event: | Registration required, more information soon 
  Keywords | : HSI, Innovative Human Interfaces 
  Asia-Pacific zone (December 2023)  
 Dates will be announced soon, presentations and echanges will be held virtual.  
 2024  
 INCOSE HSI2024 conference   
 THe third conference will be held in Jeju, Republic of Korea, on August 27-29, 2024 in cooperation with the 22nd Trienial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association  — Better live ergnomics for future humans (IEA-2024).  
 Book you calendar! We welcome papers on the following topics:  
 1 HSI Fundamentals & Principles    
 1.1 Cognitive factors    
 1.2 Physical    
 1.4 Emotional    
 2 HSI Methods & Tools    
 2.1 Human-centered design (HCD)    
 2.2 Participatory Design    
 2.4 Scenario-based design    
 2.5 Design thinking and Creativity    
 2.6 HSI in Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE)    
 2.7 Comfort and Usability engineering    
 3 HSI Modeling    
 3.1 Conceptual modeling    
 3.2 Analytical modeling    
 3.4 Predictive modeling    
 4 HSI Maturity readiness    
 4.1 Assessing organizational readiness for HSI    
 4.2 Implementing HSI maturity models    
 4.3 Monitoring and measuring HSI maturity    
 5 Implementation of HSI in Organizations    
 5.1 Organizational culture and change management    
 5.2 Leadership and stakeholder engagement    
 5.3 Integrating HSI in the development process    
 6 Resources Investment in HSI    
 6.1 Budgeting and financial considerations    
 6.2 Human resources and skill development    
 6.3 Infrastructure and technology investments    
 7 Prediction and Anticipation in HSI    
 7.1 Human error analysis and risk assessment    
 7.2 Proactive safety measures and hazard identification    
 7.3 Anticipating user needs and behavior  9    
 8 Target Population and Goals in HSI    
 8.1 Defining the end user population    
 8.2 Setting goals and objectives for HSI    
 8.3 User feedback and usability testing    
 9 Potential Misuse of HSI    
 9.1 Intentional and unintentional misuse    
 9.2 Addressing misuse during development and operations    
 9.3 Learning from hindsight bias and improving future HSI approaches.    
 10 HSI Challenges    
 10.1 Industry    
 4.0 / Industry 5.0    
 10.2 Autonomy / Automation    
 10.3 HSI in Digital Engineering/Transformation    
 10.4 Working in the Digital World    
 HSI2024 will be devoted to a large forum of ideas, methods, tools and products on human systems integration. A call for papers will be posted soon where various submission formats will be described.  
  Please save the dates and plan on coming to this event that will be a place for exchanges among various communities coming from systems engineering, human factors and ergonomics, and information technology/computer science.  
 Planned Work Products  
 HSI Chapter for the SEH5E 
  HSI WG White Paper Primer ( Contribution Welcome) 
 Find out more by visiting the Working Group Yammer  community today!   
  Events | International Symposium (IS) 
  International Workshop (IW) 
  Calling All Systems | 21 March 2023 – The Future of MBSE 
  11 May 2023 - Product Line Engineering (PLE) 
  19 September 2023 - Sustainability 
  18 October 2023 - Models in Space 
  17 November 2023 - Future of Systems Engineering (FuSE) 
  22 May 2024 - Complex, Costly, and Challenging: The Science of Resilient Systems 
  23 October 2024 - Accelerating MBSE Adoption: Can SysMLv2 Be the Game Changer? 
  20 November 2024 - Requirements Renaissance: Designing Tomorrow's Systems Today 
  Systems Exchange Cafes 
  News & Highlights 
