 25th International Conference on Innovations for Community Services (I4CS)  
  It is our great honor to welcome you to the 25th Computer Science Conference on Innovations for Community Services, celebrating a quarter-century of pioneering advancements under the motto of "Celebrating I4CS' Quarter-Century."  
 For the past 25 years, our conference has served as a vibrant hub for researchers, practitioners, and stakeholders from a multitude of fields, all united by a shared goal: to explore the cutting-edge developments in computer science and their profound potential to enrich community services. This milestone year, we are excited to continue this proud tradition by further focusing on the transformative impact of technology on the essence and well-being of our communities.  
 Our comprehensive program features a rich tapestry of engaging presentations, thought-provoking panel discussions, and hands-on workshops, all designed to investigate the convergence of technology, applications, and community. We will delve into a wide array of topics, including smart community applications, emerging technological frameworks, data-driven social enhancements, and more. By fostering a culture of collaboration and innovation, we aim to discover creative solutions to the challenges our communities face and work collectively towards a more interconnected, sustainable future.  
 We believe that your participation in this conference will be both enlightening and inspiring. We look forward to your active involvement and the invaluable contributions you will bring to our discussions. Thank you for joining us in this landmark event.  
  Announcement: 25th International Conference on Innovations for Community Services (I4CS)  
 Call for Paper  
 Your work focuses on the topics "Technology, Applications, Socialization" of our conference? Submit a paper for review and become a part of our community!  
 Details   
  Cyber- and information security 
 I4CS is hosted by  
 LMU Munich, Germany   
  I4CS is supported by  
 Ernst-Abbe-Hochschule Jena, University of Applied Sciences   
 Deutsche Telekom AG, Group Technology   
 I4CS is published by  
 Communications in Computer and Information Science by Springer   
 Back to top   
 © 2024 I4CS Conference · Disclaimer