  Contact 
  Invited Talks 
  Submission 
  Conference Details | Program 
  Venue 
  Previous    Next     
 Submission  
 The conference proceedings will be published in the Springer-Verlag series "Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence", and we strongly recommend the use of the Springer LaTeX style. To ensure reasonable quality and consistency of preparation, it is important that authors adhere strictly to the instructions. Any manuscript submitted in technically unsuitable form will be returned to the author for retyping. Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines  and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX or for MS Word, for the preparation of their papers. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available in Overleaf  . Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their (final) papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 Every final paper must be accompanied by the copyright form, which we ask a corresponding author to complete and sign. The copyright form in PDF is located at the Springer web site  (Licence to Publish form for LNCS, CCIS or LNBIP). It is sufficient if one author of each contribution signs the form on behalf of all the other authors. the copyright form should be submitted during the final submission as a separate zipped pdf file. Please use the following data to fill the form:  
 All final submissions should be in a .zip compressed archive including:  
 the source (input) files, i.e. TeX source files for the text and figure files, 
  any style files, templates, and special fonts the authors may have used, 
  MS Word file in the case of using MS Word, 
  the final Postscript (.ps) or Adobe Acrobat (.pdf) file, 
  the scanned completed and signed copyright form. 
 By submitting the paper to the ICAISC conference the author(s) agree that they did not submit this paper to any other conference and one of them will attend the conference to present the paper.  
  Please note that all papers will be assigned a paper number. You will receive this number after you have completed the paper submission process. Authors are then required to use the paper number assigned to them for all future correspondence regarding this paper.  
 If you already have an account from ICAISC 2024 (or previous editions), please use this login information or click "Remind password".  
  Previous    Next     
 Conference site  
 The ICAISC Conference will be held in the Bachleda Kasprowy Zakopane Hotel****. The address of the center is:  
 How to reach ICAISC from Zakopane  
