  Contact 
  Invited Talks 
  Submission 
  Conference Details | Program 
  Venue 
 The working language of the conference is English. Only original, unpublished papers are invited. Authors should submit an electronic version of papers by the conference web page. The papers should be organized in accordance with a common scientific structure (abstract, state of the art in the field, intention, used methodology, obtained results and references). Papers will undergo double-blind reviewing by an international committee, and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the conference topics. Please prepare anonymized versions of the paper being submitted. Please preserve anonymity by avoiding providing information that may identify the authors in the acknowledgements, links to websites and the literature references. After the notification of acceptance, authors will be allowed to make a correction in accordance with the suggestions of the reviewers and submit final camera-ready papers in Latex format only. The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence. Springer LNAI proceedings will be available online shortly after the conference. Accepted papers must be presented by the author(s) personally to be published in the conference proceedings.  
 Beware of the Fake ICAISC Conference from WASET  
 We would like to bring to your attention the issue of fake conferences organized by WASET (World Academy of Science, Engineering, and Technology). It has come to our notice that WASET has a history of hosting dubious conferences that lack academic rigor and credibility. We advise you to thoroughly research any conference before committing to it and to consult with trusted colleagues or academic advisors if you have doubts. Please read more at:  
 Indexing  
 ICAISC H5-index = 20 (provided by Google Scholar Metrics):  
 Important Dates  
 1. Submission of papers in accordance with Springer guidelines:   
 2. Notification of acceptance:   
 3. Submission of camera-ready papers:   
