ICAISC 2023  Menu   About 
  Scope 
  Important Dates 
  Contact 
  Invited Talks 
  Submission 
  Conference Details | Program 
  Venue 
  Payment 
 ICAISC 2023  
 The 22nd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing  
 June 18-22, 2023  
 About ICAISC 2023  
 The 22nd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing ICAISC 2023 will be held in Zakopane (situated in the High Tatra mountains), Poland in June 18-22, 2023 in Bachleda Kasprowy Zakopane Hotel  . The conference will provide an excellent opportunity for scientists and engineers to present and discuss the latest scientific results and methods. The conference will include keynote addresses, contributed papers, and numerous lectures and tutorials on a wide range of topics. The Conference will be held in the hybrid mode: online and on-site in Zakopane  . The authors of accepted papers will have a choice to present their papers on-line, or on site in Zakopane, Mercury Kasprowy Hotel, Poland. All accepted papers, irrespective of the presentation mode, will be included in the LNAI conference proceedings.  
 The working language of the conference is English. Only original, unpublished papers are invited. Authors should submit an electronic version of papers by the conference web page. The papers should be organized in accordance with a common scientific structure (abstract, state of the art in the field, intention, used methodology, obtained results and references). Papers will undergo double-blind reviewing by an international committee, and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the conference topics. Please prepare anonymized versions of the paper being submitted. Please preserve anonymity by avoiding providing information that may identify the authors in the acknowledgements, links to websites and the literature references. After the notification of acceptance, authors will be allowed to make a correction in accordance with the suggestions of the reviewers and submit final camera-ready papers in Latex format only. The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence. Springer LNAI proceedings will be available online shortly after the conference. Accepted papers must be presented by the author(s) personally to be published in the conference proceedings.  
 ICAISC 2024  
 The next ICAISC - the 23rd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing 2024 will take place between June 16 till 20, 2024 in Zakopane, Poland in Bachleda Kasprowy Zakopane Hotel  .  
 ICAISC 2023 Proceedings  
 The proceedings are in production.  
 Best paper award  
 Springer sponsors the ICAISC 2023 Best Paper Award by providing an amount of EUR 1,000. ICAISC 2023 best paper award goes to Jacek Mańdziuk and Patryk Walczak from Warsaw University of Technology for the paper "Monte Carlo Tree Search with Metaheuristics".  
 Indexing  
 ICAISC H5-index = 20 (provided by Google Scholar Metrics):  
 Important Dates  
 1. Submission of papers in accordance with Springer guidelines:   
 April 15, 2023    
 2. Notification of acceptance:   
 from March 1, 2023    
 3. Submission of camera-ready papers:   
 April 25, 2023    
 4. Conference date:   
 June 18-22, 2023    
 Copyright © 2024 - Polish Neural Network Society. All rights reserved.