  Members 
 ICALP 2023 - First Call for Papers  
 Submissions  : February 11, 2023 at 11am CET  
 ICALP is the main conference and annual meeting of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS). As usual, ICALP will be preceded by a series of workshops, which will take place on July 10.  
 Paderborn, Germany, on July 10-14, 2023.  
 ICALP is the main conference and annual meeting of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS). As usual, ICALP will be preceded by a series of workshops, which will take place on July 10.  
 The 2023 edition has the following features:  
 Submissions are anonymous, and there is a rebuttal phase.  
 The conference is planned as a physical, in-person event.  
 Important dates and information   
 Submissions: February 11, 2023 at 11am CET  
 Rebuttal: March 22-25, 2023  
 Author notification: April 21, 2023  
 Camera-ready version: May 5, 2023  
 Early registration: TBA  
 Conference: July 10-14, 2023 (Workshops on July 10, 2023)  
 Deadlines are firm; late submissions will not be considered.  
 Twitter: @ICALPconf  
 Submission (tracks A and B): EasyChair ICALP 2023  
 Invited Speakers   
 James Worrell - University of Oxford, UK  
 Submission guidelines   
 Papers must present original research on the theory of computer science. No prior publication and no simultaneous submission to other publication outlets (either a conference or a journal) is allowed. Authors are encouraged to also make full versions of their submissions freely accessible in an on-line repository such as ArXiv, HAL, ECCC.  
 Submissions take the form of an extended abstract of no more than 15 pages, excluding references and a clearly labelled appendix. The appendix may consist either of omitted proofs or of a full version of the submission, and it will be read at the discretion of program committee members. The extended abstract has to present the merits of the paper and its main contributions clearly, and describe the key concepts and technical ideas used to obtain the results. Submissions must provide the proofs which can enable the main mathematical claims of the paper to be fully verified.  
 Submissions are anonymous. The conference will employ a fairly lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work are in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”).  
 The purpose of this double-blind process is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, and not to make it impossible for them to discover who the authors are if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas.  
 The submissions are done via Easychair to the appropriate track of the conference (see topics below). The use of pdflatex and the LIPIcs style are mandatory: papers that deviate significantly from the required format risk rejection without consideration of merit.  
 During the rebuttal phase, authors will have from March 22-25 to view and respond to initial reviews. Further instructions will be sent to authors of submitted papers before that time.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register for the conference, and all talks are in-person. In exceptional cases, there may be support for remotely presenting a talk.  
 Papers authored only by students should be marked as such upon submission in order to be eligible for the best student paper awards of the track.  
 Awards   
 the EATCS distinguished dissertation award  
 the best papers for Track A and Track B  
 the best student papers for Track A and Track B (see submission guidelines)  
 Proceedings   
 Type Systems and Typed Calculi  
 ICALP 2023 Programme Committee   
 Track A: Algorithms, Complexity and Games   
 Mahesh Viswanathan (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, USA)  
 ICALP 2023 Workshop Chair   
 Track A and B:   
 See more details on the Call for Workshops webpage.  
 ICALP 2023 Proceedings Chair   
 Gabriele Puppis (University of Udine, Italy)  
 ICALP 2023 Organizing Committee  
 Ulrich Ahlers  
 Bernard Bauer  
