 Menu    Close       
 ICIAM 2023 News   
 August 25, 2023 : Congress Digest Movie  
 August 25, 2023 : 3D models of the Congress Venue  
 3D models of the congress venue can be viewed here   and here   .   
 Room Change  
 Aug. 25  
  Aug. 24  
  Aug. 23  
  Aug. 22  
  Aug. 21  
 August 23, 2023 : Lunch Information  
 ICIAM 2023 hamburgers now on sale on the 3rd floor of Bldg. I!   
 August 21, 2023 : Chairperson Must Read Documents  
 If you are the chairperson, please be sure to read this document   before chairing the meeting.   
 August 20, 2023 : Wi-Fi Info at the Venue  
 Wi-Fi is available on campus. Please see here   .   
 August 20, 2023 : Download ICIAM 2023 Web Locally  
 If you would like to download ICIAM 2023 Web locally, you may do so here   . This file is located on Google Drive.   
 August 20, 2023 : TeleRobot  
 By utilizing special service, online participants can feel the energy of the venue and the passion of the presenters, even from a distance. And with the use of cutting-edge technology, you can enjoy an unprecedented participation experience. Please see here   .   
 August 19, 2023 : SIAM Events  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the SIAM Events on Aug.20 & Aug.21. Aug. 20 
  Aug. 21 
 August 19, 2023 : Missing QR code  
 Please see here   .   
 August 18, 2023 : Invitation to Zoom Event for those who register during the congress  
 August 17, 2023 : Tokyo Intelligencer  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about Tokyo intelligencer. Please see here   .   
 August 15, 2023 : Special Information Desks at Airports  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the special information desks for ICIAM 2023 participants at Narita & Haneda airports. Please see here   .   
 August 14, 2023 : Preparations for ICIAM 2023 are steadily underway  
 August 14, 2023 : Registration Desk  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the registration desk. Please see here   .   
 August 13, 2023 : Venue for Each Event  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the venue for each event. For details, please see here   . Aug. 20 
  Aug. 21 
  Aug. 22 
  Aug. 23 
  Aug. 24 
  Aug. 25 
 August 9, 2023 : Rooms of MS & CT  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the rooms of Minisymposia & Contributed Talks. Please see here   .   
 August 3, 2023 : Final Program of Special Lectures  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the final program of special lectures. Please see here   .   
 July 12, 2023 : List of Accepted Posters  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform the list of accepted posters. Please see here  .    
 May 15, 2023 : Tentative Detailed Program   
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the tentative detailed program. Please see  here   .   
 May 15, 2023 : Shortening presentation time of talks in MS [Important]    
 Following a suggestion from the ICIAM Officers, the length of each talk in Minisymposium was changed to 25 minutes [20 minutes for a presentation & 5 minutes for questions]. Please see here   .  
  (There will be no change in the length of the contributed talk.)   
 April 25, 2023 : Deadline extended for abstract submission of talks in MS  
 Due to multiple requests, the deadline for abstract submission for Talk in MS has been extended to May 20 (strict deadline).   
 February 24, 2023 : Four Important Topics  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about four important topics related to participation in the Congress:  
  [1] Registration   ,  
  [2] Visa Acquisition Support / Invitation Letters   ,  
  [3] Hotel Reservations   ,  
  [4] Flight Ticket Reservations   .   
 January 10, 2023 : Submissions for Poster Open  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform the submissions for the poster session are open. If you are interested in submitting a poster, please see here   .   
 December 27, 2022 : Tentative Program at a Glance  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the tentative program at a glance. Please see here   .   
 December 24, 2022 : Deadline of Submission of Abstracts of Talks in MS  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to confirm the deadline for submission of a talk in minisymposium is April 20, 2023  , this is the strict deadline. Please submit with plenty of time to spare. Please see here   .   
 November 27, 2022 : Call for Posters  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform the calls for posters. If you are interested in participating in a poster session, please see here   .   
 November 27, 2022 : Financial Support  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the financial support. Please see here   .   
 November 27, 2022 : List of Accepted Minisymposia  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform the list of accepted Minisymposia. Please see here   .   
 September 10, 2022 : Information about Entering Japan  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about entering Japan. Please see here   .   
 June 27, 2022 : Registration Fee  
 The organizers of ICIAM 2023 are pleased to inform about the registration fee of ICIAM 2023. Please see here   .   
 If you are interested in receiving e-mail notifications for ICIAM 2023 News, please see here   .   
 Previous News   
 Conference Format   
 All meetings of ICIAM 2023 will be held, in person, at Waseda University and the conference program will be arranged according to Japan Standard Time. Conference rooms are capable of handling hybrid-style meetings, and, under reasonable request, participants who require online access to conference meetings will be accommodated.  
  All such requests should be directed to the organizer of the corresponding Minisymposium. In the case of a Contributed Talk, the Program Committee will contact the author(s) after the talk has been accepted to ask about the format of the talk.  
 Congress Venue   
 Accessibility is also good in Tokyo. Most of the metro and train stations are easily accessible for the disabled and most of them are equipped with either elevators or lifts. The “Waseda” metro station has both elevators and lifts. In addition, smart cards “Suica” and “Pasmo” can be used on almost all rail and bus lines in the Tokyo metropolitan area, and are accepted by a growing number of taxis. “Suica” IC cards are available for purchase at JR stations, while “Pasmo” cards are available at subway, private railway stations, and bus depots. You can also use these cards for shopping as electronic money at a constantly increasing number of registered shops.  
  The former president of Waseda University has kindly accepted our request for using, without a fee, any buildings with various modern conference equipment at the Waseda Campus. He hopes that this offer will assist the advancement of applied mathematics and industrial mathematics.  
 Program at a Glance   
 Aug. 20 
  Aug. 21 
  Aug. 22 
  Aug. 23 
  Aug. 24 
  Aug. 25 
 Search Date & Time from Simple Program Table  
 Please visit this page   .  
 Search Date & Time from Author Index  
 Please visit this page   .  
 Search Date & Time from List of Accepted Minisymposia  
 Oral Presentation  
 Room | Aug. 21 | Aug. 22 | Aug. 23 | Aug. 24 | Aug. 25 
 1C | 1D | 1E | 2C | 2D | 2E | 3C | 3D | 3E | 4C | 4D | 4E | 5B | 5C | 5D 
  We present a `user-friendly’ introduction to randomized matrix algorithms, with several case studies that focus on the ideas and intuition behind randomization.  
 The concerted development of randomized matrix algorithms started in the theoretical Computer Science community in the nineteen-nineties. At first a purely theoretical enterprise, these algorithms have become practical to the point that they are being used by domain scientists; and general purpose software libraries, such as RandBLAS and RandLAPACK, are under development.  
 Many randomized matrix algorithms reduce the problem dimension by replacing the original matrix with a lower-dimensional ‘sketch’. We illustrate this on the basic problem of matrix multiplication, and on the solution of least squares/regression problems. Along the way, we discuss sampling modalities (data-aware, oblivious), developments in high-dimensional probability (matrix concentration inequalities, matrix coherence), numerical issues (problem conditioning), and the analysis of the error due to randomization.  
 This talk draws on work with current and former students Jocelyn Chi, John Holodnak, Arnel Smith, and Thomas Wentworth.  
 ICIAM Maxwell Prize Lecture  
  Spectral Approaches to Complex Dynamics   
  Abstract:  
  The weather and the climate, along with social processes, biological processes, and engineering processes, are all dynamical systems because they are governed by a set of micro-rules at the level of individual states that describe how processes evolve over time. Complex dynamical systems incorporate elements of unpredictability (nearby initial states quickly diverge from one another) and emergence (macroscopic system behaviour is not apparent from the set of micro-rules due to many interacting components).  
 Emergent behaviour in complex dynamical systems is typically connected with the appearance of macro-structures that persist for a certain amount of time. Examples of such macro-structures include eddies in the ocean, cyclonic storms or heatwaves in the atmosphere, and the coalescing of societal opinion around a particular issue. It is these macro-phenomena that impact our daily world, but it remains challenging to identify key organising emergent phenomena from micro-rules or spatiotemporal observations. Part of the difficulty arises from the usually complicated nonlinear dynamics of the micro-rules. To access these macro-phenomena, we use a linear operator induced by the micro-dynamics. This linear operator – the transfer operator – acts on ensembles of individual states, and its linearity enables one to access a huge toolbox from linear analysis.  
 In this talk, we gently introduce the transfer operator and its associated spectral theory. We also make connections to a dynamic spectral geometry of evolving manifolds, centred on the dynamic Laplace operator. Several example analyses are presented, ranging across problems in climate, physical oceanography, and atmospheric science.  
  The abstraction of the behavior of a system or a phenomenon into a consistent mathematical model is instrumental for a variety of applications in science and engineering. In the context of scientific discovery, a fundamental problem is to explain natural phenomena in a manner consistent with both (noisy) experimental data, and a body of (possibly inexact and incomplete) background knowledge about the laws of the universe.  
 Historically, models were manually derived in a first-principles deductive fashion. The first-principles approach often offers the derivation of interpretable symbolic models of remarkable levels of universality while being substantiated by little data. Nonetheless, derivation of such models is time-consuming and relies heavily upon domain expertise.  
  Conversely, with the rising pervasiveness of statistical AI and data-driven approaches, automated, rapid construction and deployment of models has become a reality. Many data-driven modeling techniques demonstrate remarkable scalability due to their reliance upon predetermined, exploitable model form (functional form) structures. Such structures, entail non-interpretable models, demand Big Data for training, and provide limited predictive power for out-of-set instances.  
 In this talk, we will review some of the recent transformations in the field, and the ongoing attempts to bridge the divide between statistical AI and symbolic AI. We will begin by discussing algorithms that can search for free-form symbolic models, where neither the structure nor the set of operator primitives is predetermined. We will proceed in reviewing innovations in the field of automated theorem proving (ATP) machinery, and discuss how ATPs can be harnessed to certify whether a candidate hypothesis model is conforming with background theory. Lastly, we shall discuss efforts to consistently unify the two approaches.  
 These endeavors will promote the conceptualization of AI algorithms capable of making the discovery of principled, universal, and meaningful symbolic models, using small data and incomplete background theory. With some optimism, some of these discoveries, can unveil to us the secrets of the universe.  
  Aggregation-Diffusion Equations for Collective Behaviour in the Sciences   
  Abstract:  
  Many phenomena in the life sciences, ranging from the microscopic to macroscopic level, exhibit surprisingly similar structures. Behaviour at the microscopic level, including ion channel transport, chemotaxis, and angiogenesis, and behaviour at the macroscopic level, including herding of animal populations, motion of human crowds, and bacteria orientation, are both largely driven by long-range attractive forces, due to electrical, chemical or social interactions, and short-range repulsion, due to dissipation or finite size effects.  
 Various modelling approaches at the agent-based level, from cellular automata to Brownian particles, have been used to describe these phenomena. An alternative way to pass from microscopic models to continuum descriptions requires the analysis of the mean-field limit, as the number of agents becomes large. All these approaches lead to a continuum kinematic equation for the evolution of the density of individuals known as the aggregation-diffusion equation. This equation models the evolution of the density of individuals of a population, that move driven by the balances of forces: on one hand, the diffusive term models diffusion of the population, where individuals escape high concentration of individuals, and on the other hand, the aggregation forces due to the drifts modelling attraction/repulsion at a distance.  
 The aggregation-diffusion equation can also be understood as the steepest-descent curve (gradient flow) of free energies coming from statistical physics. Significant effort has been devoted to the subtle mechanism of balance between aggregation and diffusion. In some extreme cases, the minimisation of the free energy leads to partial concentration of the mass.  
 Aggregation-diffusion equations are present in a wealth of applications across science and engineering. Of particular relevance is mathematical biology, with an emphasis on cell population models. The aggregation terms, either in scalar or in system form, is often used to model the motion of cells as they concentrate or separate from a target or interact through chemical cues. The diffusion effects described above are consistent with population pressure effects, whereby groups of cells naturally spread away from areas of high concentration.  
 Before Coming to Registration Desk  
 Once you have registered, you will receive a QR code that you will need to bring to the registration desk on the day of the event. Please show the QR code at the registration desk.  
 Please note that QR codes for accompanying persons will not be sent in advance. The accompanying person’s name tag will be handed to the general participants at Step.2.   
 Registration for ICIAM 2023 is divided into three steps. Please note that you need to show the QR code at every step.  
 Step 1: | Receive a nametag holder 
  Step 2: | Receive a nametag with your name 
 Locations and Times of Registration Desk  
 The registration desk will be open on the following dates and times.  
 Aug. 20 
  Aug. 21 
  Aug. 22 – 25 
  Important Information 
  No reservation is required. Please come directly to the venue on the day. 
  Public Lecture 1 on Aug. 20  
 Meiji Institute for Advanced Study of Mathematical Science, Meiji University  
 Abstract  
 Founders of TOYOTA dreamed “Flying Nimbus” that is a magical flying cloud in Chinese classic literature “Journey to the West, Saiyuki.” When I was told about this look-like very childish dream by Dr. Shoichiro Toyoda at the visit to Toyota Central R&D Laboratories while I was working in University of Michigan, I was so impressed by the dream that he storied through Flying Nimbus. It is a sustainable safe and feel safe vehicle made from water and air! Dr. Toyoda asked me to lead advanced research for Flying Nimbus with extremely charming smile. Researchers must be realistic, but they are so dreamy, too.  
 In this talk, various struggling stories would be presented with so many failing so few successful trials to implement this notion in real vehicles applying all possible science and technology, especially computer related applied mathematics. Through this dreamy venture, we have leaned enormous difference between safety and feel safety together with clear distinction between personal and social acceptance. Applied mathematics, especially computer related science and technology including artificial intelligence, would be a key potential remedy to close the gaps mentioned.  
   Title  
 Profile  
 Public Lecture 2 on Aug. 23  
 University of Tsukuba  
 The Possibilities of Origami: Art, Mathematics, and Applications in Engineering  
 Abstract  
 Origami is a traditional art form of Japan with a rich history. Simple and beautiful creations such as the origami crane and paper boat are iconic symbols of this art. However, origami is not only admired for its beauty but also for its complexity and mathematical aspects. Furthermore, the folding characteristic of origami proves to be a functional feature in engineering, making it promising for industrial applications. In this lecture, the historical background of origami will be explored, and the speaker will explain how it is intricately connected with mathematics and how it’s being applied in various industries. Additionally, we will discuss the evolution of origami design through the utilization of computers. The speaker will introduce the techniques they have developed for creating shapes with curved surfaces and at the end of the lecture, participants will have the opportunity to experience folding origami using curves.  
 Profile  
 In the space, you can find the space ID (C**) on the board.  
  Please find your space from this page   .  
 List of all posters   , Aug. 22   , Aug. 23   , Aug. 24   , Aug. 25   .  
 The items for the attachment are prepared so that  
  you only bring your printed poster to the space.  
  When giving a talk, the speaker must be connected to Zoomevents.  
 We sent the invitation email for accessing the Zoomevents.  
  Please find a email titled “You are registered for ICIAM 2023 TOKYO” and click the “Agree and Join” button.  
 When you accessed, first you enter the lobby on the online venue.  
  Could you click the “session” tag on the top right and find your session or interested sessions using the date and the room number.  
 Manual for local participants    
 Hybrid format  
 ICIAM 2023 will be held in person, but under reasonable request, participants who require online access to conference meetings will be accommodated (hybrid format). In hybrid format, speakers need to participate in the online venue, regardless of the lecture format (online/in person). This is to ensure that all participants can see the slides and listen to the speakers.  
 Hybrid format:  
 ICIAM2023HybridFormat    
 Early Bird  
 until Apr. 20, 2023 | Advance  
 until Jul. 20, 2023 | Onsite  
 until Aug. 25, 2023 
 Student | JPY 20,000 | JPY 25,000 | JPY 30,000 
  * No meals and/or lodging are included in the registration fee.  
 Registration System  
 Registration page for ICIAM 2023 can be accessed at the link below.  
 Registration Page for ICIAM 2023 : Here    
 Troubleshooting  
 ICIAM Prizes Recipients and Invited Lecturers   
 2023 ICIAM Prizes: recipients and committees  
 The 2023 ICIAM prizes will be awarded at the Opening Ceremony of the International Congress for Industrial and Applied Mathematics, ICIAM 2023, to be held in Tokyo (Japan), on August 20-25, 2023. The Prize Committee was chaired by Ya-xiang Yuan, the President of ICIAM. Other members were:  
 Gang Bao (Chair of Maxwell Prize Subcommittee). 
  Alfredo Bermudez (Chair of Pioneer Prize Subcommittee). 
  ICIAM Collatz Prize  
 The 2023 ICIAM Collatz Prize is awarded to Maria Colombo (EPFL Lausanne, Switzerland) for her fundamental contributions to the regularity theory and the analysis of singularities in elliptic PDEs, geometric variational problems, transport equations, and incompressible fluid dynamics.  
  ICIAM Su Buchin Prize  
 The 2023 ICIAM Su Buchin Prize is awarded to Jose Mario Martinez Perez (University of Campinas, Brazil) for outstanding achievements in research—a combination of theory, practice, software, and applications for solving large-scale optimization problems—and in fostering the development of the optimization and applied mathematics communities in Latin America.  
  Precious Sibanda (University of Kwazulu-Natal, South Africa). 
  Pingwen Zhang (Peking University, China). 
  ICIAM Industry Prize 2023  
 Awarded to Cleve B. Moler for his outstanding contributions to the development of mathematical and computational tools and methods for the solution of science and engineering problems and his invention of MATLAB, which allows industrial users to harness efficient and reliable numerical methods to execute numerical simulations in ever-expanding domains of science and engineering.  
  Meiji University’s Institute of Autonomous Driving(MIAD), Emeritus Professor of Tokyo Institute of Technology, Member of Science Council of Japan(SCJ).  
 His title for the invited lecture in ICIAM 2023 is “Mathematical sciences for realization of origami engineering aided land / sea / air self-driving car with intelligence”. The lecture will consist of origami engineering, machine learning, optimal control and control of plural eigenfrequencies. In origami engineering, it will be shown the most splendid Japanese Kirigami honeycomb which receives very much attention because it is the best treasure trove to produce metamaterials. As far as machine learning, it will be shown his own technology FQHNN(Fuzzy Quantification method aided Holographic Neural Network) which has causal information unlike CNN(Convolutional Neural Network) which leads the third generation of machine learning. And in optimal control, it will be shown also his own method which is only one real-time optimal control method. The so-called optimal control is not used in the real car because Pontryagin’s maximum principle gives the nonlinear equation which cannot be solved in real time. He has noticed the analogy of the new optimal control theory and the nature of the solution of parabolic equations for the first time and this has contributed to pass this problem. As far as control of plural eigenfrequencies, it is very difficult to be applied the conventional topology optimization. He has developed a new high speed and high accuracy topology change method for ride quality improvement and elimination of anxiety due to the absence of the driver in the self-driving car from observations of strain and dynamic energy distributions of each eigen frequency mode. He is mobilizing with his lab members all of these technologies to successfully create an origami engineering aided land / sea / air self-driving car with intelligence. Here he will discuss the mathematical backbones for these techniques which successfully develop the dream land / sea / air self-driving car with intelligence.  
 Prof. Yasuaki Hiraoka  
 The Olga Taussky-Todd Lecture   
 The Olga Taussky-Todd Lecture at ICIAM 2023  
 The International Council for Industrial and Applied Mathematics has selected Professor IIse C.F. Ipsen  of North Carolina State University, USA, to deliver the Olga Taussky-Todd Lecture at the International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics, ICIAM 2023, in Tokyo, Japan. This Congress is the most important international event in applied and industrial mathematics, held once every four years under the auspices of the International Council for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.  
 Ilse Ipsen is an applied mathematician whose pioneering work, from the outset, has been aimed at advancing the foundations and applications of numerical linear algebra. Her publications and presentations are distinguished by crystal clear exposition and exceptional attention to detail.  
   Ilse Ipsen’s early work was at the forefont of designing matrix algorithms for implementation on VLSI special purpose architectures as well as general purpose parallel machines. She has worked on inverse iteration for computing eigenvectors; solution of nonsymmetric linear systems via Krylov methods; perturbation theory for linear systems; and eigenvalue and singular value problems with application to nonlinear problems. She established the class of multiplicative perturbations which have become instrumental in the analysis of high accuracy matrix computations; and established an algorithmic classification that lead to the development of high accuracy rank revealing QR algorithms.  
 The Olga Taussky-Todd Lecture   
 The Olga Taussky-Todd Lecture for ICIAM 2023   
 Lecturers are selected by a committee established by the ICIAM President, with advice from the Association for Women in Mathematics and European Women in Mathematics. Nominations are solicited from the mathematical sciences community. The Committee for the 2023 Lecture consisted of  
 Lisa Fauci, Chair (Tulane University) 
 CSIAM Embedded Meeting 
  List of Satellite Meetings  
 The 10th International Symposium on Recurrence Plots | , August 28 – 30, 2023, Tsukuba, Japan 
  TDA week 2023 | , July 31 – August 4, 2023, Kyoto, Japan 
  Recent Advances on Quantitative Finance, August 27 – 30, 2023, Hong Kong or Singapore 
  Nonlinear Dynamics and Mathematical Application Conference (ND MAC 2023) | , August 25 – 26, 2023, Busan, Korea 
  International Conference on Spectral and High Order Methods (ICOSAHOM 2023) | , August 14 – 18, 2023, Seoul, Korea 
  OKO International Symposium 2023: Mathematical biology from genes to cells to humans | , August 28 – 31, 2023, Kyoto, Japan 
  Stochastic Modeling and Data Analysis for Biological Systems | , August 16-18 2023, Daejeon, Korea 
  International Conference on Coding Theory and its Applications | , August 18 – 19, 2023, Daegu, Korea 
  2023 SEAMS School on Scientific Computing for Differential Equations and Applications | , November 22 – December 1, 2023, Quezon City, Philippines 
  Forum “Math-for-Industry” 2023 – MfI 2.0 – | , August 29 – September 1, 2023, Fukuoka, Japan 
  Numerical methods for spectral problems: theory and applications (NMSP2023) | , August 26 – 31, 2023, Hokkaido, Japan 
  The Fifth Workshop on Interdisciplinary Sciences (2023), September 14 – 15, 2023, Fukuoka, Japan 
  KiPAS Dynamics Days 2023 (KiPDD 2023) | , August 27 – 31, 2023, Kanagawa, Japan 
  6th Yamada Symposium on “Diversity of Biological Patterns and Forms in Nature: toward a Comprehensive Understanding” (FPN 2023) | , August 1 – 3, 2023, Tokyo, Japan 
  The 8th Workshop on Hamiltonian Systems and Related Topics | , August 28 – 29, 2023, Kyoto, Japan 
 Tokyo Intelligencer   
  Digital Pamphlet 
  We asked Waseda University Academic Solutions Corporation(WAS) to offer flight reservation support.  
  **Registration is closed. (May 31,2023)     
 Special information desks for ICIAM 2023 participants at Narita & Haneda airports  
 Special information desks will be placed at the airports to be a one-stop information counter for international delegates arriving in Tokyo. You are welcome to ask how to get to the venue and your hotel. The desks have the logo of ICIAM 2023. Operated by Tokyo Convention & Visitors Bureau.  
  Location:  
 Hotels in Tokyo during the conference are expected to be crowded. We encourage you to make hotel reservations by yourself as soon as possible.    
 List of Candidate Hotels  
 The following table shows typical examples of candidate hotels.  
  Shibuya Station 
  Tokyo Station 
  List of Special Discount Rooms offered by WAS *Registration is closed.(May 31,2023)     
 We asked Waseda University Academic Solutions Corporation (WAS) to keep rooms with special discount rate. Here, as a subsidiary of Waseda University, Waseda University Academic Solutions has provided solutions necessary for university management for many years. If you want to reserve these rooms, please contact Waseda University Academic Solutions after carefully reading the cancelation policy with your own responsibility.  
 Cancellation Policy （ICIAM TOKYO 2023 Booking hotels）     
 1．A cancellation fee will be charged for entire room cancellations, reduction of nights, and reduction of rooms from June 15,2023 (Japan Standard Time).   
  The cancellation fee is the full amount of the cancelled stay.   
 2. Please contact WAS (Waseda University Academic Solutions) by email to inform us of any accommodation cancellation and change of stay date.  
 Visa Acquisition Support  
 ****Visa Support Letter is closed (August 8) .    
 Information about Entering Japan for international participants  
 <From October 11, 2022>   
 Related Links  
 Sightseeing Tours / Cultural Programs   
 The Tokyo Metropolitan Government will offer the following complimentary tours and cultural programs for overseas guests of ICIAM 2023. These tours will take them to the main tourist sites in Tokyo during the Congress, and cultural programs will offer outstanding exotic experiences (the tour courses and cultural programs are subject to change).  
 Tokyo City Tour – Half-day Tour  
 Entry to Tokyo City Tour  
 Origami  
  Origami, literally meaning “folding paper”, is a traditional Japanese art of transforming a flat square sheet of paper into a finished sculpture. You can create almost anything with origami, from a simple airplane to flowers and animals. The most popular origami is a Japanese crane.  
 Furoshiki  
 Applications for Childcare have been closed. Thank you very much.    
 ICIAM is pleased to offer childcare services at the ICIAM 2023 Tokyo. For details on the childcare and a registration form, visit: here   . Please register for the childcare services by July 14th  . Space is limited, so early registration is recommended [Aug. 22, 23 and 24 are full]   .  
 Please contact childcare@iciam2023.org   if you have any questions about the childcare services or the registration process.  
 Exhibitions   
 ICIAM 2023 Tokyo will feature on-site/online exhibits by 12 exhibitors.  
 Date | : August 21-25, 2023. See | Timetable 
  On-site venue | : | E (Building 11) | , 1 st, and 2 nd floor ( | Floor Map | ) 
  Online venue | : Zoom Events (Online session venue) 
  (Closed) How to apply to exhibit?  
 The exhibition at ICIAM 2023 Tokyo aims to give companies, academic societies, and other organizations the opportunity to showcase their products and services to over 4,000 attendees. ICIAM 2023 Tokyo expects participants to visit onsite (Waseda University), as well as online. We therefore offer an advertising program that works for both forms of participation.  
 (Closed) Important Notice  
 Closing date: May 20, 2023 (We finished accepting applications.) 
  Payment due date: July 20, 2023 
  Contact: | exhibition@iciam2023.org 
 Congress Logo  
 ICIAM 2023 Logo  
 ICIAM 2023 Logo [Square Version]  
 Important Dates   
 Opening date for submissions of embedded and satellite meetings     
 Deadline for nominations for the ICIAM 2023 Prizes     
 November 1, 2022  
 Closing date for submissions of embedded and satellite meetings     
 Extended from December 23, 2022 to February 20, 2023  
 Closing date for submission of minisymposium proposals and contributed talks’ abstracts     
 April 20, 2023  
 Closing date for submissions of abstracts of talks in minisymposium   and submission of a poster     
 August 20, 2023  
 Opening ceremony of ICIAM 2023   
 August 25, 2023  
 Closing ceremony of ICIAM 2023   
 Calls for Minisymposia, Contributed Talks, Posters and Others   
 To ensure balance, ICIAM 2023 prefers that a single individual not be the organizer of more than one minisymposium. In addition, ICIAM 2023 discourages minisymposia in which most of the speakers come from the same organization or if all co-authors on the papers being presented in a minisymposium are from the same organization.  
 Important Dates  
 All deadlines are at midnight AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submissions open on April 1, 2022 
  Closing date for submissions of proposals: | December 23, 2022 | February 20, 2023 
  Acceptance notification for proposals: within one month after submission of each proposal 
  Closing date for submissions of abstracts from speakers: | March 15, 2023 | April 20, 2023 
  Registration fees for speakers are due on July 20, 2023 (Speakers who have not registered at that date will have their talks removed from the program.) 
  The schedule of minisymposia is planned to be made available from May – June, 2023.  
 Important Notices  
 Limitation of the number of talks by each participant: Each participant is limited to presenting at most one talk during the congress (ICIAM 2023), including talks in contributed talks, this is in order to provide the opportunity for everyone to present their research. Note that talks in industrial minisymposia and industrial contributed talks as well as invited talks are excluded from this limitation. If you are invited to speak in more than one minisymposium, we suggest you use the opportunity to nominate a colleague or student to speak about your work. 
  Conference format: In principle, ICIAM 2023 will be held in a hybrid conference format, i.e., a session in a minisymposium may mix on-site and online talks. If the situation demands, we will switch the conference format to an online format. Even if that is the case, ICIAM 2023 will not reimburse any expenses including travel expenses and hotel charges of participants. 
  Registration fee refunds: See “ | Cancellation and Refund Policy | ”. 
  No exemption from payment of registration fee: ICIAM 2023 will not be able to waive the registration fee for minisymposium organizers and speakers, or reimburse their expenses. Therefore, minisymposium organizers should make no financial commitments on behalf of ICIAM 2023 when organizing their minisymposium. 
  Submission  
 Proposals for ICIAM 2023 minisymposia can be submitted via here   .  
 Organizing a Minisymposium  
 Those interested in organizing a minisymposium should submit a proposal to the Local Scientific Program Committee by no later than the due date. Organizers will select the topics to be addressed, obtain speakers for those topics, decide with each speaker on the title of his/her presentation, and provide other information as needed. Organizers are especially encouraged to include speakers from more than one country and from underrepresented groups, including women and minorities, whenever appropriate.  
 A minisymposium may have up to four organizers, who can also be speakers, and chair the sessions. In conducting the minisymposium, one of the session organizers should provide an overview of the minisymposium, introduce the speakers, and provide an opportunity for discussion among the speakers and the audience.  
 Prospective minisymposium organizers should seriously consider the following recommendations when selecting speakers in a minisymposium:  
  Minisymposium organizers should select the first speaker who can provide an overview of the topic area, put the whole area in perspective, particularly regarding applications, and suggest new venues for sustainable research and applications. It is recommended that one of the minisymposium organizers becomes the first speaker. 
  Guidelines for Preparing a Minisymposium Proposal  
 Only one of the minisymposium organizers will be the contact person with the organization. The contact person should fill out the online submission form and provide the following information:  
 Contact person: Provide full name, title, affiliation, address, and e-mail address. All correspondence regarding the minisymposium will be sent to the e-mail address of the contact person.  
 A minisymposium can have up to four organizers. When filling out the online submission form, please assign a contact person.  
 Title of the minisymposium: Describe the subject of your minisymposium as accurately and specifically as possible in no more than ten words.  
 The Local Scientific Program Committee will referee all submitted abstracts of presentations. Accepted presentations will be grouped into two-hour sessions based on their subjects.  
 Important Notices  
 Limitation of the number of talks by each participant: Each participant is limited to presenting at most one talk during the congress (ICIAM 2023), including talks in minisymposia. This is in order to provide the opportunity for everyone to present their research. Note that talks in industrial minisymposia and industrial contributed talks as well as invited talks are excluded from this limitation. 
  Conference format: In principle, ICIAM 2023 will be held in a hybrid conference format. If the situation demands, we will switch the conference format to an online format. Even if that is the case, ICIAM 2023 will not reimburse any expense including travel expenses and hotel charges of participants. 
  Registration fee refunds: See “ | Cancellation and Refund Policy | ”. 
  Important Dates  
 All deadlines are at midnight AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submissions open on: April 15, 2022 
  Closing date for submissions: | December 23, 2022 | February 20, 2023 
  Notification of decisions: within two months after submission of each proposal 
  Registration fees for speakers are due on July 20, 2023 (speakers who have not registered by that date will have their talks removed from the program.) 
  Submission  
 Proposals for ICIAM 2023 contributed talks can be submitted via here   .  
 Industrial Contributed Talks  
 As mentioned above, an “industrial contributed talk” is a form of a contributed talk. The term ‘industry’ is used in a broad sense to denote all kinds of business and commercial firms with economic activity and non-profit R&D organizations with activities outside the realm of education and academic research (including financial institutions, public administrations, and hospitals).  
 Contributed presentations in poster format are invited in all areas consistent with the congress themes.  
 Submission  
 Contributed presentations in poster format can be submitted via here   .  
 Categories  
 Onsite poster presentation submission has two categories: Applied Mathematics and Industrial Mathematics.  
 Posters: Applied Mathematics  
 Presentations covering topics in Mathematics and its Applications.  
 Important Dates  
 All deadlines are at midnight AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submissions open on January 10, 2023 
  Closing date for submissions: April 20, 2023 
  Acceptance notification: within two weeks after submission 
  Call for Embedded Meeting  
 The organizers of the ICIAM 2023 Tokyo Congress are pleased to launch the call for proposals of embedded meetings. Embedded meetings are those held during the week of the ICIAM Congress and which share resources with the main ICIAM Congress. Participants of an embedded meeting are required to register as ICIAM 2023 participants, and the program of an embedded meeting will be organized as an ICIAM 2023 session.  
 If you are interested in organizing an embedded meeting, please contact Prof. Takeshi Ogita, Chair of the Satellite & Embedded Meetings Committee, at meetings-committee@iciam2023.org   . Please include a brief description of the event, including the following information:  
 The scope and content of the meeting 
  Chairperson of the Local Organizing Committee (who will work in liaison with the organizers of the proposed embedded meeting and the organizers of ICIAM 2023) 
  The estimated number of participants 
  The estimated number of speakers 
  The URL of the web page of the proposed meeting (if available) 
  Feel free to contact us with tentative information for meetings that are not yet fully planned. This information will be useful to others planning related meetings. A notification of acceptance/rejection will be sent to the contributors within two months after submission.  
  Closing date for submissions: November 1, 2022 
  Notification of decision: within two months after submission 
  Call for Satellite Meeting  
 The organizers of the ICIAM 2023 Tokyo Congress are pleased to launch the call for proposals of satellite meetings. Satellite meetings are those held within a few weeks of ICIAM 2023 on a topic of interest to ICIAM attendees in a location that makes it convenient for ICIAM participants to combine events into a single trip. Satellite meetings have no official connection to ICIAM beyond a cross listing on the ICIAM 2023 webpage.  
 Satellite meetings are to be organized and run by independent organizations or groups, and accepted proposals will be registered as ICIAM Satellite meetings. The organizers of the satellite event shall mention in the web page of the meeting that it is a registered satellite meeting. However ICIAM does not provide any financial or other support for satellite meetings.  
 If you are interested in organizing a satellite meeting, please contact Prof. Takeshi Ogita, Chair of the Satellite & Embedded Meetings Committee, at meetings-committee@iciam2023.org   . Please include a brief description of the event, including the following information:  
 The full name (including any abbreviations) of the proposed meeting 
  The scope and content of the meeting 
  Chairperson of the Local Organizing Committee (who will work in liaison with the organizers of the proposed satellite meeting and the organizers of ICIAM 2023) 
  The estimated number of participants 
  Venue and Dates 
  The URL of the web page of the proposed satellite meeting (if available) 
  Feel free to contact us with tentative information for meetings that are not yet fully planned. This information will be useful to others planning related meetings. A notification of acceptance/rejection will be sent to the contributors within one month after submission.  
  Closing date for submissions: | November 1, 2022 | April 20, 2023 
  Notification of decision: within one months after submission 
 Submission System   
 Proposals for ICIAM 2023 minisymposia and contributed talks can be submitted via the link below.  
 ICIAM 2023 Submission System : Here    
 Minisymposium : Proposal of Minisymposium 
  Minisymposium : Submission of a Talk in Minisymposium 
  Contributed Talk : Submission of a Contributed Talk 
  Poster : Submission for Poster Session 
 Announcement  
 Financial Support   
 This program is addressed to researchers of any nationality and professional situation needing financial support to attend the ICIAM 2023 Tokyo Congress. Grants will be awarded by the Financial Support Committee.  
 Preference will be given to applicants who plan to give a presentation (oral and poster) at the congress.  
 ICIAM 2023 Tokyo provides financial support for  
 FS1： | Financial Support Program for Registration Fee 
  FS2： | Financial Support Program for Travel Expenses 
  For the detail, please click on the above.  
  You can apply both of them.  
 Note that there are possibilities that an application for a registration fee (FS1) is accepted but that for a travel fee (FS2) is rejected due to many requests. Even in such a case, the presentation should not be canceled, since the presentation can be given online.  
 FS1：Financial Support Program for Registration Fee   
 ICIAM 2023 Tokyo Financial Support Program  
 This program is addressed to researchers of any nationality and professional situation needing financial support for the registration fee to attend the ICIAM 2023 Tokyo Congress. Grants will be awarded by the Financial Support Committee. Preference will be given to applicants who plan to give a presentation (oral and poster) at the congress.  
 Application open : December 1, 2022 
  Closing date for the submission : February 20, 2023 
  Date to start notification of decisions : December 1, 2022 
  Date to terminate notification of decisions : April 10, 2023 
  Note that there are possibilities that an application for a registration fee (FS1) is accepted but that for a travel fee (FS2) is rejected due to many requests. Even in such a case, the presentation should not be canceled, since the presentation can be given online.  
 For any other queries or comments, please contact to financial_support@iciam2023.org.  
 Required Materials to Apply for Support  
 Application for FS1 can be submitted via here   .  
 FS2：Financial Support Program for Travel Expenses   
 ICIAM 2023 Tokyo Financial Support Program  
 This program is addressed to researchers of any nationality and professional situation needing financial and travel support to attend the ICIAM 2023 Tokyo Congress. Grants will be awarded by the Financial Support Committee. Preference will be given to applicants who plan to give a presentation (oral and poster) at the congress.  
 The Grant Covers:  
 Registration Fee：   
  Free for accepted applications  
 TRAVEL:   
  Flight tickets from your working country to Tokyo (economy class only) will be booked and paid by the organization of ICIAM 2023 Congress. For a person living in Japan, the fee for the Shinkansen is also covered.  
 ACCOMMODATION:   
  Accommodation expenses in hotels and residences will be booked and paid by the organization of ICIAM 2023. The total cost of travel and accommodation MUST not exceed the maximum grant amount corresponding to the beneficiary’s geographical zone.  
 Please bear in mind that the financial program support doesn’t provide refunds in case the beneficiaries book the accommodation or flights by their side.  
 Maximum Grant Amount  
 Schedule  
 Deadlines are midnight Japan Standard Time.  
 Application open : January 20, 2023 
  Closing date for the submission : March 20, 2023 
  Date to start notification of decisions : April 1, 2023 
  Date to terminate notification of decisions: April 10, 2023 
  For any other queries or comments please contact to financial_support@iciam2023.org.  
 Note that there are possibilities that an application for a registration fee (FS1) is accepted but that for a travel fee (FS2) is rejected due to many requests. Even in such a case, the presentation should not be canceled, since the presentation can be given online.  
 Required Materials to Apply for Support  
 To apply for a grant, the applicant should submit the following information:  
 Cancellation and Refund Policy   
 Delegates may receive a refund less 25% processing fee for cancellation requests made by April 20, 2023. 
  No refunds will be granted for cancellation after July 21, 2023. 
  If you have to cancel your participation and would like to be refunded, please send by e-mail a written request to | contact@iciam2023.org | by July 20, 2023. 
  Refunds will be issued after the Conference. Bank charges will be deducted from the refund. 
  ICIAM 2023 will not be responsible for any losses incurred by attendees, including (but not limited to) airline cancellation charges or hotel deposits. 
 Committees   
 ICIAM  
 The International Council for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (ICIAM) is a world-wide organization for professional applied mathematics societies, and for other societies with a significant interest in industrial or applied mathematics. The International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics, held every four years, is the flagship conference of ICIAM.  
 Organizers  
 JSIAM  
 Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan  
  August 20-25, 2023  
  10th International Congress on  
  Industrial and Applied Mathematics   
 ICIAM 2023 News 
  Conference Format 
  Congress Venue 
  Important Dates 
  Calls for Minisymposia, Contributed Talks, Posters and Others 
  Submission System 
  Financial Support 
  Cancellation and Refund Policy 
 Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan  
  August 20-25, 2023  
  10th International Congress on  
  Industrial and Applied Mathematics