  Student Wing 
  APSCE Excellence Scholarship Award (ESA) 
  Conferences | ICCE 2024 
  Past Conferences 
  Brief History 
  Submitting Application 
 ICCE 2023  
 Conference 
  # 
  Invited Speakers 
  Proceedings 
  ICCE 2023  
 Welcome Message  
 The 31st International Conference on Computers in Education (ICCE 2023) is organized by the Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education (APSCE). ICCE 2023 will be held on December 4-8, 2023, from Monday to Friday at Matsue, Shimane prefecture, Japan. Pre-conference events (e.g., Doctoral Student Consortium, workshops, and tutorials) will be conducted on the first two days and the main conference will begin on December 6th, 2023.  
 Accepted papers in the main conference, workshops, Early Career Workshop, Doctoral Student Consortium and Work-in-Progress Posters will be published in proceedings, which will be submitted to Elsevier for inclusion in Scopus. Proceedings of the main conference will also be submitted to Thomson Reuters for inclusion in the Conference Proceedings Citation Index.  
 ICCE2023 is planed to be held as a "in-person" event only at this moment.  
  This may change to a hybrid mode according to the situation.  
 The rapid advancement of technology and the changing landscape of education have led to significant changes in technology-enabled learning environments. This presentation will explore the impact of changing situations on mobile technology-enabled learning environments, with the speaker sharing insights as both a researcher and an instructor. The talk will cover the evolving distribution and adjustment of components in these environments, as well as changes in pedagogy before, during, and after the Covid-19 pandemic. Additionally, the speaker will highlight the emerging dominance of new technologies in Hong Kong and worldwide, and propose future research directions for mobile learning.  
  ICCE 2023 Main Conference Proceedings - V1 
 View  Download    
  ICCE 2023 Main Conference Proceedings - V2 
