  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission Site 
 You are here:  Home 
 Call for Papers  
 The 2023 International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   
 - ICCSA 2023 -   
 National Technical University of Athens and University of the Aegean, Athens, Greece   
 July 3-6, 2023   
 The ICCSA 2023 conference will be organized in Athens, Greece.  Virtual registration (with a reduced registration fee) is still possible but in the spirit of facilitating researchers suffering from very critical economic and political situations. Besides online sessions, there will be pure on-site sessions with presential participation.    
 Computational Science is a central pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting innovative ICT technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers an opportunity to bring together scientists of different disciplines, discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions breeding new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition. Accepted papers will appear in the Conference proceedings to be published by Springer-Verlag in Lecture Notes in Computer Science  . The authors of a selected number of top-quality papers will be requested to extend their papers for further review and publication as special issues in highly recognized international journals.  
 Conference Themes  
 The ICCSA 2023 Conference themes, grouped in six tracks, are the following (but are not limited to):  
  1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Application   
  Complexity assessment and mapping  
  Logistics  
 Paper Submission  
  Only papers submitted through the electronic system and strictly adhering to the relevant format will be considered for reviewing and publication.  
  The submission may fall into the following categories: General Tracks and  Workshops' Full Papers, General Tracks and Workshops' Short Papers, and PHD Showcase Papers  .  
 GENERAL TRACKS AND WORKSHOPS' FULL PAPERS   
  The submitted paper must be between 12 to 18 pages long  for LNCS   publication  ,, and should be formatted according to the LNCS  rules.  
 SHORT PAPERS   
  Reporting preliminary results of ongoing research. The submitted paper must be between 8 and 11 pages long and formatted according to LNCS   rules  . The Short Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by LNCS  .  
 PHD SHOWCASE PAPERS   
  Reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by PhD students and junior researchers. The submitted paper must be between 10 to 18 pages long and formatted according to LNCS  rules  . The PhD Showcase Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by LNCS  .  
 CPS Papers   
  The submitted paper must be between 6 to 14 pages  long for Conference Publishin Services (CPS)   publication and should be formatted according to the CPS  rules.  
  When a paper is accepted, at least one of the authors has to register for the conference and deliver the related talk. Failure to do so shall lead to the rejection of the application to attend next year's conference and the exclusion of the paper from the current year's proceedings.  
 Workshops  
 When submitting your contribution to one of the above-listed Workshops, please pay attention to selecting the correct entry in the list box shown in the Abstract, Paper and Camera Ready submission forms.  
 An author is enabled to change the workshop associated with a submitted paper until the submission deadline by updating the paper in the system and selecting the proper Workshop from the list.  
 Important Dates  
 Please see important dates  page.   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the Conference will be published by Springer ( Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series).  
 In particular:  
  1. The selected top-quality Theme Papers and Session Papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 12-18 pages).  
 2. Short papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 8-11 pages)  
 3. PHD Showcase Papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 10-18 pages).  
 For a selected number of top-quality papers, after the Conference, the authors will be requested to extend the paper in order to be published as special issues in appropriate international journals.  
 Conference policy  
 By submitting the paper to the ICCSA conference, all authors agree to abide by all ICCSA conference paper submission, publication and presentation policies. Namely, the authors confirm that the work is original, has not appeared in literature in any form in the past and will not be submitted to any other venue concurrently with ICCSA submission or until it appears in ICCSA proceedings (in the case of acceptance). Furthermore, upon paper acceptance, authors agree to transfer the copyright on the accepted paper to ICCSA, and one of the authors will register the paper and present the paper at the event.No paper withdrawals can be accepted after the Conference pre-registration date or within three months of the actual event, whichever date comes first. Paper withdrawal requests can be only accepted in writing through email, letter or fax to conference organizers. The conference has no responsibility for any intentional or accidental misuse, misinterpretation, or failure to follow the above rules and conditions and holds no legal, civil or other responsibility for opinions, content or utilization of any methods/algorithms expressed in the Conference Proceedings.  
  Contact Information  
