ICDCN  2023    
  24th International Conference On Distributed Computing And Networking    
  4-7th January, 2023   |  Department of Computer Science and Engineering, IIT Kharagpur     
 In-Cooperation with   
 Conference Organization   Organizing Committee  Technical Program Committee  Reviewers for Invited Papers    
 Calls For Submission   Call for Regular Papers  Call for Tutorials  Call for Workshops  Call for Demonstrations  Call for Posters  Call for Doctoral Symposium    
 Program   Accepted Papers  Detailed Schedule    
 Participate   Registration  Travel Grant  Hotel Information  Local Information  Format    
 Panel  Workshops  Sponsorship  Camera Ready Instructions    
 Call For Regular Papers  
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) addresses advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. At its 24th edition, ICDCN is a leading forum for disseminating the latest research results in these fields.  
  ICDCN 2023 Organizing Committee is planning for an in-person conference and encourages the authors to participate physically; however, we understand that the pandemic situation is not over yet. Therefore, depending on the situation during the conference time, remote participation and online presentation may be allowed under special circumstances.   
  Scope  
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
  The proceedings of ICDCN 2023 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS) and will be indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through ACM digital library.  
  Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
  Abstract submission: 8th July, 2022  July 25, 2022 (Deadline Extended and this is firm deadline)  
  Paper submission: 8th July, 2022  July 25, 2022 (Deadline Extended and this is firm deadline)  
  Notifications: 18th September, 2022  
  Camera Ready Papers: 31st October, 2022  
  Submission Instructions  
  Camera Ready instructions:  
  Page limit for regular papers camera ready submission is 10 pages.  
  Page limit for short papers camera ready submission is 5 pages.  
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the easychair portal using the URL link below: .  
  Best Paper Award  
  Extended versions of selected best papers from ICDCN 2023 will be invited for fast track publications in the Elsevier’s Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal. The conference will consider awarding Best Paper Awards.