Skip to content  IFIP ICEC 2023   
        Submission 
  Attending | Venue 
  Travel 
    The 22nd IFIP International Conference on Entertainment Computing  
 See you next year for ICEC 2024  at Manaus/Amazonas, Brazil from September 30th to October 3rd!    
 Date: November 15-17, 2023   
  Location: Bologna, Italy   
 The 22nd International Federation for Information Processing – International Conference on Entertainment Computing (IFIP-ICEC 2023) will be held in Bologna, Italy on 15-17 November.  
 The conference is organized by the IFIP TC14 – Entertainment Computing Technical Committee, and will be hosted by the University of Bologna.  
 IFIP-ICEC is the longest lasting and prime scientific conference series in the area of Entertainment Computing. It brings together practitioners, researchers, artists, designers, and industry on the design, creation, development, use, application and evaluation of digital entertainment content and experience systems. This event covers a diverse array of related research issues, including interactive art, game-based learning, XR technologies and ethical considerations associated with entertainment.  
 Important dates  
 We invite submissions under the following categories (deadlines):  
 Workshop proposals ( April 3  extended  April 16)  
  Full Research Papers ( May 22  extended  June 5)  
  Works-in-Progress ( June 5  extended  June 21)  
  Interactive Entertainment / Experiential works ( June 7  extended  June 30)  
  Tutorial proposals ( June 7  extended  June 23)  
  Submissions to Student Competition ( June 7  extended  June 30)  
 Notifications to authors:  
  Full Research Papers ( June 20  July 7)  
  Other tracks ( June 28  July 14)  
 “Camera ready” ( July 1  2 July 30)  
 Submissions to Doctoral Consortium: October 11  
  Late Submissions to Student Competition: October 11 (not in time for the proceedings)  
  Late Submissions to Workshops: October 11 (not in time for the proceedings)  
 All accepted papers will be indexed by EI, and be published in book form in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.  
  In order for a paper to be published in the proceedings, at least one author has to register and present at the conference.  
 Aims  
 IFIP TC14 aims to encourage research, development and sharing of innovative ideas, models and practices, on computer applications in entertainment.  
 Chairs: Helmut Hlavacs, Univ. of Vienna, AUSTRIA and Angelo Di Iorio, Univ. of Bologna, Italy  
 Full papers are the main media for presenting high impact, mature research with original new results. Submissions should describe novel unpublished work addressing one or more of the research topics listed. All technical papers will be published in the official Springer LNCS proceedings. Papers must be submitted using the Springer LNCS format.  
 Paper length should reflect the contribution and maturity of the submission and reviewers from the program committee will be instructed to judge the contribution of a paper relative to its length. For example, typical contributions presenting significant research advances/results should not exceed 12 pages in length excluding references (Full Technical Papers). In addition, videos are encouraged and can be included in the paper or as Electronic Supplementary Material.  
  See the Springer LNCS guidelines on how to include these. The committee may accept submissions conditionally or route them for a different category, when appropriate, and consult with authors to adjust their paper according to the review needs. Accepted papers will be scheduled for long presentations and discussion at the conference.  
 Works in Progress  
 Chairs: Erik van der Spek Eindhoven, University of Technology and Andrea Nuzzolese, National Research Council of Italy  
 Work in Progress (WiP) contributions provide an opportunity to present late-breaking work, new experimental projects, research in early phases or with more limited scope than typical full papers. A WiP submission is a shorter submission describing the research problem, contribution, and value to the community, submitted as a PDF file. Accepted papers will be included into the official Springer LNCS proceedings and will be scheduled for presentation and discussion at the conference.  
 WiP submissions should not exceed 8 pages in length, excl. references, in Springer LNCS format. Submissions with exceeding length relative to their contribution can be rejected. The committee may accept submissions conditionally or route them for a different category, when appropriate, and consult with authors to adjust their paper according to the review needs.  
 Workshops and Tutorials  
 We invite proposals for workshops and tutorials that will be held at IFIP-ICEC 2023.  
 Workshops  
 Chairs: Jannicke Baalsrud Hauge KTH Royal Institute of Technology Sweden and Barbara Goebl University of Wien Austria  
 We invite proposals in all areas of entertainment computing and serious games research (see conference topics listed above) and particularly welcome proposals  
  that will focus on and promote discussion on new and emerging trends in these areas. Workshop proposals must include the following information:  
  – Short but relevant bio information of the organizers;  
  – Expected workshop outcomes (proceedings, special issue of journals, project proposals, etc.);  
  – Proposed workshop due dates (take into consideration conference schedules); workshops can be scheduled for either half a day (4h) or a full day (8h).  
  – Workshops are open to all IFIP-ICEC attendees at no additional cost, even if not submitting contributions.  
 Submissions need to adhere to the stated workshop proposal deadline. Additionally, to be considered for inclusion in the conference proceedings, authors of workshop proposals may also submit a 6 page (maximum, excl. references) paper in the Springer LNCS format, observing the deadline for full paper submission. Regular workshop proposals will not be included in the proceedings.  
 Tutorials  
 Chairs: Allegra De Filippo  
 We invite proposals for tutorials that will be held in conjunction with ICEC 2023. We invite proposals in all areas of entertainment computing (see conference topics listed above) and particularly welcome proposals that will focus on and promote discussion on new and emerging trends. Tutorial proposals should be two pages in length and must include the following information:  
 – Contact information (name, affiliation, address, phone number and email) of the tutorial organizer(s);  
  – Relevant CV information of the tutorial leader(s);  
  – Brief summary of the content.  
 To be considered for inclusion in the conference proceedings, authors of tutorial proposals may also submit a 6 page (maximum) paper in the Springer LNCS  
  format, observing the deadline for full paper submission. Regular tutorial proposals will not be included in the proceedings.  
 Interactive Entertainment / Experiential Works  
 Chairs: Jerome Dupire CNAM Paris and Andrea Poltronieri Univ of Bologna  
 Interactive demonstrations, installations and games show early implementations of novel, interesting, and important entertainment computing concepts, systems, installations or games, or can serve to showcase results not previously described in the research literature.  
 Both research and industry is encouraged to send in and showcase demonstrators of novel approaches to entertainment. We particularly encourage demonstrations with which attendees can interact and play.  
 Demonstration, installation, or a game submission is a shorter submission describing a novel approach to entertainment computing concepts. The submissions will be peer-reviewed and should be composed of a document with 4-5 pages using Springer LNCS format, and structured as follows: (1) up to four pages for an extended abstract and (2) a final page that contains the link to an online video, a list of technical requirements (including electrical and connectivity needs), and physical space requirements (including display and footprint needs). Successful submissions will be included in the conference proceedings.  
 The extended abstract should be written according to the underlying structure of the structured abstract and must be clear, straightforward, and easy to understand. The extended abstract must contain the following sections: abstract and keywords, introduction, methodology, findings, conclusion, and references.  
 Sections can be named differently, and subsections can be included. Supporting figures, tables and images of the results may be included in the extended abstract.  
 Student Game and Interactive Entertainment Competition  
 Chairs: Erik van der Spek and Mara Dionisio  
 Next to the Interactive Entertainment expo, IFIP-ICEC 2023 also organizes a competition for student games and interactive entertainment. All students up to and including PhD candidate level are eligible to send in their game or interactive entertainment installation, as long as the demonstrator is fully experiential, and the demonstrator is part of a research endeavor. This could be a platform to perform research with, a research through design contribution, or a design exemplar of something that advances the state of the art, but the paper detailing the game or interactive entertainment installation should make clear what the development of it may add to our knowledge of games and entertainment. For PhD candidates, this could be a good venue to have the artifact contribution of your game peer reviewed and published in official proceedings.  
 Submissions to the game and interactive entertainment competition should be done in a 4-6 page extended abstract in Springer LNCS format, that among others clearly describes the research goal, a description of the experience of the demonstrator with pictures, and how the demonstrator advances the state of the art.  
 At least one of the student authors on the paper needs to register and be physically present at the conference to showcase the game or installation in order to have a chance at winning the competition. A jury of experts is formed at the conference to select the winner, and the winner will be announced at the end of the conference.  
 There are two submission moments for the student competition. In order to be eligible for the proceedings, you have to submit your paper by the early submission deadline. If you want to participate in the competition without a conference proceedings paper, there is also a late submission deadline.  
 Doctoral Consortium  
 Chair: Esteban Clua  
 The Doctoral Consortium provides an opportunity for doctoral students to explore and develop their research interests in an interdisciplinary workshop, under the guidance of a panel of distinguished researchers in entertainment computing and/or serious games. We invite students who feel they would benefit from this kind of feedback on their dissertation work to apply for this unique opportunity to share their work with students in a similar situation as well as senior researchers in the field. The strongest candidates will be those who have a clear idea and an area, and have made some progress, but who are not so far along that they can no longer make changes. Also, as well as stating how you will gain from acceptance, both you and your advisor should be clear on what you can contribute to the Doctoral Consortium.  
 The Consortium will provide a supportive setting for feedback on students’ current research and guidance on future research directions. It will also offer each student comments and fresh perspectives on their work from researchers and students outside their own institution and promote the development of a supportive community of scholars and a spirit of collaborative research.  
  Current graduate students pursuing a PhD project who would benefit from detailed workshop discussions of their doctoral research should submit a single PDF file consisting of a 4-page extended abstract of your thesis work in Springer LNCS format, clearly specifying the originality of the work with respect to current concepts and techniques, the importance of the work with respect to fundamental issues and themes in entertainment computing, results to date and their validity and contribution of the work (expected and/or achieved) to entertainment computing and/or serious games.  
