 The 27 th  International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems   
  14 - 16 June 2023 - Toulouse, France   
 Benh LIEU SONG  , CC BY-SA 3.0  , via Wikimedia Commons    
 Welcome to the website of the 27th International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems (ICECCS 2023)  
 The 27th International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems (ICECCS 2023) is a well-established event that has been held around the world for over 25 years. Over the past years, we have seen a rapidly rising emphasis on the design, implementation and management of complex computer systems which are present in every aspect of human activities, such as manufacturing, communications, defence, transportation, aerospace, hazardous environments, energy, and healthcare. These complex systems are frequently distributed over heterogeneous networks and process a large amount of data. Complexity arises from many factors, including the dynamic environment and the scenarios these systems operate in, demanding and sometimes conflicting requirements in functionality, efficiency, scalability, security, dependability and adaptability, as well as the wide range of development methodologies, programming languages and implementation details. Performance, real-time behaviour, fault tolerance, security, adaptability, development time and cost, and long life concerns are some of the key issues arising in the development of such systems.  
 The goal of this conference is to bring together industrial, academic, and government experts from a variety of application domains and software disciplines, to discuss how the disciplines' problems and solution techniques interact within the whole system. Researchers, practitioners, tool developers and users, and technology transfer experts are all welcome. The scope of the conference includes long-term research issues, near-term requirements and challenges, established complex systems, emerging promising tools, and retrospective and prospective reflections of research and development into complex systems.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract Submissions Due: 08 December 2022  16 January 2023    
 Full Paper Submissions Due: 15 December 2022  16 January 2023    
 Acceptance/Rejection Notification: 15 March 2023   
 Camera-ready Due: 15 April 2023   
 Conference date: 14-16 June 2023   
 Scope and Topics  
 Full Papers  
 Full papers are divided into two categories: Technical Papers and Experience Reports. The papers submitted to both categories will be reviewed by the program committee members, and papers accepted in either category will be published in the conference proceedings. The proceedings of ICECCS 2023 will be published by Conference Publishing Services (CPS). Technical papers should describe original research, and experience reports should present practical projects carried out in the industry, and reflect on the lessons learnt from them.  
  Short Papers  
 Short paper submissions describe early-stage, ongoing or PhD research. All short papers will be reviewed by the program committee members, and accepted short papers will be published in the conference proceedings.  
  Submission and Publication  
 Submissions to the conference must not have been published or be concurrently considered for publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation quality, and relevance to the conference.  
 Submitted manuscripts should be in English and formatted in the style of the double-column Conference Publishing Services (CPS) format. Full papers should not exceed 10 pages, and short papers should not exceed 6 pages, including figures, references, and appendices. All submissions should be in PDF format. Submissions not adhering to the specified format and length may be rejected immediately, without review.  
 Please prepare your manuscripts in accordance to the ( Conference Publishing Services (CPS) guidelines  ). We invite all prospective authors to submit their manuscripts via the ICECCS'23 portal, hosted on EasyChair  .  
  Access submission portal   
 Registration  
 ICECCS registration fee covers: | conference proceedings and program, access to conference sessions, coffee breaks and lunchs during the conference, and gala dinner. 
 Registration Fees  
  Bank transfer: | send a copy of your bank transfer by email to | iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr | (See bank account details at the end of this page). 
  Payment by check or bank transfer shall be made before 2 June, 2023.  
  If you need an invoice, please send a request by email to  iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr  Conditions for cancellation  
 Cancellations must be made by writing to  iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr  The registration of participation is binding. 
  BIC : TRPUFRP1  
 ICECCS 2023 Accepted Papers  
 Full Papers  
 Supervised Robustness-preserving Data-free Neural Network Pruning | Mark Huasong Meng, Guangdong Bai, Sin G. Teo and Jin Song Dong 
  Expiring opacity problems in parametric timed automata | Étienne André, Engel Lefaucheux and Dylan Marinho 
  Model Checking of Intersection Traffic Control Protocols | Yuya Noguchi and Tatsuhiro Tsuchiya 
  Specification and Verification of Communication Paradigms for CBSE in Event B | Loïc Thierry, Jason Jaskolka, Brahim Hamid and Jean-Paul Bodeveix 
  How to select samples for active learning? Document clustering with active learning methodology | Norbert Ropiak, Mateusz Gniewkowski, Michał Swędrowski, Michał Pogoda, Karol Gawron, Bartłomiej Bojanowski and Tomasz Walkowiak 
  Rapid Prototyping & Development Life Cycle for Smart Applications of Internet of Entities | Pierfrancesco Bellini, Daniele Bologna, Marco Fanfani, Luciano Alessandro Ipsaro Palesi, Paolo Nesi and Gianni Pantaleo 
 Program  
 Scientific and Social Programme of ICECCS 2023  
  Scientific and Social Programme   
 Proceedings  
 ICECCS 2023 Proceedings  
  Proceedings   
 Host City and Venue  
 The conference will be held in INP-ENSEEIHT  . It is located in the centre of Toulouse. It is easily accessible by metro from François Verdier station or Jean-Jaurès station.  
 ENSEEIHT Engineer school  
  2 Rue Charles Camichel  
 Sponsors  
 Copyright © ICECCS 2023