  Search About Journals, Conferences, and Book Series   
  Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR    
  Impact, Factor and Metrics, Impact Score, Ranking, h-index, SJR, Rating, Publisher, ISSN, and More    
 Last Updated on September 3, 2024   
  Impact Score   
 Note:  The impact score  or impact index  shown here is equivalent to the average number of times documents published in a journal/conference in the past two years have been cited in the current year (i.e., Cites / Doc. (2 years)). It is based on Scopus data and can be a little higher or different compared to the impact factor (IF) produced by Journal Citation Report. Please refer to the Web of Science data source to check the exact journal impact factor ™ (Thomson Reuters) metric.  
 Important Metrics and Factor   
 Title | Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR 
 Abbreviation | Proc. Int. Conf. Front. Handwrit. Recognit. ICFHR 
 Publication Type | Conference and proceedings 
 Subject Area, Categories, Scope | Computer Networks and Communications; Computer Science Applications; Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition; Electrical and Electronic Engineering; Instrumentation; Radiation 
 Coverage History |  
  About Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR   
 Impact IF Trend   
  Year wise Impact IF  of Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR. Based on Scopus data.  
 Year | Impact IF 
 2023/2024 | Coming Soon 
 Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR h-index   
 Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR ISSN   
 An ISSN is a unique code of 8 digits. It is used for the recognition of journals, newspapers, periodicals, and magazines in all kind of forms, be it print-media or electronic.  
 Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR Rank and SCImago Journal Rank (SJR)   
 SJR of Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR by Year   
 Year | SJR 
 2023/2024 | Coming Soon 
 Ranking of Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR by Year   
 Year | Ranking 
 2023/2024 | Coming Soon 
 Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR Publisher   
 Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR   is published by  . It's publishing house is located in United States  . Coverage history of this conference and proceedings  is as following:  . The organization or individual who handles the printing and distribution of printed or digital publications is known as Publisher.  
 Call For Papers   
  Abbreviation   
  The IS0 4 standard abbreviation of Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR  is Proc. Int. Conf. Front. Handwrit. Recognit. ICFHR  . This abbreviation ('Proc. Int. Conf. Front. Handwrit. Recognit. ICFHR') is well recommended and approved for the purpose of indexing, abstraction, referencing and citing goals. It meets all the essential criteria of ISO 4 standard.  
 ISO 4 (International Organization for Standardization 4) is an international standard that defines a uniform and consistent system for abbreviating serial publication titles and journals.  
 How to publish in Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR   
  If your research field is/are related to Computer Networks and Communications; Computer Science Applications; Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition; Electrical and Electronic Engineering; Instrumentation; Radiation  , then please visit the official website of this conference and proceedings  .  
 Acceptance Rate   
  The acceptance rate/percentage of any academic journal/conference depends upon many parameters. Some of the critical parameters are listed below.  
 The demand or interest of researchers/scientists in publishing in a specific Journal/Conference. 
  Peer review complexity and timeline. 
  The mix of unsolicited and invited submissions. 
  The time it takes from manuscript submission to final publication. 
  And Many More. 
 It is essential to understand that the acceptance rate/rejection rate of papers varies among journals. Some Journals considers all the manuscripts submissions as a basis of acceptance rate computation. On the other hand, few consider the only manuscripts sent for peer review or few even not bother about the accurate maintenance of total submissions. Hence, it can provide a rough estimation only.  
 The best way to find out the acceptance rate is to reach out to the associated editor or to check the official website  of the Journal/Conference.  
 Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)   
   What's the latest impact IF of the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?     
  What's the SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) of the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?   
  What's the latest h-index of the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?   
   Who's the publisher of the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?   
 The Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR is published by the  , with its country of publication being the United States.  
  What's the current ranking of the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?   
   What's the abbreviation or short name for the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?   
 The standard ISO4 abbreviation for the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR is Proc. Int. Conf. Front. Handwrit. Recognit. ICFHR  .  
  Is the "Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR" classified as a Journal, Conference and Proceedings, Trade Journal or Book Series?   
 Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR is classified as a conference and proceedings  that the publishes.  
   What's the scope or major areas of the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?   
 The Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR encompasses the following areas:  
 Computer Networks and Communications 
  Computer Science Applications 
 For a more comprehensive understanding of its scope, check the official website of this conference and proceedings.  
  What's the ISSN of the Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR?   
 Check complete list    
  Year wise Impact Score (IS) of Proceedings of International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition, ICFHR  
 Impact Score Table   
