  - Accommodation 
  - Local Information 
  Submission | - Author Instruction 
  - Proceedings 
  - Calls | - Call for Papers 
  User Portal 
 ICFHR 2022  
 International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition  
  December 04 - 07 , 2022   Hyderabad, India    
 The proceedings are now available for downloading click here   
 Welcome to ICFHR 2022  
 IIIT-Hyderabad is happy to host the 18 th  edition of the International Conference on Frontiers of Handwriting Recognition (ICFHR) 2022. The conference holds important scientific significance in the field of handwriting recognition.  
  The aim of ICFHR is to bring together experts across the world from academia and industry. Serves as a platform to share enriching experiences related to the field. The conference also aims to promote research and development in all aspects of handwriting and applications.  
 History of ICFHR  
 VENUE OF ICFHR 2022  
 Hyderabad- "The city of pearls" has been popularly voted as the venue for ICFHR 2022. It is a hub of leading international IT giants, pharmaceutical companies, research institutes, and laboratories. Hyderabad is a modern city with the presence of many IT firms.  
  It offers an excellent opportunity for ICFHR to get connected to the industrial research activities in the broad area of handwriting and document analysis. The city has witnessed and played host to a number of other international conferences including IJCAI, WWW, ACCV, ICSE, and others in the past.  
  ICFHR 2022 is planned to be a physical conference. For authors who may not be able to travel due to COVID related issues, remote presentation at the conference will be possible.  
 Hosting Organizations  
 ICFHR 2022 is being hosted by the International Institute of Information Technology  , Hyderabad. It is also a major event supported by the IAPR Technical Committee TC-11 (Reading Systems). IAPR TC11 is the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR) Technical Committee Number 11.  
 For any queries regarding the International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition (ICFHR 2022) feel free to drop a mail :  
  icfhr2022@iiit.ac.in   
 SUPPORTED BY  
 Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved | ICFHR 2022