Conference Paper  PDF Available  Using Scrum in Global Software Development: A Systematic Literature Review  
 Content uploaded by Hye-young Paik    
 Author content    
 All content in this area was uploaded by Hye-young Paik   
 these papers to  identify various challenges of  using Scrum in   
 GSD. Current strategies  to deal with the identified challenges   
 have  also  been ext  racted.  This  paper  presents  the  review’s   
 findings  that are expected  to   help  researchers and practiti  oners   
 to  understand the challenges  in  volved  in  using Scrum f  or  GSD   
 been closely researched yet [2].   
 Agile  Software  Development  (ASD)  paradigm  has   
 gained  significant attention  due to  its flexible  approach to   
 managing  the  requirement  volatilit  y  and  emphasis  on   
 extensive collaboration  between customers and  developers   
 the  practitione  rs  and re  searchers  to investigate  the  relevant   
 experiences reported  in th  e literature to  learn  how agile   
 practices  can be effecti  vely  used  in  GSD  projects.  Due to   
 the  fact  t  hat  agile  practices  are  b  ased  on  the philosophy of   
 close,  frequent  and  collocated  collaborations,  the   
 presented in  Section  IV.  Section V  discusses  the  findings to   
 draw some conclusions. The limitations of the study are   
 mentioned in Section VI. Section VII closes t  he paper with a   
 brief discussion of the  researchable issues on t  his topic.   
 II.  B    
 attend sprint review  meetings to  review the  state of  the   
 business,  the  market  and  technology.  These  meetings  could   
 also last up to 4 hours. A retrospective  meeting may be   
 scheduled to assess the teamwork in the completed sprin  ts. A   
 daily  Scrum  meeting  b  y  a  Scrum  team  is  a  15-minute  long   
 [4].  For  this  reason  we  have  decided  to  explore,  investigate   
 and  explain  various  challenging  factors  that  restrict  the  use   
 of  Scrum  pr  actices  due  to  t  he  global  project  .  Current   
 strategies to reduce these challenging factors are also be   
 explored.   
 synthesis,  and  reporting  the r  esults.  We  followed  all  these   
 steps for  the reported study  as described in  the following   
 sections of this paper.   
 The  broad  objective  of  this  stud  y  is  to  answer  the   
 following research question.   
 clearly  that   the  articles  w  ere  outside the scop  e  of the SLR   
 However,  a  paper’s  title  may  not  alwa  ys  represent  the   
 abstracts among thr  ee researchers in su  ch a way so that  each   
 papers for stage 4 of the selection  process.   
 C.  Final Selection    
 We  used  the following  screening criteria  to ensure  the   
 papers address our research topic  .   
 1.  Does  a paper  address  the  use of  any  Scrum pract  ices in    
 distributed projects?   
 2.  Does  a paper discuss any real life experience of using    
 Scrum practices in distributed projects  ?   
 As there  is a l  ack of existing  empirical r  esearch, we  also   
 that ad  dress the  use  of  Scrum  practice in  GSD  projects.  For   
 additional quality assessment, we included following two   
 criteria related to the quality of each  paper’s description.   
 3.  Does the objective of the paper is  clearly mentioned?    
 4.  Does  the  pa  per  discuss  GSD  project  contextual   factors    
 adequately?   
 was measured  based on  the GSE  background info  rmation as   
 shown in Appendix B. These  4 points provided a meas  ure of   
 the  ext  ent  to which  we  are  confi  dent  that   a selected  paper   
 could  ma  ke  a  valuable  contribution  to  understand  the   
 current use of Scrum  practices in distribute  d setting. Each of   
 papers  that  discussed  some  other  agile  m  ethods  and   
 practices  (e.g.  XP,  p  air  programming).  Among  t  he  21   
 papers,  we  found  that  one  journal  paper  [S1]  was  an   
 extended  versio  n  of  p  reviously  published conference pa  per   
 [S1a].  We  also  found  th  at  two  papers  [S3]  and  [S3a]   
 comprehensive recently published papers  as mentioned in   
 appendix A.  In  addition,  one researcher went  thro  ugh the   
 reference list o  f every selected pap  er of this final  stage. This   
 helped  us  to  i  dentify  an  y  r  elevant  paper  that  was  not   
 extracted  by  our  search  strategy.  In  this  proces  s,  we   
 identified on  e journal  paper  [S8]  that  was  not  retrieved   
 through  our  search  of  electronic  databases  but  was  cited  by   
 some of  the s  elected papers  [S1,  S4]. Th  e abstract  was   
 reviewed  by  two  resear  chers  independently  and  agreed  t  hat   
 the  paper  [S8]  appeared t  o b  e  within  the  scope  of  the   
 research.  Finall  y we  selected  20  papers  (e  xcluding  two   
 repeated pap  ers S1a  and  S3a  and  including  one  journal   
 paper  S8  from  initially  selected  21  papers)  for  data   
 extraction  and  synthesis  phases.  We  have  enlisted  the   
 selected primary studies in Appendi  x A.   
 D.  Data Extraction and Synthesis    
 From the final selected studies  , we extracted data using a   
 pre-defined  d  ata  extraction   form  as  shown in  Appendix  B.   
 The detail description  of the  data extraction form  can be   
 address our research questions.   
 We synthesized the  data by i  dentifying themes em  anating   
 from  the  findings  reported  in  each  of  the  paper  reviewed  in   
 this  study.  In  t  he  following  section,  we  present  frequencies   
 of t  he  number  of ti  mes  each the  me i  s id  entified  in d  ifferent   
 synthesized  o  verview  of  the  literature   on  using  Scrum   
 practices in different  distributed projects.    
 1)  RQ1-Challenges  of  Using  Scrum  Due   to  Project    
 Distribution   
 We have identified sixt  een papers that can  help us to   
 ISTRIBUTION   
 Challenging factors  Paper referenc  es  Frequency   
 (#  of   
 confusion  am  ong  team members.  This  SLR  has  f  ound  that   
 some Scrum t  eams could n  ot conduct effective  retrospective   
 meetings  due to t  he  socio-cultural distance i  nvolved  in the   
 distributed project  [S1, S7].  Communication   networks ca  n   
 also  be slow an  d  unreliable with poo  r  transmission quality   
 Scrum within a local team [S17]. Scrum teams also use   
 strict communication policy (e.g. E-mail repl  y within 12   
 hours) to avoid delay due to t  he temporal distance of a   
 distributed team  [S9]. Instead  of whole  team presence  in the   
 late night  (or earl  y morning) Scru  m meetings,  only key   
 ensures  that  a  Scrum  team  with  distribut  ed  project   
 stakeholders  is  sup  ported  with  various  options  of   
 communication  tools  s  uch  as  phone,  web  camera,   
 teleconference,  video  con  ference,  web  conference,  n  et   
 meeting, email,  shared mailing  list, Instant  Message (IM),   
 used strategy for managing a l  arge distributed team that   
 considered using S  crum is  to  split  into small manageable   
 sub-teams  [S1-2,  S5].  Thus,  a  large  GSD  project  may   
 contain  a  number  of  Scrum  teams  (or  sub  teams)  and  some   
 of  the  Scrum  teams  may  als  o  be  geographic  ally  distributed   
 teams are  cr  oss-functional with  team members  distributed   
 across geo  graphical l  ocations.  This  type o  f Scrum  team   
 should  consider  the ris  ks due  to  geographical,  temporal  and   
 socio-cultural distances. In this m  odel, all team members   
 should  attend  and  participate  in  every  Scrum  meeti  ng   
 using agile practices in  general and Scrum p  ractices in   
 particular in the context of GSD.   
 Conclusion  2. The  use  of  Scrum  practices  may be  limited    
 by various GSD project’s contextual  factors.   
 processes.   
 Our  review  findings  reveal  th  at  the  tempor  al,   
 geographical  and  socio-cultural  dist  ances  due  to  the  project   
 stakeholder’s distributi  on cause a  number of  challenging   
 factors  that  impact  GSD  communication, coordination  and   
 thorough selectio  n process  and in  volved two r  esearchers   
 cross checkin  g the  completeness  of searchers  and vali  dating   
 the suitability of each paper for inclusion.  However, the   
 [S4]  J.  Cho,  “Distributed  Scrum  for  Large-Scale  and   
 Mission-Critical Projects,” in Proce  edings of the Conference   
 [S5]  W.  Williams,  M.  Stout,  “Colossal,  Scattered,  and   
 [S9] M.  Vax, S. Michaud,  “Dist  ributed Agile:  Grow  ing a   
 Practice Together”  in Proc  eedings of th  e Conference on   
 [S10]  H.  Smits,  “Implementing  Scrum  in  a  Distrib  uted   
 [S11]  B. Jensen  , A.  Zilmer,  “Cross-  continent  Development   
 using Scrum  and XP” in  Proceedings of  t  he Conference on   
 [S14] A.  Danait,  “Agile o  ffshore techniques-  A  case Stud  y”   
 in proceedings of the Conference on Agile Development   
 [S15]  M.  Summers,  “Insights  into  an  Agile  Adventure  with   
 Offshore Partners,” in Proceedings of the Conference on   
 [S16] E.  Therrien,  “Overcoming  the  Challenges of  Building   
 Appendix B. Data Extraction fo  rm   
 Paper description:   
 1.  Paper identifier: Unique id for th  e paper    
 2.  Date of data extraction:    
 3.  Bibliographic reference: Author,  year, title, source    
 4.  Type  of  article:  Journal  article/conference  paper/    
 workshop paper/unclear   
 5.  Paper aims: what were the aims of thi  s paper?    
 6.  Paper  E  vidence:  empirical  study/experien  ce    
 report/unclear   
 of Scrum practices.   
 4.  Subjective  evaluation:  a  small sum  mary of  the  findings    
 from the paper.   
 A   
 [8]  Ambler,  S.:   Agile  Practice  and  Principles  Survey:  July   
 Article    
 Full-text available    
 Aug 2024 
 Oscar Díaz 
 Article    
 Sep 2024 
 Mateeh Ullah 
  Abdullah Asim 
 The main aim is to improvement in the quality of image, perform other operation, extraction of information and to classify the image while doing image processing. It is effectively used in computer, medical and other related fields. The main problem is that it is generally a time-consuming process; Parallel computing (parallelism) provides an efficient and convenient way to address this issue. There are many challenges in Image processing like Filtering, Restoration and classification etc. In addition, it is also a time-consuming process. The solution of these challenges is to use a parallel computing technique known as parallel image processing. The main focus of this paper is to review and to provide the comparative study of the existing contributions of tools and techniques of parallel image processing and analysis between different technique which are MATLAB, CUDA, BIONIC, Hadoop and GPU (graphic Processing Unit) along with limitation and advantage of these tools and techniques. In this review, we also tried to discuss the architecture of these parallel image processing techniques.    
 View     
 Chapter    
 Full-text available    
 Sep 2024 
 Krzysztof Woźniak 
 Article    
 Nov 2024 
  NUCL ENG DES 
 Article    
 Oct 2024 
 Ashraf Bany Mohammed 
 Article    
 Oct 2024 
 Mansurali Anifa 
 Article    
 May 2024 
 А.О. Пілюков 
 Article    
 Full-text available    
 May 2024 
 Meghna P Desai 
 Chapter    
 Mar 2024 
 Fernando Gonzalez-Aleu 
 Show abstract      
 Memorias del V Congreso internacional de investigación aplicada “Ecosistemas digitales” VIII Simposio internacional de ciencia innovación y tecnología (2023)    
 Article    
 Full-text available    
 Dec 2023 
 Servicio Nacional de Aprendizaje SENA 
 Incorporating social software into distributed agile development environments    
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
  Filippo Lanubile 
 The use of social software applications, such as wikis and blogs, has emerged as a practical and economical option to consider as global teams may use them to organize, track, publish their work, and then, share knowledge. We intend to push further the application of social software principles and technologies into collaborative development environments for agile and distributed projects. As a first step, in this paper we first present a survey of social software, as well as tools and environments for collaborative development. Then, we present some opportunities and challenges of incorporating social software aspects in agile distributed development.    
 View     
 Adopting Agile in Distributed Development    
 Conference Paper    
  J. Jagadish Shrinivasavadhani 
 Key challenges of finding right skilled resources and the cost arbitrage factors have made distributed software development indispensable for quite some time now. The success stories of many offshore service providers particularly from India underlines the fact that this is working well in a "hands-free" mode, especially for projects following traditional development life cycles. The recent trend is an increase in the number of organizations adopting agile methodologies to tackle the challenges of requirements volatility and shorter time to market. However, the concept of a collocated team which is central to agile does not easily translate to distributed development. This paper captures our experience at Wipro in handling Distributed Agile projects. We discuss a validated model to make a smooth transition from a collocated to a distributed scenario in agile projects. We also share the lessons learnt and best practices that we have gained in implementing this model.    
 View     
 View     
 Outsourcing and Offshoring with Agility: A Case Study (Experience Paper).    
 Conference Paper    
 Discover more    
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
 View full-text    
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
  Hye-young Paik 
  June M. Verner 
  There is growing interest in applying agile practices in Global Software Development (GSD) projects. But project stakeholder distribution in GSD creates a number of challenges that make it difficult to use some agile practices. Moreover, little is known about what the key challenges or risks are, and how GSD project mangers deal with these risks while using agile practices. We conduct a ... [Show full abstract]  Systematic Literature Review (SLR) following existing guidelines to identify primary papers that discuss the use of Scrum practices in GSD projects. We identify key challenges, due to global project distribution, that restrict the use of Scrum and explore the strategies used by project managers to deal with these challenges. Our findings are consolidated into a conceptual framework and we discuss various elements of this framework. This research is relevant to project managers who are seeking ways to use Scrum in their globally distributed projects.    
 View full-text    
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
  Paul L. Bannerman 
  R. Jeffery 
  Project stakeholder distribution in Global Software Development (GSD) is characterized by temporal, geographical and socio-cultural distance, which creates challenges for communication, coordination and control. Practitioners constantly seek strategies, practices and tools to counter the challenges of GSD. There is increasing interest in using Scrum in GSD even though it originally assumed ... [Show full abstract]  collocation. However, empirically, little is known about how Scrum practices respond to the challenges of GSD. This paper develops a research framework from the literature as a basis for future research and practice. The framework maps current knowledge and views on how Scrum practices can be used to mitigate commonly recognized challenges in GSD. This research is useful as a reference guide for practitioners who are seeking to understand how Scrum practices can be used effectively in GSD, and for researchers as a research framework to validate and extend current knowledge.    
 View full-text    
 Conference Paper    
 Towards a Framework for Using Agile Approaches in Global Software Development   
