ICIT 2023     
 The 2nd International Conference on Intelligence of Things   
 Toggle navigation    ICIT 2023     
 HOME 
  COMMITTEE 
  AUTHORS | Call for Papers 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Presentation Guidelines 
  SPECIAL SESSION 
  HISTORY 
 25 th - 27 th October, 2023   
 HCMUT, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   
 Submission - June 10, 2023  July 1, 2023 (Hard deadline) 
  Notification - July 20, 2023 
  Camera Ready - July 25, 2023 
  Registration - July 25, 2023 
 The 2nd International Conference on Intelligence of Things 2023   
 Introduction   
 The International Conference on Intelligence of things (ICIT) is an International Conference on the current state of technology and the outcome of ongoing research in the area of the Internet of things, the intelligence of things (IoT2/AIoT), and related fields of Information Technology, technically sponsored by Springer.  
  After the first successful organization, the 2nd ICIT 2023 continues to be organized by Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HCMUT), Hanoi University of Mining and Geology (HUMG), Vietnam National University of Agriculture (VNUA), Ho Chi Minh City Open University, and Quy Nhon University.  
  ICIT 2023 will be hosted by Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HCMUT) in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam from October 25 to October 27, 2023.  
 Accepted and presented papers will be published by Springer in series Lecture Notes on Data Engineering and Communications Technologies, indexed by SCOPUS.  
  Paper Submission    
   Artificial Intelligence(AI) and Internet of Things(IoT) Technologies in Healthcare Applications: Heart and Brain Case Studies   
 Abstract  
 Disadvantaged communities across the world are disproportionately affected by a lack of access to healthcare with high societal and individual costs. Conditions such as congenital heart disease and brain seizures can have devastating effects if not detected in time. The main issue is that there is often a lack of trained personnel and/or expensive equipment to detect these conditions. Advances in the Internet of Things and AI technologies can provide reliable, low-cost solutions to detect these conditions without disrupting existing hospital protocols and operating within a secure framework. In our approach, solutions that involve the communion between the medical professional and AI are of special interest. These solutions must be explainable to gain wider acceptance in a medical setting. The presentation will discuss some implementations using EDGE and IoT platforms for an AI-driven auscultation for congenital heart disease and AI-driven sonification of brainwaves. Some aspects of IoT/EDGE security will also be briefly discussed.  
  Special thanks to my colleagues: Prof. Andriy Temko; Dr. Andreea Factor; Prof Viktoria Shelevytska, Prof. Volodymyr Sarana, , Dr. Sergi Gomez Quintana, Feargal O’Sullivan, Lavanya Pampana, Dominic Lightbody, Duc-Minh Ngo, Tien Van Nguyen, Giuseppe Carracciolo, Leah Twomey, Adam Creed, as well as our funders and supporters.  
 Biography of Dr. Emanuel M. Popovici  
 GALLERY   
 ICIT 2023   
 Contact  
 Home 
  Commitee 
  Submission 
 © 2023 The CSE Faculty, HCMUT  , inc. All rights reserved.