Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Technical Program  Social Event  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
 Sponsored by:    
 Call for Papers  
 Scope  | Conference Areas  | Keynote Lectures  | Paper Submission   
  Publications  | Important Dates  |  Secretariat  | Venue    
  Conference Chair  | Program Chair  | Program Committee    
 ICINCO is sponsored by INSTICC  – Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication  
  SCOPE  
 The purpose of the International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics (ICINCO) is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested in the application of informatics to Control, Automation and Robotics. Four simultaneous tracks will be held, covering Intelligent Control Systems, Optimization, Robotics, Automation, Signal Processing, Sensors, Systems Modelling and Control, and Industrial Informatics.  
  Authors should highlight the benefits of Information Technology (IT) in these areas. Ideas on how to solve problems using IT, both in R&D and industrial applications, are welcome. Papers describing advanced prototypes, systems, tools and techniques and general survey papers indicating future directions are also encouraged. Papers describing original work are invited in any of the areas listed below. Accepted papers, presented at the conference by one of the authors, will be published in the Proceedings of ICINCO, with an ISBN. Acceptance will be based on quality, relevance and originality. Both full research reports and work-in-progress reports are welcome. There will be both oral and poster sessions.  
  Special sessions, dedicated to case-studies and commercial presentations, as well as tutorials dedicated to technical/scientific topics are also envisaged: companies interested in presenting their products/methodologies or researchers interested in holding a tutorial, workshop or special session are invited to contact the conference secretariat or visit the conference website.   
  CONFERENCE AREAS  
  Vladimír Kucera  ,  Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic   
  PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Authors can submit their work in the form of a complete paper or an abstract, but please note that accepted abstracts are presented but not published in the proceedings of the conference. Complete papers can be submitted as a Regular Paper, representing completed and validated research, or as a Position Paper, portraying a short report of work in progress or an arguable opinion about an issue discussing ideas, facts, situations, methods, procedures or results of scientific research focused on one of the conference topic areas.  
  Authors should submit a paper in English, carefully checked for correct grammar and spelling, addressing one or several of the conference areas or topics. Each paper should clearly indicate the nature of its technical/scientific contribution, and the problems, domains or environments to which it is applicable. To facilitate the double-blind paper evaluation method, authors are kindly requested to produce and provide the paper WITHOUT any reference to any of the authors, including the authors’ personal details, the acknowledgments section of the paper and any other reference that may disclose the authors’ identity.  
  When submitting a complete paper please note that only original papers should be submitted. Authors are advised to read INSTICC's ethical norms regarding plagiarism and self-plagiarism  thoroughly before submitting and must make sure that their submissions do not substantially overlap work which has been published elsewhere or simultaneously submitted to a journal or another conference with proceedings. Papers that contain any form of plagiarism will be rejected without reviews.  
  All papers must be submitted through the online submission platform PRIMORIS  and should follow the instructions and templates that can be found under Guidelines and Templates  . After the paper submission has been successfully completed, authors will receive an automatic confirmation e-mail.  
  PUBLICATIONS  
 All accepted complete papers will be published in the conference proceedings, under an ISBN reference, on paper and on digital support.  
  The proceedings will be submitted for indexation by SCOPUS, Google Scholar, DBLP, Semantic Scholar, EI and Web of Science / Conference Proceedings Citation Index  .  
  IMPORTANT DATES  
 Conference Date:  18 - 20 November, 2024   
 Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  June 24, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  July 31, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  September 13, 2024 (expired)   
  Position Papers /Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  July 24, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  September 12, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  September 25, 2024 (expired)    
  Late-Breaking   
 Paper Submission:  September 6, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  September 26, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  October 7, 2024 (expired)    
  Workshops    
 Workshop Proposal:  June 26, 2024 (expired)    
  Special Sessions    
 Special Session Proposal:  June 26, 2024 (expired)    
  Tutorials    
 Tutorial Proposal:  October 9, 2024 (expired)    
  Demos    
 Demo Proposal:  October 9, 2024 (expired)    
  Panels    
 Panel Proposal:  October 9, 2024 (expired)    
  Abstracts    
 Abstract Submission:  October 1, 2024 (expired)    
 Authors Notification:  October 9, 2024 (expired)    
 Camera Ready and Registration:  October 15, 2024 (expired)    
  SECRETARIAT  
 ICINCO Secretariat    
  Address: Avenida de S. Francisco Xavier, Lote 7 Cv. C   
  e-mail:  icinco.secretariat@insticc.org   
  VENUE  
 The conference will take place at the Vila Galé Porto hotel which is located in the beautiful and historical city of Porto in Portugal. Porto is considered to be one of the most beautiful historical towns in Portugal, with its remarkable architectural heritage shaped by history.  
   CONFERENCE CHAIR   
