  MENU     
 2023 IEEE International Conference on Image Processing  
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    
  Contact Us 
  Plenary Speakers 
  For Authors | Paper Kit 
  Lecture Presentation Instructions 
  E-Poster Presentation Instructions 
  Video Preparation and Upload 
  Author Invitation Letter Request 
  Publishing and Paper Presentation Options 
  Submit a Paper to the ICIP Review Track 
  Submit a Paper to the OJSP Review Track 
  Request ICIP Presentation of an SPS Journal Paper 
  Calls | Important Dates 
  Call for papers 
  Registration Desk 
  Attendee Invitation Letter Request 
  Link Paper to Registration 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  Technical Program 
  Industry Program 
  Paper Search 
  Welcome Reception 
  Award Winners 
  Special Sessions 
  Women in Signal Processing Luncheon 
  Author Ethics and IEEE New Author Tools Workshop 
  Young Professionals Networking 
  Student Job Fair and Luncheon 
  Travel Information 
  Venue 
  Sponsorship Opportunities | Become an ICIP Patron/Exhibitor 
  Patrons and Exhibitors 
  Conference Photos | Day 1 Photos 
  Day 4 Photos 
 Welcome to ICIP 2023   
 We are delighted to invite you to participate in the 2023 IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP 2023)  , which will be held in Kuala Lumpur from October 8 to October 11, 2023. This flagship conference of the IEEE Signal Processing Society (SPS) will be held in-person at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre. The ICIP 2023 organizing committee, together with our partners and volunteers, welcomes your physical presence in Kuala Lumpur!  
 IEEE ICIP is the world’s largest and most comprehensive technical conference focused on image & video processing and computer vision. This conference will showcase world-class plenary speakers, tutorials, exhibits, special sessions, industry sessions, and a women-in-engineering event that provides an excellent forum for fostering innovation and entrepreneurship. There will be plentiful opportunities to network with the brightest minds in academia and industry from this field. In addition, several events targeting students and young professionals will also be featured at IEEE ICIP 2023.  
 The technical programme at ICIP 2023 will be comprehensive, featuring cutting-edge advances in image processing research and technology. Leading researchers and global industry pioneers are anticipated to attend this conference, which will include top-notch oral and poster sessions, keynotes, plenaries, perspective talks, tutorials, special sessions, exhibitions and demonstrations, industry workshops, and entrepreneurial presentations. We invite students, academic and industry researchers as well as practitioners to submit their latest work for presentation at ICIP 2023. The Conference will provide an engaging platform to network with thought-leaders, trailblazers, colleagues and friends as well as with sponsors and exhibitors.  
 The ICIP 2023 social program will highlight the diversity of Malaysian cuisine, culture, and arts which comprise of Malay, Indian, Chinese and other ethnic influences. Malaysia is “Truly Asia”, the one place where all the colours, flavours, sounds and sights of Asia come together. This exciting diversity of cultures, festivals, traditions and customs, offers a myriad stimulating experiences. Be ready to spend a few days when visiting our beautiful islands which are renowned for snorkeling and scuba diving. Please do check our pre- and post-conference tours in and outside Kuala Lumpur.  
 We are working hard to develop a scientific and social program for ICIP 2023 that will be a symphony of outstanding science, engineering, and social interactions for you to enjoy. Please join us for ICIP 2023 to create indelible memories for a lifetime!  
 Norliza Mohd Noor, Gaurav Sharma and Mohan Kankanhalli   
  ICIP 2023 General Chairs.  
 SIGNAL PROCESSING SOCIETY   
