 Home 
  Call for Papers | Topics 
  Submission 
  Committees 
  Speakers | Keynote Speaker 
 Call for Papers   
 Submission Link   
 Program at a glance  
  ICISPC 2024   
 ❑ Fukuoka | July 19-21, 2024   
 ICISPC 2024 proceedings:   
 IEEE Xplore   
  ICISPC 2023   
 ❑ Kumamoto | July 21-23, 2023   
 ICISPC 2023 proceedings:   
 IEEE Xplore  | Ei Compendex  | Scopus    
  ICISPC 2022   
 ❑ Virtual | July 22-24, 2022   
 ICISPC 2022 proceedings:   
 IEEE Xplore  | Ei Compendex  | Scopus    
  ACM digital library  | Ei Compendex  | Scopus    
  Submission & Publication  
 Proceedings  
 All full paper submissions will be peer reviewed and evaluated based on originality, technical and/or research content/depth, correctness, contributions, readability and relevance to conference.      
 After a careful reviewing process, all accepted and presented papers after proper registration and presentation, will be published into conference proceedings and submitted to Ei Compendex and Scopus for indexing.   
 Multiple Submission Policy  
 ICISPC will not accept any paper which, at the time of submission, is under reviewing, is accepted for publication, or has already been published in another conference or journal. Authors are also expected not to submit their papers elsewhere during the reviewing period. Submitted papers are expected to contain original work executed by the authors with adequate, proper and scholarly citations to the work of others. It is the job of the authors to clearly identify both their own contribution(s) and also published results / techniques on which they depend or build. Reviewers are charged to ensure these standards are met.   
 Submission Guideline  
 The official language is English. The submitted paper should be no less than full 4 pages and no more than 10 pages and please prepare carefully according to the  conference template  . Welcome you to submit full paper or abstract by Electronic Submission System. (  Click to Submit   ).   
 Abstract/ Presentation: Abstract submission required; oral presentation only; will not be published. 
  Full Paper/Publication: Full paper submission required; presentation required; will be published. 
 Key Information  
 Important Deadline  
 Call for Reviewers  
 Experts in the area of Imaging, Signal Processing and Communications are welcome to join the conference as reviewer. Send your CV to: icispc@bmail.org.   
  Contact us  
 Interested in becoming a Delegate?  
 Delegate Online Registration    
 Please email to conference secretary at icispc@bmail.org for registration status checking after online Delegate registration.  
 Sponsored by  
