Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
   ICLR | Help/FAQ 
  Contact ICLR 
  Downloads 
  ICLR Blog 
  Code of Conduct 
  Privacy Policy 
  Press 
  Exhibitor Information 
  ICLR Twitter 
  About ICLR 
  My Stuff 
  2024 
  2023 
  2022 
  Call for Blog Posts 
  Call for Socials 
  Guides | Author Guide 
  Reviewer Guide 
  Area Chair Guide 
  Visiting Kigali 
  Code of Conduct 
  Organization | ICLR Board 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Reviewers 
  Ethics Committee 
  About ICLR 
  Conference Site 
 Kigali Rwanda  
  Mon May 1 — Fri May 5  
  firstback   
 Conference content including videos becomes free to the public June 3rd.  
 Certificate of Attendance  Conference Site  Schedule  Invited Talks   
 Registration   
 Pricing »  Register starting Dec 20 03 PM PST   Registration Cancellation Policy »   
 Conference Site   
 Start Here  Invited Talks  Schedule  Papers  Workshops   
 Announcements   
  ICLR 2024 Hotel Reservations available  HERE 
  Local Poster Printing Service - Free Delivery to Venue - Order | HERE 
  Allowable Poster Dimensions - HERE 
  Careers site is open! Check out opportunities | HERE 
  Press Accrediation now | OPEN 
  Authors of eligible TMLR publications can submit a request to present | in ICLR conference! | Find more here | . 
  BEWARE of Predatory ICLR conferences being promoted through the | World Academy of Science, Engineering and Technology | organization. 
 Sponsors  
 The in-person conference will also provide viewing and virtual participation for those attendees who are unable to come to Kigali, including a static virtual exhibitor booth for most sponsors.  
 We look forward to answering any questions you may have, and hopefully seeing you in Kigali.  
 View ICLR 2023 sponsors »  Become a 2023 Sponsor  (not currently taking applications)    
 Latest ICLR Blog Entries [ All Entries  ]   
 May 07, 2024 | ICLR 2024 Test of Time Award 
 May 07, 2024 | ICLR 2024 Outstanding Paper Awards 
 May 06, 2024 | Code of Ethics Cases at ICLR 2024 
 May 01, 2024 | ICLR 2024 Mentoring Chats 
 Apr 22, 2024 | Hugging Face Demo Site 
 Apr 15, 2024 | Announcing ICLR 2024 Invited Speakers 
 Apr 02, 2024 | Blogposts Track ICLR 2024 : Announcing Accepted Blogposts 
 Jan 08, 2024 | Announcing the Accepted Workshops at ICLR 2024 
 Important Dates  
 About Us   
 The International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR)    is the premier gathering of professionals   dedicated to the advancement of the branch of artificial intelligence called representation learning, but generally referred to as deep learning.    
 ICLR is globally renowned for presenting and publishing cutting-edge research on all aspects of deep learning used in the fields of artificial intelligence, statistics and data science, as well as important application areas such as machine vision, computational biology, speech recognition, text understanding, gaming, and robotics.       
 Participants at ICLR span a wide range of backgrounds, from  academic and industrial researchers, to entrepreneurs and engineers, to graduate students and postdocs.      
 A non-exhaustive list of relevant topics explored at the conference include:      
 unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised representation learning 
  representation learning for planning and reinforcement learning 
 Successful Page Load   
 ICLR uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal information. Our Privacy Policy » | Accept Cookies 
 The ICLR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
 Useful links  
 ICLR Proceedings at OpenReview