25 th   ACM International Conference on Multimodal Interaction  
  (9-13 October 2023)  
 Home  
 Companion Proceedings  
 Camera-Ready Instructions  
 Call for Sponsors  
 Institutional Sponsors   
 DEAR ICMI COMMUNITY,   
  We are thrilled to have to welcome you in-person in Paris  .  
 The 25th International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI 2023) will be held in Paris, France. ICMI is the premier international forum that brings together multimodal artificial intelligence (AI) and social interaction research. Multimodal AI encompasses technical challenges in machine learning and computational modeling such as representations, fusion, data and systems. The study of social interactions englobes both human-human interactions and human-computer interactions. A unique aspect of ICMI is its multidisciplinary nature which values both scientific discoveries and technical modeling achievements, with an eye towards impactful applications for the good of people and society.  
  We are keen to showcase novel input and output modalities and interactions to the ICMI community. ICMI 2023 will feature a single-track main conference which includes: keynote speakers, technical full and short papers (including oral and poster presentations), demonstrations, exhibits, doctoral spotlight papers, and late-breaking papers. The conference will also feature workshops and grand challenges. The proceedings of all ICMI 2023 papers, including Long and Short Papers, will be published by ACM as part of their series of International Conference Proceedings and Digital Library, and the adjunct proceedings will feature the workshop papers.   
 The theme for this year’s conference is “ Science of Multimodal Interactions  ”. As the community grows, it is important to understand the main scientific pillars involved in deep understanding of multimodal and social interactions. As a first step, we want to acknowledge key discoveries and contributions that the ICMI community enabled over the past 20+ years. As a second step, we reflect on the core principles, foundational methodologies and scientific knowledge involved in studying and modeling multimodal interactions. This will help establish a distinctive research identity for the ICMI community while at the same time embracing its multidisciplinary collaborative nature. This research identity and long-term agenda will enable the community to develop future technologies and applications while maintaining commitment to world-class scientific research.  
 News and Updates  
 Proceedings are available here  .   
 Due to a great number of registrations, registration to ICMI2023 are now closed.   
 The program of the main conference is available here  .  
 Presenting at main conference:  
  9-13 October, 2023  
 ICMI 2023 ACM International Conference on Multimodal Interaction.  Copyright © 2022-2023