Home 
  About Us | Organizers  Program Committee  Previous ICMLAs  Organize ICMLA'24 
  Key Dates 
  Contributes | Call for Papers  Call for Special Sessions and Tutorials  Call for ICMLA Challenges  How to Submit 
  Programs | Keynotes  Schedule  Special Sessions  Challenges 
  Participants | Accepted Papers  Registration  Posters  Awards 
 Sidebar [Skip]   
  Welcome to the ICMLA'23 Official Web Site     
  Draft Proceedings  
  Please check your paper in the draft proceedings:  
  User name: icmlapub23 
  Password: conf23// 
  The papers that are not presented during the conference will be removed from the final version of the proceedings.  
 For quesions related to the proceedings please contact the publication char: Dr. Arif Wani (arif@icmla-conference.org).  
 In Person Full-paper Presentations Instructions  
  You must prepare a presentation using any software, however, you must bring either a PDF file or a PPT file to the conference. You must come with the presentation on a standard USB drive. 
  For a full paper you must plan for a 15 minutes presentation followed by around 3 minutes questions and a 2 minute transition time. Be sure you disconnect your computer after 3 minutes Q/A. 
  You must come at least 10 minutes before your session to upload and test your presentation. If you want to use your computer you must test the connection in a break. Any technical delay will reduce your presentation time. 
  Be sure you provide to the session chair your name prononciation before the start of the session. 
  The poster will be attached on a 3 fold panel using tape or clips. The folding parts (1 foot each) will be partially folded to assure stability. 
  The poster must be self-explanatory. There are 2 poster sessions. During your poster session it is assummed you will be available for questions and small presentations at your poster desk. Failing to be available for your poster presentation will be considered as non-presentation even if your poster is displayed. 
  Virtual Full-paper Presentations Instructions  
  The conference will use a professional ZOOM conference for large scale participation. 
  Test your screensharing capabilities with a test ZOOM connection so you will know how to operate and present your paper. 
  You must prepare a presentation using any software, however, you must bring either a PDF file or a PPT file to the conference. You must come with the presentation on a standard USB drive. 
  For a full paper you must plan for a 15 minutes presentation followed by around 3 minutes questions and a 2 minute transition time. Be sure you disconnect your screen sharing after 3 minutes Q/A, to allow the transfer. 
  Virtual Short-paper Presentations Instructions  
  The conference will use a professional ZOOM conference for large scale participation. 
  Test your screensharing capabilities with a test ZOOM connection so you will know how to operate and present your paper. 
  You must prepare a presentation using any software, however, you must bring either a PDF file or a PPT file to the conference. You must come with the presentation on a standard USB drive. 
  For a full paper you must plan for a 7 minutes presentation followed by around 2 minutes questions and a 1 minute transition time. Be sure you disconnect your screen sharing after the presentation, to allow the transfer. 
  ICMLA'23