 Feature papers represent the most advanced research with significant potential for high impact in the field. A Feature Paper should be a substantial original Article that involves several techniques or approaches, provides an outlook for future research directions and describes possible research applications.  
 Feature papers are submitted upon individual invitation or recommendation by the scientific editors and must receive positive feedback from the reviewers.  
 Editor’s Choice articles are based on recommendations by the scientific editors of MDPI journals from around the world. Editors select a small number of articles recently published in the journal that they believe will be particularly interesting to readers, or important in the respective research area. The aim is to provide a snapshot of some of the most exciting work published in the various research areas of the journal.  
 Original Submission Date Received:  .  
 You seem to have javascript disabled. Please note that many of the page functionalities won't work as expected without javascript enabled.   
 Title / Keyword   
 Author / Affiliation / Email   
 Journal   
 Article Type   
 All Article Types  Article  Review  Communication  Editorial  Abstract  Book Review  Brief Communication  Brief Report  Case Report  Clinicopathological Challenge  Comment  Commentary  Concept Paper  Conference Report  Correction  Creative  Data Descriptor  Discussion  Entry  Essay  Expression of Concern  Extended Abstract  Field Guide  Guidelines  Hypothesis  Interesting Images  Letter  New Book Received  Obituary  Opinion  Perspective  Proceeding Paper  Project Report  Protocol  Registered Report  Reply  Retraction  Short Note  Study Protocol  Systematic Review  Technical Note  Tutorial  Viewpoint     
 Advanced Search     
 Technologies    
 Special Issues    
 Selected Papers from ICNC-FSKD 2023 Conference    
   Submit to Technologies   Review for Technologies   Propose a Special Issue    
 arrow_forward_ios  Forthcoming issue | arrow_forward_ios  Current issue 
  Vol. 12 (2024) 
  Vol. 11 (2023) 
  Vol. 10 (2022) 
 clear     
 Selected Papers from ICNC-FSKD 2023 Conference  
 Special Issue Editors 
  Special Issue Information 
  Guest Editors   
 Manuscript Submission Information   
 Submitted manuscripts should not have been published previously, nor be under consideration for publication elsewhere (except conference proceedings papers). All manuscripts are thoroughly refereed through a single-blind peer-review process. A guide for authors and other relevant information for submission of manuscripts is available on the Instructions for Authors  page. Technologies   is an international peer-reviewed open access monthly journal published by MDPI.  
  e-Book format: Special Issues with more than 10 articles can be published as dedicated e-books, ensuring wide and rapid dissemination. 
  Further information on MDPI's Special Issue polices can be found  here  .  
  Published Papers (1 paper)  
  Order results   
 (This article belongs to the Special Issue Selected Papers from ICNC-FSKD 2023 Conference  )  
 ►  ▼  Show Figures     
 Disclaimer  Disclaimer/Publisher’s Note: The statements, opinions and data contained in all publications are solely those of the individual author(s) and contributor(s) and not of MDPI and/or the editor(s). MDPI and/or the editor(s) disclaim responsibility for any injury to people or property resulting from any ideas, methods, instructions or products referred to in the content.   
 Terms and Conditions  Privacy Policy    
