ABOUT  CALL FOR PAPER  PUBLICATION  REGISTRATION  SUBMISSION    
 ABOUT  CALL FOR PAPER  PUBLICATION  REGISTRATION  SUBMISSION    
  9 th   International Conference    
  on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023)   
  "Nurturing an inclusive digital society for a sustainable nation"    
  13-14 September 2023 | Sama-sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA    
  9  th   International Conference    
  on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023)   
  Nurturing an Inclusive Digital Society for a Sustainable Nation     
  13 & 14 September 2023 | Sama-sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA    
  9 th   International Conference    
  on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023)   
  "Nurturing an inclusive digital society for a sustainable nation"    
  13-14 September 2023 | Sama-Sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA    
 Organized by:    
 Highlights  
  Indexing   
   Call for paper  ( poster  )  
   Fees & Registration   
   How to submit?   
 Updates   
 - 5th December 2023 - Conference Publications [Publications]   
  - 9th September 2023 - Programme Book [download]   
  - 7th August 2023 - Presentation Schedule [download]   
  - 1st August 2023 - Online Payment Guideline [download]   
  - 15th May 2023 - Submission date is extended to 31st May 2023  
  - 29th April 2023 - Submission date is extended to 15th May 2023  
  - 6th April 2023 - Submission date is extended to 30th April 2023  
  - 5th April 2023 - Keynote address by Prof. Atreyi Kankanhalli  on 14th September 2023 is confirmed  
  - 4th April 2023 - The venue is confirmed at Sama-sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   
  - 2nd April 2023 - Keynote address by Prof. Alan Dix  on 13th September 2023 is confirmed  
  - 13th March 2023 - Conference Proceeding will be published in Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) by Springer Nature   
  - 15th Jan 2023 - Submission Guideline [ click here  ] , Paper Template [ click here  ]  
  - 13th Oct 2022 - Launching of the ICOCI 2023's website  
  - 14th Oct 2022 - Call for collaborators [ brochure  ]  
  - 14th Oct 2022 - Call for International Technical Committee [ brochure  | registration form  ]  
 About  ICOCI 2023  
 Life today has changed drastically as a result of Covid-19. Many aspects of life have shifted from the traditional ways to automation using electronic and communication devices. Digitalization is the main keyword emphasized everywhere to keep society resilient and adaptive to disasters. As a result, a digital society emerges, in which people use information and communication technology at home, work, school, and socialize to keep going with the businesses and life.  
 “ … a society that over-rides differences of race, gender, class, generation, and geography, and ensures inclusion, equality of opportunity as well as capability of all members of the society to determine an agreed set of social institutions that govern social interaction.”   
 As the digital society emerges, the term is extended to the society’s current values and behaviours. Therefore, the United Nations of Economic and Social Commission for Asia and The Pacific ( ESCAP  ) promotes an “inclusive digital society” focusing on making the society e-resilient in recovering from the disaster.  
 From the aspect of computing and informatics, a question arises: What are the features of technology that would enable an inclusive digital society? Specifically, how the major computing fields of study like artificial intelligence, IoT, and cybersecurity would assist in achieving an “inclusive digital society”? Therefore, ICOCI 2023 would like to invite you to discuss this topic and share your thoughts and works. Together, we could nurture an inclusive digital society for the sustainability of our nation and the universe.  
 Programme Schedule  
  Provost's Chair Professor, School of Computing, National University of Singapore   
 History of ICOCI  
 ICOCI has been a successful platform for knowledge sharing for more than 15 years. Thank you for your participation and support.  
   Digital Transformation and Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Cities and Communities   
 2023 | 9 th  ICOCI  
   Nurturing an Inclusive Digital Society for a Sustainable Nation   
  13-14 September 2023, Sama-sama Hotel, KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 ICOCI 2023 Committee  
 PATRON   
  Prof. Dr. Mohd. Foad Sakdan  
  Suwannit Chareen Chit Sop Chit  
  PAPER WORK & PROCEEDINGS   
  Assoc. Prof. Dr. Nur Haryani Zakaria  
  Assoc. Prof. Dr. Husniza Husni  
  List of Members   
 Call for Paper  
 Nurturing an Inclusive Digital Society for a Sustainable Nation   
 ICOCI 2023 invites researchers and practitioners to submit manuscripts in the field of computing that can foster an inclusive digital society toward a sustainable nation. The scope of the topic is as follows (but not limited to)  
 Topics of interest  
 Intelligent Systems 
 Important Dates  
 Full Paper  
  Submission | : | 31 st  May 2023 
 Notification of  
  Acceptance | : | Starting 15 th  July 2023 
 Camera Ready | : | 30 th  July 2023 
 Registration &  
  Payment Deadline | : | 15 th  August 2023 
 Conference Date | : | 13- 14 th  September 2023 
 Submission  
  Click for Guideline   
   For enquiry (icoci@uum.edu.my)   
 Submission  
 Format for paper submission  
 Authors must prepare the manuscript using Microsoft Word. The manuscript should be written between 4,000 to 6,000 words or a minimum of 12 pages. However, the manuscript shall not exceed 14 pages at the maximum. It should strictly follow the ICOCI2023 Template  . Please upload and submit TWO(2) manuscript files (1) A manuscript with complete authors’ names and their affiliations and the acknowledgement, and (2) A manuscript WITHOUT authors’ names, affiliations, and acknowledgement for the double-blind review process. All submissions are subjected to a double blind review process. The double blind review is a normal standard practice applies in many conferences. The main reason is to conceal the identity of the authors to the reviewers in order to avoid any bias judgement during the reviewing process. Read the ICOCI Authors Guideline  and please comply to the Springer's Guideline  .  
 The followings are several guidelines for preparing a double blind paper:  
 In the place of the authors' names on the front page, please | do not put authors details | . 
  Avoid from referring to your university, campus or faculty by name, use generalities. 
  Please | avoid statement | like 'In the previous work, we...' 
  Please | omit the acknowledgment | section. This section can be added in the final version of your paper. 
 Submissions containing any of these information will be returned for modification. Once you have received the acceptance notification from the reviewer committee, you can always add the above information in your paper.  
 How to submit  
 Authors can submit their papers through our online submission system starting from 1 January 2023    
  == Submission System ==   
 Pre-review checklist  
 In general, all manuscript submitted will be vetted by ICOCI Technical Committee for quality. Please ensure that your manuscript fulfils the following requirements:  
  1. Title – relate with the conference theme.  
  2. Structures – Abstract, Keywords, Introduction, Related Work, Methodology, Results, Discussion, Conclusion.  
  6. References – please check the formatting in the Springer template given.  
  7. Acknowledgement – please include funding agencies (if any).  
  8. Submit TWO (2) versions of files; (1) With author names and affiliations, (2) Without author names and affiliations.  
 Paper Template  
 Use these template to prepare your article.  
 Authors must make the payment by 15 th  August 2023  or your article will not be published in the proceedings.  
 Standard rate | registration fees (presenters) include conference admission, | e-proceedings | and | e-program book | . 
  Each presenter (author) is allowed to register for only | ONE additional | paper and will receive only one set of conference materials. 
  Accommodation fee is not included | . You have to arrange your own accommodation. 
  There will be no refund for withdrawal made after 15 th  August 2023. A management fee of 6% from the total fee will be charged for refund made before or by 15 th  August 2023. 
 How to pay  
 Important:  Please forward a scanned copy of the bank slip/telegraphic transfer receipt to ICOCI 2023 Secretariat (icoci@uum.edu.my and cc to anizamd@uum.edu.my) for us to verify the transaction. Please kindly write down the participant's name, date and time of the transfer and country & city of origin.  
 Upon receiving the registration form and full payment, the Secretariat will send a letter of confirmation.  
 Local presenters/participants  
  Select the "CONFERENCE/TRAINING" on the left menu. 
  Select the option "PARTICIPANT FEES-CONFERENCE" on the Payment Type. 
  Select the option "THE 9th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTING AND INFORMATICS 2023" on the Payment For. 
  Write "PARTICIPANT FEE: ICOCI 2023 (PAPER ID: XX)" on the Payment Description. 
  OR scan the QR-code  Local Order   
  Select the "CONFERENCE/TRAINING" on the left menu. 
  Select the option "PARTICIPANT FEES-CONFERENCE" on the Payment Type. 
  Select the option "THE 9th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTING AND INFORMATICS 2023" on the Payment For. 
  Write "PARTICIPANT FEE: ICOCI 2023 (PAPER ID: XX)" on the Payment Description. 
  OR scan the QR-code    
  Local   
   International  Submit Evidence  
  icoci@uum.edu.my    
 Publication  
 Indexing  
 ICOCI published papers in conference proceedings and journals  
   2023  
 Publications of Previous Conferences  
  ICOCI 2023   
  About   
   The Team   
 Call for...   
  Paper Submission  ( Poster  )  
   Reviewer Application   
   Authors' Registration   
 Contact   
 ICOCI Secretariat,  
  School of Computing,  
  Universiti Utara Malaysia,  
   icoci@uum.edu.my