 Download Free PDF   
 Preface: Special issue dedicated to the tenth international conference on optimization techniques and applications (ICOTA 10)  
  Rentsen Enkhbat    
 Optimization Letters  
 Introduction to Global Optimization  Leo Liberti    
 Accurate modelling of real-world problems often requires nonconvex terms to be introduced in the model, either in the objective function or in the constraints. Nonconvex programming is one of the hardest fields of optimization, presenting many challenges in both practical and theoretical aspects. The presence of multiple local minima calls for the application of global optimization techniques. This paper is a mini-course about global optimization techniques in nonconvex programming; it deals with some theoretical aspects of nonlinear programming as well as with some of the current stateof-the-art algorithms in global optimization. The syllabus is as follows. Some examples of Nonlinear Programming Problems (NLPs). General description of two-phase algorithms. Local optimization of NLPs: derivation of KKT conditions. Short notes about stochastic global multistart algorithms with a concrete example (SobolOpt). In-depth study of a deterministic spatial Branch-and-Bound algorithm, and con...  
 download  Download free PDF   View PDF  chevron_right     
 Proceedings of the XIII Global Optimization Workshop: GOW'16  Ana Maria A.c. Rocha    
 Large scale problems in the design of networks and energy systems, the biomedical field, finance, and engineering are modeled as optimization problems. Humans and nature are constantly optimizing to minimize costs or maximize profits, to maximize the flow in a network, or to minimize the probability of a blackout in the smart grid. Due to new algorithmic developments and the computational power of computers, optimization algorithms have been used to solve problems in a wide spectrum of applications in science and engineering. In this talk I am going to address new challenges in the theory and practice of optimization. First, we have to reflect back a few decades to see what has been achieved and then address the new research challenges and directions.  
 download  Download free PDF   View PDF  chevron_right     
 A survey on the global optimization problem: General theory and computational approaches  Francesco Archetti    
 Several different approaches have been suggested for the numerical solution of the global optimization problem: space covering methods, trajectory methods, random sampling, random search and methods based on a stochastic model of the objective function are considered in this paper and their relative computational effectiveness is discussed. A closer analysis is performed of random sampling methods along with cluster analysis of sampled data and of Bayesian nonparametric stopping rules.  
 download  Download free PDF   View PDF  chevron_right     
  Loading Preview  
 Sorry, preview is currently unavailable. You can download the paper by clicking the button above.  
 Related papers  
