ICSSP 2023   Sun 14 - Mon 15 May 2023 Melbourne, Australia    
 co-located with ICSE 2023    
 Toggle navigation        
  Visiting Melbourne 
  Keynotes 
  ICSE 2023 
  Keynotes 
  Melbourne 
  Code of Conduct 
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions 
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions 
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions 
  Visa Letter of Invitation 
  Social Events 
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023 
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement 
  Travel Support 
  Childcare Support 
  Program | ICSSP Program 
  Your Program 
  Program Overview 
   Sun 14 May 
  Mon 15 May 
  Calls and Accepted Papers 
  Organization | ICSSP 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ICSSP 2023 
  Sign up 
  ICSE 2023  ( series  ) /   ICSSP 2023  ( series  ) /  17th International Conference on Software and System Processes ICSSP 2023   
 About 
  Sessions 
  Call for Papers 
  ICSSP 2023: Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  
 ICSSP 2023 will be held on 14-15 May 2023, and co-located with ICSE 2023  .   
 A by-invitation workshop will be held on 13 May 2023.   
 Please use the contact form  to contact PC Chairs.  
 About ICSSP Conference Series  
 About ICSSP 2023  
 In recent years, innovative software and systems technologies have been rapidly adopted with increasingly widespread but uncertain impacts. These technologies include various forms of AI; big data and data science; blockchain and distributed ledgers; augmented, virtual, and extended reality; low-code/no-code platforms; and even quantum computing (among others). By their novel nature, these new technologies and applications demand new approaches to software and systems development. Beyond that, the novelty and uncertainty surrounding these technologies and applications requires new and more effective approaches and processes to assuring correctness, understandability, predictability, responsibility, security, ethics and other vital qualities of our software and systems.  
 At the same time, many of these new technologies may have applications within the software life cycle. So the question naturally arises, can we put technologies such as AI, blockchain, low code, and big data, to work in improving our ability to develop, manage, and apply new software and systems applications. We can even ask whether it will become essential to do so.  
 ICSSP 2023 is focusing on software and systems processes for and with these new technologies, as well as on incorporating these new technologies into new modes of working in software and systems development for business, government, society, and the environment. ICSSP 2023 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to share their research findings, experiences, and new ideas on diverse topics related to software and system processes. For 2023, the theme of the conference is: " Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  ". The goal is to advance both the state of the research and the state of the practice by applying innovative ideas from different fields of research to the future of software and system engineering processes.  
 The Call for Papers  is available. The Abstract deadline is 6 January 2023, and the Submission deadline is 13 January 2023.   
 Dates    
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Sun 14 May   
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      
 30m    
 Day opening | Opening   ICSSP 2023 
 Keynote | A.I.gile - How Agile and AI (e)merge in practice   ICSSP 2023   
 K:  Philipp Diebold 
 20m    
 Full-paper | Automatically Generating Dockerfiles via Deep-Learning: Challenges and Promises   ICSSP 2023   
 Giovanni Rosa  University of Molise  , Antonio Mastropaolo  Università della Svizzera italiana  , Simone Scalabrino  University of Molise  , Gabriele Bavota  Software Institute, USI Università della Svizzera italiana  , Rocco Oliveto  University of Molise 
 20m    
 Full-paper | An Experience Report on Assessing Software Engineer’s Outputs in Practice   ICSSP 2023   
 Juzheng Zhang  Nanjing University  , He Zhang  Nanjing University  , Lanxin Yang  Nanjing University, China  , Liming Dong  Nanjing University  , Yue Li 
 20m    
 Full-paper | Automatic Detection of Security Deficiencies and Refactoring Advises for Microservices   ICSSP 2023   
 Burak Ünver   , Ricardo Britto  Ericsson / Blekinge Institute of Technology 
 20m    
 Full-paper | Using GUI Test Videos to Obtain Stakeholders’ Feedback   ICSSP 2023   
 Jianwei Shi  Leibniz University Hannover  , Jonas Mönnich  Leibniz University Hannover  , Jil Klünder  Leibniz Universität Hannover  , Kurt Schneider  Leibniz Universität Hannover, Software Engineering Group 
 20m    
 Full-paper | Measuring the Benefits of CI/CD Practices for Database Application Development   ICSSP 2023   
 Jasmin Fluri  Schaltstelle GmbH  , Fabrizio Fornari  University of Camerino, Italy  , Ela Pustulka  FHNW 
 20m    
 Full-paper | On Preparing and Assessing Data for Simulation Process Modeling: An Industrial Report   ICSSP 2023   
 Liming Dong  Nanjing University  , He Zhang  Nanjing University  , Yue Li   , Bohan Liu  Nanjing University  , Zhiluo Weng  Nanjing University 
 20m    
 Full-paper | Adding Generic Role- and Process-based Behaviors to Smart Contracts using Dynamic Condition Response Graphs   ICSSP 2023   
 Yibin Xu  University of Copenhagen  , Tijs Slaats  University of Copenhagen  , Boris Düdder  University of Copenhagen  , Thomas T. Hildebrandt  University of Copenhagen 
 Keynote | A Technical Focus on Business Process Management – Past, Present, and Emerging Topics   ICSSP 2023   
 K:  Ingo Weber  TU Munich & Fraunhofer, Munich 
 30m    
 Day closing | Day 1 Wrap Up   ICSSP 2023 
 Mon 15 May   
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      
 Keynote | AI-Augmented Software Engineering: Revolutionising or Challenging Software Quality and Testing?   ICSSP 2023   
 K:  Tafline Ramos   , K:  Amanda Dean   , K:  David McGregor 
 20m    
 Industry talk | De-risking major industry transformations using experimentation   ICSSP 2023 
 20m    
 Industry talk | Analyzing the Implications of NFTs as Digital Identities in Web3.0: A Privacy-Focused Approach   ICSSP 2023 
 20m    
 Industry talk | Considering the Human in the loop when adopting AI   ICSSP 2023 
 20m    
 Industry talk | Helping companies de-risk the integration of first, second and third-party AI models into a customer engagement platform   ICSSP 2023 
 20m    
 Industry talk | Achieving Business Success - A Framework for Software Delivery of Emerging Technologies   ICSSP 2023   
 Mahesh Venkataraman  Accenture  , Shylaja Shivaram  Accenture 
 20m    
 Industry talk | Improve Software and System Process of Cloud Serverless Architectures through Automated Testing with AI   ICSSP 2023   
 Rohit Patwardhan  Mr.  , Mallika Fernandes  Mrs. 
 Panel | Panel Discussion   ICSSP 2023 
 15m    
 Short-paper | Characterizing The Impact of Culture on Agile Methods: The MoCA Model   ICSSP 2023   
 Michael Neumann  University of Applied Sciences & Arts Hannover  , Klaus Schmid  Stiftung University Hildesheim  , Lars Baumann     
  Pre-print 
 15m    
 Short-paper | Towards Sustainable Software for Public Sector Information Systems   ICSSP 2023   
 Reetta-Kaisa Ghezzi   , Aapo Koski   , Janne Lautanala   , Mikko Lehtisalo   , Manu Setälä   , Tommi Mikkonen  University of Jyvaskyla 
 15m    
 Short-paper | Towards Better Code Reviews: Using Mutation Testing to Improve Reviewer Attention   ICSSP 2023   
 Ziya Mukhtarov   , Mannan Abdul   , Mokhlaroyim Raupova   , Javid Baghirov   , Osama Tanveer   , Haluk Altunel   , Eray Tüzün  Bilkent University 
 30m    
 Day closing | Day 2 Wrap Up   ICSSP 2023 
 Accepted Papers  
 Title 
 Achieving Business Success - A Framework for Software Delivery of Emerging Technologies  ICSSP 2023   
 Mahesh Venkataraman  , Shylaja Shivaram 
 Adding Generic Role- and Process-based Behaviors to Smart Contracts using Dynamic Condition Response Graphs  ICSSP 2023   
 Yibin Xu  , Tijs Slaats  , Boris Düdder  , Thomas T. Hildebrandt 
 An Experience Report on Assessing Software Engineer’s Outputs in Practice  ICSSP 2023   
 Juzheng Zhang  , He Zhang  , Lanxin Yang  , Liming Dong  , Yue Li 
 Automatically Generating Dockerfiles via Deep-Learning: Challenges and Promises  ICSSP 2023   
 Giovanni Rosa  , Antonio Mastropaolo  , Simone Scalabrino  , Gabriele Bavota  , Rocco Oliveto 
 Automatic Detection of Security Deficiencies and Refactoring Advises for Microservices  ICSSP 2023   
 Burak Ünver  , Ricardo Britto 
 Characterizing The Impact of Culture on Agile Methods: The MoCA Model  ICSSP 2023   
 Michael Neumann  , Klaus Schmid  , Lars Baumann    
  Pre-print 
 Improve Software and System Process of Cloud Serverless Architectures through Automated Testing with AI  ICSSP 2023   
 Rohit Patwardhan  , Mallika Fernandes 
 Measuring the Benefits of CI/CD Practices for Database Application Development  ICSSP 2023   
 Jasmin Fluri  , Fabrizio Fornari  , Ela Pustulka 
 On Preparing and Assessing Data for Simulation Process Modeling: An Industrial Report  ICSSP 2023   
 Liming Dong  , He Zhang  , Yue Li  , Bohan Liu  , Zhiluo Weng 
 Towards Better Code Reviews: Using Mutation Testing to Improve Reviewer Attention  ICSSP 2023   
 Ziya Mukhtarov  , Mannan Abdul  , Mokhlaroyim Raupova  , Javid Baghirov  , Osama Tanveer  , Haluk Altunel  , Eray Tüzün 
 Towards Sustainable Software for Public Sector Information Systems  ICSSP 2023   
 Reetta-Kaisa Ghezzi  , Aapo Koski  , Janne Lautanala  , Mikko Lehtisalo  , Manu Setälä  , Tommi Mikkonen 
 Using GUI Test Videos to Obtain Stakeholders’ Feedback  ICSSP 2023   
 Jianwei Shi  , Jonas Mönnich  , Jil Klünder  , Kurt Schneider 
  Submissions  
  Important Dates  
  Submission Requirements and Policies  
  In recent years, innovative software and systems technologies have been rapidly adopted with increasingly widespread but uncertain impacts. These technologies include various forms of AI; big data and data science; blockchain and distributed ledgers; augmented, virtual, and extended reality; low-code/no-code platforms; and even quantum computing (among others). By their novel nature, these new technologies and applications demand new approaches to software and systems development. Beyond that, the novelty and uncertainty surrounding these technologies and applications requires new and more effective approaches and processes to assuring correctness, understandability, predictability, responsibility, security, ethics and other vital qualities of our software and systems.  
 At the same time, many of these new technologies may have applications within the software life cycle. So the question naturally arises, can we put technologies such as AI, blockchain, low code, and big data, to work in improving our ability to develop, manage, and apply new software and systems applications. We can even ask whether it will become essential to do so.  
 ICSSP 2023 is focusing on software and systems processes for and with these new technologies, as well as on incorporating these new technologies into new modes of working in software and systems development for business, government, society, and the environment. ICSSP 2023 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to share their research findings, experiences, and new ideas on diverse topics related to software and system processes. For 2023, the theme of the conference is: " Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  ". The goal is to advance both the state of the research and the state of the practice by applying innovative ideas from different fields of research to the future of software and system engineering processes.  
  Topics of Interest  
 Submissions must be related to software and systems, and we are especially interested in, but not limited to, papers addressing the topics in the following list:  
   Important Dates  
 Full and Short Research Papers  Abstract Submission: 6 January 2023 
  Paper Submission: 20 January 2023 | (extended) 
  Notification: 21 February 2023 
  Camera Ready: 13 March 2023 
  Industry Talks  Abstract Submission: 6 January 2023 
  Slide Package Submission: 20 January 2023 | (extended) 
  Notification: 21 February 2023 
  Slide Package Camera Ready: 27 March 2023 | (extended) 
   Submission Requirements and Policies  
 All submissions must conform to the ICSSP 2023 formatting and submission instructions and must not exceed the given page limits for the applicable type of submission. All submissions must be in English. Page limits include all text, figures, tables, references, and appendices. Only research papers are permitted up to two more pages containing only references. The page limit is strict, and purchase of additional pages in the proceedings is not allowed at any point in the process (including after the paper is accepted). All submissions must be in PDF.  
 Formatting  - Submissions must conform to the IEEE conference proceedings template, specified in the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran} without including the compsoc or compsocconf options). Submissions must strictly conform to the IEEE conference proceedings formatting instructions specified above. Alterations of spacing, font size, and other changes that deviate from the instructions may result in desk rejection without further review.  
 Plagiarism Policy  - By submitting to ICSSP 2023, authors acknowledge that they are aware of and agree to be bound by the ACM Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism and the IEEE Plagiarism FAQ. In particular, papers submitted to ICSSP 2023 must not have been published elsewhere and must not be under review or submitted for review elsewhere whilst under consideration for ICSSP 2023. Contravention of this concurrent submission policy will be deemed a serious breach of scientific ethics, and appropriate action will be taken in all such cases. To check for double submission and plagiarism issues, the chairs reserve the right to (1) share the list of submissions with the PC Chairs of other conferences with overlapping review periods and (2) use external plagiarism detection software to detect violations of these policies.  
 Any submission that does not comply with these requirements may be desk rejected by the PC Co-Chairs without further review.  
 Notice: The official publication date is the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 Proceedings  - The proceedings will be published by IEEE, and will appear in the IEEE Xplore. The proceedings will only contain papers that have been presented at ICSSP 2023 and for which at least one author has registered.  
 Reviewing  - All submissions will be peer-reviewed by the ICSSP 2023 program committee members. Each submitted research paper will receive reviews from at least three members of the specific program committee. ICSSP 2023 does not employ double-blind review process.  
 Requirement to Register, Attend, and Present  - Upon notification of acceptance, authors of accepted papers will be asked to complete a copyright form and will receive further instructions for preparing their camera-ready versions. At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register for and attend the ICSSP 2023 and present the work. The organizers have the right to withdraw papers from the proceedings if there is no associated registration by two weeks past the authors' registration deadline. All accepted contributions with at least one registered author will be published in the conference electronic proceedings and appear in the IEEE Xplore.  
 Open Science Policy  - ICSSP 2023 encourages authors to submit artifact packages and/or data sets with their papers, for the sake of transparency, reusability, replicability, and/or reproducibility, as well as for facilitating the peer review process. The following guidelines are recommendations and are not mandatory. Your choice will not affect the review process for your paper. Should you decide to embrace this policy, we strongly encourage you to archive empirical datasets on Zenodo or Dataverse, following Google guidelines to dataset providers, and share analysis scripts on freely accessible code repositories such as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket.  
 Self-Archiving  - ICSSP 2023 also encourages authors to self-archive a preprint of your accepted manuscript in arXiv.org or other similar open repositories. This is permitted by the ACM publisher. Note that the final version of the paper, as laid out by the publisher, cannot be self-archived. Instead, manuscripts with reviewer comments addressed must be used, but before applying the camera-ready instructions and templates.  
 Contact  - Feel free to contact the ICSSP 2023 Program Co-Chairs for more details.  
 Sessions  
 Paper Session 1 (Process Automation)   
 Automatically Generating Dockerfiles via Deep-Learning: Challenges and Promises | Giovanni Rosa (University of Molise), Antonio Mastropaolo (Università della Svizzera italiana), Simone Scalabrino (University of Molise), Gabriele Bavota (Università della Svizzera Italiana), Rocco Oliveto (University of Molise) 
  An Experience Report on Assessing Software Engineer’s Outputs in Practice | Juzheng Zhang (Nanjing University), He Zhang (Nanjing University), Lanxin Yang (Nanjing University), Liming Dong (Nanjing University), Yue Li (Nanjing University) 
  Automatic Detection of Security Deficiencies and Refactoring Advises for Microservices | Burak Ünver (Ericsson AB), Ricardo Britto (Ericsson AB / Blekinge Institute of Technology) 
  Paper Session 2 (Process Improvement)   
 Using GUI Test Videos to Obtain Stakeholders’ Feedback | Jianwei Shi (Leibniz Universität Hannover), Jonas Mönnich (Leibniz Universität Hannover), Jil Klünder (Leibniz Universität Hannover), Kurt Schneider (Leibniz Universität Hannover) 
  Measuring the Benefits of CI/CD Practices for Database Application Development | Jasmin Fluri (Schaltstelle GmbH), Fabrizio Fornari (University of Camerino), Ela Pustulka (University of Applied Sciences and Arts) 
  On Preparing and Assessing Data for Simulation Process Modeling: An Industrial Report | Liming Dong (Nanjing University), He Zhang (Nanjing University), Yue Li (Nanjing University), Bohan Liu (Nanjing University), Zhilue Weng (Nanjing University) 
  Adding Generic Role- and Process-based Behaviors to Smart Contracts using Dynamic Condition Response Graphs | Yibin Xu (University of Copenhagen), Tijs Slaats (University of Copenhagen), Boris Düdder (University of Copenhagen), Thomas Hildebrandt (University of Copenhagen) 
  Paper Session 3 (Short Paper)   
 Characterizing The Impact of Culture on Agile Methods: The MoCA Model | Michael Neumann (Hochschule Hannover), Klaus Schmid (University of Hildesheim), Lars Baumann (Hochschule Hannover) 
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Sun 14 - Mon 15 May 2023   
  Conference 
 Mon 27 Mar 2023   
  Camera Ready Submission (Extended) 
 Tue 21 Feb 2023   
  Notification 
 Fri 20 Jan 2023   
  Paper Submission (Extended) 
 Fri 20 Jan 2023   
  Industry Talks Slide Package Submission (Extended) 
 Fri 6 Jan 2023   
  Abstract Submission 
 Program Committee    
  ICSSP 2023   
  contact form    
   Support page    
 ICSSP 2023  
 ICSSP 2023    
 Attending  
  Code of Conduct   
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions   
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions   
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions   
  Visa Letter of Invitation   
  Social Events   
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023   
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement   
  Travel Support   
