Skip to content      
 6-8 November 2023   
 In Person Event   
 Home 
  Submissions | Camera Ready Submissions 
  Venue 
  Committee 
   Menu    
 Home 
  Submissions | Camera Ready Submissions 
  Venue 
  Committee 
 Dear Authors,   
 ICTAI 2023 uses a double-blind review process. To facilitate this, please ensure that your names and affiliations do not appear anywhere in the submitted paper.   
 Best Regards!   
  ICTAI 2023 Organizing Committee   
 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission: July 21, 2023   
  Paper Notification: August 31, 2023   
  Camera Ready: September 20, 2023   
 Welcome to ICTAI 2023  
 The IEEE International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence (ICTAI) is a leading IEEE-CS annual scientific meeting for three decades. It provides a major international forum where the creation and exchange of ideas related to artificial intelligence are fostered among academia, industry, and government agencies. The conference facilitates the cross-fertilization of these ideas and promotes their transfer into practical tools, for developing intelligent systems and pursuing artificial intelligence applications. The ICTAI encompasses all technical aspects of specifying, developing and evaluating the theoretical underpinnings and applied mechanisms of the AI-based components of computer tools such as algorithms, architectures and languages.  
 Conference Categories  
  Ethical and Trustworthy AI 
 Paper Submission  
 ICTAI 2023 uses a double-blind review process.   To facilitate this, authors should ensure that their names and affiliations do not appear anywhere in the submitted paper.    
 Paper Presentation  
 Each accepted paper should be presented by one of the authors and accompanied by at least one full registration fee payment, to guarantee publication in the proceedings. All accepted papers will be included in the proceedings of ICTAI 2023 that will be published by the IEEE Computer Society.   
 Special Issues in IEEE & Int. Journals  
 Extended versions of selected papers from the conference will be reviewed and published in special issues in various IEEE and Int. Journals  
 Best ICTAI Papers Recognition Awards  
 ICTAI provide several financial awards to the top-5 best student papers and to the ICTAI Best Paper Award.  
  Contact ICTAI 2023   
 General Chair  
 Facebook-f     Twitter     Linkedin       
 Privacy  | Accessibility Statement  | IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy  | © 2023 IEEE – All rights reserved    
 Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions   
