 nach oben    
 2023 | Buch  
 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
 Information and Communication Technologies in Education, Research, and Industrial Applications  
 18th International Conference, ICTERI 2023, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine, September 18–22, 2023, Proceedings  
 herausgegeben von: Grigoris Antoniou, Vadim Ermolayev, Vitaliy Kobets, Vira Liubchenko, Heinrich C. Mayr, Aleksander Spivakovsky, Vitaliy Yakovyna, Grygoriy Zholtkevych   
 Über dieses Buch  
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 18th International Conference, ICTERI 2023, held in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine, during September 18–22, 2023.  
 Frontmatter  
 Invited Paper  
 Frontmatter  
  Abstract   
 The current worldwide increasing trend in urbanisation is aggravating urban traffic congestion’s social, economic, and health burdens. The introduction of new means of transport, such as Connected Autonomous Vehicles, and the rise of Artificial Intelligence, is enabling a paradigm shift in urban traffic management and control from existing reactive to proactive traffic control: proactive control paradigms can preemptively address issues, mitigating the negative impact on mobility.   
 In this paper we provide an overview of the work done in the area by the Huddersfield AI for Urban Traffic Management and Control research team.   
 Mauro Vallati   
 On Randomization of Reduction Strategies for Typeless Lambda Calculus  
  Abstract   
 It is well known that the functional programming paradigm provides certain advantages, namely increasing the reliability of software development, improving software verification and validation, providing software artefact reusability, and scaling software solutions. But this paradigm is not free from disadvantages also. The most serious of them are redundant memory usage and low-performance productivity. The ideas concerning the implementation of randomization mechanisms into reduction strategies, which is a significant part of the kernel of functional computing systems, are considered in the paper. The authors present simulation tools for studying such a mechanism and give their grounding. They also present the experimental results of the comparison analysis of variants reduction randomization.   
 Oleksandr Deineha, Volodymyr Donets, Grygoriy Zholtkevych   
 Solving Sokoban Game with a Heuristic for Avoiding Dead-End States  
  Abstract   
 This paper focuses on applying reinforcement learning methods to solve the game Sokoban. This game is a popular puzzle, relatively easy for humans to solve. However, it poses a significant challenge for computer algorithms due to the irreversible nature of certain moves. To predict which actions will lead to such undesirable states is often difficult for a learning agent – a common problem in tasks requiring planning. We propose using a Monte-Carlo tree search (MCTS) algorithm and a heuristic convolution neural network (CNN) specially trained to separate undesirable, neutral, and desired game states to address this issue. We experimented with different heuristic variations of algorithms and compared them against each other. We have implemented MCTS in two different setups: one with a CNN trained using data obtained during the solving process and one without such training. We also varied the number of rollouts for each move in MCTS and compared the results. The paper’s research question was how to improve the performance of learning agents in tasks that require planning to avoid unwanted states.   
 Oleksii Ignatenko, Ruslan Pravosud   
 Information System for Calculating the Shortest Route for a Mobile Robot in a Multilevel Environment Based on Unity  
  Abstract   
 An integral part of the global task of increasing the efficiency of movement processes and performing specified technological operations by a mobile robot is the choice of a movement path from the initial (starting) to the final (target) point. At the same time, a preliminary assessment of the proposed route of movement is an important stage in the development of a program for its movement. In this paper, we consider the problem of finding the shortest path for moving the mobile robot in a multilevel environment, taking into account the features of transitions between levels, restrictions, the presence or absence of obstacles along the way. An information system for calculating the shortest route from the starting point to the target point is proposed based on the NavMesh navigation system in the Unity virtual environment. The results of computer simulation of robot movement in a multilevel environment show that the system successfully finds the shortest route for various scenarios.   
 Oleksandr S. Gerasin, Andriy M. Topalov, Valeriy V. Zaytsev, Dmytro V. Zaytsev, Oleksandr M. Susak, Oleg V. Savchenko   
 Development of the Professional Competence of Bachelors in Preschool Education Through Online Interaction  
  Abstract   
 The article discusses the issue of pre-service professional training of preschool teachers on the example of the course Workshop on Children’s Play Activities for students of the first (Bachelor’s) level of higher education of the educational and professional program 012.00.01 Preschool Education. This paper focuses on the ways of developing the professional competence of Bachelors of Preschool Education through online interaction. The place of the course Workshop on Children’s Play Activities in the e-learning system of Borys Grinchenko Kyiv University is presented. The article describes the structure of the electronic online training course, the logic of thematic unit mapping of the course. Authors suggest effective services and resources for online interaction of participants of the educational process, namely: during lectures (Google Meet, Google Chat, Google Hangouts, Google Classroom, Webex, Zoom, Lucidspark, Agile, Canva, Mentimeter, Kahoot, Piktochart); seminar sessions (Hangouts, Zoom, Easel.ly Padlet, Piktochart, AnswerGarden, Slides, Prezi, Learningapps, Socratic); and practical classes (Microsoft Teams, Migo, Whiteboard, Agile Workflows, Class Dojo, Mural, GoAnimate, GIFAnimate, Slasstools, Learningapps, Triventy, Yumpu, Emaze, Genially, Flippity, Wordwall, Kahoot). Authors claim that usage of information and communication technologies is effective for facilitating online interaction, increasing students’ engagement with theoretical material, and making the preparation to seminars and practical classes easier for students. Using the suggested services and resources will allow the organization of dynamic and engaging classes, as well as promoting active interaction with students even in online setting.   
 Tatyana Ponomarenko, Olena Kovalenko, Tetiana Shynkar, Larysa Harashchenko, Tetiana Holovatenko   
 Theoretical Principles of Measuring and Interpreting Levels of Attention, Involvement and Organizing Feedback of Students to the Educational Process Using Automated Software Products  
  Abstract   
 The article highlights the theoretical foundations of measuring and interpreting student attention levels, engagement, and feedback, an attempt is made to characterize the possibilities of using automated software products for this purpose. The article identifies the psychological characteristics of students of the Zoomers generation, which affect the educational process and cause the revision of educational technologies. A comparative analysis of traditional and distance learning was carried out. Based on the characteristics and interpretation of visual markers for measuring the attention and involvement of the acquirers, the requirements for the software product for determining the degree of involvement and the degree of information perception are described. The article discusses the main AI-based tools that allow you to assess the level of audience attention in real time during online conferences (EmotionCues, HEADROOM and MeetingPulse) from the standpoint of the effectiveness of the analysis of the emotional component and the possibility of integration with online conference services. The theoretical analysis is the basis for further research on the measurement and interpretation of students’ attention, engagement and feedback.   
 Aleksander Spivakovsky, Lyubov Petukhova, Maksym Poltoratskyi, Oleksandr Lemeshchuk, Anastasiia Volianiuk, Olena Kazannikova, Nataliia Voropay, Svitlana Chepurna   
 A Bot-Based Self-report Diagnostic Tool to Assess Post-traumatic Stress Disorder  
  Abstract   
 This paper discussed using a bot-based self-report diagnostic tool to identify post-traumatic stress disorder. The authors present information technology for assessing the psychological state of individuals who have experienced traumatic events in a stressful environment. The technology uses the International Trauma Questionnaire (ITQ) and additional questions describing the current psychological environment. The study employed data analysis techniques to identify significant dependencies between respondents’ answers to additional questions about the current environment and their ITQ scores. The bot interface provides a user-friendly platform for respondents to complete the questionnaire. The analytical system, which includes data collection, storage, and processing, allows for flexibility in modifying the questionnaire based on ongoing research.   
 Vira Liubchenko, Nataliia Komleva, Svitlana Zinovatna   
 Data Analysis for Predicting Stock Prices Using Financial Indicators Based on Business Reports  
  Abstract   
 Increased access to the stock market leads to a growing interest in investing and an increase in the number of new investors. However, investing in the stock market involves risks and requires good preparation and analysis. To protect and grow their investments, investors should carefully analyze the company they plan to invest in. Our paper aims to develop a model for predicting financial indicators from companies’ business reports based on data analysis and machine learning using Python programming language.   
 Artificial Intelligence Impact on Food Security of States in the World  
  Abstract   
 Because food crisis is so wide-reaching, there is a strong a need in the transformation of world agriculture and food production sector. The innovative digital technologies, namely AI, are widely acknowledged as a solution for enhancing food crises management and agricultural productivity. The purpose of this paper is to research the linkage between food security and artificial intelligence against the backdrop of global digitalization processes by using cluster analysis (SOM algorithm). The level of impact of AI on food security is deployed in ascending order for clusters Absence, Starter, Adopter, Frontrunner. Countries with more developed digital infrastructure are better able to respond to current food security threats and build resilience for the future. Due to development of digital economy and AI solutions, the level of food security for clusters of Adopter, Frontrunner is largely higher than for countries with low level of digitalization and AI diffusion (clusters of Absence, Starter). Furthermore, the level of agriculture value added correlates with AI application and country’s economic development. The more country’s economy depends on agriculture, the lower is country’s food security level and the slower is country’s digitalization.   
 Oleksandra Novak, Vitaliy Kobets   
 Increasing Investment Portfolio Profitability with Computer Analysis Trading Strategies  
  Abstract   
 The paper is devoted to our research on the effectiveness of using different middle- and long-term trading strategies based on computer analysis (CA) indicators. This paper contains a brief overview of three technical analysis indicators that are usually used for getting buy or sell signals for some specific financial instruments (FIs). We have described the approach that allows using such signals not only for a single FI but for a whole investment portfolio. The initial investment portfolio is generated using Markowitz’s Modern Portfolio Theory. The paper contains an overview of similar approaches presented by other researchers. During the experimental part of the research, we compared the effectiveness of using such CA indicators as moving average (MA), relative strength index (RSI), and support and resistance (S&R). The results prove that using certain CA strategies allows not only to increase the initial investment portfolio profitability on rising periods in the financial market but also may reduce loss during a global financial market recession.   
 Serhii Savchenko, Vitaliy Kobets   
 Quality Assessment and Assurance of Machine Learning Systems: A Comprehensive Approach  
  Abstract   
 Machine learning (ML) is opening up new opportunities for the development of innovative systems across a wide range of industries. However, assessing and ensuring the quality of systems with ML components introduces unique challenges related to inherent characteristics of such components like data centricity and unpredictable behavior. Traditional software quality assessment and assurance methods may not be sufficient for ML systems: (1) they focus on software code, while ML systems’ quality is influenced by the characteristics of the data and the algorithms used to create ML components; (2) they do not cover the emerging quality characteristics specific to ML systems, such as interpretability, explainability, fairness and trustworthiness. This PhD project aims to develop a comprehensive approach for assessing and assuring the quality of ML systems, with a focus on bias detection and prevention. The research will (1) explore the problem of bias in production ML systems; (2) analyze the gaps in existing software quality models and methods related to bias detection and prevention; and (3) propose an improved approach to quality assessment and assurance to address the challenges associated with bias in ML systems. The results of this PhD project are expected to contribute to the development of better models and methods for assessing and assuring the quality of ML systems, as well as have practical implications for industries that rely on ML systems to automate complex tasks, facilitate decision-making processes and gain insights from large amounts of data.   
 Yurii Sholomii, Vitaliy Yakovyna   
 Modeling the Resource Planning System for Grocery Retail Using Machine Learning  
  Abstract   
 The reach of online grocery services has expanded to encompass new customer segments in recent years. During the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak, when delivery slots were limited and customer demand was high, click-and-collect models became increasingly popular. In order to keep pace with evolving customer behavior, it is crucial for retailers to maintain a high degree of operational process efficiency within their business model. This research paper proposes a resource planning system for grocery retail delivery services that utilizes machine learning techniques. The system aims to optimize the allocation of resources, such as delivery drivers, and reduce transport costs, improving the overall efficiency and profitability of the delivery operations. The system is designed to capture and analyze data from various sources, including delivery orders, traffic patterns, weather conditions, and driver schedules. The proposed research demonstrates the potential of machine learning techniques to transform resource planning in grocery retail delivery services and highlights the importance of Data-Driven decision-making in today’s highly competitive retail landscape.   
 Bohdan Yakymchuk, Olena Liashenko   
  Grygoriy Zholtkevych  
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
