ICTSS 2023   Mon 18 - Wed 20 September 2023 Bergamo, Italy    
 Toggle navigation        
  Student Travel Grant 
  About Bergamo 
  Program | ICTSS Program 
  Your Program 
   Mon 18 Sep 
  Tue 19 Sep 
  Wed 20 Sep 
  Track/Call 
  Organization | ICTSS 2023 Committees 
  Track Committees 
  Program Committee 
  Series | Series 
  ICTSS 2024 
  ICTSS 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
  People Index 
  Call for Papers 
  IFIP-ICTSS is a well-established conference where researchers, developers, testers, and users from industry get together to present and discuss the most recent innovations, experiences and open challenges related to testing software and systems and measuring software quality.  
 Dates    
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Mon 18 Sep   
 Displayed time zone: Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  change      
 Tue 19 Sep   
 Displayed time zone: Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  change      
 Wed 20 Sep   
 Displayed time zone: Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  change      
 Call for Papers  
 IFIP-ICTSS is a well-established conference where researchers, developers, testers, and users from industry get together to present and discuss the most recent innovations, experiences and open challenges related to testing software and systems and measuring software quality.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
  Cross domains and combination of techniques | : using other techniques such as proof, model-checking, symbolic execution, abstract interpretation, static analysis, simulation, model learning, machine learning, expert systems, neural networks, genetic algorithms… to improve quality and reduce the effort in testing processes. 
  Application aspects and case studies | : Communicating systems such as cyberphysical systems, systems of systems, embedded systems, web services systems, smart grids, cloud computing systems, business information systems, real-time systems, distributed and concurrent systems. Case studies and industrial applications involving qualified empirical evaluations. 
  IFIP-ICTSS invites:   
 Full papers     
 The aim of the Full papers submission category is to describe original research contributions with sufficient evidence for the interest of the proposed approach ( 12 to 15 pages  , plus at most 2 extra pages for references  in the one-column Springer LNCS format).  
 Short papers   or work-in-progress papers     
 The aim of the Short papers or work-in-progress papers submission category is to describe academic work in progress or tool implementations, as well as testing processes, achievements and feedbacks on testing methods for industrial case studies ( up to 6 pages  plus at most 1 extra page for references  in the one-column Springer LNCS format).  
 Journal-First     
 The aim of the Journal-First (JF) submission category is to further enrich the program of ICTSS, as well as to provide an overall more flexible path to publication and dissemination of original research that is within the scope of ICTSS. A submission in this category must adhere to the following criteria:  
 It should be clearly within the scope of the conference. 
  It has not been presented at, and is not under consideration for, Journal- First tracks of other conferences or workshops. 
  The submission has to be in the form of a | 4-pages extended abstract | and has to provide a concise summary of the published journal paper. 
  Journal-First submissions must be marked as such in the submission’s, and must explicitly include full bibliographic details (including a DOI) of the journal publication they are based on. Since the referenced journal papers have already been reviewed and accepted by the corresponding journals, submissions in the JF category will not be reviewed again for technical content. Submissions will be judged on the basis of the above criteria, but also considering how well they would complement the conference’s technical program. Accepted submissions in this category will be part of the proceedings of ICTSS 2023, with the title equal to the original title of the article with the prefix | Summary of | . 
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Fri 14 Jul 2023  
  Camera ready deadline 
 Fri 30 Jun 2023  
  Author notification 
 Sat 20 May 2023   
  Submission deadline 
 Tue 9 May 2023   
  Abstract deadline 
 Submission Link   
  ICTSS 2023   
  contact form    
