  Contacts 
 Welcome to ICWE2023, the 16 th  ICWE  
  International Conference on Wind Engineering  
 Welcome to Florence!  
 Florence, August 24th, 2023  
 Dear friends and colleagues of the Wind Engineering community, as academics, professional and corporate officers,  
 Welcome to Florence, Bienvenues à Florence, Willkommen in Florenz, Bienvenidos/as a Florencia !  
 Benvenuti/e a Firenze!    
 After 2 years of intense preparation and having decided to resume the ICWE as a fully on-site conference, ICWE16 is warmly welcoming You back to Europe – namely to the cradle of European Renaissance – in a few weeks from now.  
  Thank You all for this great demonstration of confidence. You might be sure: we shall not delude Your trust!  
 Therefore, we are glad to welcome you in Florence at the downtown Congress Hall,  Palazzo dei Congressi Villa Vittoria  , immediately by side of the S Maria Novella (Central) train station, i.e. in the very heart of the city.  
 We hope you enjoy the Conference and your stay in Florence!  
 Claudio Borri   
 PROGRAMME     
 In this page you can find all updated conference programmes  
 USEFUL INFORMATION     
 Should you have missed, you can download the conference useful letter sent on August 24th to all registered participants  
 Important Dates  
 Notification of abstract acceptance: | March 31st, 2023 
 NEW   Programme inclusion deadline* | May 22nd, 2023  May 29th, 2023 
 * This is the ultimate registration and payment deadline for your contribution to be included in the conference programme (either oral or poster presentation).    
 Download the First Announcement & Call for Papers       
  Updated to March 6, 2023  
 The 19th I  nternational A  dvanced S  chool on W  ind E  ngineering ( IAS  19)  
   Florence, September 1 – 2, 2023 –   read more…      
 ORGANISING COMMITTEE  
 Remember to register for IAS19     
 Registration portal is not the same as ICWE16 abstract submission and registration.   
 A different registration is required.    
