  Call for Tutorials Proposals 
  Call for Workshops Proposals 
  Workshops | BECS 2023 
  SWEET 2023 
  WALS 2023 
  Tutorials | T1 – A Practical Introduction for Developing and Operating Hybrid Quantum Applications 
  T2 – Automated Web GUI Generation from High-level Interaction Design with Discourse Models 
  Call for Tutorials Proposals 
  Call for Workshops Proposals 
  Workshops | BECS 2023 
  SWEET 2023 
  WALS 2023 
  Tutorials | T1 – A Practical Introduction for Developing and Operating Hybrid Quantum Applications 
  T2 – Automated Web GUI Generation from High-level Interaction Design with Discourse Models 
 Toggle sidebar & navigation        
 Call for Research Papers – ICWE 2023​  
 ICWE 2023 - AT A GLANCE  
 The International Conference on Web Engineering (ICWE) is the premier annual conference on Web Engineering and associated technologies. Thus, the conference covers the different aspects of Web Engineering, including the design, creation, maintenance, operation, and usage of Web applications. ICWE 2023 will be held on June 6-9, 2023 in Alicante, Spain.   
 ICWE aims to bring together researchers and practitioners from various disciplines in academia and industry to tackle the emerging challenges in the engineering of Web applications, the problems and opportunities of its associated technologies, and the impact of those technologies on society and culture. The 23rd edition of ICWE has a wide spectrum of topics related to Web Engineering, such as, among others:   
 Web application modeling and engineering 
  Web infrastructures and architectures 
  Comparisons, data sets, empirical studies of Web technologies 
  Web Engineering for and with AI 
  In addition to the research track, ICWE 2023 also seeks contributions of demos and posters, student papers at the PhD Symposium, tutorials, and workshops, which will be subject of individual calls.   
 SUBMISSIONS TO THE RESEARCH TRACK  
  Short papers: | short papers presenting a discussion – analysis, criticism, proposal, vision etc. – about relevant aspects of Web engineering topics. These papers are intended to generate discussions that promise potential for research that will impact Web Engineering in the coming years. (8 pages, Springer LNCS format) 
 ICWE 2023 is following a single-anonymous review process.  
 Papers submitted to ICWE 2023 must not be under review elsewhere while under consideration for ICWE 2023, nor may have been already previously published elsewhere. Submissions that are not in compliance with the required submission format, stated page limits, or that are out of the scope of the conference will be desk rejected without reviewing.   
 At least one author of each accepted submission must register for the conference and present the work during the corresponding session in person.   
 Papers must be submitted electronically through the  ICWE 2023 EasyChair   web page.   
 Accepted contributions will be included into the ICWE 2023 Springer LNCS proceedings. The best papers will be selected to be proposed, in extended form, as part of a special issue of the Journal of Web Engineering.    
 Springer Best Paper Award sponsorship.  According to the contract between Springer and the International Society for Web Engineering, Springer sponsors the ICWE 2023 Best Paper Award that will be announced during the ICWE 2023 Banquet.   
 IMPORTANT DATES  
 All dates are according to the time zone “Anywhere on Earth”, i.e., UTC-12.   
 Abstract submission: | January 20, 2023  February 3, 2023 EXTENDED! 
  Paper submission: | January 27, 2023  February 10, 2023 EXTENDED! 
  Author notification: | March 17, 2023 
  Camera-ready Version: | April 3, 2023 
 PROGRAM CHAIRS  
