Home 
  Submit 
  Attend | Attending ICWSM-23 
  Conference Logistics 
  Code of Conduct 
 on Web and Social Media  
   June 5th – 8th 2023  
 Limassol, Cyprus  
  Conference Program   Conference Proceedings   Workshop Proceedings     
  Web Chair Announcement:  Conference Program has been announced. View the schedule by clicking the "Conference Program" button on the ICWSM's website homepage. (May 25, 2023)  
  Past Announcements   
 Accepted papers have been announced. A new element has been added at the home page and under the Schedule navigation link. (May 16, 2023) 
  Updates on Accepted Workshops and ICWSM-23 Late Registration Prices. (May 15, 2023) 
  Bronze Sponsors and Adamic-Glance Plenary Talk have been announced. (May 12, 2023) 
  New Keynote Speaker has been announced. PC Members list has been updated. (May 5, 2023) 
  New Call for Papers: Special Section of | JQD:DM | in Collaboration with ICWSM 2024 has been added to the CFP. (April 12, 2023) 
  Information for Attending ICWSM-23, Registration, Scholarships & Grants, and Travel & Conference Logistics have been announced. (March 6, 2023) 
  Workshops, Tutorials and Data Challenge Schedules have been announced. (February 24, 2023) 
  Details about the ICWSM Adamic-Glance Distinguished Young Researcher Award have been announced in the home page. (January 31, 2023) 
  Dataset Paper and Posters & Demos Notification Acceptance dates have been added to the CFP. (January 10, 2023) 
  Detailed Guidelines for Paper Submission of the CFP have been updated. (December 16, 2022) 
  We have recently updated the information under the following website sections: Call For Submissions (Data Challenge Website Announced, AAAI Updated Author Kit information), the Steering and Program Committee Members (SPC & PC) of the ICWSM-2023. (December 13, 2022) 
  We have recently updated the information under the following website sections: Call For Submissions (Dataset Papers, Workshops, Tutorials, Data Challenge) and the Organizing Committee Members of the ICWSM-2023. (November 10, 2022) 
 Accepted Papers have been announced  
 COVID-19 Safety  
 We are excited to move towards a fully in-person event for our community in 2023! That said, it is our priority to ensure the safety and health of all participants. The organizers are monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic closely and will take measures as needed, including the possibility of enabling those who cannot travel to participate remotely.  
  For inquiries about the ICWSM Code of Conduct  , please contact icwsm23@aaai.org.   
  The International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM) is a forum for researchers from multiple disciplines to come together to share knowledge, discuss ideas, exchange information, and learn about cutting-edge research in diverse fields with the common theme of online social media. This overall theme includes research in new perspectives in social theories, as well as computational algorithms for analyzing social media. ICWSM is a singularly fitting venue for research that blends social science and computational approaches to answer important and challenging questions about human social behavior through social media while advancing computational tools for vast and unstructured data.  
  ICWSM, now in its seventeenth year, has become one of the premier venues for computational social science, and previous years of ICWSM  have featured papers, posters, and demos that draw upon network science, machine learning, computational linguistics, sociology, communication, and political science. The uniqueness of the venue and the quality of submissions have contributed to a rapidly growing conference, and a competitive acceptance rate of approximately 20% for full-length research papers published in the proceedings by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)  .  
  ICWSM-2023 will be held from June 5th – 8th at the St. Raphael Resort and Marina  in Limassol, Cyprus.  
  Disciplines  
  Location-based social networks (e.g., Foursquare) 
  ICWSM-2023 Keynotes new   
 The Shortcut - Why Intelligent Machines do not Think Like Us  
  Abstract:  The key to address our social anxieties in the face of Intelligent Machines is understanding how they “think”, what we can expect of them, and what can be the consequences of the specific type of intelligence that they exhibit, and the specific position we have chosen for them in our global data infrastructure, particularly web and social media. In order to do that, we will examine the fundamental steps that took us to the present form of AI, in particular the idea of the Shortcut. This will allow us to consider what we can expect from modern AI, and how we can manage our relation with it. (This talk will be based on the book “The Shortcut” by Nello Cristianini  ).  
 Bio:  Nello Cristianini is a Professor of Artificial Intelligence at the University of Bath, and a researcher in many areas of Artificial Intelligence, including machine learning theory, natural language processing, social implications of AI, philosophical foundations of AI, computational social science. He is the author of “The Shortcut” published by CRC Press (2023).  
 Digital Inequality During COVID-19 Lockdowns  
  Abstract:  Rarely is access to information as important as during a global health crisis. During the initial COVID-19 lockdowns, at a time when information could mean the difference between life and death, information inequalities were of paramount significance. Drawing on national survey data collected in the early days of the pandemic in three countries (US, Italy, Switzerland), this talk shares how people’s digital privilege related to their knowledge and misconceptions about the virus with consequences for whether they stayed safe during lockdowns.  
 Bio:  Eszter Hargittai is Professor and holds the Chair of Internet Use and Society at the Institute of Communication and Media Research of the University of Zurich. She is Fellow of the International Communication Association and an External Member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Hargittai's research looks at how people may benefit from or be left behind as a result of their varied digital media skills and uses. Her work has received awards from several professional associations. Her latest book is Connected in Isolation: Digital Privilege in Unsettled Times published by The MIT Press in 2022.  
 Research on Wikipedia Reading and Writing: a Random Walk Adamic-Glance Plenary Talk   
 More coming soon...  
 Attending ICWSM-2023 new   
 The 17th International Conference on Web & Social Media will be hosted at the St. Raphael Resort and Marina  in Limassol, Cyprus, from June 5th to June 8th, 2023. Please reserve before May 6, 2023.   
  St. Raphael Resort & Marina  
  Click on the link below to book your reservation at the conference special rate:  
  For more information about the venue, transportation, and conference logistics, click here  .  
 ICWSM Code of Conduct  
 All persons, organizations and entities that attend AAAI conferences and events are subject to the standards of conduct set forth on the AAAI Code of Conduct for Events and Conferences.  AAAI expects all community members to formally endorse this code of conduct, and to actively prevent and discourage any undesired behaviors. Everyone should feel empowered to politely engage when they or others are disrespected, and to raise awareness and understanding of this code of conduct. AAAI event participants asked to stop their unacceptable behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors are also subject to this code of conduct in their participation in AAAI events.  
  Additionally, participants are encouraged to be courteous when sharing screen captures and photographs of conference events. Seek permission when possible and respect requests to take down images if those featured ask. Concerns around code of conduct or inclusion may be sent to icwsm23@aaai.org  . If you have any concerns or items to report, please reach out to the General Chair, Jahna Otterbacher.  
 Registration new   
 ICWSM-23 Registration  
  We are excited to welcome everyone back to a fully in-person ICWSM this year! It is extremely important to the health and sustainability of our community that we “get back to normal” and resume our annual face-to-face meeting, strengthening our ICWSM community both scientifically and socially. For this reason, all accepted papers to the technical program must be presented by one of its authors in person at the conference.   
 Workshops and Tutorials held in-person will also be streamed virtually. Workshops and Tutorials that are virtual-only will not be available in-person and must be attended virtually. Please contact the respective organizers for any further information.  
 In addition, we will be offering a limited virtual experience via Zoom exclusively for participants from developing countries (please see the list of eligible countries here  ). Participants will be able to follow the ICWSM Technical Program, with the ability to interact via the Zoom chat. Please complete our application form  should you wish to apply for complementary virtual participation.  
 AAAI ICWSM-23 registration site  
 The ICWSM-23 technical conference registration fee includes admission to the Workshop/Tutorial Day, all technical sessions, and access to the electronic version of the ICWSM-23 Conference Proceedings.   
  ICWSM-23 Registration Fees  
 Early Registration Deadline: May 5   passed   
 Standard Registration - Technical Program   
  Workshop / Tutorials  
 ICWSM-23 workshops and tutorials will be held on Monday, June 5th, just prior to the technical conference. Please also note that some sessions may only be offered virtually. Technical registrants may sign up for any combination of workshops and/or tutorials on June 5th as part of their technical registration. For those wishing to attend only the Workshop/Tutorial Day, a Workshop/Tutorial Day Only registration is offered. PARTICIPANTS SHOULD NOT SIGN UP FOR CONCURRENT EVENTS, so please consult the schedule carefully before making your selections.  
 Organizers:  Kokil Jaidka  , Eni Mustafaraj  , David Schoch  , and Kenny Joseph  .  
  Images in Online Political Communication (PhoMemes 2023)   
 Organizers:  Cody Buntain  , Erik Bucy  , Keng-Chi Chang  , Jungseock Joo  , Navin Kumar  , and Dhavan Shah  .  
 Organizers:  Björn Ross  , Roberto Navigli  , Agostina Calabrese  , and Sheikh Muhammad Sarwar  .  
  Mediate 2023: News Media and Computational Journalism Workshop   
 Organizers:  Talia Tseriotou  , Dina Pisarevskaya  , Elena Kochkina  , Marya Bazzi  , Maria Liakata  , and Arkaitz Zubiaga  .  
  TrueHealth 2023: Combating Health Misinformation for Social Well-being   
 Organizers:  Gabriella Pasi  , Rishabh Upadhyay  , and Marco Viviani  .  
 Data Challenge  
 ICWSM-2023 is hosting the fourth ICWSM data challenge with the goal of bringing together researchers to analyze and understand emerging societal issues. The data challenge is a space where researchers can exchange ideas, discuss ongoing work, and foster collaboration, grounded on open data. This year’s data challenge theme is Dynamics of social data: Temporal characteristic of social tasks.   
  Visit the ICWSM-2023 Data Challenge Website  for more details.   
  Important Dates  
 Data Challenge opens: | Feb 15th, 2023 
  Paper Submission Deadline: | April 1, 2023 (AoE) 
  Data Challenge notification: | May 1, 2023 
  ICWSM Data Challenge Full-day Workshop: | June 5, 2023 
  Abeer Aldayel, Debora Nozza, and Steve Wilson    
  (ICWSM-2023 Data Challenge Chairs |  data.challenge@icwsm.org   )   
 Scholarships & Grants new   
 ICWSM Scholarships   
 We are pleased to announce the availability of a number of scholarships to help support student attendance at ICWSM-23. These scholarships are made possible through the engagement with, and kind contribution of, AAAI and our company sponsors.  
  Student Travel Grant   
 The student travel grant assists student participants both with travel to Limassol, Cyprus, as well as with conference expenses (such as housing, local transportation to/from the airport, conference registration, etc.). Please note that it intends to subsidize student participation in ICWSM-23, but does not intend to cover all travel and conference expenses. The final amount will vary depending on the cost of the travel, the available funds, and the number and type of applicants. The eligibility of this travel grant includes both active student program enrollment and physical presence at ICWSM-23 or any of the associated workshops.  
  Virtual Grant for Underrepresented Groups   
 Note that this virtual grant is not limited to students, it is open to anyone from underrepresented groups (e.g., women, persons with disabilities, etc.) and/or regions (e.g., African countries). There are no conditions for accepting this grant. We only ask that you attend the event and enjoy the sessions. We would, of course, also be happy if you decide to join our ICWSM and Computational Social Science community.  
 ICWSM Awards  
 ICWSM Adamic-Glance Distinguished Young Researcher Award  
 This annual award is presented to a young researcher who has distinguished themself through innovative research in the area of social computing/computational social science in the early stage of their independent research career. The award is named after Lada Adamic  and Natalie Glance  , two outstanding researchers who have made significant contributions to the International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM) in particular and social computing/computational social science in general. The ICWSM research community at large has greatly impacted this field, through identifying the connections between online digital behaviors and critical societal questions and issues. From misinformation and fake news to how we can use social media and social networks to gain insight into political polarization, mental health, and social movements, the range of topics addressed by the community is continuously expanding. We want to recognize and celebrate the young researchers who are making these contributions today.  
  Nomination Process and Eligibility  
 Self-nominations, nominations, and letters of support are elicited. ICWSM strongly encourages individuals from underrepresented groups in research (based on gender identity, race, ethnicity, geographical location, etc.) to self-nominate, and urges the wide community to nominate young researchers who have distinguished themselves for their creativity and rigor in identifying and addressing important research topics of societal impact. Nominations are open from February 1st to March 1st 2023. Use this Google Form  for submission.  
  Eligibility Criteria  
  Have received their PhD within the past 7 years. Career interruptions and other special circumstances will be considered and should be mentioned in the nomination justification document. 
  Perform research that is recognizably within the broad field of social computing/computational social science in terms of their thematic and methodological approaches. 
  Have published their research in the top venues for social computing or computational social science, including active participation in ICWSM. 
  As long as a candidate is eligible based on the three criteria above, they will be considered even if they were nominated or self-nominated in prior years.  
  Selection Process  
 The selection committee consists of three to five members and is appointed by the AAAI ICWSM Steering Committee Chair. The committee solicits self-nominations, nominations, and letters of support from the social computing/computational social science community. The selection is based on the impact of the candidate's work in the field: in identifying significant new problems, creating promising new ideas, paradigms, and tools related to data-driven understanding of human behavior, which may be quantitative or qualitative in nature. Depth and impact are valued over breadth of contribution for this award. A strong regard for considering the ethical aspects of the data/methods used in social computing/computational social science is expected of the research record of the nominees.  
  The nomination form  asks the following questions:  
  Note for letters of support:  The form makes it easy to submit letters of support from people other than the nominators or self-nominators. Such individuals will not need to complete the details of the nomination, they will simply upload their letter.  
  Form accessibility:  The nomination form requires Google authentication. If for any reason this is a problem for the nominator, please send the nomination materials via email to: adamic-glance-award@icwsm.org  .  
  Conflict of interest:  The awards committee takes conflict of interest seriously. If an nominated individual is a former or current collaborator of one or more of the committee members, such member(s) recuse themselves from evaluating and voting on these nominations.  
  2023 Awards Committee  
 Brooke Foucault Welles (Northeastern University) 
  Bernie Hogan (University of Oxford) 
  Award recipients will be joining the award selection committee within two years of their award win, to replace members who rotate off the committee.  
  Contact the committee: adamic-glance-award@icwsm.org   
  Award Ceremony  
 The award will be presented annually during the AAAI ICWSM conference. The awardee will be given the opportunity to give a plenary talk at the next year conference and announce the new recipient. Each recipient will be listed with a citation for their award on the ICWSM Adamic-Glance Distinguished Young Researcher Award web page. Financial support for attending the conference will be provided.  
  Organizing Committee  
  Atlanta, Georgia and Online (2022)  
   Top ICWSM papers by citation (Google Scholar h5)   
  AAAI Digital Library   
 Email  
 Drop us an email at icwsm23@aaai.org  . For anything particularly related to social media and publicity, contact us at communications@icwsm.org  .  
 Twitter  
 You can just send a message to @icwsm,  if you're talking about ICWSM include the hashtag #icwsm  so we can track all the chatter.  
 Facebook  
 We're at facebook.com/icwsm  .  
 Instagram  
  Contact 
  Tweets by icwsm    
 Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved | This template is made with  by Colorlib   
  Modified by Kyriakos Kyriakou  to meet the conference needs and branding identity of the ICWSM 2023.  
  Icons made by Yannick  , Gregor Cresnar  , Freepik  , Pixel perfect  from www.flaticon.com  messages.attribution.is_licensed_by CC 3.0 BY