 November 22, 2024   
 Deadline  Program    
 Calls for workshops and tutorials published!  
 November 20, 2024   
 News    
 We are now on Bluesky! 🦋  
  The International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media (ICWSM) is a forum for researchers from multiple disciplines to come together to share knowledge, discuss ideas, exchange information, and learn about cutting-edge research in diverse fields with the common theme of investigating the interplay of web and society. This overall theme includes research on new perspectives in social theories, as well as computational algorithms for analyzing digital traces of human activities or behaviors in social settings. ICWSM is a singularly fitting venue for research that blends social science and computational approaches to answer important and challenging questions about human social behavior through online traces while advancing computational tools for vast and unstructured data.  
  ICWSM, now in its nineteenth year, has become one of the premier venues for computational social science and social computing. Previous years  of ICWSM have featured papers, posters, and demos that draw upon a wide spectrum of disciplines from computational sciences (e.g., network science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, test/data mining natural language processing, image/multimedia processing, human computer interaction) to social sciences (e.g., sociology, communication, political science, anthropology, psychology, economics, digital humanities). Note that papers focusing solely on the advancement of algorithmic components or which use Web data only as an artifact (for instance, in method evaluation) are out of scope. Ideal submissions should speak to research questions of societal relevance.  
  We invite original work that utilizes diverse digitally mediated data sources such as web navigation traces, traces from apps, social media traces, data from online platforms such as microblogs (e.g., X/ formerly Twitter), wiki-based knowledge sharing sites (e.g., Wikipedia), online news media (e.g., Huffington Post), forums, mailing lists, newsgroups community media sites (e.g., YouTube, Instagram), Q&A sites (e.g., Quora Stack Overflow), user review sites (e.g., Yelp, Amazon.com), search platforms and social curation sites (e.g., Reddit, Pinterest). Adapting to our continuously evolving field, we are open to new forms of technologically mediated human or society-related data sources (e.g., mobility traces, satellite data) and methods that advance our understanding of society and the influence of the web on it.  
  The uniqueness of the venue and the quality of submissions have contributed to a rapidly growing conference, and a competitive acceptance rate of approximately 20 to 30% for full-length research papers published in the proceedings by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)  .  
 Limassol, Cyprus  
 2023  
 Atlanta, Georgia and Online  
 Email   
 Drop us an email at icwsm@aaai.org    
 For social media and publicity: communications@icwsm.org    
 Twitter   
 Follow us at @icwsm    
 Use hashtag #icwsm    
 Facebook   
 Connect with us at facebook.com/icwsm    
 Instagram   
