 1st Full-paper Deadline: May 15, 2024 (New submissions, and R&Rs from Jan 2024 submissions) [Notifications: July 15, 2024] 
  2nd Full-paper Deadline: September 15, 2024 (New submissions, and R&Rs from May 2024 submissions) [Notifications: Nov 15, 2024] 
  Submission guidelines specific to Demos, Poster, Dataset, Tutorial and Workshop will be updated closer to that deadline.   
 Brief Full Paper Submission Information  
 Full Paper Submission Site (new submissions only - not revisions)   
 Register or log in to PCS account to access the above link 
  After registering/logging in, click on the Submissions tab and make the following selections from the dropdown menus: Society: AAAI. Conference/Journal: ICWSM 25. Track: ICWSM 25 January Submissions. 
  After clicking "Go" a placeholder submission will appear in the table below. Click on "Edit Submission" to add your paper details. 
  The submission will be marked complete when you have entered all the required fields, but you will still be able to make edits until submissions are closed. 
 Authors who receive the "Accept" recommendation will have the opportunity to respond to reviewer suggestions by making minor edits when preparing the camera-ready version. Authors who receive the "Revise and Resubmit" recommendation will have the opportunity to address reviewer suggestions and resubmit an improved manuscript in the next submission deadline.  
 See the complete submission guidelines  below for more information.  
 Full Formatting Guidelines for Paper Submission  
 Content Guidelines   
 Language   : All submission must be in English.   
 Revisions   : Papers that were previously submitted to ICWSM and received a "Revise and Resubmit " decision should be accompanied by a copy of the previous reviews and an author response statement. The response statement may be in any format, but many reviewers appreciate a response that begins with an overall summary and then includes a table, with each row containing a reviewer comment in the left cell, and author's response in the right cell. The response cell may explain why no changes were made, or may describe changes and direct the reviewer to a particular page, section, or figure, where the revised content appears. At the discretion of the Senior PC member handling the paper, the revised version may be sent back to some or all of the original reviewers for comment and evaluation, and may also be sent to additional reviewers.   
 Disclosure of funding and competing interests:   Authors are required to provide an explicit disclosure of funding (financial activities supporting the submitted work) and competing interests (related financial activities outside the submitted work) that could result in conflicts of interest, in a section (e.g., “Acknowledgments”) that should be added to the camera-ready version of accepted papers, but not in the version submitted for review (in order to maintain author anonymity). Furthermore, authors are required to read the  AAAI code of conduct and ethics guidelines   ; submitting to ICWSM implies that the authors agree to abide by these rules.  
 Resubmission:   Authors will need to declare if a previous version of their submission was rejected at any peer-reviewed venue, and, if so, summarize the changes made in the current version and include the original review. Authors of rejected papers from ICWSM may revise and submit their revised papers after 6 months of the date of the last decision, but not before. For example, papers submitted in the January round can be resubmitted to the September round (6 months after the decision in March) but not the May round. This decision was made to avoid paper rejections due to lack of time for revisions and to discourage authors from submitting papers that are not ready.   
 Policy on Authorship:   ICWSM'25 will adopt the following subsection of ACM's new policy on authorship  , restated here: Generative AI tools and technologies, such as ChatGPT, may not be listed as authors of an ACM published Work. The use of generative AI tools and technologies to create content is permitted but must be fully disclosed in the Work. For example, the authors could include the following statement in the Acknowledgements section of the Work: ChatGPT was utilized to generate sections of this Work, including text, tables, graphs, code, data, citations, etc. If you are uncertain about the need to disclose the use of a particular tool, err on the side of caution, and include a disclosure in the Acknowledgements section of the Work. Basic word processing systems that recommend and insert replacement text, perform spelling or grammar checks and corrections, or systems that do language translations are to be considered exceptions to this disclosure requirement and are generally permitted and need not be disclosed in the Work.   
 All submissions from that author will be disqualified from the current ICWSM conference 
  And authors will not be permitted to submit papers to the ICWSM conference in the following year. 
  Conference Registration  : Authors will be contacted about how to register for the conference. General registration for this year’s conference will open soon. Stay tuned!   
 Publication  : All accepted papers and extended abstracts will be published in the conference proceedings, except for those submitted to the 'social sciences and sociophysics (not for publication)'; only abstracts will be published for those. Though initial submissions of full papers must not exceed 11 pages, full papers accepted for publication will be allocated up to twelve (12) pages in the conference proceedings to facilitate authors in addressing comments raised by the reviewers. Authors will be required to transfer copyright to AAAI.   
 Datasets  : ICWSM provides a service for hosting datasets pertaining to research presented at the conference. Authors of accepted papers will be encouraged to share the datasets on which their papers are based, while adhering to the terms and conditions of the data provider. Of these datasets, one will be selected for an award which will be based on the quality, scope, and timeliness of each dataset. More information will be available on our website.   
 The format of workshops will be determined by their organizers. The two main criteria for the selection of the workshops will be the following:   
 The organizers encourage workshops that promote different types of activities, including challenges, games, brainstorming, and networking sessions. The organizers discourage workshops that are structured as mini-conferences dominated by long talks and short discussions. Workshops should leave ample time for discussions and interaction between the participants and should also encourage the submission and presentation of position papers that discuss new research ideas. 
  The workshop should have the potential to attract the interest of researchers in computer science and social science. Proposals involving people of different backgrounds in the organizing committee and addressing topics at the intersection of different disciplines will have a higher chance of acceptance. 
  Workshop organizers who want to publish the papers from their workshop (or significant portions of it) will have the opportunity to do so through workshop proceedings by the AAAI Press. For a list of last year's workshops see here  .   
 Workshop Proposal Contents   
 Proposals for workshops should be no more than five (5) pages in length (10pt, single column with reasonable margins), written in English, and should contain the following:   
 A concise title. 
  The names, affiliations, and contact information of the organizing committee. A main contact author should be specified. 
  An indication as to whether the workshop should be considered for a half-day or full-day meeting. 
  A short abstract describing the scope and main objective of the workshop. Identify the specific issues and research questions the workshop will focus on, with a brief discussion of why the topic is of particular interest at this time and for which research communities. 
  A short bio for each member of the organizing committee, including a description of their relevant expertise. Strong proposals include organizers who bring differing perspectives to the workshop topic and who are actively connected to the communities of potential participants. 
  A brief statement on whether any generative AI tools were used to generate ideas for the workshop or the workshop activities. Workshop organizers strongly discourage the use of generative AI to come up with workshop ideas and activities. 
  Please use the AAAI Author Kit  to format your submission. Your proposal should be emailed in a single file to the workshop chairs (Luca Rossi, Shruti Phadke, and Akhil Arora) at workshops@icwsm.org  before the deadline. For additional information please contact the workshop chairs at the same address.   
 Lecture-style:   Traditional tutorials to teach concepts, methodologies, tools, and software packages. Tutorials on novel and fast growing directions and significant applications are highly encouraged. The conference is paying particular attention to themes around new perspectives in social theories, as well as computational algorithms for analyzing new forms of social media. Lecture-style tutorials on these themes are highly encouraged.   
 Hands-on:   Interactive, in-depth, hands-on training on cutting edge systems and tools (with a proven track record in the community), targeted at novice as well as moderately skilled users, with a focus on providing an engaging experience. The pace of the tutorial should be set such that beginners can follow along comfortably.   
 Translation:   Tutorials that aim to translate concepts between disciplines. For example, such a tutorial could introduce social science concepts to computer scientists, or computational concepts to social scientists. Thus these tutorials should be geared towards a beginner audience.   
 Case study:   Focused tutorials that emphasize real world applications of ICWSM work. These tutorials should walk the audience through how research insights and tools were applied in practice. We welcome submissions from practitioners in industry, government, and NGOs in addition to academics.   
 Free-style:   We also welcome proposals for creative and unconventional training sessions, such as hackathons competitions/challenges, etc., as long as participants can learn practical skills and participate in an active way.   
 Acceptance Criteria   
 The format will be entirely determined by the tutorial organizers—i.e., you! Proposals will be selected for inclusion considering the following criteria:   
 Relevance, interest, and value of the topic to ICWSM attendees and research communities. 
  Cross-pollination potential. Tutorials that attract an interdisciplinary audience will be given preference. The proposals should highlight, when applicable, the tutorial's potential to transfer knowledge from one discipline/area to another. 
  Interactivity. We will favor tutorials that aim to include hands-on experiences collaborative approaches, and interactivity. 
  Type.  The type of tutorial you are proposing: lecture-style, hands-on, translation case study, or free-style. 
  Names, affiliations, emails, and personal websites of the tutorial organizers.  A main contact author should be specified. A typical proposal should include no more than three presenters (more people can be involved in the organization). 
  Duration.  A short timeline description of how you plan to break down the material over the proposed duration (1, 2, 4, or 8 hours). Please mention here the proposed duration, but keep in mind that the Tutorial Chairs might conditionally accept a proposal and suggest a different duration to best fit the organization of the whole event. 
  Tutorial schedule and activities.  A description of the proposed tutorial format, a schedule of the proposed activities (e.g., presentations, interactive sessions) along with a *detailed* description for each of them. 
  Target audience, prerequisites and outcomes.  A description of the target audience, the prerequisite skill set for the attendee (if any) as well as a brief list of goals for the tutors to accomplish by the end of the tutorial. 
 This scheme’s goal is to support young scholars, in particular in low-and-middle-income countries, and to increase ICWSM’s appeal to scholars in adjacent communities.  
  Before submitting your manuscript via a web form  , you will need to confirm that:  
 None of the authors has any prior ICWSM full papers, not counting poster, dataset or workshop papers. 
  Your manuscript is complete (typically 7-11 pages in a two-column format) without any missing sections. 
  You are available to substantially revise your paper between August 22 and September 15. 
  The manuscript presents academic research related to “the Web and social media”, broadly defined. 
  We also ask you to check whether the first author’s affiliation country qualifies as a low, lower-middle, or upper-middle income economy according to the World Bank classification  . Authors from these countries will be given priority if mentoring demand exceeds mentoring capacity.  
 Similarly, in the submission form, we ask about prior experience with non-full-paper publications, e.g. dataset, poster or workshop publications, and about prior ICWSM attendance. Authors without any ICWSM experience will be given priority if mentoring demand exceeds mentoring capacity.  
 While not required, we suggest you follow the formatting guidelines  for ICWSM 2024 to save the time needed later for reformatting. However please include the author and affiliation information in the manuscript for the mentoring scheme.  
  Disclaimers:  
 dataset@icwsm.org  
 workshops@icwsm.org  
 tutorials@icwsm.org  
