Skip to content      
 Submission | Why submit to IDA? 
  Regular paper track 
  PhD forum 
  Organization | Chairs 
 Search for:        
 Submission | Why submit to IDA? 
  Regular paper track 
  PhD forum 
  Organization | Chairs 
 Payment using credit cards can be done at a later moment by clicking on this link  .  
 Instructions for payments using bank transfer are given at the bottom of this page.  
 Note that your registration will only be final after we have received your payment!  
 IDA aims at being an accessible symposium by keeping the registration fees low. Moreover, it traditionally encourages students to participate in the symposium and therefore offers special students rates.  
 Registration Fees | Early (before March 25, 2023) | Late (from March 25, 2023) 
 Note: the early registration deadline has been extended from March 18 to March 25!   
 Registration is only possible through this website.  
  Registration is non-refundable under any circumstances.  
  Registration fees are to be paid in euros.  
  Please indicate special requirements w.r.t. food and mobility during the registration process.  
 Formal invitation letters to the symposium will be sent only to people whose work has been accepted for presentation at the conference, and only on explicit request.  
 * To be eligible for the strongly reduced student rate, students (BSc / MSc / PhD) need to provide a link towards an institutional website that clearly mentions them as students; if you are not mentioned on such a website, please send proof of being a student in PDF format to the General chair  .  
 ** During the registration process, please provide a link to your official academic (university, research institute) home page.  
 Here Firstname corresponds to the first name and Lastname corresponds to the last name of the person who is registering.  
 All bank fees and money transfer costs must be paid by the transmitter.  
 Moreover, send a mail to ida-2023@uclouvain.be with the following information:  
 a proof of payment 
  whether or not your payment is subject to VAT: in that case indicate your VAT number in your mail 
  Twitter 
 © 2024 Symposium on Intelligent Data Analysis (IDA 2023). Proudly powered by Sydney