  Intelligent Data Analysis 
  Call for papers for a Special Issue:   Convergence of Federated Learning for Big Data Analytics in High-Performance 6G Networks   (  submission deadline: December 25, 2023    )   
 Intelligent Data Analysis   
 Latest issue  
 28:6 online 15 November 2024   
 Next issue  
 Aims & Scope 
  Editorial Board 
  Author Guidelines 
  Abstracted/Indexed in 
  Open Access 
  N/N Montepríncipe Avenue  
  Email: jmpena@ida-ij.com   
 Founding Editor  
 A. Famili  
  Changchun, China  
 Author Guidelines  
 SUBMISSION OF MANUSCRIPT   
 By submitting my article to this journal, I agree to the Author Copyright Agreement  , the IOS Press Ethics Policy  , and the IOS Press Privacy Policy  .  
 Authors are requested to submit their manuscript electronically to the journal's editorial management system  .  
 Authors are encouraged to use the IDA LaTeX style file  and to follow the formatting rules explained in more detail below. MsWord users can prepare their paper as an unformatted double-spaced manuscript. When an article is accepted for publication the publisher will ensure that the article is typeset according to the journal style.  
 Intelligent Data Analysis  invites the submission of research and application articles that comply with the aims and scope of the journal. In particular, articles that discuss development of new AI architectures, methodologies, and techniques and their applications to the field of data analysis are preferred. Manuscripts should be submitted in *.pdf format only. Please prepare your manuscripts in single-space, and include figures and tables in the body of the text where they are referred to. Manuscripts are received with the understanding that their content is unpublished material and is not being submitted for publication elsewhere. Further, it is understood that each co-author has made substantial contributions to the work described and that each accepts joint responsibility for publication.  
 Open access option    
  The  IOS Press Open Library   offers authors an open access option. By selecting the open access option, the article will be freely available from the moment it is published, also in the pre-press module. In the Open Library the article processing charges are paid in the form of an open access fee. Authors will receive an order form upon acceptance of their article. Open access is entirely optional.   
 Publication types and fees    
 When an article is accepted for publication, authors are required to pay a publication fee that depends on the publication type:   
  Page charges do not apply to feature articles.   
 Waivers are available for corresponding authors from low-income countries as identified by the Hinari Project. A waiver request for the publication fee should be submitted before the initial submission of an article.  
 Required files   
  After the article has been accepted, the authors should submit the final version as source files, including a word processor file of the text, such as Word or LateX (If using LaTeX, please use the standard article.sty as a style file and also send a PDF version of the LaTeX file).  
 Colour figures   
  It is possible to have figures printed in colour, provided the cost of their reproduction is paid for by the author. See Preparation of Manuscripts for the required file formats.  
 PREPARATION OF MANUSCRIPTS   
 Organization of the paper and style of presentation   
  Manuscripts must be written in English. Authors whose native language is not English are advised to consult a professional English language editing service or a native English speaker prior to submission.  
 Manuscripts should be prepared with wide margins and double (single) spacing throughout, including the abstract, footnotes and references. Manuscripts should be submitted in *.pdf format only. Every page of the manuscript, including the title page, references, tables, etc., should be numbered. However, in the text no reference should be made to page numbers; if necessary, one may refer to sections. Try to avoid the excessive use of italics and bold face.  
 Manuscripts should be organized in the following order:  
  The title page should provide the following information:  
 Title (should be clear, descriptive and not too long)  
 Name(s) of author(s); please indicate who is the corresponding author  
 Full affiliation(s)  
 Present address of author(s), if different from affiliation  
 Complete address of corresponding author, including tel. no., fax no. and e-mail address  
 Keywords  
 Number figures as Fig. 1, Fig. 2, etc and refer to all of them in the text.  
 Each figure should be provided on a separate sheet. Figures should not be included in the text.  
 Colour figures can be included, provided the cost of their reproduction is paid for by the author.  
 For the file formats of the figures please take the following into account:  
 COPYRIGHT   
 Copyright of your article   
  Authors submitting a manuscript do so on the understanding that they have read and agreed to the terms of the IOS Press Author Copyright Agreement  .  
 Article sharing   
  IOS Press adopted Sage’s Article Sharing Policy from 8 th  of July 2024.  
  Please go to: Sage’s Author Archiving and Re-Use Guidelines | SAGE Publications Ltd  for details. If your manuscript was submitted prior to 8 th  of July 2024, please contact editorial@iospress.nl  with details of your enquiry.  
 PROOFS   
 The corresponding author will receive a PDF proof and is asked to check this proof carefully (the publisher will execute a cursory check only). Corrections other than printer's errors, however, should be avoided. Costs arising from such corrections will be charged to the authors.  
 PRE-PRESS   
  The corrected proofs are published online in the journal's pre-press module and the article is fully citable by using its DOI number. This is not the final version. When the article is published in an issue, the final, updated version replaces the pre-press version.  
 PURCHASES   
 How to order reprints, a PDF file, journals, or IOS Press books   
  The corresponding author of a contribution to the journal will receive a complimentary PDF Author’s Copy of the article, unless otherwise stated. This PDF copy is watermarked and for personal use only. A free PDF copy will not be provided for conference proceedings and abstract issues. An order form for a PDF file without watermark, reprints or additional journal copies will be provided along with the PDF proof.  
 An author is entitled to 25% discount on IOS Press books. See Author's discount (25%) on all IOS Press book publications  .  
 KUDOS   
 Authors of published articles (non-prepress, final articles) will be contacted by Kudos  . Kudos is a service that helps researchers maximize the impact and visibility of their research. It allows authors to enrich their articles with lay metadata, add links to related materials and promote their articles through the Kudos system to a wider public. Authors will receive no more than three emails: one invitation and a maximum of two reminders to register for the service and link the published article to their profile. Using and registering for Kudos remains entirely optional. For more information, please have a look at our authors section  .  
 HOW TO PROMOTE YOUR WORK   
 Would you like some pointers on how to help your research achieve a wider reach and greater impact? Please consult our Promotional Toolkit for Authors  for tips.  
 Open Access  
 By default, articles published in Intelligent Data Analysis  are available only to institutions and individuals with access rights. However, the journal offers all authors the option to purchase open access publication for their article as part of the IOS Press Open Library  . This means that the final published version will be freely available to anyone worldwide, indefinitely, under a Creative Commons license and without the need to purchase access to the article. This is also referred to as “gold” open access.  
 Gold open access pricing   
 Green open access   
  Authors who do not make use of the gold open access option may still make their article freely available using self-archiving, also referred to as green open access. Authors may make their final accepted manuscript available for free download from their personal or institutional website or institutional archive. This model is free for the author.  
 Loading...    
 This journal supports IOS Press' actions relating to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and commits to the Diversity and Inclusion Statement  .  
 More information will be available in due course. Check the   SDGs page    for updates.    
 Related News  
 20 November 2024    
 Call for Papers: Special Issue on Convergence of Federated Learning for Big Data Analytics in High-Performance 6G Networks   
 Submit before December 25, 2024   
 Read more    
 1 November 2023    
 Sage Grows Research Portfolio by Acquiring IOS Press   
 Read more    
 28 June 2023    
 Book  Machine Learning and Intelligent Systems   
  Proceedings of MLIS 2024, Kampar, Perak, Malaysia, 17-20 November 2024   
 Publication date  
 December 2024    
 Editors  
 Kim, J.-L.   
 Book  Applied Mathematics, Modeling and Computer Simulation   
  Proceedings of the 4th International Conference (AMMCS 2024), Wuhan, China, 17- 18 August 2024   
 Publication date  
 November 2024    
 Editors  
 Chen, C.-H.,   
 Book  Innovative Design and Intelligent Manufacturing   
  Proceedings of the International Conference (IDIM 2024), Bali, Indonesia, 20-21 July 2024   
 Publication date  
 November 2024    
 Editors  
 Jain, L.C.,   
