 Shop Our Holiday Gift Guide Find a Gift    
 Intelligent Distributed Computing XVI: 16th International Symposium on Intelligent Distributed Computing, IDC 2023  This book presents selected contributions to the 16th Symposium on Intelligent Distributed Computing (IDC’23) held from September 13 to 15, 2023, at the HAW Hamburg, Germany. This unique collection of papers presents the latest findings, research achievements and ideas in the area of Intelligent Distributed Computing provided by researchers and practitioners from both distributed computing and intelligent computing communities. Distributed computing covers methods and technology to build complex computational systems composed of collaborating software components scattered across diverse computational elements. Intelligent computing offers a hybrid palette of methods, techniques and their applications ranging from classical artificial intelligence, information and data sciences, multi-agent technologies or computational intelligence to more recent trends such as swarm intelligence, bio-inspired computation, cloud computing, machine learning or social/cyber-physical trust and security.  
  Books | 2 
    Intelligent Distributed Computing XVI: 16th International Symposium on Intelligent Distributed Computing, IDC 2023  
 View More    
  Add to Wishlist     
    Intelligent Distributed Computing XVI: 16th International Symposium on Intelligent Distributed Computing, IDC 2023  
 View More    
 SHIP THIS ITEM  Ships in 1-2 days | Instant Purchase 
  PICK UP IN STORE  Your local store may have stock of this item. | Available within 2 business hours 
  Want it Today?  
  Check Store Availability 
    Overview  
 This book presents selected contributions to the 16th Symposium on Intelligent Distributed Computing (IDC’23) held from September 13 to 15, 2023, at the HAW Hamburg, Germany. This unique collection of papers presents the latest findings, research achievements and ideas in the area of Intelligent Distributed Computing provided by researchers and practitioners from both distributed computing and intelligent computing communities. Distributed computing covers methods and technology to build complex computational systems composed of collaborating software components scattered across diverse computational elements. Intelligent computing offers a hybrid palette of methods, techniques and their applications ranging from classical artificial intelligence, information and data sciences, multi-agent technologies or computational intelligence to more recent trends such as swarm intelligence, bio-inspired computation, cloud computing, machine learning or social/cyber-physical trust and security.  
  Product Details 
