IDEAS 2023     
 IDEAS 2023     
 General Information | About IDEAS 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Program | Final Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Steering Committee 
  For Authors | Registration Fees 
  Camera-ready Instructions 
 General Information | About IDEAS 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Program | Final Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Steering Committee 
  For Authors | Registration Fees 
  Camera-ready Instructions 
 The 27th International Database Engineered Applications Symposium   
 Conference   
 IDEAS 2023  Heraklion, Crete, Greece (5-7 May 2023)    
 Ranked B (CORE)   
 Seconds   
 About IDEAS 2023    
 The aim of the IDEAS-II series of symposiums is to address the engineered and application  aspects of data regardless of the database models.  
 The symposium provides an international forum for discussion of the problems of engineering data drivend systems involving not only database technology but the related areas of artfical inteligence, communication, information retrieval, human machine interface, multimedia, NLP, privacy, security and others. The goal of IDEAS is to foster closer interaction among the industrial, research and user communities and provides an excellent opportunity for them to meet, discuss ideas, examine the current ones and develop new solutions and research directions. Along with the technical sessions, the symposium also features prominent invited speakers.  
 The conference proceedings will be published by the Association for Computing Machinery in their ACM Digital Library  
 Organized by   
 Open University of Cyprus  
  with the cooperation of ACM, BytePress and ConfSys  
 Participation Modes   
 We are glad to announce that IDEAS will be back to an in-person conference! We look forward to welcoming the participants to Crete. However, we will keep monitoring the situation of the pandemic to decide later if remote participation would be possible for those having travel restrictions.  
 IDEAS 2023 Keynote Speakers    
  Schahram Dustdar    
 Blockchain Based Federated Learning for Collaborative Research: The MUSA approach   
 IDEAS 2023 Venue    
 Knossos Royal, Crete, Greece   
 Top 20 Event and Conference Countries 
  Budgets for Business Events 
  5 Ideas for Fun Family Activities 
  Best Event Ticket Deals 
  Video Equipments for Events 
 Recent Comments  
 Venessa Castle  on Budgets for Business Events 
  Venessa Castle  on 5 Ideas for Fun Family Activities 
  Venessa Castle  on Best Event Ticket Deals 
  Venessa Castle  on Video Equipments for Events 
    4 Min Read   
 5 Ideas for Fun Family Activities    
   Lists 
 No categories 
 Submission  
 All paper submissions for MEDES-2023 will be via | Easychair | . 
  You can find here the | CFP | and the | Important Dates | . 
  The conference venue is the | Knossos Royal Beach Resort | in Crete, Greece. 
 Previous Editions  
 IDEAS 2022 | , Budapest, Hungary, August 22-24, 2022 
 Aldemar Knossos Royal    
 IDEAS 2023 | Powered by OpenCEMS   
 This site uses cookies. Find out more about cookies and how you can refuse them.  
