/ IDEAS-II        
 Home 
  News 
  Conferences | IDEAS   C3S2E 
  Journals 
  ConfSys 
  Contact 
 IDEAS Archives 
  ConfSys   
   Author/User FAQ    New User signup         
 International Database Engineered Applications Symposium    
 IDEAS-II 2023   
 27th International Database Engineered Applications Symposium   
  May 5-7, 2023  
  Heraklion, Crete  
  Greece  
  The aim of the IDEAS-II series of symposiums is to address the engineered and application  aspects of data regardless of the database models.  
  The symposium provides an international forum for discussion of the problems of engineering data drivend systems involving not only database technology but the related areas of artfical inteligence, communication, information retrieval, human machine interface, multimedia, NLP, privacy, security and others. The goal of IDEAS is to foster closer interaction among the industrial, research and user communities and provides an excellent opportunity for them to meet, discuss ideas, examine the current ones and develop new solutions and research directions. Along with the technical sessions, the symposium also features prominent invited speakers.  
 Track (Targeted Session)  
 As in the past, IDEAS 2023 will include tracks ( Targeted Sessions  ) on current topics of interest to the community. This year, we would be organizing several; some of which are proposed below. These special tracks/themes will form part of the program along with the main event:  
  IMPORTANT DATES     
  Dec. 15, 2022:  Tack/tutorial proposal deadline  
  Dec. 20, 2022:  Notification of track/tutorial submission  
  Feb. 1, 2023:  Paper submission deadline  
  March 18, 2023:  Notification of acceptance  
  April 15, 2023:  Camera-ready submission  
 IDEAS-II Steering Committee     
 Bernardino  , Jorge (co-Chair) | ISEC, Portugal 
 Revesz  , Peter (co-Chair) | Univ. of Nebraska, USA 
 Guide  Submission   Author/User FAQ   Author Help   Grace Period   Embeding Fonts     
 Sample  READ THIS NOW   Latex acmart.cls   ACM CCS code   Paper Review: tex   Paper Review: pdf   Paper Final: tex   PDF Final: A4   PDF Final: US Ltr   Final Source: zip     
 Co-ops & Sponsors         
