  Venue 
 Follow IE   
 19 th  International Conference on Intelligent Environments (IE’23)  
  27 – 30 June 2023  
 The International Conference on Intelligent Environments (IEs) is in its nineteenth year and is now recognized as a major annual venue in the area. IE, that has been hosted all around the world, offers a truly international forum and welcomes contributions from all over the planet. IEs refer to physical spaces in which information and communication technologies, artificial intelligence, interfaces sensing and actuating technologies are woven in order to create interacting spaces. The ultimate objective of such environments is to enrich users’ activities, while allowing users to manage them and be aware of each other’s capabilities.  
  IEEE confirmed  will publish the Conference Proceedings as in previous years  . The call for paper is accessible here  .  
  The 19th International Conference on Intelligent Environments (IE2023) will be held in the beautiful Island of Mauritius from June 27 th  to June 30 th  2023. Situated next to Madagascar Mauritius is home to some of the world’s rarest plants and animals.  
  For those who cannot come to the beautiful Mauritius, IE’23 will offer Hybrid  (online) participation options.  
 Conference Programme  
 IE is a multidisciplinary event welcoming contributions from a diversity of various relevant areas, including sensors and actuators, signal processing (incl. audio and images), networking, human-computer interaction, artificial intelligence, software engineering, context-awareness internet of things, pervasive and ubiquitous computing, applied in domains such healthcare, education culture, and building environments, etc. The event will include regular full/short papers as well as a a Posters Session, affiliated Workshops & Tutorials, and an Industrial Forum. The full conference programme can be accessed here  .  
  Special Journal Issues  
 Authors of selected papers presented at IE 2023 will be invited to submit an extended and improved version to one of the Special Issues that will be published in 3 prestigious journals, which are indexed in JCR (Journal Citation Reports) or SJR (Scimago Journal Rank). More information about this  .  
  Social Program  
 Important Dates  
 Conference paper submission: | 15 December 2022 
 Communication of results: | 20 February 2023 
 Camera ready versions: | 30 March 2023 
 Workshopspaper submission: | 1 March 2023 
 Workshops results: | 5 April 2023 
 Workshops camera ready: | 15 April 2023 
 Workshops/Tutorials: | 27-28 June 2023 
 Conference: | 29-30 June 2023 
 In cooperation with:   
 The Robotics and Intelligent Sensing Technical Committee (RIS-TC)  
  Intelligent Environments 2023 (IE’23)