  Conference Publishing Services | Get a Quote 
  CPS Dashboard 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  CPS Organizer FAQ 
  PUBLICATIONS | Find the latest in advanced computing research.  VISIT THE DIGITAL LIBRARY 
  ComputingEdge  Magazine 
  Tech News Blog 
  Peer Review Resources | Author Guidelines 
  Reviewer Information 
  Guest Editor Information 
  Peer Review Content 
  Volunteer Opportunities 
  Publish | Author Resources 
  Calls for Papers 
  Publish Open Access 
  CPS Author FAQ 
  Leadership Network | Society Leadership 
  Boards & Committees 
 Home  / Conferences     
 CLOSED: Call for Papers: IEEE VIS 2023  
 22 - 27 October 2023 | Melbourne, Australia   
 Share this on:           
 Submissions Due: 21 March 2023   
 Important Dates  
 Abstract Submission: | 21 March 2023 
  Paper Submission | : 31 March 2023 
  Conference Dates:  22-27 October 2023  
  Area 6: Analytics & Decisions    
 This area focuses on the design and optimization of integrated workflows for visual data analysis, knowledge discovery, decision support, machine learning, and other data intelligence tasks. 
  Where will papers appear?  Full papers accepted to IEEE VIS will appear in a special issue of the IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics (TVCG) and will be indexed in IEEE Xplore  . Plan S has provided verbal approval of IEEE’s hybrid journal portfolio, including TVCG, for transformative status, allowing TVCG to accept articles from authors whose funders require Plan S  compliance.  
  Submission​ ​Guidelines  
 As the leading academic event on visualization research, IEEE VIS expects important, impactful, and potentially transformative contributions. Submissions will be judged on their scientific quality and novelty, potential impact, degree to which the evidence supports the findings, appropriateness of methodology, and the research process followed. After the initial notification of review results, selected papers are only conditionally accepted and will undergo a full revision and review cycle: only papers that improve according to the required changes will be accepted after the second round review.  
 IEEE VIS 2023 also features a separate short papers track. You can find more information in the | call for participation for short papers | . 
  When preparing your submission, please make sure that you carefully read and adhere to the | paper submission guidelines | . 
  Reviewers should be familiar with the | guidelines for reviewing papers for VIS | . 
    Open Access Policy  
 Visualization research is better communicated and acted on if it is freely accessible to the research community, practitioners, and the general public. Therefore, all paper authors are encouraged to share their accepted paper in an open access repository before the print deadline in accordance with IEEE copyright regulations. Additionally, funding agencies and research organisations may have specific rules such as Plan S compliance and it’s the authors responsibility to check and comply with their respective organizational rules. For instructions on how to post an accepted paper to an open access repository, please see the VIS Open Practices Guidelines (link coming soon)  
 Recommended by IEEE Computer Society  
