 About    
 Guides  Instructions     
 Submission     
 Registration     
 Sponsorship     
 About    
 Guides  Instructions     
 Submission     
 Registration     
 Sponsorship     
 Instructions   
 Submission   
 Registration   
 Conference Proceedings  
 The Proceedings of SCC 2024 will be published in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) by Springer International Publishing AG. Currently the Abstracting and Indexing services covered by Springer’s data feeds for LNCS proceedings include Engineering Index EI (Compendex and Inspec databases), DBLP, Google Scholar, IO-Port, MathSciNet, Scopus, and ZBlMath. The Best Paper Awards will be sponsored by Springer, which is a leading global scientific, technical and medical portfolio, providing researchers in academia, scientific institutions and corporate R&D departments with quality content through innovative information, products and services.  
 Extended versions of selected papers will be invited for special issues in the related journals including IJWSR(SCI), Electronics (SCI IF=2.9),Sustainability (SCI and SSCI, IF=3.9), Remote Sensing (SCI, IF=5.0), Mathematics (SCI, IF=2.4), Journal of Cybersecurity and Privacy,STBD, STSC, STCC, STIOT and IJBPIM.  
 Topics  
 SCC 2024 organizing committee invites you to participate in 2024 edition of SCC, to be held on November 16 - 19, 2024, Bangkok, Thailand.  
 The technical program of SCC 2024 will include a Research Track, an Application Track, and a Short Paper Track. The SCC 2024 tracks seeks original, UNPUBLISHED research papers reporting substantive new work in various aspects of Services Computing technologies and applications. Research Track papers MUST clearly indicate their contributions to the field of Services Computing technologies, applications and solutions. All papers MUST properly cite related work in the field, such as those published in the proceedings of ICWS, SCC, CLOUD, AIMS, SERVICES, BigData, ICIOT, ICBC, EDGE, APSCC, ECOWS, and related journals including STBD, JWSR, STSC, STCC, STIOT and IJBPIM (see Literature Recommendations  page).  
 SCC 2024 covers state-of-the-art technologies and best practices of Services Computing, as well as emerging standards and research topics which would define the future of Services Computing. The global nature of Services Computing leads to many opportunities and challenges and creates a new networked economic structure for supporting different business models. SCC 2024 will continue to help in bridging the gap between business services and information technology by driving research in technologies such as service-oriented architecture (SOA), business process integration and management, service engineering, cloud computing, blockchain, big data, and AI.  
 SCC covers the whole lifecycle of innovation research and enabling technologies, which includes enterprise modeling, business consulting, solution creation, services delivery, services orchestration, services optimization, services management, services marketing, services delivery and cloud computing, service-oriented architecture (SOA), business process integration and management, and Web services technologies and standards.  
  - 5G Application Architecture  
 Paper Submissions  
 All submitted manuscripts will be peer-reviewed by at least 3 program committee members. Accepted and presented papers from all SCC tracks will appear in the conference proceedings. Submitted Research Track and Application Track manuscripts will be limited to 15 (LNCS Proceedings style) pages and REQUIRED to be formatted using the LNCS Proceedings template ( WORD  , Latex  ). Submitted Short Paper track manuscripts will be limited to 8 (LNCS Proceedings style) pages. The authors can extend a maximum of 2 pages for each paper but will have to pay extra fees for each extra page. Unformatted papers and papers beyond the maximum page limit may not be reviewed. Electronic submission of manuscripts (in PDF or Word format) is required. Detailed instructions  for electronic paper preparation and submission, panel proposals, tutorial proposals, workshop proposals, and review process can be found at conference site.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register to the conference and present the paper. One Best Paper award and one Best Student Paper award will be granted at SCC 2024.  The Best Paper Awards will be sponsored by Services Society and Springer, which is a leading global scientific, technical and medical portfolio, providing researchers in academia, scientific institutions and corporate R&D departments with quality content through innovative information, products and services. The first author of the best student paper must be a full-time student.  
 Manuscripts submitted to the Research Track focusing on applications or solutions may be recommended to the Application Track or other tracks for further consideration if the session slots are available.  
 SCC 2024 Submission   
 SCC 2024 Research Track:  
 SCC 2024 Application and Industry Track:  
 SCC 2024 Short Paper Track:  
 SCC 2024 Special Track on Large Language Model Services (LLMS):  
 For other co-located conferences, you can find detailed submission instructions and links from the Submission page  .  
 Important Dates  
 Research Track/Application Track/Short Paper Track/Special Track:  
 Early-birds paper submission due: May 6, 2024  
 Review comments to Early-birds paper submission: June 20, 2024  
 Regular paper submission due: August 15, 2024  
 Special Track on Large Language Model Services (LLMS) submission due: September 11, 2024  
 Review comments to Regular paper submission: September 15, 2024  
 Camera ready manuscripts due: September 22, 2024  
 Conference dates: November 16 - 19, 2024  
 Hotel Information  
 SCF 2024 Hotel  
  2. Proceedings 
  3. Topics 
  4. Paper Submissions 
  5. Important Dates 
  6. Organizing Committee 
