  Scoop.it!    
 ALIFE 2023: The International Conference on Artificial Life. Sapporo - Japan, 24th-28th July 2023.     
          Conference Theme: Ghosts in the machine  
  Artificial life seeks to unravel the mysteries of life and mind, to naturalise the “ghosts in the machine”. What is life? What is the mind? Are these two concepts related?  
 These ghosts are however elusive, and difficult to identify or even just define at times. To try and learn more about the mind, research in artificial life and other related fields has more recently focused on studies of complexity, emergence, agency, autonomy, or information theory. As a results, this has led to major advancements in robotics, synthetic biology and artificial intelligence, among others. The main research programs in these areas however seem to be simply forgetting about the mind, rather than trying to explain it.  
 At the same time, with the advent of new technologies such as brain-machine interface, cyborgization, virtual/augmented reality and the metaverse, the boundaries between agents/living organisms and their environment have began fluctuating. Minds are no longer in our (living organism) shells, expanding beyond current spatial boundaries and into a new form of the "extended mind" hypothesis. At ALIFE 2023, we will bring back the focus to studies of the mind, facing the challenges and embracing the opportunities that come with studies of an often neglected but ever so important concept in both artificial life research and our daily lives.  
 More at: sites.google.com   
 Workshop | October 28, 2024, 13h00-19h30 (GMT+1), Online  
 Large Language Models (LLMs) such as ChatGPT have also opened new possibilities for Human-AI interaction towards systems of co and augmented intelligence. On the other hand, developments regarding the practice of complex thinking, as a mode of coupling with the world that is organisationally coherent with the properties that organise complex natural and social systems, has been proposed as potentially leading to more effective ecosystemically positive and sustainable possibilities for action. It is hypothesised that more complex modes of thinking may lead to creative and abductive leaps capable of guiding effective interventions and the process of managing change in “real-world” complex systems, in conditions of uncertainty and risk. The CT & AI project will explore possibilities and limits of the interaction of a framework for the practice and promotion of Complex Thinking (CT) with AI tools based on LLMs (e.g. Chat GPT, Gemini). It aimed at developing and evaluating preliminary protocols to guide the integration of methods and tools for promoting CT with the use of AI tools towards generating complex understandings for practice and research. Finally, it aimed at exploring stakeholders (policy-makers, practitioners, scientists/academics) stances regarding the use of AI in relation to CT.   
  Scoop.it!    
 School on Biological Physics across Scales: Pattern Formation. November 11 – 22, 2024, São Paulo, Brazil     
 Systems as different as the cellular cytoskeleton, microbial communities in soil, and savanna landscapes have in common the emergence of patterns: random yet organized spatial structures that form in an otherwise translationally invariant space. These structures emerge due to the local, individual-level interactions of agents – proteins, cells, trees – that, on a larger scale, result in nonlinear dynamics for the density field. Crucial phenomena hinge on the formation of these patterns: mitosis, embryo development, bacterial population survival, ecosystem’s robustness to aridification.  
 There is no registration fee and limited funds are available for travel and local expenses.   
 More at: www.ictp-saifr.org   
 See Also  : 3rd ICTP-SAIFR Symposium on Current Topics in Molecular Biophysics (CTMB3)  : October 7 – 9, 2024  
   Partager    
 Date:  September 30 – October 4, 2024   
 Venue:  IFT-UNESP, São Paulo, Brazil   
  Francesco Ginelli | (University of Insubria, Italy): | Physics of Flocking 
 Application deadline:  July 27, 2024   
 School on Water: From the Anomalies to the Biological and Technological Applications    
 Date:  September 2 – 7, 2024   
 Venue:  IFT-UNESP, São Paulo, Brazil   
  Enrique Lomba | (CSIC, Spain): | Scattering and Structural Factor 
 Application deadline:  June 22, 2024   
  Scoop.it!    
 Workshop: Demystifying machine learning for population researchers. November 5-6, Rostock, Germany     
 Advances in computational power and statistical algorithms, in conjunction with the increasing availability of large datasets, have led to a Cambrian explosion of machine learning (ML) methods. For population researchers, these methods are useful not only for predicting population dynamics but also as tools to improve causal inference tasks. However, the rapid evolution of this literature, coupled with terminological disparities from conventional approaches, renders these methods enigmatic and arduous for many population researchers to grasp.  
 This workshop on November 5 to 6, 2024 at the Max Planck Intsitute for Demographic Research (MPIDR) in Rostock, Germany, clarifies the goals, techniques, and applications of machine learning methods for population research. The workshop covers  
 an introduction to ML methods for population researchers, 
  showcases of ML applications to answer causal questions, 
 The 15th edition of Traffic and Granular Flow (TGF) will be held in Lyon, France, from December 2nd to December 5th 2024. In-person participation will be favoured.  
  Scoop.it!    
 School on Modelling Infectious Disease Dynamics. May 6 – 12, 2024. São Paulo, Brazil     
 To extend the reach and diversity of its annual meetings, the American Physical Society has developed a pilot program of APS Satellite Meetings with the participation of ICTP-SAIFR in Latin America. As part of the APS March Meeting from March 3-8, 2024, ICTP-SAIFR is organizing on March 5 (Tuesday) a 2-hour Satellite Session on Complex Systems that will be broadcast live to all participants of the APS March Meeting, as well as a session on Complex Systems for student/postdoc presentations.  
  Graduate students and postdocs can apply until February 10, 2024 to give oral presentations or posters at the student-postdoc session on complex systems.  
 More at: www.ictp-saifr.org   
  Scoop.it!    
 CCS'24 Exeter London - Conference on Complex Systems 2024 (August 30-September 6)     
  Welcome to the 20th Conference on Complex Systems, CCS2024! The CCS is the flagship annual meeting for the complex systems research community, operating within the framework of the Complex Systems Society. This special 20th anniversary conference is jointly organised by Northeastern University London and the University of Exeter.  
  We welcome participants looking to appreciate the connection with the multidisciplinary community that CCS brings together. In this 20th edition of the conference we welcome young researchers for a warm-up session in beautiful London, followed by the main conference just a train ride away in Exeter.  
 More at: ccs24.cssociety.org   
 TO BE HELD ONLINE ON MARCH 20-22, 2024  
 This FREE event brings together a wide range of speakers to discuss the many challenges and opportunities in Embodied Intelligence research! The workshop is structured with a morning session and afternoon session each day to accommodate different time zones. Each session includes plenary talks, panel discussions (including flash talks by leading researchers), and breakout sessions as shown in the tentative programme here. While plenary and panel speakers are invitation-only, we solicit wider contributions in breakout sessions to facilitate more focused and technical discussions.  
 Register at: embodied-intelligence.org   
 During the 2022 International Conference on Complex Systems held in Palma de Mallorca, the Complex Systems Society approved the creation of its Spanish Chapter .  
  The main objective of the Spanish Chapter is to bring together researchers in complex systems and other areas of potential interaction at an annual meeting held somewhere in Spain. The Chapter has held two meetings, the first in Santander in May 2023 and the second in Barcelona in February 2024 .  
 October 28 – November 1, 2024  
 São Paulo, Brazil  
 ICTP-SAIFR/IFT-UNESP  
 The recent availability of massive amounts of digital data have profoundly revolutionized research on migration and mobility, enabling scientists to quantitatively study individual and collective mobility patterns at different granularities as generated by human activities in their daily life.  
 A satellite event of the | Conference on Complex Systems 2024 
  Date of Event: September 3, 2024 
  Submissions deadline: June 10, 2024 
  Read the full article at: www.demogr.mpg.de   
 Please join us to celebrate 20 years of the Places & Spaces: Mapping Science exhibit! The exhibit is curated here at CNS and has traveled the globe showcasing best examples of information visualization.  
  When? June 6, 2024 from 4PM to 6PM EDT.  
  Scoop.it!    
 Meeting on Complex Systems & Stochastic Processes, July 1-5, 2024, University of Guadalajara, México.     
 We are organizing an international Conference on Complex Systems and Stochastic Processes to be held from the 1st to the 5th of July 2024, hosted by the Universidad de Guadalajara at the University Center for Exact and Engineering Sciences (CUCEI) in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. The scope of the Meeting is to discuss recent exciting developments in critical dynamics, quantum thermodynamics, classical and quantum walks, sociophysics and opinion dynamics, search and optimization, econophysics, networks, fractals, among others.  
 After the success of previous editions, we are pleased to announce the 5th Edition of the World Conference on Complex Systems, WCCS24. This conference will be organized by the “Faculty of Science and Technology of Mohammadia (FSTM), affiliated with Hassan II University of Casablanca”, in partnership with the “ Moroccan Society of Interdisciplinary Sciences” . WCCS24 will take place from November 11 to 14, 2024, in Casablanca, Morocco  
  WCCS24 will provide an international forum for researchers and Ph.D. students to present recent research results, address new challenges, and discuss emerging trends in the field of complex systems and interdisciplinary science.  
 Application for the second Complexity Global School – to be hosted simultaneously at Universidad de los Andes, Colombia, and Santa Fe Institute, USA from July 21 to August 3 – is now open. Applicants based in Latin America and the Caribbean are eligible for the Colombia location, and applicants based in USA, Canada, and western Europe are eligible for the USA location. Supported by the Omidyar Network, the school is free for all admitted students, inclusive of tuition, room, board, and travel stipend.  
 Read the full article at: www.santafe.edu   
 May 13-17, 2024 Villa del Grumello, Como, Italy  
 Over the past decade, computational social science (CSS) has risen as an interdisciplinary field that combines methods and theories from computer science, statistics, and social sciences to study complex social phenomena using computational tools and techniques.   
