 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  2023 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (IEEE SSCI 2023) 
 2023 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (IEEE SSCI 2023)  
   Mexico City, Mexico  
   Submission Deadline: Saturday 01 Jul 2023   
   Conference Dates: Dec 05, 2023 - Dec 08, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
  The conference primarily tackles Artificial intelligence, Mathematical optimization, Machine learning, Artificial neural network and Pattern recognition. The Artificial intelligence study featured in IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence draws parallels with the field of Computer vision. IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence connects research in Mathematical optimization with the related topic of Benchmark (computing).  
 The research on Machine learning tackled can also make contributions to studies in the areas of Data modeling and Data mining. The work tackled in the conference goes beyond the discipline of Data mining as it also encompasses Cluster analysis. The research on Evolutionary algorithm discussed in IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence draws on the closely related field of Evolutionary computation.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence:  
 The published papers are organized to address concerns in the fields of Artificial intelligence, Machine learning, Artificial neural network, Data mining and Feature extraction. The Artificial intelligence research presented in the conference articles focuses mostly on Pattern recognition and, on occasion, topics in Autoencoder. The study of Artificial neural network in the most cited articles encompasses disciplines such as Cluster analysis, as well as fields such as Segmentation, all of which overlap with one another.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Artificial intelligence 
  Machine learning 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence focuses largely on the fields of Artificial intelligence, Machine learning, Artificial neural network, Feature extraction and Mathematical optimization. The overlapping concepts between Data modeling and Time series are the key highlights of Artificial intelligence study. Support vector machine, Decision tree, Classifier (linguistics) and Reinforcement learning are Machine learning topics of special interest in the conference.  
 The studies on Feature extraction discussed can also contribute to research in the domains of Feature selection and Feature (computer vision). Mathematical optimization study tackled is connected to the field of Benchmark (computing). It covers Task analysis research under the subject of Task (project management).  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  Coding and Decoding Speech using a Biologically Inspired Coding System (7 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  Mengjie Zhang | (19 papers) | published 7 papers at the last edition, 2 more than at the previous edition, 
  Thomas Bäck | (18 papers) | published 6 papers at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  Victoria University of Wellington | (28 papers) | published 14 papers at the last edition, 8 more than at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 IEEE Symposium Series On Computational Intelligence   
 Dec 04, 2022 - Dec 07, 2022  
 Singapore, Singapore  
 2023 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (IEEE SSCI 2023)   
 Dec 05, 2023 - Dec 08, 2023  
 Mexico City, Mexico  
  15 Best Coding Bootcamps to Get a Job in 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 2023 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (IEEE SSCI 2023)  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
