Home 
  About | Come to iEMSs in Michigan 
  Lodging and Transportation 
  2024 Planning Committee 
 Skip to content (Press Enter)      
 iEMSs 2024   
 iEMSs biennial conference  
 Home 
  About | Come to iEMSs in Michigan 
  Lodging and Transportation 
  2024 Planning Committee 
  12th International Congress on Environmental Modelling and Software  
 June 23–27, 2024  
 Join us in 2024  
 Michigan State University is proud to host the 12th International Congress on Environmental Modelling and Software June 23–27, 2024 in East Lansing on our beautiful campus. The conference will be held at the Kellogg Hotel and Conference Center.  
 In addition, Whether you’re an outdoor enthusiast, an urban adventurer, or somewhere in between, Michigan has it all and summer is the perfect time to visit. Michigan is a top travel destination and has something for everyone.  
 Your Pure Michigan trip begins here!  
 Barbara Robson  Leader, Tropical Marine Water Quality and Impacts team, Australian Institute of Marine Science  Assessing model “fitness for purpose” in the context of long-term change  
 How do you know whether a model is “fit for purpose”? I propose a framework that considers not only the accuracy of the model, but also whether it is sufficiently informative, sufficiently transparent, sufficiently trusted by the people who need to trust it, and whether it meets operational requirements. Assessing the suitability of a model can be even harder in the context of long-term change that will take the system beyond the bounds of historical observations. I discuss the example of modelling to support decisions about interventions to increase the resilience of Great Barrier Reef in a changing climate.  
 Barbara Robson leads the Tropical Marine Water Quality and Impacts team at the Australian Institute of Marine Science. Her research focuses on modelling coastal ecosystems and the waters of the Great Barrier Reef to support environmental management, policy and interventions. She has an interest in improving best practice in environmental modelling and has published a number of papers challenging the state of the art in aquatic ecosystem modelling and environmental modelling more generally. Barbara is a Fellow of iEMSs and an Associate Editor of Limnology and Oceanography Letters.  
 Barbara Robson  Leader, Tropical Marine Water Quality and Impacts team, Australian Institute of Marine Science  Assessing model “fitness for purpose” in the context of long-term change  
 How do you know whether a model is “fit for purpose”? I propose a framework that considers not only the accuracy of the model, but also whether it is sufficiently informative, sufficiently transparent, sufficiently trusted by the people who need to trust it, and whether it meets operational requirements. Assessing the suitability of a model can be even harder in the context of long-term change that will take the system beyond the bounds of historical observations. I discuss the example of modelling to support decisions about interventions to increase the resilience of Great Barrier Reef in a changing climate.  
 Barbara Robson leads the Tropical Marine Water Quality and Impacts team at the Australian Institute of Marine Science. Her research focuses on modelling coastal ecosystems and the waters of the Great Barrier Reef to support environmental management, policy and interventions. She has an interest in improving best practice in environmental modelling and has published a number of papers challenging the state of the art in aquatic ecosystem modelling and environmental modelling more generally. Barbara is a Fellow of iEMSs and an Associate Editor of Limnology and Oceanography Letters.  
 closepopup    
 © Copyright 2024 iEMSs 2024  . All Rights Reserved.  The Conference | Developed by Rara Themes  Powered by WordPress  .    
 Schedule notes   
 [Wednesday, 26 June]   
 [Tuesday, 25 June]   
 [General notes]   
 Please note, that due to some sessions not receiving any or only few submissions, and some session organisers being unable to attend the conference, not all of the original sessions open for submissions will be run. Abstracts submitted to these sessions have been reallocated (usually) within the same stream, in cooperation with session organisers. Such changes affect the following sessions:  
 Sessions A1 and A5 were merged with A2 
  Sessions A7 and A8 were merged, resp. reallocated 
  Session F2 was cancelled 
  Finally, please note that as originally indicated, the “Zero”-Sessions were only for submissions where authors where unsure about the best topical fit, all submissions under these sessions were evaluated and assigned to the best suited topical session.  
 Please check other sessions if you had originally requested one of these sessions in your submission, or get in touch with us using the conference_editor@iemss.org  email address.  
 Equally, workshops WS A2 and WS F1 were cancelled on request of the organisers.  
 WSE2. ISESS – Digital Twins in environmental sciences – from high throughput data streams to artificial intelligence   
 The ISESS community ( www.isess.net  ) meets at iEMSS 2024 to explore the latest advancements in environmental software systems using high throughput data streams and artificial intelligence to create virtual replicas of environmental systems. We will discuss how Digital Twins can help us better understand and model the behavior of complex environmental systems, from climate change to biodiversity and food security. During this workshop, we will delve into the following topics: (a) The concept of Digital Twins and its applications in environmental sciences, (b)High throughput data streams and their role in creating accurate Digital Twins, (c) Artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques for analyzing and predicting environmental phenomena, (d) Case studies of successful Digital Twin implementations in environmental monitoring and management, (e) Future outlook and potential applications of Digital Twins in environmental sciences.  
 CLOSE    
 WSC3. Fostering and sustaining FAIR in modeling science   
 Making models FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable) is a widely shared goal among modeling scientists. Initiating and sustaining the scientific practices needed to realize this goal will be challenging, however. It requires additional time, effort, and a conceptual shift to move beyond developing models to meet specific research or policy aims, to developing models that also can be used or extended by others.  
 Community-wide standards can help to enable FAIR-aligned practices in modeling social and environmental systems. However, it is equally important to create incentives for organizations and individual researchers to engage in these practices as well as software tools and clear guidance that make it easier to make a model FAIR. The Open Modeling Foundation (OMF) was established recently as a federation of modeling science organizations (including iEMSs) to promote community-wide standards for best practices in modeling. It also endeavors to incentivize FAIR practice through a combination of recognition, rewards, and requirements. Model users need to be able to identify models that meet FAIR standards, and developers who create models that meet such standards need to be professionally recognized.  
 In this workshop, representatives of OMF Working Groups will offer brief introductory presentations about how the modeling community can establish the necessary feedbacks between incentives and standards for FAIR-aligned practice. These presentations will be aimed at stimulating round table discussions among attendees to this workshop. Special emphasis will be on establishing a professional culture to support FAIR practice among early career researchers who will become the next generation of modeling scientists. We invite researchers and practitioners from all experience levels to join us in the discussion on incentives to stimulate FAIR practices in modeling (both inside and outside academia).  
 Organizers: Michael Barton (Arizona State University), Allen Lee (Arizona State University), Serena Hamilton (Australian National University), Iestyn Woolway (Bangor University), Min Chen (Nanjing Normal University), Andrew Bell (Boston University)), Charlotte Till (Arizona State University)  
 WSB2. Managing and reducing uncertainty in water quality modeling design: a framework and methods   
 Model design choices (here encompassing many aspects including formulation, system boundaries, scales, scenarios, objectives, quantitative and qualitative methods of uncertainty assessment) have far-reaching effects on the whole modelling process – from formulation to construction, participation and monitoring. These choices naturally affect a model’s input data requirements, assumptions made, simulated outcomes and their uncertainty. Design choices and their transparency also influence the ability for participatory partners and stakeholders to develop trust in a model’s outputs and therefore the success of the model to support policy development or decision making. Thus, participatory modelling should comprise “cradle to grave” decisions (design to practice) and their justification.  
 This workshop accompanies the iEMSs 2024 presentation sessions on water quality modeling. It will attempt to develop a framework and outline an associated set of methods that will assist the modeling community to assess and communicate the effects of design choices on model output quantities of interest, with a focus on uncertainty management and assessment, and decision support tools for policy and its implementation. The framework should be generically applicable regardless of model style (e.g., modelling for different spatial and temporal resolution) and purpose (e.g., for forecasting, reporting and planning). But in the workshop, we will focus on models addressing various sources (urban, industrial, agricultural, point and diffuse/distributed) causing social, economic and environmental consequences of poor water quality.  
 The outcome of this workshop is expected to be a Position Paper on the current and future designs of water quality modeling for managing uncertainty. For those wishing to contribute to the workshop it is proposed that their primary ideas be submitted as an abstract and presented as a talk in the accompanying water quality sessions so as to make more efficient use of time in the workshop. The organizers will lead a discussion structured around the topic and invite audience participation on key subtopics. There will be an overview talk on the topic in the sessions on water quality.  
 CLOSE    
 C11. Open modeling and simulation   
 Models are useful tools for geographic and environmental research in analyzing global/regional geohypotheses, and supporting decision/policy making. To date, numerous models have been developed to simulate different geographic phenomena and processes to solve various problems. Due to the complexity of geographic and environmental problems, there is an increasing need to support collaborative modeling with experts from different disciplines. However, the heterogeneity of geographic and environmental models hinder model exchanging or integration to better represent reality and answer broader research questions. Open modeling and simulation could significantly help increase the transparency of research and reusability of models, promoting collaboration of researchers and scholars across domains.  
 This session aims to bring scholars worldwide together to explore the theories and approaches of open modeling and simulation in geographic and environmental research. This session focuses on research about model standard design, application paradigm, and system implementation for open modeling and simulation in relevant domains. Potential topics include (but are not limited to) the following:  
  – Model standard design;  
 C10. Development and evaluation of surrogate models using machine learning to emulate results of calibrated process models   
 Developing surrogate models from results of environmental process models requires a progression of operations that cover the entire spectrum from process model calibration to surrogate model evaluation. Each step of this pipeline can make or break the final product, and can be implemented in numerous ways. This session focuses on innovative approaches to build the pipeline, applying these new methods, and quantifying the propagation of uncertainty from input data to process models to surrogate model results. Specific case studies may include simulation of crop growth, water quality and quantity, carbon sequestration and greenhouse gas emissions, and other environmental processes.  
 Potential topics for discussion within the session include, but are not limited to:  
 – Selection of objective functions;  
 Stream F. (Big) data solutions for environmental systems planning, management, and operation  
 Dali Wang & Dan Ames  
 Fast advances in remote sensing techniques, in-situ observation systems, and information and communication technologies have contributed to the proliferation of Big Data on environmental systems. Big Data brings about new opportunities for a better understanding of complex systems through new forms of information processing, storage, retrieval, and analytics. Machine learning, which refers to computer algorithms that automatically learn from data, can advance our prediction capability on complex systems with less human intervention. Collectively, Big Data and ML techniques have shown great potential for data-driven decision-making, operation research, and process optimization in planning and managing environmental systems. We encourage the submission of papers that provide insights into novel data solutions, software technologies, and computational and machine-learning methods to guide human activities on environmental systems, including, but not limited to, environmental systems planning, management, and operations.  
 CLOSE