  Global Health Conference Education Committee 
  Sustainability 
  At the Event | Agenda At-A-Glance 
  Education | Find Sessions 
  Keynotes & Featured Speakers 
  Global Health Conference Education Committee 
  Sustainability 
  At the Event | Agenda At-A-Glance 
  Education | Find Sessions 
  Keynotes & Featured Speakers 
 HIMSS and Informa Markets Shape the Future of Healthcare Conferences in First Year of Partnership (08/14/2024)  
 August 14, 2024 
 One year after partnering to expand the annual HIMSS Global Health Conference & Exhibition, the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) and Informa Markets are building on the success of HIMSS24 to redefine the healthcare conference experience while paving the way for long-lasting community growth and engagement with healthcare providers, technology professionals and the many contributors across the global health eco-system.  
 The landmark partnership between HIMSS, a global advisor to the health eco-system, and Informa, the world’s leading exhibition organizer, united Informa’s scale, expertise and resources with HIMSS’s unparalleled thought leadership. In year two of the partnership, the organizations are working closely to make HIMSS25 the most “must attend” conference in HIMSS history.  
 Recognized as the most influential health and healthcare event of the year, the HIMSS Global Health Conference and Exhibition brings together the global health community in discovery, shared insights, education and innovation. As one of the largest healthcare events in the world, it draws tens of thousands of healthcare leaders and professionals, technology innovators, HIMSS members, providers, and governmental organizations from around the globe.  
 “Our partnership with Informa has been fantastic, exceeding our expectations in the first year,” said HIMSS President & CEO Hal Wolf. “Informa has impressive expertise in conference production, and together we are making the HIMSS Global Conference experience inspirational and informative for all attendees.”   
 HIMSS will soon unveil its investment in improving and updating the HIMSS Membership Program  , and the Society’s leading digital transformation expertise. HIMSS maturity models create a global benchmark and certification process for every part of a health system’s digital health transformation, including analytics ( AMAM  ) and AI readiness, electronic medical records ( EMRAM  ), infrastructure ( INFRAM  ), and community care ( C-COMM  ). HIMSS Analytics provides the world’s healthcare systems with expert guidance and strategies to improve patient outcomes, protect data, reduce costs, and better develop and support their workforce.  
 At HIMSS25, hosted in Las Vegas March 3 – 6, HIMSS and Informa Markets will build off the success of the 2024 conference with elevated experiences, new networking opportunities with like-minded professionals, a world-renowned roster of expert speakers, and an exhibition hall delivering cutting-edge digital healthcare solutions.  
 HIMSS will continue to deliver expert certification for HIMSS Members, educational programming, and thought leadership that showcases the latest advancements and innovations in health information and technology. Informa Markets will provide unrivaled expertise in delivering world-class event experiences, a cutting-edge exhibition floor, executive-level thought leadership and attendee engagement.  
 A few of the planned improvements for HIMSS25 include an expanded program to connect entrepreneurs with investors, expanded access and offerings for HIMSS Members, and new health equity and smart health forums.  
 Registration for HIMSS25 opens on September 5, 2024.   
 About HIMSS   
 Tom Lawry  
 AI Transformation Advisor to Health and Medical Leaders  
 Tom Lawry is a leading AI transformation advisor to health and medical leaders around the world, a top keynote speaker, and best-selling author of Hacking Healthcare – How AI and the Intelligent Health Revolution Will Reboot an Ailing System. He’s the Managing Director of Second Century Tech and a former Microsoft exec who served as National Director for AI for Health and Life Sciences, Director of Worldwide Health, and Director of Organizational Performance for the company’s first health incubator. Prior to Microsoft, Tom was a Senior Director at GE Healthcare, the founder of two venture-backed healthcare software companies, a health system executive, and a board member. Tom’s work has been featured in Forbes, CEO Magazine, Harvard Business Review, CNET, Inside Precision Medicine, and numerous webcasts and podcasts. In a Harris Poll of 2023 JP Morgan Healthcare Conference attendees, Tom was named one of the most recognized leaders driving change and engagement in healthcare today. He has also been named one of the Top 2024 Influential Voices to Follow.   
 Gen. Paul M. Nakasone  
 Chief Medical Information Officer  
  Samsung Medical Center  
 Meong Hi son is an Associate Professor in the Department of Emergency Medicine and currently holds the role of Chief Medical Information Officer at Samsung Medical Center, South Korea. Trained as a pediatrician specializing in pediatric hemato-oncology and pediatric emergency medicine, and despite having no initial background in IT, she has become a pioneering force in the digital transformation of healthcare services as a junior faculty member at Samsung Medical Center. During her early clinical career as a clinical fellow, Dr. Son spearheaded the migration of pediatric cancer treatment protocols and monitoring sheets from paper-based systems to electronic medical records (EMR). Not only did she initiate this critical transition, but she also played a key role in the actual implementation of EMRs, which became the driving force behind her involvement in the hospital’s digital transformation efforts.  Dr. Son believes that healthcare services involve complex processes managed by a diverse group of professionals. She emphasizes that making even small changes in this field requires continuous reflection on what can be improved through technological advancements and tireless communication. She finds it particularly meaningful to encourage more healthcare workers, especially in resource-limited and change-resistant environments, to participate in the digital transformation journey. By sharing her personal experiences and impactful hospital stories with various audiences both within and outside the hospital, she aims to inspire others to join this essential movement towards improving healthcare through IT. Consequently, she played a pivotal role as an intermediary, facilitating communication and participation among various departments for the hospital to achieve Stage 7 in the four areas of maturity model (INFRAM, EMRAM,DIAM and AMAM).    
 Dr. Seung-woo Park  
