 Redefine manufacturing operations for modern production environments with the help of artificial int...   
 November 2024  · The International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology    
 With the rapid development of technology, the potential of artificial intelligence (AI) in improving enterprise production efficiency and operational management is increasingly evident. The complexity and uncertainty in the modern manufacturing environment make it urgent for enterprises to re-examine and redefine their manufacturing operations to adapt to rapidly changing market demands. This ... [Show full abstract]  article aims to explore how to use artificial intelligence to build enterprise information systems, optimize operational management in modern manufacturing environments, improve production efficiency, reduce operating costs, and achieve intelligent decision-making. A research has been conducted on the design of an intelligent manufacturing enterprise operation management information system, including system requirement analysis, structural design, functional and database design, and system testing. A manufacturing enterprise intelligent production scheduling model has been developed to achieve efficient task management through service clustering, sales forecasting, and production scheduling execution. Optimization strategies for manufacturing operations in modern production environments include problem analysis, optimization paths, and effect evaluation. Research has shown that the constructed intelligent manufacturing operation management system can effectively integrate various business processes and improve the real-time and accuracy of data processing. Through the intelligent production scheduling model, the decision support of enterprises in sales forecasting and production scheduling has been significantly enhanced, and operational efficiency has been significantly improved.    
 View full-text    
 Artificial Intelligence-Assisted Simulation Research on Intelligent Behavior of Film and Television...   
 November 2024  · Applied Mathematics and Nonlinear Sciences    
 [...] 
  Yesheng Lin 
  With the continuous development of artificial intelligence technology, the continuous improvement of three-dimensional animation design technology has become an inevitable trend. This paper conducts a simulation study on the intelligent behavior of three-dimensional animation characters in film and television, using finite state machines as the basis. First, we look at the basic parts of the ... [Show full abstract]  character behavior diagram design and behavior modeling. Then, we use the decision state of the finite state machine to define the intelligent behavior of a three-dimensional animation character. Finally, we combine the character behavior operation principle with the character action generator to finish building the character intelligent behavior model. Under the technical support of the film and television animation character behavior model of the finite state machine, Anima Studio is used to realize the construction of the film and television animation character simulation platform, and the platform of this paper is used to explore the simulation of intelligent behavior of animation characters. Upon exploration, we discover that the animated character, utilizing the finite state machine model, operates efficiently and consistently, thereby demonstrating the simulation effect of the film and television animation character simulation platform in a vivid and realistic manner.    
 View full-text    
 Research on Micro Film Literature Creation in the Digital Era under the Background of New Generation...   
 November 2024  · Highlights in Art and Design    
 [...] 
  Yuan Xue 
 Effective Analysis Utilizing Artificial Intelligence to Characterize the Efficient Dynamic Performan...   
 November 2024    
 In recent years, artificial intelligence has been widely used in renewable energy. Several solar panels have been installed in the direction of maximum solar radiation for various applications around the world. But in the case of moving platforms, for instance, an application like ships, military and solar vehicles, satellites, etc., the maximum solar radiation at all the positions and ... [Show full abstract]  displacements is not obtained. In addition, the sun is still in motion depending on the variation of the calendar. Consequently, there are problems with the energy collected by solar panels and their production which differs considerably at different times, positions, and bearings. This research work aims to model the dynamic behavior of a two degree of freedom (2-DOF) mechanism, which can be used as a dual axis solar moving base. As a verification, the equation of motion examines several important issues in implementing an expert system for the robust controller design of the proposed intelligent mechanism. It is evident that the movement of the panels toward the direction of solar motion uses the maximum radiation at all times and, as a result, the higher efficiency of the solar panels is achieved. The proposed objective of the current research is to devise dynamic modeling of artificial intelligence two-axis of freedom solar moving base mechanism in conjunction with the tracker system mounted on the specifically designed and fabricated moving base platform.    
 View full-text    
