      Menu   Home 
  General Information | Welcome to IFSA 2023 
  Organizing Committee 
  About Korea 
  Contact Us 
  Contribution | Call for Special Session 
  Paper Submission 
  Special Issues 
  Late Breaking Submission 
  Instruction for Presenter 
  Program | Technical Program 
  Visa Information 
 Welcome to IFSA 2023  
 Welcome to IFSA 2023   
 It is our great pleasure to welcome everyone to the 20th World Congress of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA 2023), held at EXCO, Daegu, Korea, which is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Korea with a historical wealth of cultural and tourist attractions that is located in the south-eastern area of Korea.  
 The conference is an international forum for researchers and practitioners to share ideas in all aspects of fuzzy theory and its applications. The major goal of this conference is to bring together practitioners and scholars from all areas to discuss, demonstrate, and exchange research ideas within the scope of intelligence including fuzzy theory and its applications. To provide better opportunities to disseminate the research results presented at the conference, accepted papers will be published in the proceeding of IFSA 2023 and selected papers will be recommended to several prestigious journals for extended results.  
 IFSA 2023 will provide the opportunity for researchers to discuss their latest research results through several technical programs that consist of two plenary lectures, special organized sessions, and oral/poster sessions. In addition to the technical program, social events will offer the opportunities of strengthening networks and interactions between the participants of IFSA 2023.  
 We would like to express our sincere appreciation to the committee members for their valuable contributions to this conference. Also we would like to express many thanks to societies, institutes, and companies for their sponsorship.  
 Hope you have a wonderful and stimulating stay in Daegu, KOREA.  
 Byung-Jae Choi   
  General Co-Chair of IFSA 2023  
  Daegu University, Korea | Frank Chung-Hoon Rhee   
  General Co-Chair of IFSA 2023  
  Hanyang University, Korea 
 General Information  
 Welcome to IFSA 2023 
  Organizing Committee 
  About Korea 
  Contact Us 
 © 2024 IFSA 2023  • Built with GeneratePress    
 IFSA 2023 Secretariat  
  Korean Institute of Intelligent Systems (KIIS)   
  Copyright IFSA 2023, all rights reserved. | Terms of Use  Privacy policy