  Please, visit the website  , mark your calendar.   
 During 2023 IFSA World Congress  all Selection Committees announced the results of their deliberations. Thank you very much to the members of the committees for their time and dedication. Congratulations to all awardees.   
 IFSA Fellows    
 Ching-Feng Juang | , National Chung Hsing University, Taiwan 
  Eyke Huellermeier | , Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Germany 
 IFSA Fellows    
 Luis Martínez 
  Eulalia Szmidt 
  Sławomir Zadrożny 
 IFSA AWARD    
 for significant impact on fuzzy logic related research and applications   Kaoru Hirota | and | Etienne Kerre 
 IFSA OUTSTANDING APPLICATION AWARD    
 Patricia Melin 
 IFSA BEST JOURNAL PAPER AWARD    
 Agreement with IEEE Computational Intelligence Society    
 It is our pleasure to announce the signing of the Generic Sister Society Agreement Memorandum of Understanding  between IEEE Computational Intelligence Society  and IFSA  .  
  The goal of the agreement is  
  ‘to encourage the exchange and dissemination of technical information, and to promote understanding and cooperation between the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society (CIS)’ and the members of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA).’   
  It is an important agreement that opens a new chapter of relationships between societies. It will allow us to grow and build a strong future.  
 for your researcher showing active leadership in the field of fuzzy sets and systems, and their applications   Eyke Hüllemeier 
 IFSA OUTSTANDING APPLICATION AWARD    
 Makoto Fujiyoshi | (Hitachi Zosen Corporation) 
 About Us   
 The International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA)  is a worldwide organization dedicated to the support, development and promotion of the fundamental issues of fuzzy theory related to (a) sets, (b) logics, (c) relations, (d) natural languages, (e) concept formation, (f) linguistic modeling, (g) vagueness, (h) information granularity, etc. and their applications to (1) systems modeling, (2) system analysis, (3) diagnosis, (4) prediction and (5) control in decision support systems in management and administration of human organizations as well as electro-mechanical systems in manufacturing and process industries. IFSA organizes and encourages participation in open discussion session on the future directions and restructuring of fuzzy theory in IFSA World Congresses  . The offical journal of IFSA, published by Elsevier, is the International Journal of Fuzzy Sets and Systems  . Furthermore, IFSA sponsors workshops and conferences on fuzzy theory.  
  .   
 .   
 IFSA Council Members List    
 IFSA Constitution    
 IFSA Operating Guidelines    
 IFSA By-Laws    
 IFSA History    
   conferences   
 IFSA World Congresses   
 IFSA (co)Sponsored Conferences    
 Follow the above link to find a list of IFSA coSponsored Conferences.  
 Fuzzy-related Conferences    
 Learn More    
 IFSA Members   
 Membership    
 Follow the above link to find out how a society can become an IFSA member.  
 The following societies are members of IFSA   
 All 
  Asia & Austraila 
 fellows   
 IFSA Fellow Comittee and Procedure    
 Follow the above link to learn more about IFSA Fellow process.  
 Recognized for their contributions to the fuzzy sets and systems community are the following IFSA Fellows   :  
 Rafik Aliev  
 Joint MBA Program, USA    
 Send Message    
 © IFSA. All Rights Reserved  Designed by BootstrapMade