  Home 
  12th ACM Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec'24) 
 12th ACM Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec'24)    
 12th ACM Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec'24)    
 Call for papers: The IH&MMSec workshop has established its reputation as one of the premier outlets in the fields of information hiding and multimedia security. Paper submission deadline: February 16, 2024   
 For more than 20 years, the fields of Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IH&MMSec) have allied advances of multiple disciplines, accumulating a substantial body of knowledge. The IH&MMSec workshop has established its reputation as one of the premier outlets for research in these and related areas. Continuing this tradition, the 2024 workshop edition solicits novel papers documenting research, industrial, or government practice. The event will be held at Parador de Baiona, a historic fortress with a spectacular view over the ocean, situated in the beautiful town of Baiona in Galicia (Spain).  
  This year a call for special sessions  is included. For details about the corresponding proposal procedure, please refer to the conference website.  
  Submission Guidelines   
  All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. The following paper categories are welcome:  
 Short papers: | 4-6 pages, describing preliminary results, e.g. work in progress with limited test sets or just giving indications or tendencies... 
  Full papers: | 10–12 pages, describing general and detailed research contributions. Full papers are expected to back their key claims with strong evidence (such as mathematical proofs, statistical modelling, or extensive testing). 
  Technical papers submitted for IH&MMSec 2024 are to be written in English.  
  Authors are invited to submit either short papers (4-6 pages, including references, for preliminary yet interesting results) or full papers (10-12 pages, including references, with general and detailed research  
  contributions). Submissions must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are  
 Important dates   
 December 7, 2023: | Deadline for special session proposals 
  January 12, 2024: | Submission system (EasyChair) opens 
  February 16, 2024: | Paper submission deadline 
  April 12, 2024: | Acceptance notification 
  May 3, 2024: | Camera-ready submission is due 
  June 24-26, 2024: | In-person workshop meeting in Baiona 
  Committee   
  The workshop is intended to be in-person  in Baionna, Spain.  
  On behalf of the organisers of IH&MMSec '24  
 More Information  
