  Call for Robot Exhibition 
  Grants Expand | Call for Volunteers 
  IJCAI-AIJ 2023 Travel and Accessibility Grant Program 
  Committees Expand | Conference 
  Program Committee 
  Program Expand | Program at-a-glance 
  Full Schedule 
  Paper Schedule 
  Accepted papers Expand | Main Track 
  Special Track on AI for Good 
  Journal Track 
  Sister Conferences Track 
  Distinguished Paper Awards 
  Invited Speakers 
  Special Track on AI, the Arts and Creativity 
 Important Dates (all times are Anywhere On Earth, UTC-12)   
 Submission site opening: | January 4, 2023 
  Abstract submission deadline: | January 11, 2023 
  Author information deadline: | January 16, 2023 
  Full paper submission deadline | : January 18, 2023 
  Appendix and resubmission information deadline | : January 23, 2023 
  Summary reject notification: | February 24, 2023 
  Author response period: | March 20-23, 2023 
  Paper notification: | April 19, 2023 
 Submissions to IJCAI 2023 should report significant, original, and previously unpublished results on any aspect of artificial intelligence. Papers on novel AI research problems, AI techniques for novel application domains, and papers that cross discipline boundaries within AI are especially encouraged.  
 In addition to the main track, the authors will be able to submit papers to the two multiyear special tracks (AI for Good and AI, The Arts and Creativity), as well as the survey track; these tracks will post their calls for papers later this year, and their deadlines, procedures and policies may differ from what is described below.  
 A selection of the best papers submitted to IJCAI 2023 will be invited for a fast track in the Artificial Intelligence Journal and/or the Journal of AI Research.  
 Contact for questions not answered in the call  : pcchair@ijcai-23.org   
 New in 2023   
 Page limit:  papers must be no longer than 9  pages in total: 7  pages for the body of the paper and 2  pages for references; the optional ethics statement can be placed either in the body of the paper or in the reference pages. For accepted papers, the last two pages can also contain acknowledgements and the contribution statement.  
 Authors commit to reviewing:  by submitting to the conference, each author volunteers to be entered into the pool of potential PC members/reviewers for IJCAI 2023 and may be asked to review papers for the conference. This does not apply to authors who have already agreed to contribute to IJCAI’23 in some capacity (e.g., as PC/SPC members of the main conference or special tracks, area chairs, or members of the organizing committee) and authors who are not qualified to be IJCAI PC members (e.g., undergraduate students, junior graduate students, researchers with a limited track record in AI). This requirement may be waived in a limited range of exceptional circumstances (researchers leaving academia, parental leave, etc.)  
 Separate deadline for technical appendix and resubmission information:  the authors are given five extra days after the submission deadline to update their technical appendix and resubmission information.  
 Simplified procedure for resubmission information:  the authors must declare whether their paper has been rejected from another peer-reviewed conference in the last 12 months before the submission. They will be requested to upload the latest rejected version (anonymized if necessary) with the reviewer’s comments; a cover letter responding to the reviews is optional. To avoid bias, the resubmission information will only be made available to reviewers after they submit their reviews. The program committee reserves the right to reject papers that fail to report resubmission information. Further, reviewers will be encouraged to check whether the resubmission addresses factual issues pointed out in the reviews of the previous version (e.g., typos, incorrect attribution of results, etc.) and to reject submissions that fail to do so.  
 Contribution statement:  for accepted papers, the authors can include contribution information, explicitly indicating the contribution of each co-author to the paper.  
 Selection Process   
 Selection criteria:  Selection criteria include the novelty and originality of ideas, correctness, clarity, the significance of results, potential impact and quality of the presentation.  
 Summary rejects  : The reviewing process will proceed in two phases. In Phase 1, every paper will be reviewed by two PC members. If a paper receives two good-quality reviews that are not sufficiently positive in Phase 1, it will be rejected without any opportunity to submit an author response. By submitting a paper, the authors acknowledge that they are aware of the possibility of receiving a summary rejection notification.  
 Full paper review  : Papers passing the summary reject step will go through the full reviewing process. Each paper will be reviewed by a group of PC members (PCs), and a Senior PC member (SPC) will coordinate the PC review process and write a meta-review with a recommendation cross-checked by an Area Chair (AC).  
 Author response:  The full paper review process will allow authors to respond to the reviews. Author responses should be concise and are not intended to create a dialogue between reviewers and authors. Author responses will be visible to AC, SPC, and PCs.  
 (Optional) triple blind reviewing  : By default, from the perspective of the Senior Program Committee members (SPC) and Program Committee members (PC), the reviewing process will be triple-blind, i.e., SPC/PCs cannot see the identities of authors and other SPC/PCs, and vice versa. However, during the discussion phase, the PC and SPC members are allowed to reveal their names to each other by signing their comments. The choice to reveal one’s name to the co-reviewers is optional, and no one should be pressured to do so. In any case, this information will not be made available to the paper authors. Author identities are also invisible to Area Chairs (ACs) and vice versa.  
 Participation in the conference.  At least one author of each accepted paper must participate in the conference and present the work. We are looking forward to the community meeting in person. However, we are prepared to accommodate authors who cannot attend the conference because of travel restrictions or visa/passport issues.  
 Ethics policy and ethics statement:  Similar to the 2022 edition of the conference, we will employ a lightweight ethics review policy for IJCAI 2023. Reviewers will be asked to flag glaring violations of ethical principles. Such flagged submissions will be reviewed by the Ethics Chair. In rare situations, the Program Chair, advised by the Ethics Chair, reserves the right to reject a submission on ethical grounds. However, we expect that the primary response to ethical concerns will require authors to revise their submissions to include a discussion that identifies these ethical concerns and suggestions on how they might be mitigated.  
 Authors can include in the main body of their paper, or on the reference pages, an ethics statement that addresses both ethical issues regarding the research being reported and the broader ethical impact of the work. Note that such an ethics statement is not required, but we recommend that papers working with sensitive data or on sensitive tasks include such discussion. The IJCAI review form will include a section asking reviewers and ACs to flag any serious ethical concerns. Toby Walsh (tw@cse.unsw.edu.au) will continue to serve as an Ethics Chair for the conference in 2023.  
 Withdrawing submitted papers:  all papers that are withdrawn from the conference after February 7, 2023, Anywhere On Earth (UTC-12), will also be formally rejected from IJCAI 2023.  
 Confidentiality policy:  All submissions will be treated in strict confidence until the publication date.  
 Submission Process   
 Mandatory abstract submission  : The paper title, author names, contact details, and a brief abstract must be submitted electronically through the IJCAI 2023 paper submission site (link above) by the abstract submission deadline. It will be possible to make minor edits to the title and abstract until the full paper submission deadline. However, submissions with “placeholder” abstracts may be removed without consideration.  
 Author Information:  Full papers must be submitted through the same site by the paper submission deadline. The list of author names provided at the Author Information Deadline is final. Authors may not be added to or removed from papers following submission. (The author’s ordering may still be changed during the camera-ready period.)  
 Submission limit:  IJCAI 2023 will enforce a strict submission limit. Each author is limited to no more than 8  submissions to IJCAI 2023.  
 Keywords:  When submitting abstracts, authors must choose up to three content area keywords (called “subject areas” in CMT). General categories should be used only if specific categories do not apply or do not accurately reflect the main contributions. The full list of keywords will be available on the submission site.  
 Copyright  : IJCAI 2023 is a conference held under the IJCAI rules. The papers published there will be solely IJCAI publications with IJCAI as the copyright holder.  
 Submission Requirements   
 Paper format  : Papers submitted to IJCAI 2023 must be formatted according to the IJCAI 2023 guidelines (link above). Submissions must be self-contained. Authors are required to submit their electronic papers in PDF format. Submissions that violate the IJCAI 2023 style (e.g., by decreasing margins or font sizes) may be rejected without review.  
 Paper length  : Papers must be no longer than 9  pages in total: 7  pages for the body of the paper (including all figures/tables), plus up to 2  additional pages with references; the optional ethics statement can be placed either in the body of the paper or in the reference pages. Acknowledges and the contribution statement can be included in the two reference pages for accepted papers. Moreover, for accepted papers, up to two additional pages may be purchased at an additional cost per page. Overlength papers will be rejected without review.  
 Anonymity  : From the authors’ perspective, reviewing for IJCAI 2023 is double-blind. As an author, you are responsible for anonymizing your submission. In particular, you should not include author names or affiliations in your submission and should avoid providing any other identifying information (even in the supplementary material). Acknowledgements of funding or assistance should also be omitted at the submission stage. When referring to one’s work, use the third person rather than the first person. For example, say, “Previously, Elkind et al. [8] have shown that…” rather than “In our previous work [8], we have shown that…”. All identifying information can be added to the final camera-ready version of accepted papers. Supplementary material (including the resubmission information) and code should also be anonymized (including, for instance, hardcoded paths or URLs that may give away login identifiers or institutions). In case of resubmissions, if the previous version of the paper was non-anonymous, the authors are asked to remove/cover their names, affiliations and acknowledgements in the resubmission PDF but not to alter the previous version or the reviews in any other way. The authors should also remove identifying information from the PDF metadata. Submissions that violate anonymity will be rejected without further review.  
 Preprints  : The existence of non-anonymous preprints (on arXiv, social media, websites, etc.) and prior publication in non-archival venues will not result in rejection. Note that the submission to CMT must always be anonymized regardless of whether a preprint has been released. Reviewers will be instructed not to look for such preprints actively, but encountering them will not constitute a conflict of interest.  
 Reproducibility  : Authors must follow the reproducibility  guidelines ( available here  ) and checklist at the time of paper submission.  
 Ethics Statement:  Authors may include a statement of the potential broader impact of their work, including its ethical aspects and future societal consequences. This part can be put in either the main body of the paper or on the reference pages. It is optional but is highly recommended for papers working with sensitive data or on sensitive tasks.  
 Dual submissions  : IJCAI 2023 will not accept any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review for, has already been published in or has already been accepted for publication in a journal or another venue with formally published proceedings. (As a guideline, authors should regard publications with a DOI, ISBN, or ISSN as formal publications. Questions about submission eligibility should be referred to the program chair before the deadline.) Authors are also required not to submit their papers to venues with formally published proceedings during the IJCAI 2023 review period. These restrictions do not apply to workshops and similar specialized presentations without formally published proceedings.  
 Contact for questions not answered in the call  : pcchair@ijcai-23.org   
 © 2024 IJCAI 2023  
 Video Recordings 
  Call for Robot Exhibition 
  Grants  Expand child menu  Expand | Call for Volunteers 
  IJCAI-AIJ 2023 Travel and Accessibility Grant Program 
  Committees  Expand child menu  Expand | Conference 
  Program Committee 
  Program  Expand child menu  Expand | Program at-a-glance 
  Full Schedule 
  Paper Schedule 
  Accepted papers  Expand child menu  Expand | Main Track 
  Special Track on AI for Good 
  Journal Track 
  Sister Conferences Track 
  Distinguished Paper Awards 
  Invited Speakers 
  Special Track on AI, the Arts and Creativity 
