  Call for Robot Exhibition 
  Grants Expand | Call for Volunteers 
  IJCAI-AIJ 2023 Travel and Accessibility Grant Program 
  Committees Expand | Conference 
  Program Committee 
  Program Expand | Program at-a-glance 
  Full Schedule 
  Paper Schedule 
  Accepted papers Expand | Main Track 
  Special Track on AI for Good 
  Journal Track 
  Sister Conferences Track 
  Distinguished Paper Awards 
  Invited Speakers 
  Special Track on AI, the Arts and Creativity 
 All members of the AI community are invited to submit workshop proposals for review. We encourage several forms of workshops:  
 Classical workshops that focus on a particular research area, including proposals for continuous workshops held at previous general AI conferences (e.g., IJCAI, AAAI, ECAI) or discipline-specific conferences (e.g., NeurIPS, KR, AAMAS, UAI, ICAPS…). 
  Workshops focusing on emerging topics and applications or open research questions and challenges. 
  Cross-discipline workshops foster an exchange of ideas among groups unaware of each other’s research. 
  Miscellaneous topics of interest to the AI community. 
  Workshops can vary in length from half a day to two days. To cover costs, it is necessary to charge workshop participants a workshop fee, which is separate from the main conference fee. Workshop attendees do not need to register for the main IJCAI conference but are encouraged to do so. IJCAI reserves the right to cancel workshops whose attendance does not support their running costs.  
 Important Dates  
 February 3, 2023 | : Proposal submission deadline (anywhere on earth) 
  March 6, 2023: | Acceptance notification 
  August 19-21, 2023: | IJCAI 2023 workshops 
  Requirements for Proposal Submission  
 Each proposal should contain the following information:  
  Brief CVs of organizing committee members, including a list of key publications demonstrating scholarship in the field and a list of workshops previously arranged, if any. 
  Selection Process  
 The Workshop Program Committee will make the selection of workshops. It will be based on multiple factors, including the scientific/ technical appeal of the topics concerning the anticipated IJCAI audience, the quality of the proposal, the balance and distinctness of topics across all workshops, the history of past attendance for non-first-time workshops, and the experience of the organizing committee. We may request proposers addressing similar or overlapping content areas to merge their proposals.  
 Responsibilities  
 For all accepted proposals, IJCAI will be responsible for providing publicity for the workshop series, logistic support, and a meeting place for the workshop.  
 Workshop organizers will be responsible for the following:  
 Setting up a website for the workshop and providing its URL to the workshop chairs. 
  Advertising the particular workshop and issuing a call for participation/contributions. 
  Make a list of special audio-visual and any special room requirements, if any, available to the Local Chair of IJCAI 2023. 
  Ensuring that the workshop organizers and the participants register for the workshop and are invited to register for the main conference. 
  Coordinating and moderating workshop participation and content. 
  Publishing a preliminary workshop program on the workshop’s web page before registration starts. 
  Devising a schedule that meshes with shared breaks. 
  For each running workshop, there will be two free workshop registrations. The workshop organizers will be free to allocate them according to their preferences. Please send all enquiries about the workshops to the IJCAI 2023 Workshop Chairs, Hadi Hosseini (Penn State University, US) and Viviana Mascardi (the University of Genova, IT), at the email workshops@ijcai-23.org  .  
 © 2024 IJCAI 2023  
 Video Recordings 
  Call for Robot Exhibition 
  Grants  Expand child menu  Expand | Call for Volunteers 
  IJCAI-AIJ 2023 Travel and Accessibility Grant Program 
  Committees  Expand child menu  Expand | Conference 
  Program Committee 
  Program  Expand child menu  Expand | Program at-a-glance 
  Full Schedule 
  Paper Schedule 
  Accepted papers  Expand child menu  Expand | Main Track 
  Special Track on AI for Good 
  Journal Track 
  Sister Conferences Track 
  Distinguished Paper Awards 
  Invited Speakers 
  Special Track on AI, the Arts and Creativity 
