Conference | Conference | About IJCRS 2023 
  Paper Submission, Fees & Registration 
  Important Dates 
  Organization Committees 
  Contact 
 October 5-8, 2023 / Kraków, Poland  
 International Joint Conference on Rough Sets  
 Photos from conference   
 Honorary patronage Mayor of Krakow   
 About IJCRS 2023  
 Download Call for Papers   
 Conference Program   
 The 2023 International Joint Conference on Rough Sets (IJCRS 2023) will take place in Krakow (Poland) from October 5 to October 8, 2023, and will be hosted by the Department of Applied Computer Science of the AGH University of Science and Technology. IJCRS is the principal international conference sponsored by the International Rough Set Society (IRSS).  
  The aim of the IJCRS conference is to be the main location for disseminating novel foundational results and practical applications, enabling the discussion of problems and exchange of ideas, as well as bringing together academic and industrial perspectives, centred around rough sets and related disciplines (such as granular computing, three-way decisions and fuzzy sets).  
 Best regards,  
  Dominik Slezak, Jaroslaw Was, JingTao Yao  
  Conference Chairs of IJCRS 2023  
 Paper Submission, Fees & Registration  
 There are two types of submissions:  
 Full papers (12–16 pages) will be published in the LNCS/LNAI Springer post-proceedings 
  Both forms will be treated equally: when designing the conference program of oral presentations 
  when selecting materials for the special issue in one of international journals 
  Papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. All accepted papers must be presented at the conference, and will be published in the conference post-proceedings, both in print and digitally. (By Springer in the LNCS/LNAI series, barring any unforeseen circumstances.)  
 Abstracts may describe work-in-progress as well as research that has been published elsewhere during the past year. Abstracts will not be included in the post-proceedings but must be presented at the conference.  
 All submissions must be prepared in the LNCS/LNAI Springer format   
 Registration fee is the necessary condition to include a paper / abstract in the conference program.  
  Note that for this edition IJCRS will have post-proceedings: informal pre-proceedings will be shared for exclusive use of the conference participants before the conference.  
 Papers on the topics of the conference (see list below) that have been rejected as borderline from ECAI are welcome for submission to IJCRS and will be considered and re-reviewed in the context of IJCRS.  
 Each submitted paper will be reviewed by at least three independent and anonymous reviewers.  
 REGISTRATION  
 Cancellations made after September 25, 2023 are non-refundable  
 Important Dates  
 Main track and Special Sessions Paper submission deadline: August 31, 2023 
  Notification of acceptance: September 14, 2023 
  Revised version deadline: September 25, 2023 
  Early registration deadline: September 25, 2023 
  Conference: October 5-8, 2023 
  Camera-ready deadline: October 15, 2023 
 Organization Committees  
 Special sessions  
 For submission dealines see Important Dates  .  
 Data Analytics in Cybersecurity and IoT Applications | Organizers: Marcin Michalak (bio)  , Piotr Synak (bio) | Pattern discovery, 
 QED Software  creates advanced technological components that enable fast and cost-efficient implementation of artificial intelligence systems. For many years, we have been supporting scientific research in the field of artificial intelligence, in particular in the area of rough sets.  
  This year, as the strategic partner of IJCRS 2023 and, at the same time, the silver sponsor of ECAI 2023  and the strategic partner of FedCSIS 2023  , we have two special offers for our friends and participants:  
  2. Anyone who registers for IJCRS 2023 can register for free for the Rough Set School organized as a part of FedCSIS 2023.  
  If you are interested, please send an email to Dominik Ślęzak  .  
  We invite you to participate jointly in the IJCRS 2023, ECAI 2023 and FedCSIS 2023 conferences!  
 Online Stream  
 Special Journal Issues  
 Research results presented at IJCRS 2023 will be considered for special issues that are being prepared by the chairs in the following journals:  
 International Journal of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science 
  Information Sciences 
 FREE TRAVEL ON PUBLIC TRANSPORT FOR CONFERENCE PARTICIPANTS  
 The City of Krakow provided our participants with free travel on public transport from 5 - 8 October. Rides are free with a conference badge with a stick-on hologram. Each participant will receive one during the conference.  
  PLEASE NOTE:  
 You do not need to validate tickets on the trams and buses. In case of ticket control, the conference ID must be shown.  
  Download a map  to see venue location in AGH campus.  
 The conference will be held in building C-2. The entrance is from Czarnowiejska street.  
  Lunches and coffee will be served in the Lunch Room located near the Conference Venue at level 4.  
 Conference Series Organizer  
