Welcome to ISKE 2023  
  Call for Papers | Call for Papers 
  Call for Special Session 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  General Info. | Conference Program 
 This conference aims to provide a platform for technical and scientific professionals from academia, research and industries in the fields of intelligent systems and knowledge engineering to exchange knowledge and distribute the emerging state-of-the-art technologies. ISKE 2023 accepts submissions that have not been published or submitted in any form elsewhere. Besides technical and research papers, submissions reporting on industrial case studies are also welcome. Accepted papers will be published in a conference proceeding. The proceedings will be submitted for indexing by EI Compendex and Scopus after the conference. Special issues of several SCI indexed journals will be devoted to a strict refereed selection of extended papers.  
 Call for Papers  
 ISKE 2023 accepts submissions that have not been published or submitted in any form elsewhere. Besides technical and research papers, submissions reporting on industrial case studies are also welcome.The topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Artificial Intelligent Methodology and System 
  Knowledge Engineering and Management 
 Call for Special Sessions  
 Researchers interested in organizing special sessions are kindly invited to submit formal proposals to IEEE ISKE 2023.  
  Proposal Instruction   
 The session chairs are responsible for the review process of the papers submitted to the sessions via the Easychair. These papers will be peer-reviewed by at least two reviewers. The accepted papers and review reports must be submitted to the conference committee.  
 A special session proposal should include:   ²   Session title   
 ²   Brief description of the scope and motivation   
  Proposal Template   
 The template for proposal submission is available here in DOC  .   
  Submission Instruction   
 The authors are required to submit their papers to a Special Session by ISKE 2023 EasyChair Account  indicating the name or the number of the Special Session (in the title of your paper).   
 Learn More    
 Important Dates  
 We are looking forward to your contribution and participation in ISKE 2023! Please pay attention to the important dates.   
   June 30, 2023   July 31, 2023    
 Full Paper Submission Deadline   
   July 31, 2023   August 31, 2023    
 Acceptance Notification Deadline   
   May 20, 2023   
 Special Session Submission Deadline   
    June 20, 2023   
  Special Session Acceptance Notification Deadline   
   September 30, 2023   October 30, 2023    
 Camera-Ready Paper Submission Deadline   
   November 17-19, 2023  
 Conference Dates   
 ISKE 2023 Publication  
 The accepted papers passed through the peer-reviewed process after proper registration and presentation will be published into conference proceedings, in order to meet the quality requirement of IEEE, then the proceeding will be submitted to IEEE Xplore, EI compendex and Scopus.  
 The best paper(s) awarded in ISKE23 will be nominated to submit their extended version to Knowledge-based systems.  
 Latest News  
 Supported by  
 Copyright © 2023 IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Knowledge Engineering (ISKE 2023)