  Accepted Papers 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Important Dates 
  Organisers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Important Dates 
  Organisers 
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings are accessible from the following link. Free access for conference participants will be granted until 31 January 2024.  
 Invited Speakers  
 Regularization in Probabilistic Inductive Logic Programming   
  Elisabetta Gentili, Alice Bizzarri, Damiano Azzolini, Riccardo Zese and Fabrizio Riguzzi  
 Towards ILP-based LTL f  passive learning   
  Antonio Ielo, Mark Law, Valeria Fionda, Francesco Ricca, Alessandra Russo and Giuseppe De Giacomo  
 Learning Strategies of Inductive Logic Programming Using Reinforcement Learning   
 Call for Papers  
 We solicit submissions in all areas of learning in logic and multi-relational data mining. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Theory of ILP, foundations of logical & relational learning, computational learning theory. 
  Learning in various logical representations and formalisms, such as logic programming & answer set programming, first-order & higher-order logic, description logic & ontologies. 
  Statistical relational learning, including structure/parameter learning for probabilistic logic languages, relational probabilistic graphical models, kernel-based methods, neural-symbolic learning. 
  Meta-interpretative learning & predicate invention. 
  Semi-supervised & unsupervised relational learning. 
  Methods for scaling-up ILP, parallel & distributed relational learning. 
  Incremental & online relational learning, learning from data streams. 
  Applications of ILP. 
  We solicit three types of submissions:  
 Conference papers, describing original work with appropriate experimental evaluation and/or a self-contained theoretical contribution. Submitted conference papers should not have been published, or be under review for a journal, or another conference with published proceedings. | Conference papers may be either long papers, of up to 15 pages, including references, or short papers of up to 6-9 pages, including references. | Long papers should contain a substantial contribution that justifies their length, e.g. proofs of extensive experimental studies. Accepted conference papers will be published by the Springer LNAI conference proceedings. 
  Late-breaking abstracts, briefly outlining novel ideas and proposals that the authors would like to present at the conference. These could include e.g. original work in progress without conclusive experimental findings, or other relevant work, not yet ready for publication. Submissions of late-breaking abstracts will be accepted/rejected on the grounds of relevance. Accepted late-breaking abstracts will be published on the conference website. | Late-breaking abstracts must not exceed 4 pages, including references. 
  Recently published papers relevant to ILP, or papers recently accepted for publication by a first-class conference such as ECML/PKDD, ICML, KDD, ICDM, AAAI, IJCAI, etc. or journal such as MLJ, DMKD, JMLR etc. These will be accepted/rejected on the grounds of relevance and quality of the original publication venue. For papers of this category a link to the original work will be published on the conference website. Authors should submit the abstract and the PDF file of the original submission, specifying in the abstract the original venue where the paper was accepted in addition to the acceptance date. Authors submitting a recently published paper should submit it through IJCLR’s “Recently Published Papers Track” option from the | submission page | . 
  All accepted papers will be assigned a presentation slot at the conference. Long conference papers will be assigned an extended slot, while short conference papers, late-breaking abstracts and recently published papers will be assigned a reduced slot.  
 Additionally, authors of accepted papers will have the opportunity to present their papers during the joint poster sessions. At least one of the authors of accepted papers/late-breaking abstracts must register for the conference and present their work.  
 Publication  
 Conference papers (either short or long) will be included in the conference proceedings, to be published by Springer Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) Series.  
 Late Breaking abstracts will be published on the conference website. A link to recently published papers will be uploaded to the conference website.  
 Paper submission  
 Submissions will be handled by EasyChair  . To submit a paper to ILP, authors are invited to follow the submission link and select the ILP track. For recently published papers please use the “Recently Published Papers Track”.  
 Submissions must be in Springer LNCS format  , according to the Springer LNCS author instructions. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available in Overleaf  . We encourage authors and editors of proceedings to include their ORCIDs  in the proceedings. Already published papers should be submitted in their original format and the authors should indicate the original publication venue.  
 Important Dates (Extended)   
 Note that all dates are AoE.  
 ILP Conference | Abstract submission  
  (long & short conference papers)  
  Extended! | 6th July 2023   
  26th June 2023 
 Paper submission  
  (long & short conference papers)  
  Extended! | 13th July 2023   
  3rd July 2023 
 Author notification | 25th August 2023 
 Camera-ready due | 8th September 2023 
 Late-breaking abstracts &  
  already published papers submission | 1st September 2023 
 Author notification | 15th September 2023 
 ILP Conference | 13-15th November 2023 
  Organisers  
 Sponsors and Awards  
 The ILP conference gives best paper awards in the following categories:  
 The Best Paper Award  will be chosen among the long papers submitted at the conference.  
 And the winner is…  
 Towards ILP-based LTL f  passive learning    
  Antonio Ielo, Mark Law, Valeria Fionda, Francesco Ricca, Alessandra Russo and Giuseppe De Giacomo  
 The Best Student Paper Award  will be chosen among the long papers submitted at the conference. To qualify for either student paper award, the first author had to be a student at the time of submitting the paper.  
 And the winner is…  
  Elisabetta Gentili, Alice Bizzarri, Damiano Azzolini, Riccardo Zese and Fabrizio Riguzzi  
   Past Conferences  
 ILP 2022  , Cumberland Lodge, Windsor Great Park, United Kingdom  
