  Call for Reviewers 
  Submission Streams | Academic Stream 
  iLEAD Stream 
  Doctoral Colloquium (DC) 
  Call for Papers 
  Organizing Committee 
  Submission Information | Academic Stream 
  Doctoral Colloquium (DC) 
  iLEAD Stream 
  Springer Publication Camera-Ready Version Instructions 
  iLRN Publication Camera-Ready Version Instructions 
  Special Tracks | Special Track 1: Immersive Learning across Latin America 
  Special Track 2: Sustainable Development and Immerse Learning in the Climate Emergency 
  5th iLRNFuser Game Jam 
  Alternate Reality Game: Project Vanguard 
  Program | Online Program (June 3 - 5) 
  Scotland Program (June 10 - 13) 
  iLEAD Program 
  Keynote & Featured Speakers 
  CHEX 
  Knowledge Tree 
  Conferences | iLRN Annual Conference 
  iLRN2023 
  Metaverse Adventures 
  More 
  Resources | FAIDS Design Standards 
  iLRN Publications 
  YouTube Channel 
  The Versatilist Podcast 
  More 
  Volunteer for iLRN 
  iLRN Store 
  More | More 
    Everywhere 
 "Co-creating  the professional association advancing the quality of immersive learning to benefit humanity and our world." 
  We are happy to announce a Call for Papers for a special issue in the journal "Computers & Education: X Reality", which is organized with iLRN and invites selected papers submitted to and presented at the 9th and 10th iLRN conferences to submit extended versions. However, submissions from the academic community are welcomed, regardless of whether they were part of the iLRN conferences.  
  Overview  
  The integration of immersive technologies—such as Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR), and Mixed Reality (MR)—into educational environments has shown significant potential to transform the learning experience. However, the rapid adoption of these technologies has outpaced the development of comprehensive, evidence-based frameworks that guide their practical implementation and evaluation in diverse educational contexts.  
  Immersive Learning is emerging from multi-disciplinary research in Computer Science, Game Design, UX, the Learning Sciences, and other fields that apply Immersive Learning in context. This special issue of Computers & Education: X Reality aims to bridge the gap between theory and practice in immersive learning by bringing together research that explores theoretical foundations and builds robust frameworks grounded in empirical evidence. We seek contributions that provide insights into how immersive technologies can be systematically integrated into educational settings to enhance learning outcomes, showing effective practices in immersive learning, addressing educational challenges and the technical affordances of tools and frameworks that are both scalable and sustainable.  
  Likewise, we welcome submissions from the academic community, regardless of whether they were part of the iLRN conferences.  
  Topics of Interest  
  This special issue invites scholars, practitioners, and technologists to contribute to the evolving landscape of immersive learning by providing research that advances theoretical understanding and offers practical, evidence-based solutions for educators worldwide.  
  Case studies showcasing the integration of immersive technologies in various educational settings. Design and development of immersive learning environments. Best practices for implementing VR/AR/MR in classrooms, labs, and remote learning contexts. Evidence-Based Frameworks  
  Empirical studies evaluating the effectiveness of immersive learning tools and environments. Longitudinal studies on the impact of immersive learning on student engagement, motivation, and outcomes. Frameworks for assessing and improving the accessibility and usability of immersive learning technologies. Technological Innovations  
  Emerging tools and platforms for immersive learning. Interdisciplinary approaches to enhancing immersive learning experiences. Future trends and challenges in the adoption of XR technologies in education. Submission Guidelines  
  Authors are invited to submit original manuscripts that have not been previously published and are not currently under consideration for publication elsewhere. We expect final articles, not abstracts. All submissions will undergo a rigorous peer-review process. Manuscripts should be prepared according to the journal's standard guidelines and submitted through the Computers & Education: X Reality online submission system: Editorial Manager®.  
  Please refer to the Guide for Authors to prepare the manuscript and select the article type “VSI: Immersive Learning" when submitting your manuscript online.  
  Important Dates  
  Manuscript Submission Deadline: December 15, 2024  
  Guest Editors  
  We look forward to receiving your contributions to this essential and timely special issue.  
  ANNOUNCEMENT   Prof. Daniela Pedrosa steps up to take the Role of iLRN Publications Managing Editor!    The Immersive Learning Research Network is happy to announce that Prof. Daniela Pedrosa will assume the role of iLRN Publications Managing Editor.  
  Prof. Daniela Pedrosa has contributed to iLRN for several years across various roles, including four years as Publications Chair on the iLRN Organizing Committee, where she led the editorial team with great commitment. Beyond her role as author and reviewer for several editions, Dr. Pedrosa was the organizer of the Special Track SCILE (Self and Co-Regulated Learning with Immersive Learning Environments), which, due to its success and impact, has now become an official track of the iLRN conference. Her vision is to continue shaping the content and direction of research in immersive learning and educational technologies, particularly in SCILE.  
  VIRTUAL CAMPUS   Our iLRNetwork Virtual Campus is open!    University student use of the iLRN Virtual Campus XR groups meet for presentations & exploration iLRN Volunteers starting Campus Co-design - now building a spooky Halloween party! Beginning construction of iLRN's Foundations Research Library on campus on the immersive learning principles of Computer Science, Games, & the Learning Sciences Our new iLRN Frame VR Campus opened to attendees of the 10th annual iLRN Conference last June 2024. Of the collection of 25 Frame buildings on the new campus, most iLRN2024 activity took place on the dual Frame campus "hub" - that is, our Orange and Blue Exhibit Halls, respectively - where presenters from BOTH online and face-to-face (Scotland) conference venues had opportunity to place a poster and interact with visitors. Note that both virtual campus halls are always open to iLRN members and these fantastic immersive learning posters are still there for your perusal!  
  Indeed, the campus is crawling with network activity, as various initiatives sprout up in Teaching/Learning, UX/Design, and Research/Knowledge Sharing!  
  A few iLRN Frame VR Campus Highlights:  
  Summer '24, Doug Wilson invited his Learning, Design, and Technology students at George Mason University to meet regularly in our iLRN Student Center and explore the network co-designed FrameVR Campus. Dr. Wilson and iLRN campus staff offered the use of Frame VR's custom permissions to allow students an opportunity to pitch ideas, co-create and try out the campus' possibility spaces. > > > >  
  The Immersive Learning Research Network's campus is open to university member/partners in myriad different ways!  
  game jams or hackathons research talks independent student projects pedagogical or computer science design experiments international co-lab spaces In other campus activity, Randall Rode brought the EduCAUSE XR Community Group to the iLRN campus in August for exploration and discussion in the Circle of Scholars (CoS) amphitheater. Dr. Rode is presently supporting iLRN to co-develop our Community of Scholars in Immersive Learning, including public and members-only meetings in the CoS amphitheater.  
  > > > > > Bring YOUR immersive experience design group or team to the iLRN Campus for exploration or meeting!  
  Now that fall semester has arrived and universities are well underway with courses, the campus has picked up our activity and the iLRN Volunteers are more systematically managing our co-creations and other events on campus. They use our iLRN General Discord Server as a means of collaborating, working across time zones, skill sets, and campus design requests but they're ALWAYS doing something fun too and our twice-a-month meetings are always eye-opening and full of laughter and connections.  
  Lately, we've been working on turning a number of our campus buildings into our "HAUNTED VIRTUAL CAMPUS" - now in our 5th year!  
  (so I guess it's a tradition?). . . .  
  We're putting up some cryptic AI bots who speak of VR like a kooky steampunk character and grumpily invite you to check out other haunted spaces and leave them alone to their alarming experiments...  
  and finally, our lead iLRN Campus Volunteer Sarah Barker has been building a prototype Frame VR Research Library in our House 1, the "trunk" of our Knowledge Tree representing the BIG THREE disciplines that fundamentally contribute to hiqh quality Immersive Learning experiences: (1) Computer Science, (2) UX/Game Design and (3) The Learning Sciences. We are so excited of the possibilities of Sarah's contribution (check out her work on our Affiliate Partner's XR Women's Frame VR space!) and look to similarly build out 12 applied areas in Frames across our campus:  
  dddd  
  ~ Do YOU have an idea on how you'd like to make use of our iLRN Virtual Campus?  
  iLRNetwork Members, contact us for arranging a tour and exploring the possibilities TODAY! 
  ANNOUNCEMENT   Randall Rode steps in as new iLRN Membership Director!    The Immersive Learning Research Network is happy to announce our newest member of our Board of Directors! Randall will be stepping in as iLRN's Membership Director to lead in the growth of our association of immersive learning professionals. Rode is an innovator with educational uses of virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and other extended reality (XR) technologies in support of research and teaching activities, with a particular emphasis on medicine and health. His is a prominent voice in uses of XR in higher education and medical settings, leading conversations and explorations with peer institutions and industry XR developers, and he's a frequent speaker at higher-education conferences on the topic of XR, an organizer of XR workshops for higher education institutions and facilitator of the Educause higher education Extended Reality(XR) in Education community forum.  
  Instructional design is a strong part of Randy's professional background, and an important part of his approach to serving the students and the faculty he supports. He is currently working with several departments at Southern Connecticut State University on XR initiatives including workforce training workshops and a computer science XR development elective. Previous work includes leading the Blended Reality applied research project at Yale, managing the implementation of an AR based anatomy teaching application for the Yale School of Medicine and serving as an instructor/designer for online user-centered design curriculum at Quinnipiac University.  
  iLRN is proud to offer a seat at our board table for Randy's expert contributions and leadership to the emerging field of Immersive Learning!  
  ANNOUNCEMENT   Prof. Leonel Morgado Steps Down from iLRN Board, Continues Active Role in the Community    The Immersive Learning Research Network (iLRN) announces that Prof. Leonel Morgado has stepped down from his position on the Board of Directors, effective at the conclusion of our recent conference. Prof. Morgado has been a foundational member of iLRN for the past decade and has served on the Board of Directors for five and a half years, contributing significantly to our growth and success.  
  In his former roles as Vice-President and Director for Scientific Quality, Prof. Morgado led the successful inclusion of the annual iLRN conference in the CORE rankings and worked continuously with conference organizers to sustain and improve the scientific quality while maintaining the community and welcoming spirit of our event and organization. His contributions to the Knowledge Tree are enabling immersive learning researchers to employ solid theoretical grounding, replicable methods, and common terminology to further develop the field.  
  While he is stepping down from the board, Prof. Morgado will continue to play an active role within iLRN as a member of the Steering Committee, Circle of Scholars, and Knowledge Tree. He will remain involved helping to enhance the global relevance of our field.  
  "I believe iLRN is poised to become a major reference organization in immersive learning research and practice," said Prof. Morgado. "By stepping down, I hope to open opportunities for other researchers to take on this role and bring new energy and ideas to our community."  
  We are grateful for Prof. Morgado's unwavering dedication and are delighted that he will continue to contribute to iLRN's mission. Please join us in thanking him for his service and in looking forward to his ongoing involvement.  
  iLRN remains strongly committed to Scientific Quality as a key value and pursuit for the iLRN community and with Prof. Morgado’s help are seeking a new Director to join our board to continue innovative and capacity building for the immersive learning sciences. 
 iLRN Knowledge Tree: For Research and Evidence-based Practice 
  Immersive Futures: For Futurists and Change Managers 
  Innovation Garden: For Designers & Immersive Educators 
  Join our community of research, design, and practice of high quality immersive learning environments!    
 Join iLRN! 
 Upcoming Events | Dec  04 | Immersive Tech Week    04 December 2024   
  Until   
  06 December 2024 
  Home 
      Theme | iLRN (Default) 
  Manual Theme 
  Privacy Policy 
  Call for Reviewers 
  Submission Streams | Back 
  Academic Stream 
  iLEAD Stream 
  Call for Papers 
  Organizing Committee 
  Submission Information | Back 
  Academic Stream 
  Doctoral Colloquium (DC) 
  iLEAD Stream 
  Springer Publication Camera-Ready Version Instructions 
  iLRN Publication Camera-Ready Version Instructions 
  Special Tracks | Back 
  Special Track 1: Immersive Learning across Latin America 
  Alternate Reality Game: Project Vanguard 
  Program | Back 
  Online Program (June 3 - 5) 
  Scotland Program (June 10 - 13) 
  iLEAD Program 
  Keynote & Featured Speakers 
  Knowledge Tree 
  Conferences | Back 
  iLRN Annual Conference 
  iLRN2023 
  Metaverse Adventures 
  Resources | Back 
  FAIDS Design Standards 
  iLRN Publications 
  YouTube Channel 
  The Versatilist Podcast 
  Volunteer for iLRN 
  iLRN Store 
 ×   Create New...