   IEEE/IFIP Network Operations and Management Symposium   
 8–12 May 2023 // Miami, FL // USA   
 Toggle navigation      Home 
  TECHNICAL SESSIONS 
  MINI-CONFERENCE 
  SHORT PAPER SESSIONS 
  EXPERIENCE SESSIONS 
  DEMO SESSIONS 
 In addition to being an historical event for the scientific community, NOMS 2023 will host an exciting program including keynotes, panels, technical sessions, demo sessions, dissertation session, mini-conference sessions, poster sessions, tutorials, and workshops. These events provide rich opportunities for participants to learn, share, exchange, and set the current and future directions and developments of network operations and management.  
 NOMS 2023 comes at the right time where the networks and services play a critical role in new value creation, businesses growth but also in contributing to the development of humanity.  
 This year's theme is “Integrated Management Towards Resilient Networks and Services.”  
 Technologies evolve at a fast pace in networking: 5G networks are being deployed and 6G network technological components are already developed and the overall architecture is in an active specification phase. Softwarization is being generalized at all levels of the protocol stacks and agile processes are in place to speed up dynamic service delivery and quality assurance across the globe and beyond. Digital twins of networks emerge to ease and automate the huge demand on monitoring, control and management of the underlying highly dynamic environments. Finally, numerous machine learning approaches are already utilized for optimized control, security and management.  
 Recent history has shown that the dynamics and manageability of networks are major value to maintain connectivity and service quality under extreme external conditions like the pandemics or in a situation of war. All-level programmability also opens new challenges to make the complex task of networking resilient.  
 NOMS 2023 is becoming a reality thanks to the involvement of all those in the network and service management community who share their passion for the field and who spend time to its development: participants, sponsors, authors, PhD and Master students, engineers working in the field, TPC co-chairs and members, Workshop, tutorial, session organizers and many more. As General Co-Chairs, we are extremely proud and happy to help the field grow !  
 Patrons  
