  Workshops 
  Jobs | UK Jobs 
  Job Listing Submission 
  Contact Us | IMA Staff 
  myIMA 
 Home   » Events   » Conferences   » 19th IMA International Conference on Cryptography and Coding    
 Event  
  Date: Tuesday December 12, 2023  - Thursday December 14, 2023   
 Programme   
 Royal Holloway Final Information – Maps, Parking and Accommodation   
 Abstract   
 Padlet   
 Feedback  Survey  
 The mathematical theory and practice of both cryptography and coding underpins the provision of effective security and reliability for data communication, processing and storage. This nineteenth International Conference in an established and successful IMA series on the theme of “Cryptography and Coding” solicits original research papers on all technical aspects of cryptography and coding.  
  Submissions are welcome on any cryptographic or coding-theoretic topic including, but not limited to:  
  • Foundational theory and mathematics;  
 Come and present your latest original ideas and results on any cryptographic or coding-theoretic topic with a poster at IMACC23!  
  Notification of acceptance will be on 10th November 2023  .  
 Important Dates   
 – Submission Deadline: 12th July 2023 – CLOSED  
  – Author Notification: 6th September 2023  
  – Proceedings Version Deadline: 25th September 2023  
  – Poster Abstract Deadline: 3rd November 2023  
  – Registration Deadline- 7th December 2023  
  – Conference: 12-14th December 2023  
 Organising Committee  
 Conference Fee – Includes your pass for the whole conference, refreshments and lunch.  
 If you are an IMA Member or you have previously registered for an IMA conference, then you are already on our database. Please “request a new password” using the email address previously used, to log in. Register for the conference using this link   
 Accommodation   
 Code of Conduct  
 We are committed to providing an experience free of harassment and discrimination at the IMA CC conference, respecting the dignity of every participant.  
  If you experience harassment or discriminatory behaviour at IMA CC, we encourage you to reach out to the Conference Chair Elizabeth Quaglia.  
  Participants who violate this code may be sanctioned and/or expelled from the event, at the discretion of the Conference Chair. Any action will only be taken with the consent of the complaining party. UK law applies.  
  If you witness harassment or discriminatory behaviour, please consider intervening.  
 Image Credit: Photo by Charles Postiaux  on Unsplash  / CC BY-NC 2.0   
   Interview with Professor Paul Glendinning FRSE FIMA    
   Employers Forum - AI, automation and mathematics in…    
   IMA Maths in Music Conference    
 Published 1st February 2023     
 Important Links  
 Upcoming Events >>   
 27 Nov 2024  IMA David Youdan Medal Lecture and Awards Evening  
 9 Dec 2024  ECM VMT: Lifelong Mathematics Learning in Industry  
 11 Dec 2024  Christmas Lecture: Art-Design In The Automotive Industry  
 Become A Member  
 Upcoming Events >>   
 27 Nov 2024  IMA David Youdan Medal Lecture and Awards Evening  
 9 Dec 2024  ECM VMT: Lifelong Mathematics Learning in Industry  
 11 Dec 2024  Christmas Lecture: Art-Design In The Automotive Industry  
 © 2024 IMA. All Rights Reserved. Site by Measured Designs  .  
