IMC '23: Proceedings of the 2023 ACM on Internet Measurement Conference  
  Full Citation in the ACM Digital Library    
 SESSION: Replication  
  Georgios Smaragdakis 
  The Internet architecture has facilitated a multi-party, distributed, and heterogeneous physical infrastructure where routers from different vendors connect and inter-operate via IP. Such vendor heterogeneity can have important security and policy implications. For example, a security vulnerability may be specific to a particular vendor and implementation, and thus will have a disproportionate impact on particular networks and paths if exploited. From a policy perspective, governments are now explicitly banning particular vendors-or have threatened to do so.  
 Despite these critical issues, the composition of router vendors across the Internet remains largely opaque. Remotely identifying router vendors is challenging due to their strict security posture, indistinguishability due to code sharing across vendors, and noise due to vendor mergers. We make progress in overcoming these challenges by developing LFP, a tool that improves the coverage, accuracy, and efficiency of router fingerprinting as compared to the current state-of-the-art. We leverage LFP to characterize the degree of router vendor homogeneity within networks and the regional distribution of vendors. We then take a path-centric view and apply LFP to better understand the potential for correlated failures and fate-sharing. Finally, we perform a case study on inter and intra-United States data paths to explore the feasibility to make vendor-based routing policy decisions, i.e., whether it is possible to avoid a particular vendor given the current infrastructure.  
 IRRegularities in the Internet Routing Registry   
  Panagiotis Papadopoulos 
  Contemporary browsers constitute a critical component of our everyday interactions with the Web. Similar to a small, but powerful operating system, a browser is responsible to fetch and run web apps locally, on the user's (mobile) device. Even though in the last few years, there has been an increased interest for tools and mechanisms to block potentially malicious behaviours of web domains against the users' privacy (e.g., ad blockers, incognito browsing mode, etc.), it is still unclear if the user can browse the Web in private.  
 In this paper, we analyse the natively generated network traffic of 15 mobile browser apps under different configurations to investigate if the users are capable of browsing the Web privately, without sharing their browsing history with remote servers. We develop a novel framework (Panoptes) to instrument and monitor separately the mobile browser traffic generated by (a) the web engine and (b) natively by the mobile app. By crawling a set of websites via Panoptes, and analyzing the native traffic of browsers, we find that there are browsers (i) who persistently track their users, and (ii) browsers that report to remote servers (geolocated outside EU), the exact page and content the user is browsing at that moment. Finally, we see browsers communicating with third-party ad servers while leaking personal and device identifiers.  
 SESSION: Security 1  
  Haixin Duan 
  Min Zhang 
  Leveraging DNS for covert communications is appealing since most networks allow DNS traffic, especially the ones directed toward renowned DNS hosting services. Unfortunately, most DNS hosting services overlook domain ownership verification, enabling miscreants to host undelegated DNS records of a domain they do not own. Consequently, miscreants can conduct covert communication through such undelegated records for whitelisted domains on reputable hosting providers. In this paper, we shed light on the emerging threat posed by undelegated records and demonstrate their exploitation in the wild. To the best of our knowledge, this security risk has not been studied before.  
  Thorsten Holz 
  Christian Wressnegger 
  Measurement studies are essential for research and industry alike better understand the Web's inner workings and help quantify specific phenomena. Performing such studies is demanding due to the dynamic nature and size of the Web. Designing and setting up an experiment is a complex task, and many factors might affect the results. However, while several works have independently observed differences in the outcome of an experiment (e.g., the number of observed trackers) based on the measurement setup, it is unclear what causes such deviations. This work investigates the reasons for these differences by visiting 1.7M webpages with five different measurement setups. Based on this investigation, we build 'dependency trees' for each page and cross-compare the nodes in the trees. The results show that the measured trees differ considerably, that the cause of differences can be attributed to specific nodes, and that even identical measurement setups can produce different results.  
 Understanding the Privacy Risks of Popular Search Engine Advertising Systems   
  Björn Scheuermann 
  Michał Król 
  Interplanetary Filesystem (IPFS) is one of the largest peer-to-peer filesystems in operation. The network is the default storage layer for Web3 and is being presented as a solution to the centralization of the web. In this paper, we present a large-scale, multi-modal measurement study of the IPFS network. We analyze the topology, the traffic, the content providers and the entry points from the classical Internet. Our measurements show significant centralization in the IPFS network and a high share of nodes hosted in the cloud. We also shed light on the main stakeholders in the ecosystem. We discuss key challenges that might disrupt continuing efforts to decentralize the Web and highlight multiple properties that are creating pressures toward centralization.  
 Ethereum's Proposer-Builder Separation: Promises and Realities   
  Christof Ferreira Torres 
  Roger Wattenhofer 
  With Ethereum's transition from Proof-of-Work to Proof-of-Stake in September 2022 came another paradigm shift, the Proposer-Builder Separation (PBS) scheme. PBS was introduced to decouple the roles of selecting and ordering transactions in a block (i.e., the builder), from those validating its contents and proposing the block to the network as the new head of the blockchain (i.e., the proposer). In this landscape, proposers are the validators in the Proof-of-Stake consensus protocol, while now relying on specialized block builders for creating blocks with the highest value for the proposer. Additionally, relays act as mediators between builders and proposers. We study PBS adoption and show that the current landscape exhibits significant centralization amongst the builders and relays. Further, we explore whether PBS effectively achieves its intended objectives of enabling hobbyist validators to maximize block profitability and preventing censorship. Our findings reveal that although PBS grants validators the opportunity to access optimized and competitive blocks, it tends to stimulate censorship rather than reduce it. Additionally, we demonstrate that relays do not consistently uphold their commitments and may prove unreliable. Specifically, proposers do not always receive the complete promised value, and the censorship or filtering capabilities pledged by relays exhibit significant gaps.  
 SESSION: IoT  
  David Choffnes 
  Smart home IoT platforms are typically closed systems, meaning that there is poor visibility into device behavior. Understanding device behavior is important not only for determining whether devices are functioning as expected, but also can reveal implications for privacy (e.g., surreptitious audio/video recording), security (e.g., device compromise), and safety (e.g., denial of service on a baby monitor). While there has been some work on identifying devices and a handful of activities, an open question is what is the extent to which we can automatically model the entire behavior of an IoT deployment, and how it changes over time, without any privileged access to IoT devices or platform messages.  
 In this work, we demonstrate that the vast majority of IoT behavior can indeed be modeled, using a novel multi-dimensional approach that relies only on the (often encrypted) network traffic exchanged by IoT devices. Our key insight is that IoT behavior (including cross-device interactions) can often be captured using relatively simple models such as timers (for periodic behavior) and probabilistic state-machines (for user-initiated behavior and devices interactions) during a limited observation phase. We then propose deviation metrics that can identify when the behavior of an IoT device or an IoT system changes over time. Our models and metrics successfully identify several notable changes in our IoT deployment, including a camera that changed locations, network outages that impact connectivity, and device malfunctions.  
 In the Room Where It Happens: Characterizing Local Communication and Threats in Smart Homes   
  David Choffnes 
  Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez 
  The network communication between Internet of Things (IoT) devices on the same local network has significant implications for platform and device interoperability, security, privacy, and correctness. Yet, the analysis of local home Wi-Fi network traffic and its associated security and privacy threats have been largely ignored by prior literature, which typically focuses on studying the communication between IoT devices and cloud end-points, or detecting vulnerable IoT devices exposed to the Internet. In this paper, we present a comprehensive and empirical measurement study to shed light on the local communication within a smart home deployment and its threats. We use a unique combination of passive network traffic captures, protocol honeypots, dynamic mobile app analysis, and crowdsourced IoT data from participants to identify and analyze a wide range of device activities on the local network. We then analyze these datasets to characterize local network protocols, security and privacy threats associated with them. Our analysis reveals vulnerable devices, insecure use of network protocols, and sensitive data exposure by IoT devices. We provide evidence of how this information is exfiltrated to remote servers by mobile apps and third-party SDKs, potentially for household fingerprinting, surveillance and cross-device tracking. We make our datasets and analysis publicly available to support further research in this area.  
 Behind the Scenes: Uncovering TLS and Server Certificate Practice of IoT Device Vendors in the Wild   
  Piyush Kumar Sharma 
  Tor, one of the most popular censorship circumvention systems, faces regular blocking attempts by censors. Thus, to facilitate access, it relies on "pluggable transports" (PTs) that disguise Tor's traffic and make it hard for the adversary to block Tor. However, these are not yet well studied and compared for the performance they provide to the users. Thus, we conduct a first comparative performance evaluation of a total of 12 PTs-the ones currently supported by the Tor project and those that can be integrated in the future.  
 Our results reveal multiple facets of the PT ecosystem. (1) PTs' download time significantly varies even under similar network conditions. (2) All PTs are not equally reliable. Thus, clients who regularly suffer censorship may falsely believe that such PTs are blocked. (3) PT performance depends on the underlying communication primitive. (4) PTs performance significantly depends on the website access method (browser or command-line). Surprisingly, for some PTs, website access time was even less than vanilla Tor.  
 Based on our findings from more than 1.25M measurements, we provide recommendations about selecting PTs and believe that our study can facilitate access for users who face censorship.  
  Ben Leong 
 In this paper, we present the results of a comprehensive measurement study of the congestion control algorithm (CCA) implementations for 11 popular open-source QUIC stacks. We propose a new metric called Conformance-T that can help us identify the implementations with large deviations more accurately and also provide hints on how they can be modified to be more conformant to reference kernel implementations. Our results show that while most QUIC CCA implementations are conformant in shallow buffers, they become less conformant in deep buffers. In the process, we also identified five new QUIC implementations that had low conformance and demonstrated how low-conformance implementations can cause unfairness and subvert our expectations of how we expect different CCAs to interact. With the hints obtained from our new metric, we were able to identify implementation-level differences that led to the low conformance and derive the modifications required to improve conformance for three of them.  
 ECN with QUIC: Challenges in the Wild   
  Constantin Sander 
  Klaus Wehrle 
  Encrypted QUIC traffic complicates network management as traditional transport layer semantics can no longer be used for RTT or packet loss measurements. Addressing this challenge, QUIC includes an optional, carefully designed mechanism: the spin bit. While its capabilities have already been studied in test settings, its real-world usefulness and adoption are unknown. In this paper, we thus investigate the spin bit's deployment and utility on the web.  
  Oliver Gasser 
  Georgios Smaragdakis 
  In this paper, we show that utilizing multiple protocols offers a unique opportunity to improve IP alias resolution and dual-stack inference substantially. Our key observation is that prevalent protocols, e.g., SSH and BGP, reply to unsolicited requests with a set of values that can be combined to form a unique device identifier. More importantly, this is possible by just completing the TCP hand-shake. Our empirical study shows that utilizing readily available scans and our active measurements can double the discovered IPv4 alias sets and more than 30× the dual-stack sets compared to the state-of-the-art techniques. We provide insights into our method's accuracy and performance compared to popular techniques.  
 SESSION: Latency  
