 School of Design 
  India HCI 2023  
 November 23-25, 2023  
 Summary    
 Summary  
 India HCI 2023, a premier Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) conference hosted by the School of Design (SOD) at UPES Dehradun, successfully concluded its three-day event from November 23rd to 25th, 2023. With a remarkable 14-year history, the conference has been instrumental in advancing Indian HCI on the global stage, maintaining high publication standards through ACM Digital Library and the SCOPUS indexed database.  
 Over the course of the conference, participants engaged in thought-provoking panel discussions, attended enlightening keynote sessions, and explored diverse tracks such as Arts, Women and HCI, Start-Up, and more. The event facilitated knowledge exchange through courses, workshops, industry case studies, and presentations, showcasing the latest advancements in HCI.  
 The conference theme is “HCI for Enabling Creativity” and aims to initiate dialogues, debates, and discussions that enable synergies between Creativity and HCI. We invite authors to present bold ideas and research that further expand the boundaries of HCI research.  
 The conference provided an excellent platform for researchers, practitioners, and students to share their latest advancements insights, and experiences in the broad spectrum of HCI.  
 Activities during the Event  
  Full Papers Track 
  Posters & Demos 
  A schedule of Daily Posting was created by School Marketing Team with support from Marketing Interns. Gathering information on Highlights of the event with Instagram stories, posts, promos and video bytes of keynote speakers. A close watch was kept on Images and content being floated about India HCI to ensure brand guidelines are met in each post by students and faculties. Published Daily posts, Reels on SOD’s school Insta handle. We went Live on Insta from UPES official handle, publish stories about India HCI, Keynote speaker’s speech and interaction with students, faculty and mentors, images on student consortium presentations.  
 Gallery  
