  Flying Unicorn Startup Track 
  India HCI 2023     
 Home 
 Papers  
 Paper Chairs  
 Anirudha Joshi  
 Call for Papers  
 Extended Paper Submission Deadline (July 13, 2023) is Closed   
 India HCI 2023 is the 14th edition of the international conference series on Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) Design and Research. Sponsored by the HCI Professionals Association of India and in cooperation with ACM’s special interest group on computer-human interaction (SIGCHI), India HCI brings together researchers and practitioners from diverse areas that include traditional graphical & web user interfaces, tangible & ubiquitous computing virtual & augmented reality, multimedia, new input & output devices, computer games, privacy, security, visualisation, health, accessibility and ageing, design, user modelling, engineering interactive systems, ICT for development, CSCW, and more. India HCI provides a special spotlight on papers that are relevant to South Asia, including those related to culture, language, socio-economic situations, and the industry from the region. The intimate size, single track, and comfortable surroundings make this conference an ideal opportunity to exchange research results and implementation experiences.  
 Accepted papers will be published in the India HCI 2023 Conference Proceedings and will be included in the ACM Digital Library.  
 To submit, see the  India HCI Electronic Submission site  .   
 Papers   
 India HCI 2023 is the 14th edition of the international conference series on Human-Computer Interaction. Papers are the main medium for conveying new research results at India HCI. Submissions are sought that describe original unpublished work generally in the field of HCI. India HCI uses an anonymous submission process (similar to CHI) for paper submissions. Please consult the India HCI ‘23 Author’s Guide  for information on the ACM Paper Format (also mentioned below) and conference policies on previous and simultaneous publications. To preserve anonymity during review, the authors must remove their names and affiliations from the manuscript  . If authors have conducted relevant prior work, they must cite it appropriately while also referring to this work in third person. Authors can revise their submissions based on the reviews they receive, prior to submitting their camera-ready manuscripts. Until the camera-readies have been checked off by the programme committee, these must be considered conditionally accepted.  
 Topics of relevance include but are not limited to:   
  HCI for Creativity/ Creativity in HCI/ Creativity and HCI 
  Web 3.0/ Metaverse/ AR/VR/MR/ Avatar Psychology 
  A ll papers should be submitted electronically to  India HCI Electronic Submission site  by  July 13,  2023.   
 Paper Length   
 To be considered Full Papers, contributions should be more than six pages long (single column template). There is no hard page limit, but long papers without a proportional contribution are more likely to be rejected. Previous papers (if converted to the new ACM single-column format) would have run 14-18 pages in length.  
 Reviewing Process   
 All acceptances will be conditional pending changes that the papers committee may suggest or require for the final camera-ready draft of the paper. The primary author of each accepted paper will receive detailed instructions on how to submit a final, publication-ready version of the paper. The paper will not be formally accepted to India HCI until authors revise it and submit a final draft for approval by the programme committee. Some submissions may be asked to undergo a more intense shepherding process in order to bring them to the standard required for India HCI. The deadline for submitting the “camera ready” version after all changes will be September 30, 2023  . Additionally, at least one author of each paper needs to register for the conference by this date.  
 Associate Chairs   
 Dipanjan Chakraborty, BITS Pilani, Hyderabad Campus 
  Deepak Ranjan Padhi, IIT Bombay 
 ACM Paper Format   
 All authors should submit manuscripts in the ACM Paper Format using Microsoft Word Template, LaTeX Template, or Overleaf. [Please note that the Microsoft Word Template contains invisible meta-tags related to the paper format and structure. While writing the paper, authors are requested to add their content without altering any format and structure of the template.]  
 Authors’ Guide   
 Important Dates   
 July 13, 2023: Papers due (extended) 
  August 9, 2023: Authors will receive initial reviews of their papers 
  August 16, 2023: Rebuttals due 
  August 25, 2023: Authors will be notified of the decision and get final reviews 
  September 17, 2023: Paper needing shepherding decisions 
  September 30, 2023: Final camera-ready papers are due, and at least one author must register for the conference 
 © 2024 India HCI 2023. Created using WordPress