Conference Paper  Information visualisation theory and practice  
 University of Greenwich 
   Request full-text PDF   To read the full-text of this research, you can request a copy directly from the author.  
   Request full-text     
     Copy link  Link copied    
 To read the full-text of this research, you can request a copy directly from the author.   
 Citations (11)   
 Abstract  
 Participation in European Union research projects now requires the setting-up of a project Web site. This paper discusses the creation of the "Matrix" to facilitate the information visualisation of a project; experiments, data, and results, etc, i.e. information far beyond the promotional details of the Web site. The paper describes the theory of such an endeavour before proceeding to discuss the practical realities for this case study project. Finally, we consider any lessons that can be learnt from this real-world application.   
    Discover the world's research   
 To read the full-text of this research,  
  you can request a copy directly from the author.  
   Request full-text PDF     
 Article    
 Full-text available    
 Jan 2023 
 Tavga Mushir 
  E. Banissi 
 This review tells about the International Conference on Information Visualization that is held annually in London, England. Themes selected from the Conference Proceedings are focused on theoretical concepts, semantic approach to visualization, digital art, and involve 2D, 3D, interactive and virtual reality tools and applications. The focal point of the iV 05 Conference was the progress in information and knowledge visualization, visual data mining, multimodal interfaces, multimedia, web graphics, graph theory application, augmented and virtual reality, semantic web visualization, HCI, digital art, among many other areas such as information visualization in geology, medicine, industry and education.    
 View     
 Measuring InfoVis' Decision Support Effectiveness: From Theory to Practice    
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
  Zulikha Jamaludin 
 The need to evaluate Information Visualization (InfoVis) systems, just as other information systems (IS), cannot be overestimated. In its case, evaluating InfoVis has proved to be more challenging, because many of the previous evaluation studies have been on user interface of IS generally, with few attending to the peculiarities of InfoVis. The few InfoVis evaluations recorded have been mainly on its perceptual function through its interface evaluation, and others on its cognitive support through the knowledge discovery process. Evaluating InfoVis decision support effectiveness has been sparingly attended to. This experience is argued to be caused by insufficient explicit evaluation methods for InfoVis' associated abstract concepts –decision support as an example. This paper uses an unobtrusive research method involving thematic analysis of InfoVis-related theoretical literatures to characterize and categorize the InfoVis evaluation theories. The result presents perceptual, cognitive and decision supports as InfoVis evaluation paradigms. The theoretical characterization posited that these supports are sequential and of dependent phases. Finally, based on the theoretical argument and the findings, an evaluation framework for InfoVis' decision support effectiveness is proposed, and the process of its experimental evaluation is suggested.    
 View     
  Terry Scott 
 This paper describes the integrative, cooperative instruction in web design that applies art in technical instruction (programming). Students work in an interdisciplinary style drawing upon concepts from programming, web design, computer graphics, art, and design, both in the form of interdisciplinary studies and in a web construction and design class. Examples of student work support presentation.    
 View     
  Ruwang Sung 
 This paper describes the novel approach to cooperative, integrative instruction in science, and examines the effect of non-restrained, spontaneous creation of sketches, versus writings, on the effectiveness of student learning.    
 View     
  Sergio Monreal 
 "Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to analyse the way in which the insurance industry is facing the renewal of its regulatory framework with respect to the levels of solvency that insurance entities should maintain. This paper also addresses how technological initiatives in general, and the eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL), in particular, are making a key contribution to the process of adaptation to the new regulation. Design/methodology/approach – The paper analyses the particular advantages that the application of the XBRL standard can offer in this process, and highlight new lines for further research. Findings – After analysing the current situation of the insurance industry, the paper concludes that technological systems, such as XBRL, are necessary to support the consolidation of financial information, and to ensure the digital transparency of the insurer organisations that are engaged in this new regulatory challenge.    
 View     
  Sorin Dumitrescu 
 Unexpected fluctuations in exchange rates represent a matter of concern for all businesses nowadays as the volatility in exchange rates impacts businesses’ cash flows, revenues and expenses, and eventually is reflected in the company’s risk-return profile. Companies’ exposures to exchange rate risk have considerably increased in the past decades, given the boost in international operations and the continuous diversification of businesses’ activities at the global level. Despite the attention that businesses display to nominal exchange rates changes, it is the real exchange rate that should be of more concern to corporate managers, since they induce changes at the level of the competitiveness of the business. Our paper comparatively analyzes the exposure to changes in the nominal and real exchanges rates of the local currencies that companies from a number of four Central and Eastern European countries (Romania, Hungary, Czech Republic and Poland) and investigates the nature of the relationship between stock market performance and exchange rates in the four countries under consideration. We find limited evidence for contemporaneous and asymmetric exposure to nominal and real exchange rate risk in all four countries, but consistent evidence for three to four months lagged exposure.    
 View     
 Colin Ware 
 Most designers know that yellow text presented against a blue background reads clearly and easily, but how many can explain why, and what really are the best ways to help others and ourselves clearly see key patterns in a bunch of data? This book explores the art and science of why we see objects the way we do. Based on the science of perception and vision, the author presents the key principles at work for a wide range of applications--resulting in visualization of improved clarity, utility, and persuasiveness. The book offers practical guidelines that can be applied by anyone: interaction designers, graphic designers of all kinds (including web designers), data miners, and financial analysts.    
 View     
  Ben Shneiderman 
 This groundbreaking book defines the emerging field of information visualization and offers the first-ever collection of the classic papers of the discipline, with introductions and analytical discussions of each topic and paper. The authors' intention is to present papers that focus on the use of visualization to discover relationships, using interactive graphics to amplify thought. This book is intended for research professionals in academia and industry; new graduate students and professors who want to begin work in this burgeoning field; professionals involved in financial data analysis, statistics, and information design; scientific data managers; and professionals involved in medical, bioinformatics, and other areas. * Full-color reproduction throughout * Author power team - an exciting and timely collaboration between the field's pioneering, most-respected names * The only book on Information Visualization with the depth necessary for use as a text or as a reference for the information professional * Text includes the classic source papers as well as a collection of cutting edge work    
 View     
 Show abstract      
 Design and implementation of a website for a research group, Unpublished final year degree project   
 Discover more    
 Conference Paper    
 Study on Constraint Information Visualization in CSCD   
  Zhengqiang Mao 
  Liping Zheng 
  Constraint information is crucial content of CSCD. It becomes more complicated and various with the expanding application and hard to manage. In order to control collaborative design flow efficiently, detect constraint conflicts early and decrease contradiction extension speed, intuitive and vivid constraint information visualization method is created. This paper discusses detailed signification ... [Show full abstract]  and formalized description of constraint information visualization in CSCD based on classification and representations, puts forward two key procedures in visualization: one is counterpart modes between constraint information and available visualization techniques. The other one is harmony system of assessment based on constraint harmony concept. Crucial steps of constraint information visualization in CSCD such as constraint information mapping, dynamic track have been pointed out as well. The application of constraint information in collaborative design will give an important direction to complicated system control and complicated constraints management    
 Read more    
  Virginijus Marcinkevičius 
  Viktor Medvedev 
  In this paper, we present an approach of the web application (as a service) for data mining oriented to the multidimensional data visualization. This paper focuses on visualization methods as a tool for the visual presentation of large-scale multidimensional data sets. The proposed implementation of such a web application obtains a multidimensional data set and as a result produces a ... [Show full abstract]  visualization of this data set. It also supports different configuration parameters of the data mining methods used. Parallel computation has been used in the proposed implementation to run the algorithms simultaneously on different computers.    
 View full-text    
 Looking for the full-text?  
 You can request the full-text of this conference paper directly from the authors on ResearchGate.  
 Request full-text     
