 HandWiki. "Informing Science." Encyclopedia  . Web. 30 September, 2022.   
    Copy Citation   
  Illustration | : The meaning or implications of a particular theory are explained and clarified through an illustrative example. In the business literature, for example, nearly all practitioner-directed publications use this technique extensively. 
   We must never forget that our transdisciplinary mission demands that we view facilitating informing across the client disciplines as an important form of research. Providing a reader in one discipline with a novel perspective—even if that perspective is not necessarily novel in the discipline of the author—is a necessary part of transdisciplinary knowledge creation.   As a consequence of this expanded view of research, the journals and conferences sponsored by the ISI cover a very broad array of topics, research methods and styles of presentation.  
 3.2. Research Themes in Informing Science   
 Although much of the research in informing science does not fit within simple categories, there have been a number of themes that have captured the particular interest of researchers in the field. These include:  
 4.1. Journals   
 The ISI currently publishes thirteen journals, though two of these journals now function as passive repositories. Three of its journals are published in collaboration with other institutions. See Table 2 for a list of journals currently published solely by the ISI. These journals cover several common themes that have been established by the ISI. These include:  
 Free open access to the online version of every article is available as soon as each article is accepted for final publication and appropriately formatted 
  Articles are published under a Creative Commons license, allowing others to freely use their content (with proper attribution) 
 These are Muma Case Review  , Muma Business Review  , and International Journal of Community Development and Management Studies  . Partner journals agree to abide by the ISI's high standards for the treatment of authors and reviewers, but handle their own paper formatting and printing.  
 The ISI family of journals is also somewhat unusual for a U.S.-head quartered research publication in that a large percentage of its journals' editors and authors are situated outside of the United States. As shown in Figure 6, only about a third of its authors have been affiliated with U.S. academic institutions.  
 4.2. InSITE Conferences   
 InSITE: Connect | consists of study in various locations on the transmission of information across time and across space. Connect focuses on the interrelationship between context (his-torical forces and culture) and information and knowledge transfer. 
  InSITE: Inform | solicits papers in any area that explores issues in effectively and efficiently informing clients through information technology (IT). 
  InSITE: TeachIT | focuses on research topics related to teaching IT, including curricular is-sues, capstone courses, pedagogy, and emerging topics in IT. 
  InSITE: TeLE | focuses on research topics related to using IT to teach. For example, these topics include e-Learning, m-Learning, making classroom teaching more effective, and distance learning. 
  ISI has instituted a "fast track" process for article submissions to InSITE conferences. After all conference submissions have been reviewed, the editor-in-chiefs of ISI's seven journals identify articles that are of particularly high quality and are also a good fit with the journal's mission. Authors of these articles are then offered the opportunity to revise their submission for publication in the journal rather than in the conference proceedings.  
 4.3. Informing Science Press   
 Entry Collection:  HandWiki     
 Revision:  1 time  (View History)    
 Update Date:  30 Sep 2022    
 Table of Contents   
 © 2024 Encyclopedia is subsidized by MDPI  .   
 Disclaimer  Disclaimer/Publisher’s Note: The statements, opinions and data contained in all publications are solely those of the individual author(s) and contributor(s) and not of MDPI and/or the editor(s). MDPI and/or the editor(s) disclaim responsibility for any injury to people or property resulting from any ideas, methods, instructions or products referred to in the content.   
 Terms and Conditions  Private Policy    
 Help Center   
 Browse our user manual, common Q&A, author guidelines, etc.   
 Rate your experience   
