  News 
  Resources 
  IPCO 2023 @ Madison 
 Search for:      
 IPCO 2023 @ Madison  
 Home    /  IPCO 2023 @ Madison     
 The 24th Conference on Integer Programming and Combinatorial Optimization  
  Notifications: January 20, 2023   
  IPCO Summer School: June 19-20, 2023   
  IPCO Conference: June 21-23, 2023   
 The 24th Conference on Integer Programming and Combinatorial Optimization (IPCO XXIV) will take place on June 21–23, 2023 at the University of Wisconsin-Madison  , Madison (WI), USA. It will be organized by the Wisconsin Institute for Discovery  .  
 The conference will be preceded by a Summer School  (June 19-20).  
 The IPCO  conference is under the auspices of the Mathematical Optimization Society  and is held every year, except for those in which the International Symposium on Mathematical Programming takes place. The conference is a forum for researchers and practitioners working on various aspects of integer programming and combinatorial optimization. The aim is to present recent developments in theory, computation, and applications in these areas.  
 Call for Papers 
 Important Dates  
  Notifications: January 20, 2023  
 Scope  
 The IPCO conference is a forum for researchers and practitioners working on various aspects of integer programming and combinatorial optimization. The aim is to present recent developments in theory, computation, and applications. The scope of IPCO is viewed in a broad sense, to include algorithmic and structural results in integer programming and combinatorial optimization as well as revealing computational studies and novel applications of discrete optimization to practical problems.  
 Submission Guidelines and Instructions for Authors  
 The extended abstract – in Springer LNCS format – should not exceed 12 pages plus references. Please check the Springer Information for LNCS Authors for additional information. Appendices are allowed only if they fit within the 12 page limit. Submissions not following these guidelines will not be considered. It is allowed to put full versions of the submitted papers in an on-line repository.  
 The first page should contain the title, the authors’ names with their affiliations, and a short abstract. The introduction should be a broadly accessible exposition of the main ideas and techniques used to achieve the results, including motivation and a clear comparison with related work. In particular, the introduction should convey to the non-expert why the paper should be accepted to IPCO. Submitted extended abstracts will be reviewed according to the standards of top tier reviewed conferences. The main acceptance criteria used by the Program Committee are the quality and originality of the research, plus its interest to people working in the field. It is crucial that the importance of the work is understood by the committee. The claimed results must be correct and new.  
 A paper will not be considered in any of the following cases:  
 – It has already been published.  
  – It is under review by a journal or another conference with proceedings.  
  – It has a member of the Program Committee among its authors.  
  – It is submitted after the submission deadline.  
 It is not allowed to submit a paper that has been submitted to IPCO 2023 to a journal or a conference with proceedings before the IPCO 2023 notification date.  
 The submission server can be accessed here:  
 Best Paper Award  
 IPCO will present a Best Paper Award, to be chosen by the Program Committee.  
 Accepted Papers 
  Aleksandr M. Kazachkov and Egon Balas | Monoidal Strengthening of V-Polyhedral Disjunctive Cuts 
  Antonia Chmiela, Gonzalo Muñoz and Felipe Serrano | Monoidal strengthening and unique lifting in MIQCPs 
  Best Paper Award  
 The IPCO 2023 Best Paper Award, chosen by the Program Committee, goes to the paper From approximate to exact integer programming  by Daniel Dadush, Friedrich Eisenbrand, and Thomas Rothvoss.  
 Committees 
  NO SHOW:  Due to unforeseen circumstances, the authors were not able to give the talk. A video of the presentation, by Chris Ryan, is available here. 
 Call for Posters  
 IPCO 2023 will feature a poster session and a best poster award. The poster session will take place on June 21, 2023.  
 We particularly welcome posters from Ph.D. students and postdocs. Poster abstracts can be submitted here  . The abstract format is: a PDF file, one letter-size page maximum, one-inch margins, 11-point font, single-space. The deadline for poster abstract submissions is April 1, 2023.  
 The local committee will select poster presenters, subject to the number of available poster slots. A committee will evaluate posters during the poster session and select the best poster. We anticipate that we might be able to provide some travel support to a limited number of students.  
 The committee will communicate notifications of acceptance by April 15, 2023. Poster presenters are required to register for the conference.  
 Please contact posters-ipco@wid.wisc.edu  if you have any questions.  
 Accepted Posters 
  Daniel Szabo | Multiway Cuts with a Choice of Representatives 
  Best Poster Award  
 The IPCO 2023 Best Poster Award, goes to Evangelia Gergatsouli for the poster Opening Pandora’s Box: the Correlated Case,  joint work with Shuchi Chawla, Yifeng Teng, Christos Tzamos, and Ruimin Zhang).  
  Honorable Mentions Poster Awards go to Maral Shahmizad for the poster Political Districting to Minimize County Splits  , joint work with Austin Buchanan, and to Anthony Karahalios for the poster Column Elimination for Large-Scale Integer Programming  , joint work with Willem-Jan van Hoeve  
 The IPCO 2023 Best Poster Award was chosen by the Poster Award Committee: Victor Blanco (Granada), Jean Cardinal (ULB), Jannik Matuschke (KU Leuven), and Gonzalo Muñoz (O’Higgins).  
 Travel & Accommodations 
 Local Information  
 Conference and Summer School Venue  
 IPCO 2023 takes place at the University of Wisconsin-Madison which is located at Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Both the summer school and conference take place at the Discovery Building  . The Summer School will be in the Orchard View Room  (3rd floor), while the conference and the poster session will be in the DeLuca Forum  (1st floor).  
  See the map below for some points of interest discussed in this page and click here  for a bigger and complete view. A map of the campus can be found here  .  
 Conference Dinner  
 The conference banquet takes place in the Tripp Commons  room in the Memorial Union  on Thursday evening, June 22. Memorial Union can be reached by a 10 minute walk from the Discovery Building.  
 Lunch  
 There are several lunch venues within walking distance from the Discovery Building. Some recommended options are listed below, ordered by distance from the Discovery Building.  
  Williamson St 
  Getting Around  
 If you decide to stay in one of the recommended hotels, or any other hotel between campus and the Wisconsin State Capitol, the conference venue and most restaurants/bars are within walking distance. Other nice options to get around are:  
 Madison BCycle | : electric bike rental 
 Code of Conduct  
 The IPCO 2023 organizers are committed to an inclusive and respectful conference experience for all participants, free from any form of discrimination, harassment, bullying, or retaliation. We strongly believe in equality of treatment for all participants regardless of gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, race, color, nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, marital status, physical appearance, disabilities, or other reasons. All participants in any of the IPCO activities agree to comply with this code of conduct, and to create an inclusive, professional, and respectful atmosphere.  
 If you experience or witness any type of discrimination, harassment or other unethical behavior at the conference, we strongly encourage you to report and seek advice/remedy by reporting by email to ipco@wid.wisc.edu   
 The organizing committee reserves the right to take any necessary and appropriate action against participants who engage in inappropriate behaviors, including removing registered participants from the conference should they pose a risk to other participants.  
 Registration 
 The IPCO registration fee includes one conference banquet ticket, for Thursday, June 22.  
 Go to registration site.   
 Photos 
 Please add the photos you took at IPCO to this Google Photos Album!   
 ×  Local Information  
