Skip to content    ALGO 2023   
        Home  Home 
  ALGOWIN | (former ALGOSENSORS) 
  ATMOS 
  IPEC 
  ESA 
  WAOA 
  Social Program 
 IPEC  
 2023   
 Scope  
 The International Symposium on Parameterized and Exact Computation  (IPEC)  is an annual conference covering all aspects of parameterized and exact algorithms and complexity. Its 18th edition will be part of ALGO 2023  , which also hosts ESA 2023  and other specialized conferences and workshops. We are excited that ALGO 2023  is planned as an in-person conference and we look forward to seeing you there!  
 Important Dates  
  Notification: August 1st 
  IPEC dates Sept. 6—8 (Wed-Fri) 
  Camera-ready version: Oct. 9th 
  AoE=Anywhere on Earth (UTC-12)  
 Accepted Papers  
  Sriram Bhyravarapu | , Satyabrata Jana, | Saket Saurabh | and Roohani Sharma. | Difference Determines the Degree: Structural Kernelizations of Component Order Connectivity 
  Call for Papers  
 The 18th International Symposium on Parameterized and Exact Computation (IPEC 2023) invites papers presenting original research in the area of parameterized and exact algorithms and complexity.  
 Topics  
 The topics include but are not limited to:  
  applications of parameterized and exact computation; 
  engineering and experimentation of exact, parameterized, and kernelization algorithms. 
  PACE 2023  
 For more details on the timeline and past challenges, please visit the PACE website  .  
 Conference  
 Authors of accepted papers are expected to present their work at the symposium, and to incorporate the comments from the program committee. The conference proceedings will be published in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics ( LIPIcs  ) series after the conference.  
 Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit an anonymized extended abstract, which should contain a summary of the main results, their motivation and importance, and evidence of their correctness. The authors should take particular notice that the extended abstract presents their work in a comprehensible and self-contained way. The quality of the presentation in the extended abstract will be taken into account by the program committee.  
 The conference employs a lightweight double-blind reviewing  process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work is in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, references should not be omitted or anonymized.  
 Authors must submit their papers electronically via EasyChair  . Papers must be formatted in LIPIcs style  ; no changes to font size, page margins, etc., are permitted. Line numbers must be activated. There is no page limit for the submission, but the PC may only look at the first 10 pages, so make sure the most important information appears early. Results previously published in conference proceedings or a journal (or scheduled for publication prior to IPEC) will not be considered.  
 Authors are encouraged to make the full, de-anonymized versions of their submissions freely accessible in an online repository such as arXiv  or ECCC  . Program committee members (except the co-chairs) are allowed to submit papers.  
 Final submission guidelines:  The final submission will be made in LIPIcs format, with a higher page limit of 15 pages plus bibliography (no appendix). More details will follow from LIPIcs upon acceptance. The submissions will be published as post-proceedings.  
 Submission link  
 Conflicts of Interest  
 IPEC takes conflicts of interest, both real and perceived, seriously. Authors are responsible for declaring conflicts of interest with any of the PC members. You have a conflict of interest with:  
 past advisors and students; 
  people with the same affiliation; and 
 ALGO 2023   
 Imprint   
