About | Organizing Committee 
  Senior Program Committee 
  Conference Paper Review Board 
  Venue 
  Press & Media 
  Presentation Upload Instructions 
  Templates 
  IROS 2023 Award Winners 
  Networking & Social Events | Saturday RAS Events 
  RAS Town Hall 
 Organizers:  Francesco Maurelli, Huihuan (Alex) Qian, Nina Mahmoudian, Hyun-Taek Choi  
 Abstract:  For the development of the human society, there are extensive opportunities for robots to work long-term in the vast marine environment, e.g. for observation, transportation, environment protection, etc. Significant challenges exist as well, e.g. in autonomy, energy, communication, robustness, and so forth. To advocate the research for long-term marine robotics, this workshop will gather scholars in areas of robot design, perception, control, energy, planning, human-robot interaction, etc., to share their insights on how to enable marine robots to arrive at remote locations, explore for longer time, become more autonomous, overcome faults, perceive and so forth. Young researchers will also present their latest discoveries in workshop papers. Final discussions will enable speakers and audiences to interact and brainstorm how to enable marine robots for long-term functionalities. This workshop will provide a platform for marine robotic researchers at various career stages to exchange ideas so as to enable robots for long-term marine applications. It will also elaborate opportuities and challenges in marine robotics so as to inspire and attract researchers in other robotic fields to join the collaboration.  
 Organizers:  Christian Pek, Sanne van Waveren, Hang Yin  
 Abstract:  Reinforcement learning (RL) has shown remarkable achievements in applications ranging from autonomous driving, object manipulation, or beating best players in complex board games. However, elementary problems of RL remain open: exploratory and learned policies may cause unsafe situations, lack task-robustness, be unstable, or require many samples in the learning process. By satisfactorily addressing these problems, RL research will have long-lasting impact and see breakthroughs on real physical systems and in human-centered environments. Different communities have proposed multiple techniques to increase safety, transparency, and robustness of RL. The aim of this workshop is to provide a multidisciplinary platform to (1) jointly identify and clearly define major challenges in RL, (2) propose and debate existing approaches to ensure desired properties of learned policies from various perspectives, and (3) discuss opportunities to accelerate RL research. The themes of the workshop would comprise (but not be limited to) RL and control theory, RL and Human-Robot Interaction, RL and Formal Methods, benchmarking of RL, etc. In the tradition of our previous RL-CONFORM workshops, we encourage a fruitful and lively discussion between researchers that is open to anyone.  
 Organizers:  Naveen Kumar Uppalapati, Marija Popovic, Anand Kumar Mishra, Arun Narenthiran Sivakumar, Girish Chowdhary, Girish Krishnan, Robert Shepherd  
 Abstract:  Agriculture continues to face major challenges in feeding the growing population due to shrinking land availability and changing climate. Sustainable intensification is necessary to increase agricultural productivity without negative impacts on the environment. Robotics can help with this goal both as a platform for crop monitoring and as an enabler of automation in farms. However, this requires addressing challenging problems in robot design, perception, planning, and control. In addition, increased interdisciplinary collaborations between crop science, robotics, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) are necessary to develop novel and affordable solutions for farmers. Our workshop aims to bring in leading researchers and entrepreneurs from multiple disciplines, like robotics, crop science, and agronomy, to discuss the state – of – the – art and key challenges to enable smart farming using robotics and AI-based agricultural technologies. We focus on three key themes: 1) Farm of the Future: Advancing Agriculture through Robotics, 2) Sustainable Agriculture through Collaboration: Role of Crop Scientists in Guiding Robotic Innovation, and 3 ) Commercializing Agricultural Robotics: Bridging the Gap Between Research and Industry for Sustainable Farming Solutions. The workshop will include talks and panel discussions on the above themes and a poster session for researchers in this area to present their work.  
 Organizers:  Rahul Mangharam, Johannes Betz, Venkat Krovi, Hongrui Zheng  
 Abstract:  Decision-making in real-world multi-agent systems, especially where agent teams collaborate to compete while operating with full dynamics in changing environments and imperfect opponent information, is an important and challenging problem with many applications in next-generation robotics. The MAD-Games Multi-Agent Dynamic Games workshop at IROS aims to explore the latest advances in using game-theoretic and multi-agent learning approaches to help performant autonomous agents understand safe interaction with diverse competitive strategies. One of the key challenges in designing effective algorithms is handling the complex and highly interactive behavior between agents. Existing game theory models often rely on an oversimplified discretization of agent action spaces and strong assumptions such as perfect information and rational decision-making. These lead to inaccurate descriptions of the dynamics of real-world interactions. Additionally, the highly dynamic and unpredictable nature of real-world robotic systems can make it difficult to predict the behavior of the system, leading to safety risks. These dynamic games are inherently challenging as (a) crashing is dangerous and expensive, (b) Current sensors cannot infer the intention or strategy of the opponent, and (c) We are in a small-data regime as we cannot use past games to learn from as strategies, environments, and vehicles change. The MAD Games workshop focuses on addressing these challenges by bringing together researchers and practitioners to (1) explore the latest developments in game theory for interactive decision-making with learning-enabled multi-agent systems and (2) investigate how game-theoretic models can be adapted to handle the complexities of real-world robotic systems.  
 Organizers:  Fabio Bonsignorio, Angela Faragasso, Tomoyuki Yamamoto, Signe A. Redfield, Angel Pasqual del Pobil  
 Abstract:  The reproducibility of research results and the objective and operational comparison of different methods is still not mainstream in Robotics, AI and Automation Research. However, thanks to the Reproducible-article process in IEEE Robotics & Automation Magazine, it is now possible both to publish reproducible research results and objectively compare the performances of different methods. This interactive and participatory workshop aims at providing the necessary knowledge to develop and report reproducible research and to enable objective comparison of performance. In this workshop we will focus on benchmarking methods with a special focus on statistical significance of results, approaches to randomized experimental studies and (ontologies for) the classification of intelligent and autonomous robotic systems. Basics about methods for reproducible robotics techniques will also be delivered to allow profitable attendance of researchers still not aware of reproducible research methods. The workshop will encourage interaction by challenging the participants to solve simple but not simpler case studies about benchmarking experiments in different competing groups. Attendees will be encouraged to submit to the peer scrutiny of other participants about their own case studies and the final discussion and analysis of the case studies will be an integral part of the learning process.  
 Organizers:  Tianwei Zhang, Emel Demircan, Yan Gu, Yuquan Wang  
 Abstract:  Humanoid robots are increasingly expected to move with the same agility and speed as humans. However, traditional reactive control designs often lack a predictive horizon or rely on linear time-invariant models, which makes it difficult to guarantee the existence or uniqueness of a feasible solution. As a result, the current state-of-the-art in predictive control is often limited to suboptimal motions, such as fixed angular momentum trajectories, fixed center of mass height, or coplanar foot contacts. This workshop aims to address these challenges by bringing experts with diverse backgrounds in academia and industry, to share the latest control design and software tools spanning optimization-based control, hybrid control, and planning. Topics will include, but are not limited to, high-order differential dynamics, centroidal dynamics approximation, angular momentum tracking, floating-base state estimation, balance control on uneven terrain, whole-body model predictive control, human motion understanding and imitation, control design on open-source platforms, and emerging data-driven approaches. Attendees will have the opportunity to engage in face-to-face discussions with both junior and senior scientists, gain hands-on experience with the latest control software, and network with researchers from the United States, Europe, and Asia. We will also live-cast the workshop on YouTube and disseminate recorded presentations through our website. Beyond scientific contributions in humanoid robotics, this workshop has a significant societal impact. Real-time locomotion control is essential for developing future assistive devices, such as exoskeletons or prostheses. Our U.S.-based organizers will host an outreach event for local college students during the proposed workshop. In summary, this workshop will highlight the latest key theories, techniques, and insights for the development of next-generation humanoid robot systems with agile and robust locomotion capabilities, while promoting idea exchange and community engagement.  
 RoboTac 2023: Visuo-Tactile Perception, Learning, Control for Manipulation and HRI Emerging Data Driven Approach     
 Organizers:  Mohsen Kaboli, Vincent Hayward, Anirvan Dutta, Henrik Jörntell, Etienne Burdet  
 Abstract:  Haptics intelligence, or the sense of touch, enables humans to interact with their environment and is crucial to manipulation challenges in everyday life. It enables grasping, manipulation, learning, and decision-making based on the information from mechanoreceptors distributed in muscles and over the skin as well as the interaction dynamics. Humans use haptic exploration to interact with their environment, e.g. to recognise an object’s shape and mechanical properties. Haptic sensing is a capability that robotic systems need to acquire for safely and efficiently interacting with their environment and with humans. Haptic sensing is essential to perform a variety of tasks in industrial applications, consumer services, and other highly dynamic environments such as assistance and care for elderly, housekeeping, etc. However, it is still challenging for robots to carry out haptic exploration smoothly and recognise objects efficiently, especially in an unstructured environment with soft materials and different textures, inherent sensor and motor noise, and delay in sensory signal processing. Traditionally, robotics has started to treat haptics like vision, and the dominating aspect of haptics, mechanical interaction, has often been neglected. Mechanical interaction greatly complicates the design of sensing techniques that are fundamentally robust to sensing conditions and resilient to wear and abrasion, and conditions haptic perception. Therefore, this year we will focus on neuroscience, material and signal processing aspects of haptics considering the mechanical interaction dynamics. We have assembled a team of experts in all these fields contributing to cutting edge research in haptics both in humans and for robots. The workshop will enable exchange of ideas between these experts and the underlying field, to foster fresh ideas through interdisciplinary discussions while paving the way for future collaborations.  
 Website:  www.robotact.de/robotac-2023   
 Robotics & AI in Future Factory     
 Organizers:  Rajkumar Muthusamy, Tarek Taha, Paolo Dario, Maria Pia Fanti  
 Abstract:  The last-mile delivery, which focuses on delivering goods to customers, is expensive, challenging and contributes significantly to global carbon emissions. The recent pandemic and expansion of e-commerce have accelerated the adoption of last-mile ecosystems, including micro-fulfilment, dark stores, and a variation of ground and aerial robots. Moreover, the norms of last-mile delivery are changing with evolving consumer needs and industry requirements for sustainability and human-centricity. The next wave of autonomous last-mile robots will be human-centric and energy-efficient, combining advanced technical capabilities with collaborative aspects. This workshop aims to explore and discuss existing and envisioned robot-assisted last-mile delivery models, systems and technologies, identifying key challenges, research gaps, and real-world problems. The key questions to be addressed include 1. the lessons learned from past last-mile delivery robot projects 2. the autonomous features of last-mile robots that address human acceptance and include collaborative elements to enhance customer experience, 3. the opportunities and challenges in using heterogeneous fleets for rapid and frequent delivery, 4. how to advance and mature the technologies utilized in last-mile robots, and 5. how existing regulations and standards influence the technological development and deployment of these systems to ensure that they are safe, environmentally friendly and sustainably deployed. The workshop will encourage poster/paper submissions exploring innovative, creative and futuristic solutions for last-mile delivery using intelligent robots. The workshop aims to build a research community to engage and contribute to realising next-gen last-mile robots and sustainable delivery models, bridging the gap between researchers, logistic operators and entrepreneurs.  
 Organizers:  Nicholas R. Gans, William J. Beksi, Katherine A. Skinner  
 Abstract:  The goal of this workshop is to engage experts and researchers on the synthesis of photo-realistic images and virtual environments, particularly in the form of public datasets, software tools, or infrastructures, for robotics research. Such public datasets, software tools, and infrastructures will lower entry barriers by enabling researchers that lack expensive hardware (e.g., complex camera systems, robots, autonomous vehicles, etc.) to simulate and create datasets representative of such hardware and scenarios. PIES-Rob will be a full-day workshop. It will feature a mix of presentations, open panel discussions, and an invited poster session. There will be eight invited speakers and a keynote speaker to discuss their related research, thoughts, and experiences on the needs and directions of creating public datasets, software tools, and infrastructures for synthesizing photorealistic images and environments.  
 Organizers:  Katie Skinner, Ram Vasudevan, Manikandasriram Srinivasan Ramanagopal, Radhika Ravi, Austin Buchan, Spencer Carmichael, Gaurav Pandey, Alexandra (Alexa) Carlson  
 Abstract:  Current systems for autonomous vehicle (AV) perception rely on widely used sensors such as cameras and LiDAR systems. However, AV perception systems based on conventional sensors suffer in various lighting and adverse weather conditions. For example, conventional visual frame-based cameras are widely used due to their low-cost and high spatial resolution. Yet, AV perception systems based on conventional cameras are challenged by low-light conditions, fog, rain, and snow, and suffer from issues including motion blur, limited frame rates, and low dynamic range. Novel sensors, such as event and thermal cameras, offer alternatives that address these limitations. Event cameras feature high temporal resolution, effectively no motion blur, high dynamic range, low power requirements, and low latency. These qualities make event cameras promising under adverse lighting, fast motion, and resource constraints. Thermal cameras sensitive to the Long Wave Infrared spectrum can operate in the absence of visible light and are robust to changes in illumination and visual obscurants such as fog, dust, and smoke. Alongside these advantages are challenges: thermal cameras are lower contrast and experience greater motion blur, while event cameras represent a new paradigm that is not directly compatible with existing algorithms. Advancing AV capabilities to leverage novel sensors will require further research development across academia and industry. This workshop seeks to engage the research community in discussion of exciting new research topics in novel sensors for AV perception, and will feature the release of a unique dataset for AV perception with novel sensors, and a student poster session.  
 Organizers:  Allan Wang, Nathan Tsoi, Benjamin Stoler, Phani Teja Singamaneni, Alhanof Alolyan, Rohan Chandra, Marynel Vázquez, Jean Oh, He Wang, Rachid Alami, Aaron Steinfeld  
 Abstract:  With robots beginning to share spaces with humans in uncontrolled environments, social robot navigation is an increasingly relevant area of robotics research. However, robots navigating around humans still presents many challenges. Recent works have shown that it is insufficient for robots to simply consider humans as “dynamic obstacles”. How can a robot navigate safely and efficiently among crowds? How can a robot capture environmental context and obey social rules? How should we measure and benchmark a robot’s navigation performance? We propose to bring together experts and community members from diverse backgrounds to discuss advances in social navigation and to unify efforts around evaluation methods. This workshop is a sequel to our successful workshop at ICRA’22. The day-long event will feature invited expert speakers, poster presentations, a moderated panel discussion, and benchmark challenges. We will announce the winner of the SEANavbench challenge. SEANavbench is our open-source benchmarking suite which enables training and evaluating social navigation systems in a high visual fidelity environment. We will also announce two new social-navigation benchmark tracks for 1) multi-agent planning and 2) trajectory forecasting.  
 Organizers:  Luka Peternel, Wansoo Kim, Heni Ben Amor, Arash Ajoudani, Eiichi Yoshida  
 Abstract:  Collaborative and wearable robots in workspaces present potentially powerful tools for the field of ergonomics, paving the way to promote work efficiency and safety. These robots can anticipate and mitigate the physical risk factors related to work-related musculoskeletal disorders, for example, by incorporating human models into robot control to make it aware of the human co-worker’s ergonomic status and actively reconfiguring the work process with the robot. To tackle these major challenges and opportunities, we previously organized a series of successful workshops at IROS and ICRA. So far, our focus was primarily on using classical human physical and cognitive models and the associated pros and cons. Our previous workshop talks and discussions spotlighted the reliability of such models, however, raised several open questions about their personalization. On the other hand, the robotics community has made substantial progress on the topics of machine learning in the past decade, which offers great potential for model personalisation and enhanced adaptiveness of models and robot behaviours to facilitate ergonomics. Hence, the objectives of the proposed workshop are i) to review the progress which was achieved since our last workshop, ii) to discuss how robot learning methods can help with ergonomic human-robot collaboration iii) to form guidelines for future research in this direction. This agenda requires experts from various research fields and interdisciplinary discussions. Thus, we assembled a diverse yet synergistic set of organizers and speakers, who are leading experts in their respective areas that are highly relevant to the workshop topic.  
 Organizers:  Giuseppe Loianno, Davide Scaramuzza  
 Abstract:  Autonomous aerial and ground robots have the potential to assist humans in complex, timesensitive, and dangerous tasks such as search and rescue or monitoring in indoor and outdoor environments. This requires single and multiple robots to autonomously navigate in a coordinated, agile, and collaborative manner in uncertain, dynamic, cluttered, and extreme environments. The focus of this workshop is to study and analyze the role and benefits of data-driven techniques in the sense and act problem for achieving robot super autonomy. Robot super autonomy refers to unmanned, agile, resilient, and collaborative machines that can make decisions without human intervention, and can outperform current autonomous vehicles in uncertain, complex, dynamic, extreme, and cluttered environments. In this context, Learning-based solutions are becoming essential approaches in complementing or replacing physics-based techniques at the control, perception, and planning levels to boost online navigation performances, robots’ resilience, and algorithms’ scalability in terms of the number and types of robots. This workshop will bring together researchers, industry experts, and practitioners from the aerial, ground, space, and legged robotics communities. The audience will be heterogeneous in terms of expertise and interests, involving people from academia, industry, and government agencies, as well as practitioners focusing on the broad areas of robotics, AI, and machine learning for autonomous robots working across air, space, ground, and off-terrain domains. The workshop will be extremely relevant for researchers to foster ideas in the areas of robotics, AI, and related disciplines, learn about the challenges and limitations of current approaches for robot super autonomy, and explore potential solutions. Finally, this event includes several activities tailored for early-career researchers, giving them an opportunity to learn about the latest advances in autonomous robot technology.  
 Organizers:  Konstantinos Karydis, Stefano Carpin, Stavros Vougioukas, Cyrill Stachniss  
 Abstract:  Increasing population, decreasing arable land, climate change, and a declining skilled workforce pose unprecedented challenges to the ability to satisfy the growing demand for food on a global scale, in a sustainable manner. It is thus becoming more and more important to increase or at the very least maintain current productivity while using fewer inputs, such as water and agrichemicals. Precision agriculture (PA) aims to address this issue. In recent years there has been a boom in agricultural robotics and allied technology (e.g., vegetation-specific sensors) employed within PA routines. Such efforts have so far been undertaken in a rather decoupled manner. However, several research labs (both in academic and private sector settings) around the world are increasingly co-designing actuation and perception systems, to help introduce the agricultural robots of the future. This workshop aims to highlight and in turn help push forward co-design of actuation and perception efforts for future agricultural robotics. Its main objective is to bring together researchers that focus on robotics and sensor technologies, and who are situated both within academia and industry. Doing so will create stronger links between both ends. Academic researchers will have the opportunity to learn more about specific technologies that are already field-ready while industry partners will gather more detailed information about some key current challenges holding back agricultural robotics research that may not be possible to resolve in a scalable manner within the limits of academic research.  
 Organizers:  Nikolay Atanasov, Luca Carlone, Kevin Doherty, Kaveh Fathian, Golnaz Habibi, Jonathan How, John Leonard, Carlos Nieto, Hasan Poonawala, David Rosen, Sebastian Scherer, Chen Wang, Shibo Zhao  
 Abstract:  This workshop aims to present the latest advancements and frontier techniques in computer vision and machine learning that are expected to have a significant impact on robotic perception and mapping and set the direction of research in the next 5-10 years. Through a series of invited and contributed talks by renowned academic leaders and researchers, the event will discuss frontier technologies for robotic perception and mapping with particular focus on addressing existing computer vision challenges such as dealing with dynamic environments and non-rigid objects, trade-offs between scalability (capturing large environments over long periods of operation without running out of memory) versus expressivity (capturing precise details about the environment characteristics, including geometry, semantics, dynamics, topology), as well as addressing machine learning challenges such as reducing training and inference time of machine learning models, fitting large models on small robotic platforms, trade-offs between pre-training and fine-tuning environment models, and ensuring generalization and robustness. To encourage interaction among participants, the workshop will feature panel discussions, posters, and spotlight talks. The event will adopt a hybrid format with both in-person and remote participants. All talks and accepted contributions will be published on the workshop’s webpage to expand its reach and impact. This workshop is a follow-up to the well-received ICRA 2022 workshop on “Robotic Perception and Mapping: Emerging Techniques,” which had the largest attendance across all workshops with over 1,000 participants. This follow-up workshop will provide a new perspective by inviting a new set of speakers and discussing frontier research on computer vision and machine learning (instead of mapping, which was the focus of the previous workshop). To differentiate the workshop from traditional computer vision and machine learning conferences, the talks are particularly focused on techniques with direct application in robotic perception and autonomy.  
 Organizers:  Maximilian Naumann, Maximilian Igl, Simon Suo, Thomas Gilles, Yiren Lu, Fabien Moutarde, Anca Dragan, Shimon Whiteson  
 Abstract:  Simulation is a crucial tool to accelerate the development of Autonomous Driving (AD) algorithms. Realistic traffic agent models reduce the sim-to-real gap and have the potential to massively scale evaluation of AD algorithms, paying into both development and safe deployment of AD systems. Research in traffic agent modeling has recently made great advances, for example due to the switch to graph neural networks and training through sequential decisions. Yet, the research is scattered over different robotics and machine learning venues. This workshop shall provide a platform to highlight recent advances and future directions towards realistic traffic agent models. Furthermore, this workshop shall provide insights from related fields such as prediction, motion planning and AV safety. Through a mix of invited talks from both academia and industry, paper presentations, and a panel discussion, attendees will be able to catch up with the latest advances, promising directions and most pressing challenges. Attendees will also be able to network in this growing field of research and related areas.  
 Thursday-Friday, October 5-6, Two-Day Workshop (By-Invitation-Only)  
 Workshop on Software Engineering for Robotics     
 Note:  The workshop is by invitation only and does not require IROS conference registration. If you are interested in attending, please contact the organizers.  
 Organizers:  Claire Le Goues, Sebastian Elbaum  
 Abstract:  The progress in robot development and its impact in the last decade have been astounding. Yet, software engineering techniques and tools have not kept up with this revolution, and in many cases are hindering it. The workshop will bring together thought leaders from academia and industry, in robotics and software engineering, to identify key problems in software engineering for robotics that we should tackle in the next 5 years, and to coalesce a community around those problems. The workshop will produce a roadmap for the community, as well as generate new connections, collaborations, and synergy amongst diverse researchers interested in this problem domain.  
