 NA  
 International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2024    
 ISGC2024  24-29 March, 2024  Academia Sinica Computing Centre (ASGC), Institute of Physics, Academia Sinica Taipei, Taiwan    
 The ISGC is one of the most important annual international events in Asia, uniting scientists  
  and engineers globally to exchange ideas on Open Data and Open Science.  
 ISGC 2024 promotes open data/science collaboration, offering an opportunity to learn from  
  the latest achievements globally. ISGC 2024 aims to create a venue for communities and  
  national representatives to present solutions to global challenges. We welcome your  
  participation!  
 International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 in conjunction with HEPiX Spring 2023 Workshop    
 ISGC&HEPiX2023  19 - 31 March 2023  Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan    
 Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 will be held on 19~24 March 2023 at Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. The HEPiX 2023 Spring Workshop then will take place back-to-back on 27~31 March. The ISGC is one of the most important annual international events in Asia that brings together scientists and engineers worldwide to exchange ideas, to present on challenges, solutions and future development issues in the field of Open Data and Open Science.  
 The main theme of ISGC 2023 will focus on “accelerating time-to-science through computing”. Over the past two decades, the scientific research had been revolutionized by the infrastructure of distributed computing and the concept of open data. Compute-intensive research has once been a barrier for many researchers. Nowadays, the cloud and distributed computing infrastructure could provide researchers immediate access to an unlimited amount of computing power and allows them to ask questions that may not have been possible. Moreover, the virtual infrastructure allows researchers to share large-scale data. Reducing time to science is something every researcher wish to experience.  
 Promoting the open data/open science collaboration between Asia Pacific region and the world, the Symposium offers an excellent opportunity to learn from the latest achievement from Europe, America and Asia. The goal of ISGC is to create a face-to-face venue where individual communities and national representatives can present and share their contributions to the solutions of global challenges. We cordially invite and welcome your participation!  
 International Symposium on Grids & Clouds 2022    
 The annual ISGC virtual conference will be held from 21 to 25 March of 2022. While the research data are becoming a real asset nowadays, it is an information and knowledge gained through thorough analysis that makes them so valuable. To process vast amounts of data collected, novel high performance data analytics methods and tools are needed, combining classical simulation oriented approaches, big data processing and advanced AI methods. Such a combination is not straightforward and needs novel insights at all levels of the computing environment – from the network and hardware fabrics through the operating systems and middleware to the platforms and software, not forgetting the security – to support data oriented research. Challenging use cases that apply difficult scientific problems are necessary to properly drive the evolution and also to validate such high performance data analytics environments.  
 EDITORIAL BOARD  
 Kento Aida, National Institute of Informatics, JP 
 Through the parallel sessions, the impact of distributed computing infrastructures in a range of research disciplines was highlighted. Operational procedures, middleware and security aspects were addressed in a dedicated sessions.  
 The symposium was covered online in real-time by the GridCast team from the GridTalk project. A running blog including summarises of specific sessions as well as video interviews with keynote speakers and personalities and photos.  
 As with all regions of the world, grid and cloud computing has to be prove it is adding value to researchers if it is be accepted by them and demonstrate its impact on society as a while if it to be supported by national governments, funding agencies and the general public. ISGC has helped foster the emergence of a strong regional interest in the earth and life sciences, notably for natural disaster mitigation and bioinformatics studies.  
 Prof. Simon C. Lin organised an intense social programme with a gastronomic tour of Taipei culminating with a banquet for all the symposium’s participants at the hotel Palais de Chine.  
 I would like to thank all the members of the programme committee, the participants and above all our hosts, Prof. Simon C. Lin and his excellent support team at Academia Sinica.  
