 Česky    
    News   International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 - Call for abstracts   
 International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 - Call for abstracts  
 CALL FOR ABSTRACTS OPEN - October 31 2022  
 Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the International Symposium on Grid Computing (ISGC) 2023 will be held on March 19-24, 2023 at Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. The ISGC is one of the most important annual international events in Asia that brings together scientists and engineers worldwide to exchange ideas, to present on challenges, solutions and future development issues in the field of Open Data and Open Science.  
 International Symposium on Grids and Clouds (ISGC) 2023    
  19 ~24 March 2023  , Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan     
  Call for Abstracts    
  •  Submission Deadline: Monday, 31 October 2022   
  •  Acceptance Notification to Authors: by Friday, 16 December 2022   
  Theme: Accelerating time-to-science through computing     
 Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the International Symposium on Grid Computing (ISGC) 2023 will be held on March 19-24, 2023 at Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. The ISGC is one of the most important annual international events in Asia that brings together scientists and engineers worldwide to exchange ideas, to present on challenges, solutions and future development issues in the field of Open Data and Open Science.  
  The main theme of ISGC 2023 will focus on “accelerating time-to-science through computing”  . Over the past two decades, the infrastructure of distributed computing and the concept of open data has revolutionized the scientific research. Compute-intensive research has once been a barrier for many researchers. Nowadays, the cloud and distributed computing infrastructure could provide researchers immediate access to an unlimited amount of computing power, and they can ask questions that may not have been possible. Moreover, the virtual infrastructure allows scientists to share large-scale data. Reducing time to science is something every researcher wish to experience.  
  Promoting the open data/open science collaboration between Asia Pacific region and the world, the Symposium offers an excellent opportunity to learn from the latest achievement from Europe, America and Asia. The goal of ISGC is to create a face-to-face venue where individual communities and national representatives can present and share their contributions to the solutions of global challenges. We cordially invite and welcome your participation!  
  Topics of Interest  :   
  Disciplines across the Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities (SSAH) have critically engaged with technological innovations such as grid- and cloud computing, and, most recently, various data analytic technologies. The increasing availability of data, ranging from social media text data to consumer big data has led to an increasing interest in analysis methods such as natural language processing, social network analysis, machine learning and text mining. These developments pose challenges as well as opening up opportunities and members of the SSAH community have been at the forefront of discussions about the impact that novel forms of data, novel computational infrastructures and novel analytical methods have for the pursuit of science endeavors and our understanding of what science is and can be.  
  The ISGC 2023 SSAH track invites papers and presentations covering applications demonstrating the opportunities of new technologies or critically engaging with their methodological implications in the Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities. Innovative application of analytical tools for survey data, social media data, and government (open) data are welcome. We also invite contributions that critically reflect on the following subjects: (1) the impact that ubiquitous and mobile access to information and communication technologies have for society more generally, especially around topics such as smart cities, civic engagement, and digital journalism; (2) philosophical and methodological reflections on the development of the techniques and the approaches by which data scientists use to pursue knowledge.  
  2. Technologies that provide access and exploitation of different site resources and infrastructures   
  (10) Artificial Intelligence (AI)   
  During the last decade, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and statistical learning techniques have started to become pervasive in scientific applications, exploring the adoption of novel algorithms, modifying the design principles of application workflows, and impacting the way in which grid and cloud computing services are used by a diverse set of scientific communities. This track aims at discussing problems, solutions and application examples related to this area of research, ranging from R&D activities to production-ready solutions. Topics of interests in this track include: AI-enabled scientific workflows; novel approaches in scientific applications adopting machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) techniques; cloud-integrated statistical learning as-a-service solutions; anomaly detection techniques; predictive and prescriptive maintenance; experience with MLOps practices; AI-enabled adaptive simulations; experience on ML/DL models training and inference on different hardware resources for scientific applications.  
 Committees  (In last name alphabetic order) 
 Andrea Valassi, CERN, CH | Eric Yen, Academia Sinica, TW 
  The ISGC Program Committee and track conveners will review all submitted abstracts. Authors will receive notification of acceptance before 16 December 2022  . For any further questions, please contact the Secretariat.  
  Ms. Vicky Huang  / Ms. Stella Shen   
 Sincerely,  
  ISGC Secretariat  
  Academia Sinica Grid Computing Centre (ASGC)   
  Taipei, Taiwan  
