  Login    
 International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 in conjunction with HEPiX Spring 2023 Workshop     
 19-31 March 2023   
 BHSS. Academia Sinica   
 Asia/Taipei timezone   
  Co-located Workshops & Events 
  Poster Session 
  Call for Full-Paper Submission 
  Call for Abstracts 
  Contribution List 
 vic@twgrid.org 
 Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the International Symposium on Grids & Clouds (ISGC) 2023 will be held on 19~24 March 2023 at Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. The HEPiX 2023 Spring Workshop   then will take place back-to-back on 27~31 March. The ISGC is one of the most important annual international events in Asia that brings together scientists and engineers worldwide to exchange ideas, to present on challenges, solutions and future development issues in the field of Open Data and Open Science.    
 The main theme of ISGC 2023 will focus on “accelerating time-to-science through computing”. Over the past two decades, the scientific research had been revolutionized by the infrastructure of distributed computing and the concept of open data. Compute-intensive research has once been a barrier for many researchers. Nowadays, the cloud and distributed computing infrastructure could provide researchers immediate access to an unlimited amount of computing power and allows them to ask questions that may not have been possible. Moreover, the virtual infrastructure allows researchers to share large-scale data. Reducing time to science is something every researcher wish to experience.    
 Promoting the open data/open science collaboration between Asia Pacific region and the world, the Symposium offers an excellent opportunity to learn from the latest achievement from Europe, America and Asia. The goal of ISGC is to create a face-to-face venue where individual communities and national representatives can present and share their contributions to the solutions of global challenges. We cordially invite and welcome your participation!    
 Co-hosts: ASGC, SLAT, Institute of Physics, Academia Sinica  
