  REGISTER 
 About ISMB/ECCB 2023  
 ISMB/ECCB 2023 - Menu Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2023 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 2023 
  Awards 
  Awards Winners 
  Town Hall 
  Tutorials 
  WEB 2023 
  ISCB GREEN PLEDGE 
  SUSTAINABLE CONFERENCE TRAVEL AWARD 
 Sponsors  
  About the ISMB/ECCB 2023 Conference  
 The annual international conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology (ISMB) is the flagship meeting of the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB). The 2023 conference is the 31st ISMB conference, which has grown to become the world's largest bioinformatics and computational biology conference. Joining forces with the European Conference on Computational Biology (22nd Annual Conference) ISMB/ECCB 2023 will be the year's most important computational biology event globally.  
 The conference will offer both in-person and virtual attendance. We will welcome you to join us in Lyon, France or virtually in our state of the art virtual interface.  
 ISMB/ECCB brings together scientists from computer science, molecular biology, mathematics, statistics and related fields. Its principal focus is on the development and application of advanced computational methods for biological problems.  
  Participants will have the opportunity to enjoy:  
  Ability to serendipitously make new connections when utilizing the attendee profile and match maker features within the virtual platform 
  Schedule one-on-one time with speakers, poster presenters, exhibitors, and sponsors to learn more about their work, products, or services 
  Exclusive access to the ISMB/ECCB 2023 on-demand repository of talks and poster presentations for viewing at your leisure after conference dates 
  ISMB provides an intense multidisciplinary forum for disseminating the latest developments in bioinformatics/computational biology, fostering fresh dialogues and perspectives to learn about and shape the future of the field. In response to the increasing interest in the activities of the ISCB’s Communities of Special Interest (COSIs) the conference is organized with the active participation of the COSIs in the development of the program and highlights emerging or "hot" research areas providing an outstanding scientifically effective program.  
 ISMB enables intensified community involvement and bolsters its reputation as the leading conference in the field, with the strongest scientific and technical program that showcases the best international developments in bioinformatics and computational biology.  
 Support ISCB 
