ISMM 2023   Sun 18 Jun 2023 Orlando, Florida, United States    
 co-located with PLDI 2023    
 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott 
  PLDI 2023 
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide 
  Registration 
  Volunteers 
  Childcare 
  Program | ISMM Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 18 Jun 
  Track/Call 
  Organization | ISMM 2023 Committees 
  Track Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    ISMM 2024 
  ISMM 2023 
  ISMM 2022 
 Photo by Marriott International     
 ISMM’23 is part of FCRC’23, held at Orlando World Center Marriott  
 Photo by Disney     
 The Kennedy Space Center is just an hour drive from the conference site.  
  PLDI 2023  ( series  ) /  ISMM 2023 ( series  ) /  International Symposium on Memory Management ISMM 2023   
 About 
  Speaker's Guide 
  Call for Papers 
  Welcome to the home page of the 2023 ACM SIGPLAN International Symposium on Memory Management (ISMM 2023)!  
 ISMM is the premier forum dedicated to research in memory management, covering the areas of memory performance, allocator design, garbage collection, architectural support for memory management, persistent memories, emerging memory technologies, and more.  
 ISMM’23 will held in-person as part of FCRC’23, sharing the venue and activities with ten other top computer science conferences.  
 Code of Conduct   
 ISMM follows the ACM Policy Against Harassment at ACM Activities   . Please familiarize yourself with the policy  and guide for reporting unacceptable behavior  .  
 Plenary    
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Sun 18 Jun   
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      
 5m    
 Day opening | Welcome to ISMM   ISMM 2023   
 Steve Blackburn  Google and Australian National University  , Erez Petrank  Technion 
 Talk | Keynote: A Brave New World for Memory Management Research   ISMM 2023   
 Martin Maas  Google 
 15m    
 Break | Break Social      ISMM 2023 
 20m    
 Talk | Scaling Up Performance of Managed Applications on NUMA Systems   ISMM 2023   
 Orion Papadakis  The University of Manchester  , Andreas Andronikakis  The University of Manchester  , Nikos Foutris  The University of Manchester  , Michail Papadimitriou  OctoML  , Athanasios Stratikopoulos  The University of Manchester  , Foivos S. Zakkak  Red Hat, Inc.  , Polychronis Xekalakis  Nvidia  , Christos Kotselidis  Pierer Innovation / The University of Manchester  , Foivos S. Zakkak  Red Hat, Inc.    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | Analyzing and Improving the Scalability of In-Memory Indices for Managed Search Engines   ISMM 2023   
 Aditya Chilukuri  Australian National University  , Shoaib Akram  Australian National University    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | Memory Consistency Models for Program Transformations: An Intellectual Abstract   ISMM 2023   
 Akshay Gopalakrishnan  McGill University  , Clark Verbrugge  McGill University, Canada  , Mark Batty  University of Kent  , Clark Verbrugge  McGill University, Canada    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | Predicting Dynamic Properties of Heap Allocations using Neural Networks Trained on Static Code: An Intellectual Abstract   ISMM 2023   
 Christian Navasca  UCLA  , Martin Maas  Google  , Petros Maniatis  Google  , Hyeontaek Lim  Google  , Harry Xu  University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA)    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | The Unexpected Efficiency of Bin Packing Algorithms for Dynamic Storage Allocation in the Wild: An Intellectual Abstract   ISMM 2023   
 Christos Lamprakos  National Technical University of Athens, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven  , Sotirios Xydis  National Technical University of Athens  , Francky Catthoor  IMEC, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven  , Dimitrios Soudris  National Technical University of Athens    
  DOI 
 10m    
 Awards | Best Paper Award   ISMM 2023 
 20m    
 Talk | Concurrent GCs and Modern Java Workloads: A Cache Perspective Best Paper Award      ISMM 2023   
 Maria Carpen-Amarie  Huawei Zurich Research Center, Switzerland  , Georgios Vavouliotis  Huawei Zurich Research Center, Switzerland  , Konstantinos Tovletoglou  Huawei Zurich Research Center, Switzerland  , Boris Grot  University of Edinburgh, UK  , Rene Mueller  Huawei Zurich Research Center, Switzerland    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | Wait-Free Weak Reference Counting   ISMM 2023   
 Matthew J. Parkinson  Azure Research, Microsoft, UK  , Sylvan Clebsch  Azure Research  , Ben Simner     
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | NUMAlloc: A Faster NUMA Memory Allocator   ISMM 2023   
 Hanmei Yang  University of Massachusetts Amherst  , Xin Zhao  University of Massachusetts Amherst  , Jin Zhou  University of Massachusetts Amherst  , Wei Wang  University of Texas at San Antonio, USA  , Sandip Kundu  University of Massachusetts Amherst  , Bo Wu  Colorado School of Mines  , Hui Guan  University of Massachusetts, Amherst  , Tongping Liu  University of Massachusetts at Amherst    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | Picking a CHERI Allocator: Security and Performance Considerations   ISMM 2023   
 Jacob Bramley  Arm  , Dejice Jacob  University of Glasgow, UK  , Andrei Lascu  King's College London  , Jeremy Singer  University of Glasgow  , Laurence Tratt  King's College London  , Andrei Lascu  King's College London    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 20m    
 Talk | Blast from the Past: Least Expected Use (LEU) Cache Replacement with Statistical History   ISMM 2023   
 Sayak Chakraborti  University of Rochester  , Zhizhou (Chris) Zhang  Uber Technologies  , Noah Bertram  Cornell University  , Sandhya Dwarkadas  University of Rochester  , Chen Ding  University of Rochester    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | OMRGx: Programmable and Transparent Out-of-Core Graph Partitioning and Processing   ISMM 2023   
 Gurneet Kaur  University of California, Riverside  , Rajiv Gupta  UC Riverside    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | ZipKV: In-Memory Key-Value Store with Built-In Data Compression   ISMM 2023   
 Linsen Ma  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute  , Rui Xie  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute  , Tong Zhang  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute    
  DOI 
 20m    
 Talk | Flexible and Effective Object Tiering for Heterogeneous Memory Systems   ISMM 2023   
 Brandon Kammerdiener  University of Tennessee  , Jeffrey Zachariah McMichael  University of Tennessee  , Michael Jantz  University of Tennessee  , Kshitij Doshi  Intel Corporation  , Terry Jones  Oak Ridge National Laboratory    
  DOI 
 Title 
 Analyzing and Improving the Scalability of In-Memory Indices for Managed Search Engines  ISMM 2023   
 Aditya Chilukuri  , Shoaib Akram    
  DOI 
 Blast from the Past: Least Expected Use (LEU) Cache Replacement with Statistical History  ISMM 2023   
 Sayak Chakraborti  , Zhizhou (Chris) Zhang  , Noah Bertram  , Sandhya Dwarkadas  , Chen Ding    
  DOI 
 Concurrent GCs and Modern Java Workloads: A Cache Perspective Best Paper Award     ISMM 2023   
 Maria Carpen-Amarie  , Georgios Vavouliotis  , Konstantinos Tovletoglou  , Boris Grot  , Rene Mueller    
  DOI 
 Flexible and Effective Object Tiering for Heterogeneous Memory Systems  ISMM 2023   
 Brandon Kammerdiener  , Jeffrey Zachariah McMichael  , Michael Jantz  , Kshitij Doshi  , Terry Jones    
  DOI 
 Memory Consistency Models for Program Transformations: An Intellectual Abstract  ISMM 2023   
 Akshay Gopalakrishnan  , Clark Verbrugge  , Mark Batty  , Clark Verbrugge    
  DOI 
 NUMAlloc: A Faster NUMA Memory Allocator  ISMM 2023   
 Hanmei Yang  , Xin Zhao  , Jin Zhou  , Wei Wang  , Sandip Kundu  , Bo Wu  , Hui Guan  , Tongping Liu    
  DOI 
 OMRGx: Programmable and Transparent Out-of-Core Graph Partitioning and Processing  ISMM 2023   
 Gurneet Kaur  , Rajiv Gupta    
  DOI 
 Picking a CHERI Allocator: Security and Performance Considerations  ISMM 2023   
 Jacob Bramley  , Dejice Jacob  , Andrei Lascu  , Jeremy Singer  , Laurence Tratt  , Andrei Lascu    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Predicting Dynamic Properties of Heap Allocations using Neural Networks Trained on Static Code: An Intellectual Abstract  ISMM 2023   
 Christian Navasca  , Martin Maas  , Petros Maniatis  , Hyeontaek Lim  , Harry Xu    
  DOI 
 Scaling Up Performance of Managed Applications on NUMA Systems  ISMM 2023   
 Orion Papadakis  , Andreas Andronikakis  , Nikos Foutris  , Michail Papadimitriou  , Athanasios Stratikopoulos  , Foivos S. Zakkak  , Polychronis Xekalakis  , Christos Kotselidis  , Foivos S. Zakkak    
  DOI 
 The Unexpected Efficiency of Bin Packing Algorithms for Dynamic Storage Allocation in the Wild: An Intellectual Abstract  ISMM 2023   
 Christos Lamprakos  , Sotirios Xydis  , Francky Catthoor  , Dimitrios Soudris    
  DOI 
 Wait-Free Weak Reference Counting  ISMM 2023   
 Matthew J. Parkinson  , Sylvan Clebsch  , Ben Simner    
  DOI 
 ZipKV: In-Memory Key-Value Store with Built-In Data Compression  ISMM 2023   
 Linsen Ma  , Rui Xie  , Tong Zhang    
  DOI 
 Call for Papers  
 The 2023 ACM SIGPLAN International Symposium on Memory Management (ISMM 2023) is soliciting full-length submissions covering new work on all memory management related topics, as well as papers presenting confirmations or refutations of important prior results. In additional to regular papers, traditionally submitted to ISMM, we also invite submissions of the following kinds:  
 Surveys and comparative analyses that shed new light on previously published techniques. 
  Practitioner reports, describing experience with memory management in production. Such papers are not expected to provide novel research contributions, but they should not have been previously published. 
  Intellectual abstracts, where researchers share designs, algorithms, or theory that may be interesting to the memory management community, but not yet evaluated. 
  Please indicate whether the paper is a regular paper, a survey, a practitioner report, or an intellectual abstract, by using a subtitle. For example, for a regular paper, include on of the following on the line below the title line: \subtitle{This submission is a regular paper}  , \subtitle{This submission is a survey}  , \subtitle{This submission is a practitioner report}  , or \subtitle{This submission is an intellectual abstract}  .  
 ISMM 2023 will be colocated with PLDI 2023  at FCRC’23  .  
 Areas of interest include but are not limited to:  
 Garbage collection algorithms and implementations 
 Papers that exceed the length requirement or deviate from the expected format will be rejected.  
 Make sure that figures and tables are legible, even after the paper is printed in gray-scale.  
 Appendices should not be part of the paper, but should be submitted as supplementary material. Supplementary material should also be anonymized, as described below.  
 \documentclass[sigplan,10pt,review,anonymous]{acmart} \settopmatter{printfolios=true,printccs=false,printacmref=false}   The default citation style is numeric. Do not  mess with the class file or settings to try to sneak in additional space. (Conversely, you may toggle the printccs and printacmref flags if you wish, but these changes will consume space.) Do not  use the PACMPL files or format; ISMM is not using them. However, the template files were designed to make migrating a paper from one format to the other as simple as possible.  
 Double-Blind Reviewing   
 ISMM uses double-blind reviewing. This means that author names and affiliations must be omitted from the submission. Additionally, if the submission refers to prior work done by the authors, that reference should be made in third person. These are firm submission requirements. Any supplementary material must also be anonymized.  
 PLDI’s FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing  clarifies the policy for the most common scenarios. But there are many gray areas and trade-offs. If you have any doubts about how to interpret the double blind rules, please contact the Program Chair. If in any doubt you should contact the Program Chair for complex cases that are not fully covered by the FAQ.  
 Declaring Conflicts   
 When submitting the paper, you will need to declare potential conflicts. Conflicts should be declared between an adviser and an advisee (e.g., Ph.D., post-doc). Other conflicts include institutional conflicts, financial conflicts of interest, friends or relatives, or any recent co-authors on papers and proposals (last 2 years).  
 Please do not declare spurious conflicts: such incorrect conflicts are especially harmful if the aim is to exclude potential reviewers, so spurious conflicts can be grounds for rejection. If you are unsure about a conflict, please consult the Program Chair.  
 Publication Date   
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  (For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.)  
 Author Response   
 The author response process will occur in April 2023 (see Important Dates on the main page  ), and will give the authors an opportunity to respond to factual errors in reviews before the Program Committee meets to make its decisions. The committee may, but need not, respond to the author response or revise reviews at or after the committee meeting.  
 Acknowledgements   
 This call-for-papers is an adaptation and evolution of content from previous instances of ISMM and PLDI. We are grateful to prior organizers for their work, which is reused here.  
 Speaker's Guide  
 ISMM’23 Speaker’s Guide   
 This document is for those presenting a paper at ISMM’23.  
 Congratulations on having your paper accepted at ISMM’23! This document will help ensure your presentation runs smoothly and has the best possible audience impact. Please read it in its entirety.  
 Checklist   
 Before ISMM:  
 Prepare and | practice | . 
  Ensure your talk runs for | no more than 16 minutes | . 
  Preparing Your Talk   
 Your work will have a greater impact if you’re well prepared.  
 It is very important that you run to schedule. The ISMM’23 schedule is extremely tight, with hard stops imposed by FCRC scheduling. Session chairs have been asked to stick rigidly to the schedule.  
 Guidelines   
 Your talk should run for no more than 16 minutes | , uninterrupted. This gives you about three minutes for questions and one minute for speaker change-over. 
 As an insurance against technical failures, we ask all speakers to make a backup copy of their presentation available to the video team by uploading it the day before the session. You’re welcome to upload fresh copies at any time.  
 Format: your presentation must be saved as a powerpoint or pdf file (sorry!) 
  Naming: you must use your paper ID as your file name (e.g. <ismm paper ID>.[ppt,pptx,pdf]) 
  This requirement gives you assurance that if some major technical problem were to arise (such as a failure of your laptop), you will still be able to give your talk. If you do not make your presentation available in advance, and significant technical problems arise, we may have to shorten your presentation to keep to our tight schedule.  
 There are many excellent sources of advice on giving good talks, including from Simon Peyton Jones  , Michael Hicks  , Michael Ernst  , Ranjit Jhala  , and Derek Dreyer  . Make good use of these!  
 Mandatory Video Check   
 All speakers are required to be in the room and check in with their session chair and the video team no later than 5 minutes before their session starts. Please note that due to our very tight schedule, speakers who fail to upload their talk in advance and/or fail to attend the video check 5 minutes before their session may have their talk cut short if technical issues arise  .  
 Q&A   
 If you stick to the above schedule you will have about 3 minutes for questions. The in-room audience will be able to ask questions via a queue at a single microphone on a mic stand in the center of the room. In-room attendees and remote attendees will also be able to ask questions via Discord. Your session chair will monitor questions on Discord and might ask questions as they see them appearing there.  
 Your talk will be streamed to Discord and YouTube. Your remote audience will be able to write questions in the Discord channel created for your session (they won’t be able to ask questions via audio or video). They should see your slides, and a video feed of you speaking. As mentioned above, your session chair may relay questions from Discord.  
 Remote Presenters   
 ISMM’23 authors are expected to be present at the conference.  
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Sun 7 May 2023  
  Camera Ready Deadline 
 Mon 24 Apr 2023  
  Notification to Authors 
 Mon 10 - Wed 12 Apr 2023  
  Author Response Period 
 Fri 3 Mar 2023  
  Submission Deadline 
 Submission Link   
  ISMM 2023   
   Support page    
 Tracks  
 ISMM 2023    
 Attending  
