  for Presence Research   
       About ISPR | Board of Directors 
  Bylaws 
  Store 
  About presence | Presence defined 
  Bibliography | Suggest Bibliography Reference 
  Tools to measure presence | ISPR Measures Statement and Compendium 
  OmniPres Guide and Compendium 
  Researchers | Researchers Update Form 
  Membership 
  ISPR Presence News | Subscribe to ISPR Presence News 
  Submit item for ISPR Presence News 
 Month: August 2023   
  Canadian play on climate change brings digital and physical worlds crashing together | Published:   
 August 31, 2023 | [This CBC story describes a creative and boundary-extending use of virtual reality and presence in a theater experience designed by Chris Salter, the Director of the Immersive Arts Space at the Zurich University of the Arts. See the original story for four more pictures. The Montreal shows have unfortunately ended but you can find out more about Animate on the MUTEK website. –Matthew] [Image: An audience in the Italian city of Paestum watches a performance of the VR-enhanced play Animate by director Chris Salter. Credit: Megan Williams/CBC] Canadian play on climate change brings digital and physical worlds crashing together VR… | Read more : Canadian play on climate change brings digital and physical worlds crashing together 
  Call: “The Natural World in the Cinema” for Aniki: Portuguese Journal of the Moving Image | Published:   
  Real cows, not CGI’d versions, are stars of this 3D illusions billboard campaign in UK | Published:   
 August 30, 2023 | [Arguably another step toward more effective presence illusions, a new 3D billboard campaign for the UK retail chain Marks & Spencer features live action, ‘in camera’ images rather than computer-generated ones. For context, coverage in DesignTAXI notes that “If there’s an emerging trend in the world of out-of-home advertisements, it’s 3D billboards. Previously, Subway allowed passers-by to design their very own sandwiches in real-time, while Adidas celebrated Lionel Messi’s World Cup victory with a giant display.” Creative Review adds ”The 3D billboard is definitely having a moment, with brands using the format to sell everything from movies to trainers (see… | Read more : Real cows, not CGI’d versions, are stars of this 3D illusions billboard campaign in UK 
  Job: Assistant Professor of Immersive Media Communications at University of Oregon | Published:   
  Medium-as-social-actor presence: If AI becomes conscious, how will we know? | Published:   
 August 28, 2023 | [For decades now the misperception that a computer is a human-like social actor rather than just a technology following its programming has been considered an illusion. And until recently it seemed clear that the perception of an AI as more than a technology was too. But as this story from Science reports, as technology evolves the distinctions become less clear. Scholars across disciplines are now developing methods and measures to help us separate effective mimicry that evokes medium-as-social-actor presence, from machines that have actually attained consciousness. Even defining the key terms is challenging (e.g., consciousness is not the same as… | Read more : Medium-as-social-actor presence: If AI becomes conscious, how will we know? 
  Call: Communication and Technology Interest Group, Central States Comm. Assoc. (CSCA) 2024 | Published:   
  Scream therapy: The benefits of immersive horror | Published:   
 August 24, 2023 | [This story from Psychology Today describes potential psychological benefits of immersive horror experiences that combine “live actors, intricate sets, physical effects like heat and cold, and psychological ‘tricks’ to help induce fear.” As the author is careful to note, these intense experiences aren’t recommended for or appealing to everyone (!). See the original version for a second image. –Matthew] [Image: Credit: Mathias Verduyckt / Quietus Horror] Scream Therapy: The Benefits of Immersive Horror The unexpected mental health benefits of facing fear through immersive horror. By Llewellyn E. van Zyl Ph.D. | Reviewed by Devon Frye August 7, 2023 Standing blindfolded,… | Read more : Scream therapy: The benefits of immersive horror 
  Next Page →    
 ISPR Presence News   
 Subscribe    
 Search ISPR Presence News:   
 Search     
  Categories  
 Presence in the News 
  ISPR News 
  Calls 
  Jobs 
  May 2024 | (24) 
  April 2024 | (27) 
  December 2022 | (24) 
  Recent Posts  
 Call: Real and Imagined Spaces in Film Conference | November 22, 2024 
  Study: VR and presence boost police officer empathy with people in mental health crisis | November 22, 2024 
  Jobs: Faculty positions at Northeastern U. in Extended Reality, AI and Design (Boston & Oakland) | November 21, 2024 
  Minecraft AI may represent the future of real-time video generation | November 21, 2024 
  The future of ADHD treatment? LSU’s VR research aims to help students focus and succeed | November 20, 2024 
  Recent Comments  
 Ali Alajmi  on Presence Picture #12: ‘Virtual Bowie Coupe’ on train to exhibit in Grongen, Netherlands 
  Ali Alajmi  on Presence Pictures: Robots at Work and Play 
  Jackson Neill  on Living in “third person view” with VR and a backpack-mounted camera 
  Jackson Neill  on Presence after death: Deepak Chopra made a digital clone of himself, and other celebs could soon follow 
  Jackson Neill  on Extend Robotics launches R:O:B:, a teleoperated “robotically optimised bartender” 
 Subscribe to ISPR Presence News  
 Learn more    
 Categories   
 Categories  Select Category  Calls  ISPR News  Jobs  New Publication  Presence in the News  Presence Pictures  Uncategorized