ISSTA 2023   Mon 17 - Fri 21 July 2023 Seattle (University of Washington campus), Washington, United States    
 co-located with ECOOP and ISSTA 2023    
 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Seattle 
  Travel Support 
  ECOOP and ISSTA 2023 
  Conduct 
  Covid-19 
  Registration 
  Visas 
  Program | ISSTA Program 
  Your Program 
  Schedule Overview 
   Mon 17 Jul 
  Tue 18 Jul 
  Wed 19 Jul 
  Thu 20 Jul 
  Fri 21 Jul 
  Tracks | ISSTA 2023 
  Technical Papers 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Tool Demonstrations 
  Keynotes 
  ECOOP and ISSTA 2023 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Keynotes 
  ICOOOLPS 
  VORTEX 
  Organization | ISSTA 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Tool Demonstrations 
  ECOOP and ISSTA 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Sponsorships 
  Series | Series 
  ISSTA 2024 
  ISSTA 2023 
  ISSTA 2022 
  Online sessions and Zoom links 
  Opening Remarks 
  ISSTA 2023  
 The ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis (ISSTA) is the leading research symposium on software testing and analysis, bringing together academics, industrial researchers, and practitioners to exchange new ideas, problems, and experience on how to analyze and test software systems.  
 ISSTA Impact Paper Award:   
 We are pleased to announce the winner of this year’s ISSTA Impact Paper Award:  
 Paper Title:  Calculating source line level energy information for Android applications 
  Authors:  Ding Li, Shuai Hao, William G.J. Halfond, Ramesh Govindan 
  This insightful paper addresses a critical issue in mobile application development: managing the energy cost of increased functionality in battery constrained mobile devices.  
 Don’t miss their award presentation on Wednesday!  This session offers an invaluable chance to delve deeper into their research and engage in a dialogue with the authors. Ensure to mark this important occasion in your schedule!  
 Baishakhi Ray   
 ISSTA/ECOOP'23: Welcome to Seattle and logistics  
 Dear ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 participants,  
 We look forward to welcoming you to the joint conference next week.  
 Below are a number of logistical notes as well as guidelines for presenters. (For convenience, this and other communications will appear on the conference website as well.)  
 On behalf of the ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 organizing committee, welcome to Seattle!  
 René Just  
 Light Rail   
 (The two buildings are adjacent, though the street numbers may suggest otherwise.)  
 Registration   
 Please pick up your conference badge and registration package at the registration desk in the Allen Center. Just enter the building through the sliding doors, and the reception desk will be in front of you. The registration desk will be staffed between 8am and 5pm, Monday through Thursday, and between 8am and noon on Friday.  
 Technical Program   
 You can find a program overview and details for the entire week on the ISSTA/ECOOP website  . (The programs on the ISSTA and ECOOP website instances are in sync with the overall program, but provide a view that is tailored to each conference.)  
 Guidelines for presenters   
 In-person presentations:  Presentation slots are 15 minutes (unless differently indicated by your track chair). Please follow the instructions provided to you by your track chair to allow for enough time for Q&A. Please go to your allocated room 15 minutes before the session start time to meet with the Session Chair (see technical program), review the pronunciation of your name, and familiarize yourself with the room and A/V set up, if needed (see Rehearsal and equipment check). You are expected to use your own laptop for presentations, which needs to be connected via HDMI. Some dongles (USB-C) may be available but bring your own adapter if needed. For ISSTA and ECOOP presentations, the A/V system is set up such that it will capture the screen, presenter, and audio, which will be streamed for remote participants via Zoom. Note that you do not need to join a Zoom meeting, simply plug in your device and use the wireless microphone provided. 
  ISSTA-Online presentations:  Presentation slots are 10 minutes. Prepare for 7.5 minutes of presentation and 2.5 minutes of Q&A. You will be required to present via Zoom. Please join the zoom meeting for your online session 15 minutes before the session start time. The zoom meeting details will be shared separately before the main conference. To avoid complications, please install the latest Zoom application on your computer and do not present via a web browser. Make sure your Zoom setup is working properly by running the Zoom audio/video test before joining the call. If your presentation contains any audio, you must enable the sharing of audio when sharing your screen. When you have finished your presentation, please stop sharing your screen and mute your microphone. 
  Rehearsal and equipment check:  We have reserved room G04 for presentation rehearsal and equipment testing. The A/V setup is identical in all conference rooms. If your set up works in G04, it should work everywhere. 
  Need Help?   
 Signs and student volunteers (in purple shirts) will guide you and help you find your way around campus. If you need additional help or support, please let a staff member at the registration desk know or email April and René.  
 Online sessions and Zoom links  
 Dear ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 participants,  
 Below are four meeting links for joining the conference remotely, grouped by conference room. These links are valid for the entire week, and each meeting will start at 10:15am (PDT) on any given day. Please see the online program  for details regarding sessions, rooms, and presentation order.  
 For online presenters   
 Please make sure to virtually join your meeting room 15 minutes prior to the start of your session to connect with your session chair and a student volunteer in the (physical) conference room.  
 For in-person participants   
 All remote presentations are streamed in the physical conference rooms (in the order as listed in the program). In-person participants will be able to ask questions using a wireless microphone and do not need to connect to Zoom.  
 Habib Classroom (Gates G01)   
  ISSTA Online 2 (Static Analysis) 
  ISSTA Online 5 (Domain-specific Testing) 
  Bezos Seminar Room (Gates G04)   
  ISSTA Online 3 (Empirical Studies) 
  ISSTA Online 6 (Smart Contracts and Automotive) 
  Smith Classroom (Gates G10)   
  ISSTA Online 1 (SE and Deep Learning) 
  ISSTA Online 4 (Testing and Analysis of Deep Learning Systems) 
  Amazon Auditorium (Gates G20)   
  ISSTA-online keynote 
  ISSTA’24 preview 
  ISSTA closing 
  On behalf of the ISSTA/ECOOP 2023 organizing committee,  
 René Just  
 &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support PDFs. Use the link above to access the PDF.&lt;/p&gt;    
  ISSTA 2023 Tracks   
 Technical Papers  | Artifact Evaluation  | Tool Demonstrations  | Keynotes  | Doctoral Symposium  | Keynotes  | Sponsorships  | Student Research Competition  | Student Volunteers  | Workshops   
  ISSTA 2023   
   Support page    
  Keynotes   
  ECOOP and ISSTA 2023  
 Doctoral Symposium   
  Keynotes   
  Workshops    
 Workshops  
 COP 2023   
  DEBT 2023   
  FTfJP 2023   
  FUZZING 2023   
  ICOOOLPS 2023   
  VORTEX 2023    
 Attending  
 Venue: Seattle   
  Travel Support   
  ECOOP/ISSTA Code of Conduct   
  ECOOP/ISSTA Covid-19 Disclosure & Liability Waiver   
  Accommodation   
  ECOOP / ISSTA 2023 Registration Is Open   
  Visas