Skip to content    19 th  International Symposium on Visual Computing  
  Lake Tahoe, NV   
 October 21-23, 2024   
  Slide One   
 Call for Papers  
 ISVC seeks papers describing contributions to the state of the art and practice in the broad field of visual computing. The symposium is structured around the four central areas of visual computing:  
 Computer Vision 
  Computer Graphics 
  Virtual Reality 
  Visualization 
  In particular, we are interested in papers that combine technologies from two or more of these areas. In addition to the main symposium, we are soliciting papers for several special tracks related to ISVC. In submitting your paper, you should also check whether it might be a good fit for any of the special tracks  being organized this year.  
 Area 1: Computer Vision  
 Computer vision, the study of enabling computers to understand and interpret visual information from static images and video sequences, is expanding rapidly throughout the world. During the past ten years, computer vision has grown from a research area to a widely accepted technology, capable of providing dramatic increase in productivity and improving living standard. We are seeking papers covering both the theory and applications of computer vision. Topics of interest include all aspects of computer vision including, but not limited, to the following areas:  
  Applications 
  Area 2: Computer Graphics  
 Advances and breakthroughs in computer graphics have made visual media the basis of the modern user interface. It is clear that graphics will play a dominant role in the way people communicate and interact with computers in the future. ISVC seeks original research and applied papers in all areas of computer graphics. Topics of interest include all aspects of computer graphics including, but not limited, to the following areas:  
 Geometric Modeling 
  Physically Based Modeling 
  Applications 
  Area 3: Virtual Reality  
 Virtual reality (VR) enables users to experience a three-dimensional environment generated using computer graphics, and perhaps other sensory modalities, to provide an environment for enhanced interaction between a human user and a computer-created world. ISVC seeks original research and applied papers in all areas of virtual reality, as well as augmented reality, mixed reality and 3D HCI. Topics of interest include all aspects of virtual reality including, but not limited, to the following areas:  
 Augmented Reality 
  Mixed Reality 
 Search for:       
 SYMPOSIUM FLYER 
  PAPER SUBMISSION 
  ONLINE REGISTRATION 
  ACCOMMODATION 
  Twitter 
 Copyright © 2024 ISVC