  Contact 
 Home  »  News  »  VKU: THE 12TH CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND ITS APPLICATIONS (CITA 2023)   
 VKU: THE 12TH CONFERENCE ON INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND ITS APPLICATIONS (CITA 2023)  
            29/07/2023  Share with  
  On July 28-29, 2023, the 12th Conference on Information technology and its applications – CITA 2023 was hosted by the Vietnam-Korea University of Information and Communication Technology (VKU) – the University of Da Nang and the Vietnam ICT Club of Faculties – Institutes – Schools – Universities (FISU Vietnam), along with the professional sponsorship and companionship of Springer Publishing House, IEEE SMC, Wroclaw University of Technology (Poland), Korea International Cooperation Agency (KOICA), Phenikaa University and Nam Long Technology Investment Group.    
 Delegates take souvenir photos at the 12th Conference on Information Technology and Applications in various fields – CITA 2023   
 Attending the Conference, on the side of the organizer – the Vietnam – Korea University of Information and Communication Technology, the University of Da Nang: Assoc. Prof. Ph.D. Huynh Cong Phap – Rector, Assoc. Prof. Ph.D. Nguyen Thanh Binh – University Council Chairman, Dr. Tran The Son – Vice Rector; and the co-organizer is Vietnam ICT Club of Faculties – Institutes – Schools – Universities (FISU Vietnam) with Prof. Ph.D. Nguyen Thanh Thuy – Chairman of FISU Vietnam.  
 Advisory and Professional Sponsoring Board, with: Prof. Ph.D. Nguyen Ngoc Thanh – University of Wroclaw, Poland; Prof. Ph.D. Le Minh Hoa – Northumbria University, UK; Assoc. Prof. Ph.D. Le Khac Nhien An – University of Dublin, Ireland; Dr. Nguyen Quang Hung, Editor of Information and Communications Magazine, Ministry of Information and Communications.  
 Assoc.Prof.Dr. Huynh Cong Phap – Rector of VKU University, Head of the Organizing Committee of CITA 2023 Seminar giving opening speech   
 At the opening session, Assoc. Prof. Ph.D. Huynh Cong Phap – Rector of VKU University, Chairman of the CITA 2023 Organizing Committee gave an opening speech, welcomed and thanked FISU Vietnam, the community of scientists, the network of training and research institutions, domestic and international enterprises and organizations that have accompanied and supported the University as well as the 12-year process of forming and developing the CITA Conference, and emphasized the role, position and responsibility of VKU University to the community and the development of science, technology, training in information technology and digital transformation of the Central – Central Highlands region and the country. VKU is one of the three major public universities in the country and the only one in the Central – Central Highlands region to provide intensive training and research in information technology, communication and digital economy with the orient operation in the international university model, advanced management to provide high quality human resources for the 4th industrial revolution and international integration, including: (1) Software Engineering; (2) Data Science & AI; (3) IoT & Robotics; (4) Cyber Security; (5) E-commerce; (6) Digital Marketing; (7) Finance – Digital Accounting; (8) Multimedia Communication; (9) Digital Arts.  
 Professor Le Khac Nhien An from the School of Computer Science of University College Dublin, Ireland reported on issues related to Artificial Intelligence in Cybersecurity and Digital Forensics   
 In particular, at the CITA 2023 plenary session, a quality reported by the very prestigious and famous Vietnamese Prof. Le Khac Nhien An from the School of Computer Science, the University of Dublin, Ireland on issues related to “Artificial Intelligence in Cybersecurity and Digital Forensics”.  
 Reporting sessions with many interesting and thriving topics today in information technology, communication and digital economy   
 The Conference will take place in 11 parallel reporting sessions (6 national and 5 international sessions) with many good topics and current developments in information technology, communication and digital economy including:  
 · Data science and artificial intelligence;  
 · Image processing and natural language;  
 · Communication networks  
 · Digital economics  
 At the closing session, the Organizing Committee decided to award 3 author groups with the best paper: 1 article of the International Track for authors from Vietnam and Korea (title: Car Detector based on Yolov5 for Parking Management), 1 article of the National Track for authors from Vietnam and Canada (title: A Knowledge-based Framework for Developing Smart Interfaces for Smart Service Systems) and 1 article for students from Vietnam and Ireland (title: Building Legal Knowledge Map Repository with NLP Toolkits).  
 The organizers decided to award 3 groups of authors with the best paper (Best paper)   
 The 12th conference on information technology and its applications (CITA 2023) has once again affirmed the prestige and professional quality, which is a bridge between domestic and foreign scientists to contribute intelligence, science technology in the field of information technology, communication and digital economy to promote the scientific development and digital transformation of the country. Also at the CITA 2023 closing session, Assoc. Prof. Ph.D. Huynh Cong Phap, Chairman of the Organizing Committee launched the CITA 2024 with the co-hosting of the Southeast Asian University Community (ACIR).  
 Some pictures:   
 15/11/2024  VKU: Opening Ceremony of the 2024 Winter Camp for Outstanding High School Students in Informatics from the Central – Central Highlands   
 On the morning of November 14, 2024, the Opening ceremony of the 2024 Winter Camp for Outstanding High School Students in Informatics from the Central – Central Highlands was held at Vietnam-Korea University of Information and Communication Technology (VKU), the University of Danang. This is the first time VKU has hosted the Winter Camp in […]  
 13/11/2024  VKU discusses collaboration with Fundgo Investment Fund and Pocket Company, Korea to enhance training and support for student startups   
 On the afternoon of November 12, 2024, Vietnam – Korea University of Information and Communication Technology (VKU), the University of Danang had a meeting with the delegation of Fundgo Creative Startup Investment Fund and Pocket Company (Korea). Overview of the meeting Attending the meeting, on behalf of FundGo Fund, there were Mr. Nguyen Chi Cong […]  
 09/11/2024  VKU Discusses Cooperation with the Danang Hi-tech Park General Service Center   
 On the morning of November 8, 2024, Vietnam-Korea University of Information and Communication Technology (VKU), the University of Danang, had a working session with the Danang Hi-tech Park General Service Center (DSC) to discuss cooperation in connecting and coordinating activities between laboratories. Overview of the meeting On behalf of DSC, there was Mr. Ngo Tan […]  
 Union  
  Newsletter 
 Copyright belongs to Vietnam-Korea University of Information and Communications Technology – University of Danang 2023  
