 Events 
  ITiCSE Conference 
 ITiCSE Conference  
 We are calling for expressions of interest in the ITiCSE leadership for future years.    
 Typical ITiCSE Schedule  
 Friday Working groups arrive and meet 
  Saturday Working groups meet, doctoral consortium 
  Poster sessions at coffee breaks Monday through Wednesday. 
  Policies  
 ITiCSE Specific  
 Current Steering committee  
 Policies that apply to all conferences  
 Get Involved  
 Proposing an ITiCSE Location  
 The ITiCSE Steering Committee would like to hear from computing faculty interested in hosting an ITiCSE conference at their institution or those interested in serving as program chairs. Here is the call for Expressing Interest in the leadership for future ITiCSE.   
 For further information about see the ITiCSE FAQ  or for additional information about hosting ITiCSE, here are some guidelines  .  
 Application for Membership of the Conference Committee  
 Prospective ITiCSE Conference Committee members are expected to have previous ITiCSE involvement including previous conference attendance. Working group participation and previous conference organizing experience are, while not strictly required, highly recommended.  
 If interested, apply to be a member of the conference committee by filling out this form   . See the ITICSE section on Policies (above) for details on responsibilities for the different positions. Also feel free to consult the ITiCSE FAQ  for additional information about the conference.  
 ITiCSE History  
 A History of SIGCSE Events  (maintained by Susan Rodger)  
 Latest ITiCSE conferences  
 Follow these links for the current ITiCSE Conference  or the previous ITiCSE conference web sites and proceedings in the ACM DL. You can even browse by the proceeding covers  .  
  ITiCSE 2023: Proceedings of the 2023 Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education V. 2 
  ITiCSE-WGR ‘23: Proceedings of the 2023 Working Group Reports on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education 
  ITiCSE ’22: Proceedings of the 27th ACM Conference on on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education v2 
  ITiCSE-WGR ‘22: Proceedings of the 2022 Working Group Reports on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education 
  ITiCSE ‘21: Proceedings of the 26th ACM Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education v2 
  View all ITiCSE conferences 
 About SIGCSE  
 Upcoming SIGCSE Events  
 ITiCSE 2024  
 8-10 July 2024 (WG: 5-7 July)  
  Milan, Italy 
  ICER '24  
 13-15 August 2024  
  RMIT, Melbourne, Australia 
  SIGCSE Virtual 2024  
 05-07 December 2024  
  Online 
