 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 International Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving  
   Bialystok, Poland  
   Conference Dates: Jul 31, 2023 - Aug 04, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 1.00   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
  The aim of the conference is to expand the discussion of research in Programming language, HOL, Proof assistant, Theoretical computer science and Mathematical proof. Topics in Programming language explored in the conference were investigated in conjunction with research in Gas meter prover and Code (cryptography). While HOL is the focus of Interactive Theorem Proving, it also provided insights into the studies of Type (model theory), Separation logic, Higher-order logic, Code generation and Algorithm.  
 Interactive Theorem Proving addresses concerns in Proof assistant which are intertwined with other disciplines, such as Rewriting, Set (abstract data type), Type theory and Calculus. In it, Probabilistic logic, Correctness, Soundness and Data structure are investigated in conjunction with one another to address concerns in Theoretical computer science research. Discrete mathematics and Development (topology) are some topics wherein Mathematical proof research discussed in the event have an impact.  
 The main emphasis of it is the research on Automated theorem proving, emphasizing the topic of ACL2. The main emphasis of Interactive Theorem Proving is the subject of Algebra, focusing on Algebraic number.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Interactive Theorem Proving:  
 The conference papers primarily tackle Programming language, HOL, Theoretical computer science, Proof assistant and Mathematical proof. Programming language study tackled in the most cited articles is connected to the field of Development (topology). The conference papers address concerns in HOL which are intertwined with other disciplines, such as Refinement calculus, Type (model theory), Code (cryptography), Haskell and Algorithm.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Programming language 
  Algebra 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 The conference mainly deals with areas of study such as Programming language, HOL, Theoretical computer science, Discrete mathematics and Proof assistant. Some problems in Programming language that were presented in Interactive Theorem Proving overlapped with concepts under Scalability and De Bruijn sequence. The conference holds forums on HOL that merges themes from other disciplines such as Automated theorem proving, Mathematical analysis, Hierarchy (mathematics), Code generation and Data structure.  
 Issues in Theoretical computer science were discussed, taking into consideration concepts from other disciplines like Mathematical proof, Correctness and Implementation. The research on Discrete mathematics tackled can also make contributions to studies in the areas of Development (topology) and Combinatorics. The studies in Proof assistant featured incorporate elements of Height function, Process calculus, Constant (computer programming) and Set (abstract data type).  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  Autosubst: Reasoning with de Bruijn Terms and Parallel Substitutions (29 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 The top authors publishing at Interactive Theorem Proving (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Andreas Lochbihler | (5 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Dmitriy Traytel | (4 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 2 less than at the previous edition, 
  Sofiène Tahar | (4 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Ramana Kumar | (4 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 1 more than at the previous edition, 
  Johannes Hölzl | (4 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  Saarland University | (4 papers) | published 3 papers at the last edition, 2 more than at the previous edition, 
  Centre national de la recherche scientifique | (4 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 Thirteenth Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving   
 Aug 07, 2022 - Aug 10, 2022  
 Haifa, Israel  
 Fourteenth Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving   
 Jul 31, 2023 - Aug 04, 2023  
 Białystok, Poland  
 International Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving   
 Jul 31, 2023 - Aug 04, 2023  
 Bialystok, Poland  
  Best Online Doctorate in Pharmacy (Pharm.D.) Programs for 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 International Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
