  Athens, Greece 
   ITS 
  BFAL 
  NIDS 
 Intelligent Tutoring Systems (ITS) International Conferences    
 The Series of Intelligent Tutoring Systems Conferences on Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality, Gamification, Machine Learning, or Virtual Reality  .   
  – Human in the Loop, Understanding Human Learning on the Web in a Virtual (Digital) World. 
  – Machine Behaviour (MB), Explainable AI, Bias in AI in Learning Environments. 
  Emotions, Modeling of Motivation, Metacognition and Affect Aspects of Learning, Affective Computing and ITS. 
  – Extended Reality (XR), Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR), Mixed Reality (MR) in Learning Technologies. 
  – Informal Learning Environments, Learning as a Side Effect of Interactions. 
  – Causal Modeling and Constraints-based Modeling in Intelligent Tutoring. 
      ITS CONFERENCES   
 The ITS conference series enables, supports and enhances human learning, through an interdisciplinary research approach on Intelligent Systems. By linking together the study of the use of advanced computer technologies and various other themes, such as education, tutoring and etc, the ITS conference series builds the foundation for the evaluation of the use of Intelligent Systems in education, modeling innovative applications of technologies and the adaptation of systems to specific groups of learners.  
 The proceedings of the conferences are published with Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science  .  
      SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS   
 ITS papers should be original and not published or submitted to any other journal or conference  .  
 The ITS Proceedings are published in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series (LNCS) by Springer.  
 All paper submissions  should be made through Springer’s OCS platform  :  Authors should use the only function “submit your abstract” provided by OCS to submit their paper which includes an abstract.  
 Paper submissions should be in PDF  .  
 Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines  and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX  or for Word  , for the preparation of their paper. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their paper.  
 All questions about submissions should be emailed to info@iis-international.org    
 TIMELINE   
  ITS2024 - THESSALONIKI  Augmented Intelligence and ITS  Read More 
  ITS2023 - CORFU  Augmented Intelligence and ITS  Read More 
  ITS2022 - BUCHAREST  New Challenges for ITS During and After COVID  Read More 
 ITS 
  BFAL 
  NIDS 
