ITS    
 NIDS    
 IIS organizes conferences, educational seminars, tutorials and workshops for researchers, academics and business representatives. IIS is the Institute of Intelligent Systems, which examines and studies interdisciplinary science, such as Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality, Gamification, Machine Learning or Virtual Reality  .    
 Dear ITS friends ,   
 we are happy to announce that the ITS2024 Conference which will take place in June 2024 in Thessaloniki (Greece) has been launched. Please check the  CFP   to submit your work. Looking forward to meeting you all in the beautiful city of Thessaloniki.    
 You can check our ITS2024 website here:   
 ITS 
  NIDS 
  Institute of Intelligent Systems   
 ITS2023  
 ITS2023  is the upcoming Conference of the series of Intelligent Tutoring Systems Conferences on Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning in Tutoring and Education. ITS2023  will be held in Corfu, Greece from June 2 to June 5, 2023.  The conference will be hybrid and it will allow participants to attend it on-line too.  
  CFP ITS2023     
 NIDS2023  
 ITS2023  is the upcoming Conference of the series of Intelligent Tutoring Systems Conferences on Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning in Tutoring and Education. ITS2023  will be held in Corfu, Greece from June 2 to June 5, 2023.  The conference will be hybrid and it will allow participants to attend it on-line too.  
  CFP NIDS2023     
 IIS organizes conferences, educational seminars, tutorials and workshops for researchers, academics and business representatives.   
 IIS is the permanent organiser of the Intelligent Tutoring System Conference (ITS) series on advanced computer science linked with education, Cognitive Psychology, pedagogy, health and neurosciences, social welfare, sports, transportation, environment, infrastructure, etc. In addition to the ITS Conference, a variety of seminars, tutorials and workshops invite professors, PhD and Postdoc students, as well as tech-exhibitors to present their research and outcomes to academia, industry, university peers and colleagues. Conference proceedings are published with Springer in the Lecture Notes on Computer Sciences (LNCS) series and Lecture Notes on Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series.  
 Read More   Show Less     
 Kitty Panourgia, from NEOANALYSIS, is the ITS Conference Organisation Chair and the coordinator of the activities of IIS. She has an academic background in Psychology and Education, holding a PhD in Education from the University of Geneva, Switzerland. She is specialized in the organization and planning of educational activities and interventions, and their publicity and promotion.   
 Read More  Show Less     
   Connecting People  
 To connect various research areas with each other, to advance the academic field of Intelligent Systems, improve its adaptability to industry needs and real-life problems.  
   Technological Development  
 HOME     
 ITS     
 NIDS     
