ICST 2023   Sun 16 - Thu 20 April 2023 Dublin, Ireland    
 Toggle navigation        
  Schedule Overview 
  Social Events 
   Sun 16 Apr 
  Mon 17 Apr 
  Tue 18 Apr 
  Wed 19 Apr 
  Thu 20 Apr 
  Tracks | ICST 2023 
  Research Papers 
  Industry 
  NEXTA 
  TestEd 
  Organization | ICST 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  ICST 2024 
  ICST 2023 
  ICST 2022 
  Sign up 
  ICST 2023  ( series  ) /  IWCT 2023 ( series  ) /  12th International Workshop on Combinatorial Testing IWCT 2023   
 About 
  Accepted Papers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Post-Proceedings of IWCT and A-MOST 2023 
  Call for Papers 
  IWCT 2023 is to be held in conjunction with ICST 2023, focusing on combinatorial testing. The workshop welcomes academic research submissions, as well as industrial experience reports.  
 Combinatorial Testing (CT), or Combinatorial Interaction Testing (CIT), is a widely applicable generic methodology and technology for software verification and validation, considered a testing best practice. In a combinatorial test plan, all interactions between parameters up to a certain level are covered. For example, in pairwise testing, for every pair of parameters, every pair of values will appear at least once. Studies show that CT is more efficient and effective than random testing.  
 CT has gained significant interest in recent years, both in research and in practice. However, many issues still remain unresolved, and much research is still needed in the field. For example, while pairwise testing is a well recognized and popular test planning method, investigations of actual failures in a number of software and systems convincingly show that pairwise testing is usually not sufficient, so high strength CT (i.e., t-way for t > 2) may be needed.  
 In addition, the combinatorial test plans need to exclude invalid combinations of test values that cannot be executed, which limits the degrees of freedom the algorithms have, thus complicating the problem. Moreover, modeling languages and tools for easily capturing the input test space are also required for real-life applicability of CT. Other obstacles for wide acceptance of CT in industry are the gap between the generated test plans and executable tests, and the difficulty in determining expected results for the generated tests. Finally, empirical studies on CT, as well as thorough comparison with other methods, are also required.  
 In this workshop, we plan to bring together researchers actively working on combinatorial testing, and create a productive and creative environment for sharing and collaboration. IWCT being the primary venue dedicated to CT, yet there are many researchers working in the field, we expect, like in previous years, to see high responsiveness to take part in the workshop. Researchers attending the workshop will have an opportunity to publish their work in a dedicated venue, create new collaborations and take active part in the growing community of researchers working in the field.  
 The workshop will also be a meeting place between academia and industry, thus uniting academic excellence and industrial experience and needs. This will allow participants from academia to learn about the industrial experience in practical application of CT to real-life testing problems, and together with the colleagues from industry identify the difficulties that are obstacle to wider application of CT, and should be addressed in future research. Industrial participants will have an opportunity to meet the leading scientists in the field, and hear about the latest advances and innovations.  
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Sun 16 Apr   
 Displayed time zone: Dublin  change      
 5m    
 Day closing | Closing Remarks for IWCT 2023   IWCT   
 Dimitris Simos  SBA Research 
 We invite submissions of high-quality papers presenting original work on both theoretical and experimental aspects of combinatorial testing  (CT)  .   
 Each submitted paper must conform to the IEEE two-column publication format  . All papers will be reviewed by at least three  members from the program committee. If a submission is accepted, at least one author  of the paper is required to attend the workshop  and present the paper  for it to be published in the ICST 2023 workshop proceedings.  
 Submission   
 Full and short papers   
 We invite submissions for full papers  (up to 8 pages, excluding references) as well as short papers  (up to 4 pages, excluding references). For both of these submission types, pages are not a strict limit, if you need more space please contact the chairs. Accepted papers in these two categories – full and short – will be part of the proceedings of IWCT 2023.  
 Journal-First   
 The aim of the Journal-First (JF)  submission category is to further enrich the program of IWCT, as well as to provide an overall more flexible path to publication and dissemination of original research that is within the scope of IWCT. A submission in this category must adhere to the following criteria:  
 It should be clearly within the scope of the workshop. 
  It has not been presented at, and is not under consideration for, Journal- First tracks of other conferences or workshops. 
  The submission has to be in the form of a 2-page extended abstract and has to provide a concise summary of the published journal paper. 
  Journal-First submissions must be marked as such in the submission’s title, and must explicitly include full bibliographic details (including a DOI) of the journal publication they are based on. Since the referenced journal papers have already been reviewed and accepted by the corresponding journals, submissions in the JF category will not be reviewed again for technical content. Submissions will be judged on the basis of the above criteria, but also considering how well they would complement the workshop’s technical program. Accepted submissions in this category will be part of the proceedings of IWCT 2023, with the title equal to the original title of the article with the prefix Summary of  .  
 Posters   
 In addition to the traditional program topics from the past years, and taking advantage of the fact that some of the lead CT tool developers have expressed interest in participating again in the second iteration of the CT competition (see below), we would like to offer with the poster session a low-threshold opportunity – especially targeting industry – to present activities within the scope of the workshop to the participants of IWCT. A tool demonstration can be given along a poster. In case a poster contribution wishes to provide more details or information, but does not want to submit a short of full paper, the authors can choose to submit in addition to the poster a maximal 2-page extended abstract detailing the content of the poster. The title of the extended abstract has to have the prefix Extended Abstract of Poster  and these extended abstracts – if accepted – will also appear in the proceedings of IWCT 2023.  
 CT competition   
 IWCT 2023 will also host the 2nd combinatorial testing competition  for combinatorial test generation tools. Details for how to participate can be found here  .  
 Special Issue in Section of Springer Nature Journal   
 We plan to organize a call among the best papers of the workshop to submit extended versions in the Springer Nature Computer Science  journal in the Section Combinatorial Methods and Models in System Testing  . More information will be provided at the workshop.  
  Michael Wagner, Charles Colbourn and Dimitris E. Simos. | Summary of In-Parameter-Order strategies for covering perfect hash families 
 Post-Proceedings of IWCT and A-MOST 2023  
 Dear Authors of IWCT and A-MOST,  
 We call for extended versions of submitted papers to the 19th Workshop on Advances in Model Based Testing (A-MOST 2023) and the 12th International Workshop on Combinatorial Testing (IWCT 2023), which were both held co-located with the 16th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST 2023) in Dublin, Ireland in April 2023, to be considered for publication as post-proceedings in a special issue of the journal SN Computer Science  in the Section Combinatorial Methods and Models in System Testing  . We will consider submissions containing at least 30% new material and authors should make sure to clearly explain the additional contribution in their submissions.  
 This SI of the journal ‘Springer Nature Computer Science’ in the ‘SECTION VI- Combinatorial Methods and Models in System Testing’ dedicated to post-proceedings of both IWCT and A-MOST 2023 with the title “Advances in Combinatorial and Model-based Testing 2023” is now officially listed on the journal’s homepage at (NEW submission deadline November 20, 2023):  
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Sun 16 Apr 2023  
  IWCT 
 Wed 1 Mar 2023  
  Camera-ready Version 
 Fri 24 Feb 2023  
  Tool submission for competition 
 Fri 17 Feb 2023  
  Notification 
 Fri 27 Jan 2023   
  Paper and poster submission (extended) 
 Submission Link   
  ICST 2023   
  contact form    
  Previous Editions    
 Workshops  
 A-MOST 2023   
  AIST 2023   
  CCIW 2023   
  CoAST 2023   
  INTUITESTBEDS 2023   
  ITEQS 2023   
  IWCT 2023   
  InSTA 2023   
  Mutation 2023   
  NEXTA 2023   
  TestEd 2023    
 Attending  
