Skip to content   
 IWOCA 2023   
 IWOCA 2023   
     IWOCA 2023 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
 IWOCA 2023 will be a hybrid conference   with both online and onsite participants.  
  Authors of accepted papers are expected to give an onsite talk or an online talk.  
 The topics of interest include (but are not limited to) the following:  
  Ad Hoc, Dynamic and Evolving Networks 
  Foundations of Cloud Computing 
  Conference proceedings will be published in the ARCoSS subline of the Springer “Lecture Notes in Computer Science” series.  
  Papers of high quality will be invited to special issues of “Journal of Computer and System Sciences” and “Theoretical Computer Science”, devoted to IWOCA 2023.  
 Awards  
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper. To be eligible for the best student paper award, at least one of the paper authors must be a full-time student at the time of submission, and the student(s) must have made a significant contribution to the paper. The program committee may decline to make these awards or may split them.  
 Submission instructions  
 Authors are invited to submit high-quality manuscripts reporting original unpublished research in the topics related to the symposium. Simultaneous submission to other conferences or workshops with published proceedings is not allowed. It is required that each accepted paper be presented at the conference by one of its authors.  
 Submissions must be in the form of a single pdf file prepared using the LNCS latex templates and style files. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available on Overleaf. Springer’s authors’ guidelines may be consulted here.  
 Each submission should consist of the main part of the paper, not exceeding 12 pages (including the title page and excluding the references), plus an optional clearly marked appendix (to be read at the discretion of the program committee). Any figure pertaining to the main part of the paper should be included therein (within the 12 page limit). The first page must include an indication of whether the paper is eligible for the best student paper award.  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EasyChair at the following link:  
  Notification to authors: 27 March 2023 
  Camera-ready submission: 10 April 2023 
  Symposium: 7-10 June 2023 
  Steering Committee   
 Maria Chudnovsky, Princeton University, USA 
  Guochuan Zhang, Zhejiang University, China 
 © 2024 IWOCA 2023  | Designed by: Theme Freesia  | Powered by: WordPress