Toggle navigation      JSSPP    
 About 
  Call for Submissions 
  Deadlines 
  Program 
  Submission 
  Committees 
  Registration 
  Paper Submission Deadline  
  Author Notification  
  Camera-Ready Paper  
 We are happy to announce that the proceedings of JSSPP 2024 - 27th Workshop on Job Scheduling Strategies for Parallel Processing  will be published in LNCS series by Springer. Keynote Lecture is Online   
 JSSPP Keynote was delivered by Walfredo Cirne (Google): Managing Private Clouds   .  
  Abstract: This talk defines the Private Cloud Management program and presents Flex, Google’s solution for it. It covers how Flex makes Google’s easier to operate, as well as the key techniques used to make it more efficient. It also discusses how we preserve governance by charging internal users the resources they prompted Google to buy, in spite of aggressive resource sharing and on-demand allocation.  JSSPP 2024 preliminary program is available   
 Check out our 2024 Preliminary Program!  This year, 10 papers  will be presented at JSSPP as well as a keynote lecture by Walfredo Cirne (Google) with the title: Managing Private Clouds   . 2023 Proceedings PUBLISHED by Springer  
 View 11 paper presentations including the keynote at the JSSPP YouTube channel  .  
  JSSPP is on Slack  
   Feel free to join us at Slack  . Slack is a perfect way to discuss and share ideas within JSSPP scheduling community. Quick Links  
  Previous workshops 
  Slack Channel | [NEW] 
  Workshop Organizers 
  Paper Formatting Instructions 
  Workloads Archive 
  This workshop series has been ranked among the very good venues in Computer Science in terms of impact (CORE:B->C, LiveSHINE:A-, Microsoft Academic:A-, ERA:B, Qualis:B1). Latest results can be found at the GGS Conference Rating  , CORE Conference Portal  or at the Conference Ranks  websites (using "jsspp" acronym).  
  Previous Workshops  
  25th Workshop on Job Scheduling Strategies for Parallel Processing | Held online in conjunction with IPDPS 2022 on 3 June 2022 | Technical program | . 
  26th Workshop on Job Scheduling Strategies for Parallel Processing | Held in conjunction with IPDPS 2023 on 19 May 2023 | Technical program | . 
