Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Technical Program  Social Event  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
 Sponsored by:    
 Logistics:    
 KEOD is part of IC3K    , the 16th International Joint Conference on Knowledge Discovery, Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management.  
  Registration to KEOD allows free access to all other IC3K conferences.   
  IC3K 2024 will be held in conjunction with ICINCO 2024    , WEBIST 2024    and CoopIS 2024    .   
  Registration to IC3K allows free access to the ICINCO, WEBIST and CoopIS conferences (as a non-speaker).  
  New registrations are now only available at the conference welcome desk    
  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    
 Knowledge Engineering (KE) refers to all technical, scientific and social aspects involved in building, maintaining and using knowledge-based systems. KE is a multidisciplinary field, bringing in concepts and methods from several computer science domains such as artificial intelligence, databases, expert systems, decision support systems, information systems and software engineering. KE is also related to logic (both in mathematics and philosophy domains) and to the cognitive and social sciences and socio-cognitive engineering.  
  Ontology Development (OD) aims at building reusable semantic structures that can be informal vocabularies, catalogs, glossaries as well as more complex finite formal structures specifying types of entities and types of relationships relevant within a certain domain. Ontologies have been gaining interest and acceptance in computational audiences. For example, formal ontologies are increasingly used as one of the main sources of software development and methodologies for this end can be adapted to include ontology development. A wide range of applications is emerging, including library science, ontology-enhanced search, e-commerce, business process management and enterprise engineering, among others.  
  KEOD aims at becoming a major meeting point for researchers and practitioners interested in the study and development of methodologies and technologies for Knowledge Engineering and Ontology Development.  
    Conference Chair    
 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  
