Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Technical Program  Social Event  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
 Sponsored by:    
 Call for Papers  
 Scope  | Conference Areas  | Keynote Lectures  | Paper Submission   
  Publications  | Important Dates  |  Secretariat  | Venue    
  Conference Chair  | Program Chair  | Program Committee    
 KEOD is sponsored by INSTICC  – Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication  
  SCOPE  
 Knowledge Engineering (KE) refers to all technical, scientific and social aspects involved in building, maintaining and using knowledge-based systems. KE is a multidisciplinary field, bringing in concepts and methods from several computer science domains such as artificial intelligence, databases, expert systems, decision support systems and information systems. From the software development point of view, KE uses principles that are strongly related to software engineering. KE is also related to logic (both in mathematics and philosophy domains) and to the cognitive and social sciences and socio-cognitive engineering. Knowledge is considered to be produced by humans and structured according to our understanding of how human reasoning and logic works. Currently, KE is mostly related with the construction of shared conceptual frameworks, often designated as ontologies, hence the relevance given to this term in our conference.  
  Ontology Development (OD) aims at building reusable semantic structures that can be informal vocabularies, catalogs, glossaries as well as more complex finite formal structures specifying types of entities and types of relationships relevant within a certain domain. Ontologies have been gaining interest and acceptance in computational audiences. For example, formal ontologies are increasingly used as one of the main sources of software development and methodologies for this end can be adapted to include ontology development. A wide range of applications is emerging, especially given the current web emphasis, including library science, ontology-enhanced search, e-commerce and business process design. Of particular interest, is the development of ontologies and/or methods in the fields of enterprise engineering and enterprise architecture as it has been proven that many problems in software development occur due to incomplete specifications of an enterprise's needs, leading to a huge lack of success in software projects. It is then natural that one should strive to more fully capture and specify enterprise knowledge.  
  KEOD aims at becoming a major meeting point for researchers and practitioners interested in the study and development of methodologies and technologies for Knowledge Engineering and Ontology Development.  
  CONFERENCE TOPICS  
  João Gama  ,  University of Porto, Portugal   
  PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Authors can submit their work in the form of a complete paper or an abstract, but please note that accepted abstracts are presented but not published in the proceedings of the conference. Complete papers can be submitted as a Regular Paper, representing completed and validated research, or as a Position Paper, portraying a short report of work in progress or an arguable opinion about an issue discussing ideas, facts, situations, methods, procedures or results of scientific research focused on one of the conference topic areas.  
  Authors should submit a paper in English, carefully checked for correct grammar and spelling, addressing one or several of the conference areas or topics. Each paper should clearly indicate the nature of its technical/scientific contribution, and the problems, domains or environments to which it is applicable. To facilitate the double-blind paper evaluation method, authors are kindly requested to produce and provide the paper WITHOUT any reference to any of the authors, including the authors’ personal details, the acknowledgments section of the paper and any other reference that may disclose the authors’ identity.  
  When submitting a complete paper please note that only original papers should be submitted. Authors are advised to read INSTICC's ethical norms regarding plagiarism and self-plagiarism  thoroughly before submitting and must make sure that their submissions do not substantially overlap work which has been published elsewhere or simultaneously submitted to a journal or another conference with proceedings. Papers that contain any form of plagiarism will be rejected without reviews.  
  All papers must be submitted through the online submission platform PRIMORIS  and should follow the instructions and templates that can be found under Guidelines and Templates  . After the paper submission has been successfully completed, authors will receive an automatic confirmation e-mail.  
  PUBLICATIONS  
 All accepted complete papers will be published in the conference proceedings, under an ISBN reference, on paper and on digital support.  
  The proceedings will be submitted for indexation by SCOPUS, Google Scholar, DBLP, Semantic Scholar, EI and Web of Science / Conference Proceedings Citation Index  .  
  IMPORTANT DATES  
 Conference Date:  17 - 19 November, 2024   
 Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  June 24, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  July 31, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  September 13, 2024 (expired)   
  Position Papers /Regular Papers   
 Paper Submission:  July 24, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  September 12, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  September 25, 2024 (expired)    
  Late-Breaking   
 Paper Submission:  September 6, 2024 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  September 26, 2024 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  October 7, 2024 (expired)    
  Workshops    
 Workshop Proposal:  June 26, 2024 (expired)    
  Special Sessions    
 Special Session Proposal:  June 26, 2024 (expired)    
  Tutorials    
 Tutorial Proposal:  October 9, 2024 (expired)    
  Demos    
 Demo Proposal:  October 9, 2024 (expired)    
  Panels    
 Panel Proposal:  October 9, 2024 (expired)    
  SECRETARIAT  
 KEOD Secretariat    
  Address: Avenida de S. Francisco Xavier, Lote 7 Cv. C   
  e-mail:  keod.secretariat@insticc.org   
  VENUE  
 The conference will take place at the Vila Galé Porto hotel which is located in the beautiful and historical city of Porto in Portugal. Porto is considered to be one of the most beautiful historical towns in Portugal, with its remarkable architectural heritage shaped by history.  
   IC3K CONFERENCE CHAIR   
