  क्षमा करें, इस पेज को लोड करने में कोई समस्या थी. फिर से प्रयास करें.   
 This book gathers selected papers from the KES-IDT 2023 Conference, held in Rome, Italy, on June 14–16, 2023. The book presents and discusses the latest research results and generates new ideas in the field of intelligent decision-making. The range of topics discussed is classification, prediction, data analysis, big data, data science, decision support, knowledge engineering and modeling in diverse areas such as finance, cybersecurity, economics, health, management and transportation. The problems in industry 4.0 and IoT are also addressed. The book contains several sections devoted to specific topics, such as intelligent data processing and its applications, high-dimensional data analysis and its applications, multi-criteria decision analysis—theory and applications, large-scale systems for intelligent decision-making and knowledge engineering, decision technologies and related topics in big data analysis of social and financial issues and decision-making theory for economics.    
  ज़्यादा पढ़ें     
  प्रकाशक     Springer 
  प्रकाशन की तारीख     29 मई 2023 
  भाषा     अंग्रेज़ी 
 प्रोडक्ट विवरण  
 बैक कवर से   
 This book gathers selected papers from the KES-IDT 2023 Conference, held in Rome, Italy, on June 14-16, 2023. The book presents and discusses the latest research results and generates new ideas in the field of intelligent decision-making. The range of topics discussed is classification, prediction, data analysis, big data, data science, decision support, knowledge engineering and modeling in diverse areas such as finance, cybersecurity, economics, health, management and transportation. The problems in industry 4.0 and IoT are also addressed. The book contains several sections devoted to specific topics, such as intelligent data processing and its applications, high-dimensional data analysis and its applications, multi-criteria decision analysis--theory and applications, large-scale systems for intelligent decision-making and knowledge engineering, decision technologies and related topics in big data analysis of social and financial issues and decision-making theory for economics.    
 लेखक के बारे में   
  प्रोडक्ट का विवरण  
  प्रकाशक ‏ : ‎  Springer (29 मई 2023) 
  भाषा ‏ : ‎  अंग्रेज़ी 
