 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 20th International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning  
   Rhodes, Greece  
   Submission Deadline: Tuesday 07 Mar 2023   
   Conference Dates: Sep 02, 2023 - Sep 08, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to  
  Applications of KR  
  Argumentation  
  Belief revision and update, belief merging  
  Geometric, spatial, and temporal reasoning  
  Inconsistency- and exceptiontolerant reasoning  
  KR and autonomous agents and multiragent systems  
  KR and cognitive modelling  
  KR and cognitive reasoning  
  KR and cognitive robotics  
  KR and cognitive systems  
  KR and cyber security  
  KR and education  
  KR and game theory  
  KR and machine learning, inductive logic programming, knowledge acquisition  
  KR and the Web, Semantic Web  
  Knowledge graphs and open linked data  
  Knowledge representation languages  
  Ontology formalisms and models  
  Ontology-based data access, integration, and exchange  
  Philosophical foundations of KR  
  Qualitative reasoning, reasoning about physical  
  systems  
  The aim of the conference is to expand the discussion of research in Theoretical computer science, Artificial intelligence, Algorithm, Description logic and Knowledge representation and reasoning. It focuses on Theoretical computer science but the discussions also offer insight into other areas such as Computational complexity theory, Semantics (computer science) and Set (abstract data type). The Semantics (computer science) study which was featured in it aims to expound on the research in Programming language.  
 Artificial intelligence research featured in the conference incorporates concerns from various other topics such as Machine learning, Argumentation theory and Natural language processing. In addition to Algorithm research, Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning aims to explore topics under Calculus and Algebra. The study on Description logic presented is investigated in conjunction with research in Ontology (information science).  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning:  
 The published articles generally zeroe in on subjects such as Theoretical computer science, Artificial intelligence, Algorithm, Description logic and Knowledge representation and reasoning. The Theoretical computer science research tackled in the published articles is interrelated with Reasoning system which concerns subjects like Deductive reasoning. Aside from discussions in Artificial intelligence, the conference publications also deal with the subject of Machine learning which intersects with Range (mathematics) disciplines.  
 Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 Giuseppe De Giacomo | (29 papers) | published 4 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Carsten Lutz | (23 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Pierre Marquis | (22 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Sébastien Konieczny | (22 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Hector J. Levesque | (22 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 19th International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning   
 Jul 31, 2022 - Aug 05, 2022  
 Haifa, Israel  
 International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning   
 Sep 02, 2023 - Sep 08, 2023  
 Rhodes, Greece  
 20th International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning   
 Sep 02, 2023 - Sep 08, 2023  
 Rhodes, Greece  
  Most Affordable Online RN to BSN Programs for 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 20th International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
