Skip to content    
 KSEM 2023   
     Home 
  Keynotes 
  Visa&Venue 
  Submission 
  Program 
  Registration 
 The 16th International Conference on Knowledge Science, Engineering and Management (KSEM 2023)  
 August 16-18, 2023, Guangzhou China  
 Registration   
 Final Paper Submission  
 Final Paper  
 Please submit the files including your camera-ready paper and copyright form using your EasyChair author account.  Follow the instructions after the login for uploading two files: (a) either a zipped file containing all your LaTeX sources or a Word file in the RTF format, and (b) PDF version of your camera-ready paper. The page limit is strict. Please follow strictly the author instructions of Springer-Verlag when preparing the final version.  Springer required this conference to list the email address of all authors. Please make sure to list the email boxs of all authors to avoid future revision and delay.  
  We encourage the inclusion of ORCIDs in the publication.  For more information see here  .  
 Please upload a signed and completed copyright form to us as soon as possible. The Springer copyright forms can be found at HERE   . Please refer to the following picture to fill out the first page of the form.  
  One of the authors must sign the form on behalf of all of the authors of a particular paper, having gained their permission to do so. He or she signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing the material on behalf of any and all co-authors. The corresponding author must be available to check the paper before it is published. Please note that once a paper has been delivered to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the paper cannot be made. Authors' names cannot be added or deleted, their order cannot be changed, and the corresponding author cannot be altered. You should scan the form into PDF or any other standard image format. We greatly appreciate your cooperation in these matters. Thank you again for your contribution to KSEM 2023.  
 Category | Early registration  
  (until June 18, 2023, AoE) | Late registration  
  (after June 18, 2023, AoE) 
  We greatly welcome guests from around the world to attend this conference. But before that, you’ll need to pay the registration fee. Click here for guest (non-author) registration.    
  Policy of Registration  
 All accepted regular papers/short papers will be published in KSEM 2023 proceedings. High quality accepted papers are possible to be recommended to related special issues of prestigious international journals.  
  Each accepted paper requires | at least one | Full registration ( | student rate or standard rate | ) as an author, before | June 18, 2023 | . Papers not registered will not be included in the proceedings. 
  Once you submit a paper, including regular paper and short paper, it implies that | at least one author will register and attend the conference, and present the paper. 
  Please upload the camera-ready paper, including source file and PDF file, and the copyright form to Easychair before | June 11, 2023. (STRICT DEADLINE). 
  Cancellation Policy  
 All the registrations for published papers in the Proceedings cannot be cancelled. Fees cannot be refunded for registrations.  
  Click here for online registration (Author Registration)    
  Registration Payment  
  2. Please make sure that your payment should include both the registration fee and any additional page fee in its exact amount, excluding any wiring charges by your bank.  
  3. When you have made your payment, please click here  for online registration (Author Registration).  
  4. Please click here  to submit the invoice information, and we will provide.   
 Important Dates  
 Paper submission  : April 28, 2023  May 5, 2023  
  Author notification  : May 25, 2023  June 1, 2023  
  Camera-Ready  : June 11, 2023  
  Early Registration  : June 11, 2023  June 18, 2023  
  Conference date  : August 16-18, 2023  
 Contact Info  
 If you have any questions or queries on KSEM 2023, please contact us by email. Email address: [email protected]   
 Announcement  
 TBD  
 All rights reserved © KSEM 2023