  Membership | Membership Benefits 
  Institutional Members 
  Events | International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge (LAK) 
  Learning Analytics in Practice (LAP) 
  Learning Analytics Summer Institute (LASI) 
  Membership | Membership Benefits 
  Institutional Members 
  Events | International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge (LAK) 
  Learning Analytics in Practice (LAP) 
  Learning Analytics Summer Institute (LASI) 
  Contact 
 The Tenth International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge (LAK’20)  
 Home      Events      International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge (LAK)      The Tenth International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge (LAK’20)    
 Call for Papers  
 The tenth anniversary of the LAK conference celebrates the past successes of the learning analytics community and poses new questions and challenges for the field. The theme for this year is “ Shaping the future of the field  ” and focuses on thinking how we can advance learning analytics and drive its development over the next ten years and beyond.  
 LAK conference is intended for both researchers and practitioners  . We invite both researchers and practitioners of learning analytics to come and join a proactive dialogue around the future of learning analytics and its practical adoption. We further extend our invite to educators, leaders, administrators, government and industry professionals interested in the field of learning analytics and related disciplines.  
 If you have further questions do not hesitate to contact lakconference@gmail.com   
 Conference theme and topics  
  What are the | challenges | of the presented work we need to address to improve its impact in the next ten years? 
  How can the presented work be practically | implemented and adopted | ? 
  We also explicitly encourage research that validates, replicates and examines the generalisability of previously published findings  , as well as the aspects of practical adoption of the existing learning analytics methods and approaches. Finally, we also invite authors to submit dedicated short research paper submissions  (see below for details) that explicitly address the theme of this year’s conference.  
 Some of the topics of interest include, (but are not limited) are:  
 Capturing Learning & Teaching:   
  Awards  
 Best full paper:   
 Focused or stuck together: multimodal patterns reveal triads' performance in collaborative problem solving  
  Hana Vrzakova, Mary Jean Amon, Angela Stewart, Sidney K. D'Mello   
 Best short paper:   
 Automated Insightful Drill-Down Recommendations for Learning Analytics Dashboards  
  Shiva Shabaninejad, Hassan Khosravi, Marta Indulska, Pedro Isaias   
 Best practitioner paper:   
 Engaging Students as Co-Designers of Learning Analytics  
 View more      
 The Society for Learning Analytics Research (SoLAR) is an inter-disciplinary network of leading international researchers who are exploring the role and impact of analytics on teaching, learning, training and development. SoLAR has been active in organizing the International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge (LAK)  and the Learning Analytics Summer Institute (LASI)  , launching multiple initiatives to support collaborative and open research around learning analytics, promoting the publication and dissemination of learning analytics research, and advising and consulting with state, provincial, and national governments.  
    LAK 
  LASI 
  Contact 
