Home 
  Author 
  Attendee 
  Program 
  Patrons 
  Committees 
  LCN Annals 
 Author  
 Call for Papers 
  Special Tracks 
  Information for Authors 
  Author Instructions (Final Camera Ready Submissions) 
  Presenter and Session Chair Instructions 
  Call for Demos 
  Student Participation Grants 
 Home  > Author  > Call For Papers   
 Call For Papers  
  Caen, Normandy, France  
  8-10 October 2024  
  Wireless ad hoc & sensor networks 
 Authors are invited to submit papers describing original, previously unpublished work, not currently under review by another conference, workshop, or journal. There are a number of tracks that are designed to improve interactions of experts over different stages in research development.  
 Full Regular papers | (maximum 8 pages plus references, 10 pt font in IEEE format) should present novel perspectives within the general scope of the conference. 
  Short papers | (maximum 6 pages plus references, 10 pt font in IEEE format) are an opportunity to present preliminary or interim results on hot topics in a poster session. 
  Doctoral track papers | (maximum 6 pages plus references, 10 pt font in IEEE format) provide a supportive setting for Ph.D. students (who must be the first author) to discuss their problem statement, methods, results, obtain feedback from established researchers and establish contacts for entering the job market. The doctoral track involves a mentoring program. 
  We are also holding dedicated special tracks (e.g., invited workshops, papers) focusing on nascent and promising areas in networking research, which shall involve experts in those areas seeking to foster collaborative development.  
 Full, short, special track, and doctoral papers are published in the IEEE LCN proceedings and IEEE Xplore. All published papers must include title, complete contact information for all authors, abstract, and keywords on the cover page. IEEE reserves the right to remove papers from IEEE Xplore that are not presented at the conference.  
 Paper Submission:  Papers must be registered on EDAS and submitted in PDF format. Detailed submission instructions are available at the conference website  . Direct your questions to Program Chairs: Florian Tschorsch and Kanchana Thilakarathna ( program@ieeelcn.org  ).  
 A limited number of students grants and N 2  Women Young Researcher Fellowship awards are considered by the conference each year.  
 Important Dates:   
  Paper registration: | April 19 | May 3, 2024 | NEW 
  Paper submission: | April 19 | May 3, 2024 | NEW 
  Notifications: June 28, 2024 
  Camera ready: July 25, 2024 
  Remote Presentation Option:  LCN considers in-person meetings indispensable for collaborations, personal exchanges, discussions, and networking opportunities. Recognizing the evolving landscape of academic conferences and the need for flexibility, LCN 2024 introduces a Remote Presentation Option.  
 Remote presentation is restricted to full, short, and doctoral papers. Further implementation details will be communicated as part of the author and presenter instructions.  
 The overarching goal of LCN 2024 is to enhance the accessibility and inclusivity of LCN, catering to a diverse global audience while preserving the value of physical participation.  
 Organizing Committee | Steering Committee 
