    Menu      
 LFCS 2022 
 Search for:      Close search       
 Close Menu     LFCS 2022 
 LFCS 2022  
 Due to the current wave of the pandemic, LFCS 2022 was held in the online format.   The list of talks with links to their videos is at the bottom of this page.  
 About LFCS  
 LFCS 2022, January 10-13, 2022  
 LFCS General Chair:  
 Anil Nerode  , Ithaca, NY  
  LFCS Steering Committee:  
 Anil Nerode  , Ithaca, NY ( General Chair  )  
  Stephen Cook  , Toronto  
  Andre Scedrov  , Philadelphia  
  Dana Scott  , Pittsburgh – Berkeley  
  LFCS Topics:  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:   
 constructive mathematics and type theory 
  system design logics 
  other logics in computer science 
   LFCS’22 Program Committee:  
 Antonis Achilleos (Reykjavik) 
  Evangelia Antonakos (New York) 
  Lawrence Moss (Bloomington) 
  Pavel Naumov (Southampton, UK) 
  Anil Nerode (Ithaca, NY) – General LFCS Chair 
  Elena Nogina (New York) 
  Hiroakira Ono (JAIST – Kanazawa) 
  Noson Yanofsky (New York) 
  Junhua Yu (Beijing) 
   Submission details:  
 Submitted papers must be in pdf/12pt format and of no more than 15 pages, present work not previously published, and must not be submitted concurrently to another conference with refereed proceedings.  
  Important Dates:  
  Symposium dates: January 10 – January 13, 2022 
   Sponsorships:  
 The US National Science Foundation (NSF) – expected 
 LFCS’22 Local Organizing Committee: Robert Lubarsky (Chair) – Florida Atlantic University.   
 The Rosser Prize  
 The Rosser Prize from LFCS 2022 goes to two student authors  
 Yannick Forster  , Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany. “Parametric Church’s Thesis: Synthetic Computability Without Choice”   
 Daniel Rogozin  , Institute for Information Transmission Problems, Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow, Russia. “Reducts of Relation Algebras: The Aspects of Axiomatisability And Finite Representability.”   
 Both of these papers and their authors are declared the winners. Congratulations!  
 Schedule  
 LFCS 2022 Schedule, online, EST,   write to <  lfcs22@easychair.org   >  to get a Zoom link.    
 Monday, January 10  
 Tuesday January 11  
 Wednesday January 12  
 Thursday January 13  
 LFCS 2022 
