 Thirty-Eighth Annual ACM/IEEE Symposium on   
  Logic in Computer Science (LICS)   
  Boston • 26–29 June 2023    
  Call for Papers  
 Titles and Short Abstracts Due | 18 January 2023 
 Full Papers Due | 23 January 2023 
 Author Response Period | 15–19 March 2023 
 Author Notification | 5 April 2023 
 Conference | 26 – 29 June 2023 
 The paper must be in English and provide sufficient detail to allow the program committee to assess the merits of the paper. It should begin with a succinct statement of the issues a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance and relevance to the conference and to computer science, all phrased for the non-specialist. Technical development directed to the specialist should follow. References and comparisons with related work must be included. (If necessary detailed proofs of technical results may be included in a clearly-labeled appendix, to be consulted at the discretion of program committee members.) Submissions not conforming to the above requirements will be rejected without further consideration. Paper selection will be merit-based, with no a priori limit on the number of accepted papers. Papers authored or co-authored by members of the program committee are not allowed.  
 Results must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere, including the proceedings of other symposia or workshops. The program chair must be informed, in advance of submission, of any closely related work submitted or about to be submitted to a conference or journal. Authors of accepted papers are expected to sign copyright release forms. One author of each accepted paper is expected to register and present the paper at the conference. Remote presentations can be organized for authors who are not to be able to attend the meeting.  
 LICS 2023 will use a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Following this process means that reviewers will not see the authors' names or affiliations as they initially review a paper. The authors' names will then be revealed to the reviewers only once their reviews have been submitted.  
 To facilitate this process, submitted papers must adhere to the following:  
 Author names and institutions must be omitted and 
  References to the authors' own related work should be in the third person (e.g., not "We build on our previous work ..." but rather "We build on the work of ..."). 
  The purpose of this process is to help the reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission, makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult, or interferes with the process of disseminating new ideas. For example, important background references should not be omitted or anonymized, even if they are written by the same authors and share common ideas, techniques, or infrastructure. Authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For instance, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web or give talks on their research ideas.  
 Kleene Award, Distinguished Papers and Special Issues  
 An award in honor of the late Stephen C. Kleene will be given for the best student paper(s), as judged by the program committee.  
 Around 10% of accepted papers will be selected as distinguished papers. These are papers that, in the view of the LICS program committee, make exceptionally strong contribution to the field and should be read by a broad audience due their relevance, originality, significance and clarity.  
 Full versions of up to three accepted papers, to be selected by the program committee, will be invited for submission to the Journal of the ACM. Additional selected papers will be invited to a special issue of Logical Methods in Computer Science.  
 Publication  
 The official publication date may differ from the first day of the conference. The official publication date may affect the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. We will clarify the official publication date in due course.  
 Program Committee Chair  
  Georg Zetzsche | , | MPI-SWS, Germany 
  Thomas Zeume | , | Ruhr-Universität Bochum, Germany 
  LICS Publicity and Proceedings Chair  
 Sam Staton | , | Univ. Oxford 
  LICS Workshop Chair  
 Valentin Blot | , | Inria and ENS Paris-Saclay, France 
  Local Organizer  
 C Baier V Blot D Fisman M Gaboardi D Gorla M Grohe H Hermanns N Kobayashi O Kupferman (chair), L Libkin D Miller J Ouaknine F Pfenning B Pientka A Silva S Staton A Tiu I Walukiewicz L Zhang.  
 LICS Sponsorship  
 The symposium is sponsored by ACM SIGLOG  , the IEEE Technical Committee on Mathematical Foundations of Computing  , the Boston University Rafik B. Hariri Institute for Computing and Computational Science & Engineering  , the Boston University College of Arts & Sciences  , and the Boston University Department of Computer Science  .  
      Website by Sam Staton  based on a bootstrap  design by Hartmut Eilers  and Eric Koskinen  .