LOPSTR:  Logic-Based Program Synthesis and Transformation   
 LOPSTR 
  Topics of interest 
  Past editions 
 The next LOPSTR symposium, LOPSTR 2024  , will be held in Milan (Italy) in September 9-11, 2024.  
 Currently, the aim of the LOPSTR series is to stimulate and promote international research and collaboration on logic-based program development. LOPSTR is open to contributions in logic-based program development in any language paradigm.  
 LOPSTR has a reputation for being a lively, friendly forum for presenting and discussing work in progress.  
   LOPSTR is usually co-located with PPDP ( International ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming  ).  
 You can find here  the old LOPSTR website maintained by Kung-Kiu Lau  .  
 Topics of interest cover all aspects of logic-based program development, all stages of the software life cycle, and issues of both programming-in-the-small and programming-in-the-large, including, but not limited to:  
  applications, tools and industrial practice 
  Survey papers that present some aspects of the above topics from a new perspective, and application papers that describe experience with industrial applications are also welcome.   
 LOPSTR 2024 | in Milan (Italy). PC Chairs: | Juliana Bowles | and | Harald Søndergaard 
  LOPSTR 2023 | in Cascais, Lisbon (Portugal). PC Chairs: | Robert Glück | and | Bishoksan Kafle 
  LOPSTR 2022 | in Tbilisi (Georgia) and online. PC Chair: | Alicia Villanueva 
  Detailed information about the proceedings and their contents can be found in the DBLP database  .   
 Juliana Bowles | (PC chair LOPSTR 2024) 
 Harald Søndergaard | (PC chair LOPSTR 2024) 
 Robert Glück | (PC chair LOPSTR 2023) 
 Bishoksan Kafle | (PC chair LOPSTR 2023) 
 Alicia Villanueva | (PC chair LOPSTR 2022) 
 Germán Vidal | (maintainer of the LOPSTR website) 
 Maurizio Proietti | (chair of the LOPSTR steering commitee) 
 Former members include Elvira Albert  , María Alpuente  , Maurice Bruynooghe  , Danny De Schreye  , Sandro Etalle  , Moreno Falaschi  , Fabio Fioravanti  , John Gallagher  , Gopal Gupta  , Michael Hanus  , Manuel Hermenegildo  , Patricia Hill  , Andy King  , Kung-Kiu Lau  , Michael Leuschel  , Pedro López  , Fred Mesnard  , Alberto Pettorossi  , Germán Puebla  , and Hirohisa Seki  , Peter Stuckey  .