LOPSTR 2023  Menu   Proceedings 
  Program 
  Overview 
  Submission 
  Committee 
  Call for papers 
  Contact 
 LOPSTR 2023   
 Logic-based Program Synthesis and Transformation   
 October 23-24, 2023 -  Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal   
 Co-located with PPDP 2023  as part of SPLASH 2023   
 Latest News  
 The recipients of the Best Paper Awards are: | Constrained Horn Clauses Satisfiability via Catamorphic Abstractions by Emanuele De Angelis, Fabio Fioravanti, Alberto Pettorossi and Maurizio Proietti (Regular Paper category) 
  Towards a Certified Proof Checker for Deep Neural Network Verification by Remi Desmartin, Omri Isac, Grant Passmore, Kathrin Stark, Guy Katz and Ekaterina Komendantskaya (Short Paper category) 
  The conference proceedings can be accessed at | this link | . 
  The complete SPLASH program | is available. 
  Virtual registration | is available as well. 
  Program | is now available. 
  Invited speakers announced. 
  Registration | is now open, | early registration until 22 Sept. 
  Submission deadline extended until 9 June 2023 (AoE) 
  Selected papers will be invited to the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP). 
  Program Committee announced. 
  The call for paper is out. 
 Proceedings  
 You can access the conference proceedings here  . The free access for the conference participants will be granted until 17th of November (for 4 weeks).   
 Registration  
 (Virtual) Registration for LOPSTR 2023 is available through the SPLASH 2023 website  .   
 Invited Speakers   
 Times in the schedule are WEST (Western European Summer Time), i.e., local to Cascais.  
 Monday, October 23 
 Invited Talk PPDP+LOPSTR | Unification Modulo Equational Theories in Languages with Binding Operators | . | Maribel Fernandez 
  Towards a Certified Proof Checker for Deep Neural Network Verification | . | Remi Desmartin, Omri Isac, Grant Passmore, Kathrin Stark, Guy Katz and Ekaterina Komendantskaya 
 A Rule-Based Approach for Designing and Composing Abstract Domains | . | Daniel Jurjo, Jose F. Morales, Pedro Lopez-Garcia and Manuel V. Hermenegildo 
  Design Datalog Templates for Synthesizing Bidirectional Programs from Tabular Examples | . | Bach Nguyentrong, Kanae Tsushima and Zhenjiang Hu 
  Best Paper Awards | . 
 Tuesday, October 24 
 Overview  
 The aim of the LOPSTR series  is to stimulate and promote international research and collaboration on logic-based program development. LOPSTR is open to contributions in logic-based program development in any language paradigm. LOPSTR has a reputation for being a lively, friendly forum for presenting and discussing work in progress.  
 LOPSTR 2023 will be held in-person at Hotel Cascais Miragem  in Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal and will be co-located with PPDP 2023 as part of SPLASH 2023. At least one of the authors of the accepted paper is expected to attend the conference and present the paper. Information about venue and travel is available on the SPLASH 2023 website  .  
 Topics of interest cover all aspects of logic-based program development, all stages of the software life cycle, and issues of both programming-in-the-small and programming-in-the-large, including, but not limited to:  
 synthesis 
 Survey papers that present some aspects of the above topics from a new perspective and papers that describe experience with industrial applications and case studies are also welcome.  
 PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Submissions can be made in two categories:  
  Short Papers (8 pages max.) 
 References do NOT count towards the page limit. Additional pages may be used for appendices not intended for publication. Reviewers are not required to read the appendices, and thus papers should be intelligible without them. All submissions must be written in English. Submissions must not substantially overlap with papers/tools that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal, conference, or workshop with refereed proceedings.  
 Submissions of Regular Papers  must describe the original work. Work that already appeared in unpublished or informally published workshop proceedings may be submitted (please contact the PC chair in case of questions).  
 Submissions of Short Papers  may include presentations of exciting if not fully polished research and tool demonstrations that are of academic and industrial interest. Tool demonstrations should describe the relevant system, usability, and implementation aspects of a tool.  
 After the symposium, a selection of a few best papers will be invited for submission to rapid publication  in the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP)  . Authors of selected papers will be invited to revise and/or extend their submissions to be considered for publication. The papers submitted to TPLP will be subject to the standard reviewing process of the journal.  
 Submission Guidelines  
 Authors should submit an electronic copy of the paper (written in English) in PDF, formatted in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science style. Each submission must include on its first page the paper title; authors and their affiliations; contact author's email; abstract; and three to four keywords which will be used to assist the PC in selecting appropriate reviewers for the paper. Authors should consult Springer's authors' instructions at the author's page  , and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX  (available also in overleaf  ) or for Word  , for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their papers. In addition, upon acceptance, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form  . The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 Page numbers (and, if possible, line numbers) should appear on the manuscript to help the reviewers in writing their report. So, for LaTeX we recommend that authors use:  
 Best Paper Award  
 Thanks to Springer's sponsorship, two best paper awards (one for each submission category) will be given at LOPSTR 2023. The program committee will select the winning papers based on relevance, originality and technical quality but may also take authorship into account (e.g. a student paper).  
 Committee  
 Call for papers  
 The final call for papers can be found here  .  
 History  
 You might have a look at the contents of past LOPSTR symposia at DBLP  and past LNCS proceedings at Springer repository  .  
 Contact Us  
