Skip to content    
 MASCOTS 2024   
 Home 
 Search for:        
 MASCOTS 2024   
 Close menu        
  Venue 
 MASCOTS 2024   
 Search         Toggle menu          
 Search for:        
 MASCOTS 2024  
 October 21-23, 2024  
 Krakow, Poland  
 Criteria for Paper Acceptance:  
 Pertinence with respect to the call for papers 
  Timeliness and relevance of the topic of the paper 
  Soundness of the research methodology, and evidence of advancement with respect to the state of the art 
  Appropriateness and relevance of the bibliographic references 
 We encourage original submissions describing state-of-the-art research in the areas of the performance evaluation of computer systems and networks as well as in related areas. Papers describing results of theoretical and/or practical significance are welcome. Experimental, modeling, and simulation studies are all in the scope of the conference. Papers focusing on novel performance evaluation methods or providing insights on design and runtime management tradeoffs are particularly encouraged.  
 The deadline for paper submissions was Sunday, May 19  , Sunday, June 9th 2024 (extended)  .  
 Accepted papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore, subject to meeting IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements.  
 The Organizing Committee of MASCOTS’24 announces that a selection of accepted papers will be invited to submit an extended version to the prestigious Performance Evaluation (PEVA) journal.  
 Some of the best submitted papers that fall below the acceptance threshold for the main conference program, will be invited to the MASCOTS’24 Workshop. If they are orally live presented at the workshop by one registered author, they will then be published in the MASCOTS’24 proceedings as 4-page short papers.  
 The MASCOTS 2023 and 2022 proceedings are available at IEEE Xplore  
 All questions about the conference should be emailed to mascots2024 at easychair dot org  
 Technically Co-Sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society    
 Sponsor    
 © 2024 MASCOTS 2024. Proudly powered by Sydney