  Committees 
  Invited Speakers 
  Paper Preparation 
  Accepted Papers 
  Program 
  Co-located Conference - NCMA 2022 
 MCU 2022 - 9th Conference on Machines, Computations and Universality  
  August 31 - September 2, 2022, Debrecen, Hungary    
 Important Dates    
 Submission deadline:  April 24  , May 8, 2022, 
  Notification of acceptance:  May 23  , May 30, 2022, 
  Final version:  June 5  , June 10, 2022. 
  General Information     
 The 9th edition of MCU  is organized by the Faculty of Informatics of the University of Debrecen, it is co-located with NCMA 2022  , the 12th International Workshop on Non-Classical Models of Automata and Applications (August 26-27, 2022) and DCFS 2022  , the 24th Conference on Descriptional Complexity of Formal Systems (August 29-31, 2022).   
 The conference will take place in a hybrid format  : the possibility of both, in-person  and online participation  will be provided.   
  Proceedings     
  The updated call for papers  in single page format for printing  is available. 
   Aims and Scope     
 The scope of the conference  topics includes  , but is not limited to, computation in the setting of various discrete models  (Turing machines, register machines, cellular automata, tile assembly systems, rewriting systems, molecular computing models, neural models...), analog and hybrid models  (BSS machines, infinite time cellular automata, real machines, quantum computing...) and the meaning and implantation of universality  in these contexts. Particular emphasis is given towards search for frontiers between decidability and undecidability  in the various models, search for the simplest universal models  , computational complexity of predicting the evolution  of computations in the various models. Parallel computing  models and their connections to decidability, complexity and universality  .   
 Topics of interest include, but not exclusively:     
 Analog computation 
  Turing, Counter, Register, Signal machines 
  Universality of systems 
   Author Guidelines     
 Submitted papers must describe work not previously published  , and they must neither be accepted nor under review at a journal or at another conference with refereed proceedings. Authors are required to submit their manuscripts electronically  in PDF using the LNCS style.   
