  2022 
  2023 
 Sélectionner une page     
 With the help of the computational intelligence, these digital ecosystems can exhibit new self-* properties (such as self-management, self-healing and self-configuration) environments, thanks to the re-combination and evolution of its « digital components », in which resources provided by each entity are properly conserved, managed and used. The underlying web-based resources mainly comprehend big data management, innovative services, smart and self-* properties platforms.  
 Due to the multi-disciplinary nature of digital ecosystems, they are highly complex to study and design. This also leads to a poor understanding as to how managing resources will empower digital ecosystems to be innovative, intelligent and value-creating. The application of Information Technologies has the potential to enable the understanding of how entities request resources and ultimately interact to create benefits and added-values, impacting business practices and knowledge. These technologies can be improved through novel techniques, models and methodologies for fields such as big data management, web technologies, networking, security, human-computer interactions, artificial intelligence, e-services and self-organizing systems to support the establishment of digital ecosystems and manage their resources.  
 The International Conference on ManagEment of Digital EcoSystems (MEDES)  , previously named « The International Conference on Management of Emergent Digital EcoSystems », aims to develop and bring together a diverse community from academia, research laboratories and industry interested in exploring the manifold challenges and issues related to web technologies and resource management of Digital Ecosystems and how current approaches and technologies can be evolved and adapted to this end. The conference seeks related original research papers, industrial papers and proposals for demonstrations, and tutorials and workshops.  
 The conference Proceedings will be published and indexed by the ACM Digital Library  and DBLP  .  
 MEDES Ethics  
 MEDES Privacy Policy:  MEDES adopts ACM privacy policy  .   
 MEDES Policy Against Harassment:  M EDES aims at providing an environment that embraces diversity and provides a safe, welcoming environment for all. Thus, it adopted ACM Policy Against Harassment  .   
 MEDES Conflict of Interest Policy:  MEDES Adopts ACM Conflict of Interest Policy  .   
 The Steering Commitee   
