 Mathematical Foundations of Computer Science  
 August 28— September 1, 2023 Bordeaux, France 
 Home  Venue  Programme  Proceedings  Committees  Invited Speakers  Best Paper Award  Social Event  Restaurants  Sightseeing  Important Dates  Registration    
  Sponsors and partners: | The MFCS conference series on Mathematical Foundations of Computer Science is a high-quality venue for original research in all branches of Theoretical Computer Science.  
 The proceedings are available there  .  
  Best paper award  
 The PC chairs, taking into account the results of the PC meeting and referee feedback, have decided to recognise the following papers with awards. Congratulations to the authors!  
 Manon Blanc and Olivier Bournez | A characterization of functions computable in polynomial time and space over the reals with discrete ordinary differential equations | . 
  Social Event  
 Directions can be found there  .  
 The social event takes place on Wednesday afternoon. It will start at "Cité du Vin » (Bordeaux Wine City) at 17h, we will meet at this place  . This place is directly accessible from Talence using Tram B stop « Cité du Vin ». The museum visit lasts for about 2 hours including tasting a glass of wine, more details there  .  
  We advise you to book a hotel in Bordeaux downtown, near the B Tramway line so that you can enjoy both the conference in Talence  as well as the city center of Bordeaux where there are a lot of good options for dinner. There are good hotels around the conference site in Talence as well as along the Tram B line in Bordeaux, especially in the neighbourhoods Hôtel de Ville, Grand-Théâtre, Quinconces and Chartrons.  
  Restaurants  
 Concerning restaurants, we recommend the following options. Clearly not exhaustive there are many other good options. Restaurants in Talence downtown (nearby the conference venue).  Around Talence Centre-Forum, the central spot in Talence  , you will find several options including french, italian, asian, north-african, and so on... All options are ok.  
 Restaurants in Bordeaux downtown (accessible by Tram B directly from the conference venue).   
  Registration  
 At least one of the authors of each accepted paper must register by July 25  for the paper to appear in the proceedings.  
 The registration fee includes, among others, coffee breaks, lunches, and the conference dinner.  
 Students who at the time of the conference have not yet completed their PhD qualify for the student status of the registration.  
 Attendee | Early (until July 14) | Late (from July 14) 
  Important Dates  
 Abstract submission deadline: | April 24th (AoE) 
 Paper submission deadline: | April 28th (AoE) 
 Notification of authors: | June 27th 
 Camera-ready: | July 18th 
 Conference dates: | August 28th - September 1st 
  Submission guidelines  
 Papers should be submitted electronically through EasyChair  .  
 Submissions should be formatted using the LIPIcs style  with length not exceeding 12 pages (excluding references and an optional appendix). References and an optional appendix can go beyond the 12 pages; the appendix will be consulted at the discretion of the program committee. It is mandatory to use the LIPIcs style for submissions.  
 No prior publication or simultaneous submission to other conferences or journals are allowed (except preprint repositories such as arXiv or workshops without formal published proceedings).  
 There is no need to anonymize the submissions.  
 As in previous years, MFCS 2022 proceedings will be published in LIPIcs (Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics) under an open access license.  
 The program committee encourages submission of original research papers in all areas of theoretical computer science, including (but not limited to) the following:  
 algebraic and co-algebraic methods in computer science 
  algorithms and data structures 
  theoretical issues in artificial intelligence and machine learning 
 Attendee | Early (until July 14) | Late (from July 14) 
 Abstract submission deadline: | April 24th (AoE) 
 Paper submission deadline: | April 28th (AoE) 
 Notification of authors: | June 27th 
 Camera-ready: | July 18th 
 Conference dates: | August 28th - September 1st 
 Contact: Sylvain Lombardy  and Hugo Gimbert  ( mfcs2023@labri.fr  )