About MMAR | Committees 
  Sponsors 
  Young Author Award 
  MMAR 2022 
  MMAR 2023 
  MMAR 2024 
  Plenary Sessions 
  FAQ 
  Program | Plenary talks 
  Special Sessions 
  Submission | Author Commitment Statement 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Reviewers 
  Online participation 
  Registration 
  Submission Information 
  Venue | Accommodation 
  Sightseeing 
  Contact 
 About MMAR  
  – Intelligent systems and methods,  
  – Control systems.  
 The participants of the 29th International MMAR Conference will have the opportunity to take part in the wide spectrum of categories for technical presentations, including plenary lectures, regular papers of both lecture and poster session types. We look forward to seeing our old and new friends in Poland. You are kindly invited to participate in the 29th International MMAR Conference in Miedzyzdroje, Poland.  
 We’re aware some of the authors may have objections against travelling and attending the event on-site. For those, we make it possible to participate in the conference online – presenting their papers and taking part in all sessions by means of video conference. Please choose your preferred way of participation in the registration form.  
 We still hope most of you will decide to arrive and enjoy the conference on-site.  
 See you in Międzyzdroje,  
 MMAR 2024 Young Author Prize  
  Mr. Patryk Bartkowiak of the Poznań University of Technology, 
  Mr. Szymon Król of the West Pomeranian University of Technology, Szczecin. 
  The main prize went to Mr. Filippo Bernabei of the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia for the paper “A Constraint Based Control Architecture for Urban Autonomous Vehicles”.  
 More information about MMAR 2024 can be found in the Archive  section.  
 Conference proceedings  
 The conference program and abstracts will be published as a booklet with an ISBN. Full papers will be published on an accompanying USB.  
 As in the previous years, the proceedings of the conference will be submitted for review and approval for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore® Digital Library  .  
 IEEE Xplore Direct Links  
 Web of Science  
  INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON METHODS AND MODELS IN AUTOMATION AND ROBOTICS  
  or just “MMAR” in the Publication Index  
 SciVerse Scopus  
  Międzyzdroje, Poland (map)   
 Please be warned: this year ONLY papers in between 4-6 pages are accepted. | Submission details 
  Set of rules before uploading: | Author Commitment Statement | (citations, plagiarism, paper presentation). 
 Sponsors   
 Sponsors: 
 Gallery MMAR 2024   
 Paper submission site   
 Please note that the papers must be between 4 and 6 pages long 
  Please use the correct template (more info at | Epapers site | and | in Submissions tab | ) 
 Paper schedule   
 MMAR 2024 Book of abstracts may be downloaded here.   
 Online presentation   
