 Send this CFP to us by mail: cfp@ourglocal.org  
 Introduction  : ACM MobiHoc is the premier international symposium dedicated to addressing challenges emerging from wireless ad hoc networking and computing. With its highly selective technical program, the symposium will bring together researchers and practitioners from a broad spectrum of wireless networking research to present the most up-to-date results and achievements in the field.  
 We invite paper submissions on mobile ad hoc networks, wireless sensor networks, wireless mesh networks, vehicular networks and ad hoc computing systems, with the focus being on issues at and above the MAC layer. Besides theoretical works, papers on practical issues are also very welcome. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to the following:  
 Applications and middleware support  
 Measurements from experimental systems  
 The symposium especially encourages the submission of exploratory studies that identify new challenges in the network design, innovative services, and applications that may stimulate far-reaching future research.  
 Deadline  : TBD | Date  : TBD  
 Place/Country  : TBD/TBD  
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2024 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2023 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2022 
  The 11th ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 
   Keywords  : Accepted papers list. Acceptance Rate. EI Compendex. Engineering Index. ISTP index. ISI index. Impact Factor.  
  Disclaimer  : ourGlocal is an open academical resource system, which anyone can edit or update. Usually, journal information updated by us, journal managers or others. So the information is old or wrong now. Specially, impact factor is changing every year. Even it was correct when updated, it may have been changed now. So please go to Thomson Reuters to confirm latest value about Journal impact factor.  
