 Program   
 Conference Proceedings & Pre-Recorded Videos   
  Please find the conference proceedings in the ACM Digital library  
  [ Full Papers  | Adjunct Proceedings  ]  
  Please find the pre-recorded videos from all tracks in the SIGCHI YouTube channel [tba].  
  Conference Schedule  Please note this is a tentative schedule – slight changes and additions to the program may take place as we near the conference dates.  
  However, authors and presenters of full papers (paper sessions) are advised that their scheduling is fixed and will not change.  
  Planetarium Show: EEF Planetarium (2nd Floor, entrance from Ground Floor) 
  Conference Dinner: | Royal Olympic Hotel 
  Thanks to our co-location with the ACM CHIGreece2023  conference, the the poster and demo space (1st Floor Peristyle) will be shared between the two conferences on Wednesday 27th and Thursday 28th September. Participants will have the opportunity to visit and interact with posters and demos from CHIGreece2023 authors, in addition to those from MobileHCI'23, without requirement for additional registration.  
 Kindly note that while the Doctoral Consortium is primarily aimed at the presenting doctoral students, all interested participants are welcome and invited to join the session.  
 Accepted Contributions for presentation at MobileHCI'23   
 Papers session Schedule  | Late-Breaking Work  | Demos  | Tutorials  | Workshops  | Industrial Perspectives  | Doctoral Consortium 
 Designing for Collaborative Non-Driving Related Activities in Future Cars: Fairness and Team Performance. 
  Melanie Berger, Debargha Dey, Bahareh Barati, Bastian Pfleging, Regina Bernhaupt  
 Reality Anchors: Bringing Cues from Reality to Increase Acceptance of Immersive Technologies in Transit. 
  Laura Bajorunaite, Stephen Anthony Brewster, Julie R. Williamson.  
 DrivingVibe: Enhancing VR Driving Experience using Inertia-based Vibrotactile Feedback around the Head. 
  π-Net 
 Find us on Twitter  and Facebook  . Made by MobileHCI 2023 Web Chair