ACM    
 The 21st ACM International Conference on Mobile Systems, Applications, and Services  
 June 18 - June 22, 2023 • Helsinki, Finland  
   Home 
  Visa Information 
  Harassment Policy 
  Author Info | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demos 
  Artifact Submission Instructions 
  Submission Instructions 
  Camera-Ready Instructions 
  Video Instructions 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
 Call for Papers  
 ACM MobiSys 2023 seeks to present innovative and significant research on all aspects of mobile computing, applications, and services. The conference values technical contributions with working implementations and practical evaluations. We also welcome work that explores new and compelling mobile scenarios and applications as long as the work goes well beyond providing an initial vision.  
  Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
  Note: Selected outstanding papers may be fast-tracked as a special section of IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing.  
  Policy on Concurrent/Previous submissions  
 Papers whose contributions overlap with work currently under review elsewhere must not be submitted to ACM MobiSys. Papers whose contributions overlap with an earlier published paper will be considered only if (1) the previous paper was published (not just accepted) at a workshop at least 6 months before ACM MobiSys submission date and (2) it adds significant new contributions over the previous paper. Authors uncertain whether their submission meets these guidelines should contact the program chairs. Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered. Accepted submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication; rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.  
  Posted technical reports (ArXiv or similar) do not count as prior publication. However, (inspired by similar guidelines from ACM ASPLOS’23) we encourage the authors to (1) use different system names in the technical report and MobiSys submission and (2) avoid publicizing the technical report on social media or community blogs and webpages while it is under review by MobiSys.  
  Double-Blind Review Process  
 ACM MobiSys will use a double-blind review policy during the initial paper review. Authors are instructed to not include their names, affiliations, and contact information on the manuscript they submit for review. Authors should also anonymize the content of their paper to hide their identity. Reviewers will not know the identity of the authors until an outcome is decided for the paper. Only PC chairs will know the identity of the authors and be able to interact with them during the review process, should the need arise. Submissions which are not properly anonymized will be rejected without being reviewed.  
  Submissions will be judged on originality, significance, interest, clarity, relevance, and technical correctness. Papers may be conditionally accepted and shepherded by a member of the program committee, with final acceptance determined by consent of the shepherd.  
  Formatting Guidelines  
  IRB Approval Requirement  
 As part of the submission process, authors of papers that describe experiments on human subjects, or that analyze nonpublic data derived from human subjects (even anonymized data), will be asked to certify that their work was vetted by an ethics review (e.g., IRB approval). We expect authors to follow the rules of their host institutions around data collection and experiments with human subjects.  
  Mandatory Registration  
 At least one author of an accepted paper is expected to register for the conference (at non-student rate) and present the paper in-person. The MobiSys organizers will monitor the pandemic situation in case accommodations are needed.  
  Artifact Evaluation  
  (New) Early Rejection Notification and Rebuttal  
  Important Dates  
 (New) This year, MobiSys will not have a registration deadline.   
 Paper Submission | December 9, 2022 AoE 
 Early Rejection Notification | January 18, 2023 
 Rebuttal Period | February 13-16, 2023 
 Final Decision Notification | February 27, 2023 
 Contact  
     Host Institution  
 © 2023 ACM