  EAMT 
  IAMT 
  MT Summit 
  SIGMT 
  SIGSLT 
 Events 
  MT Summit 2023 
 MT Summit 2023  
 Machine Translation Summit  
  The Machine Translation Summit ( MT Summit 2023  ) took place in Macau Special Administrative Region, CN from 04 September to 08 September, 2023.  
 MT Summit 2023 was organised by AMTA  .  
  Machine Translation (MT) Summit is an international conference, which brings together people from the academic and commercial world developing MT and users of MT systems. The conference overviews state-of-the-art technologies in MT, its major contemporary trends, and practical applications.  
 Location  
  Important Dates  
 Workshops and tutorials submission deadline | 17 April 
 Papers submission deadline | 15 May 
 Notification of acceptance of users papers | 19 June 
 Notification of acceptance of research papers | 03 July 
 Full paper submission of users papers | 10 July 
 Final “camera-ready” versions of users and research papers | 24 July 
 Keynote speakers  
  Prof. Akiko Sakamoto (Kansai University) 
  Workshops  
 WAT 2023  
 The Workshop on Asian Translation (WAT) is an open machine translation evaluation campaign focusing on Asian languages. WAT gathers and shares the resources and knowledge of Asian language translation to understand the problems to be solved for the practical use of machine translation technologies among all Asian countries.  
  WAT 2023   
 ALT 2023：Ancient Language Translation Workshop  
 This workshop aims to provide an opportunity for practitioners and scholars of interest to learn about the challenges and latest developments in the field of machine translation for ancient languages. Participants will engage in discussions and hands-on activities to develop a deeper understanding of the field and the techniques used to address the unique challenges posed by translating texts written in ancient languages.  
  ancientnlp.com/alt2023/   
  Chairs:  Masaru Yamada, Félix do Carmo [email protected]   
    Call for workshops and tutorials  
 Workshops and tutorials will take place on 4 September and 5 September, 2023.  
 Chairs:  Thepchai Supnithi, Jiajun Zhang [email protected]  [email protected]   
    Workshops  
  ↑   
 Want to learn more about MT Summit 2023?  
 Search the community for MT Summit 2023    
 Ask a question about MT Summit 2023    
   Edited on  by  .  
