 Important Dates   
  Notification: July 17 | , 2023 
  Publication-ready deadline: August 05 | , 2023 
  Submission Details   
 Submission format: an abstract using | ACM Master Article Submission Templates | (single column, maximum of 4 pages excluding references), video (3-5min), proof of student status and – if accepted – poster (A0). Both poster and abstract submissions must meet SIGCHI | accessibility requirements | . 
  Submissions can be in German or English but should stay consistent for submission forms (pdf, video). 
  Student(s) must be enrolled in a university or college at the time of the initial submission deadline, not necessarily at the time of the conference. 
  Submission can be made by undergraduate or graduate (Masters) students. Prior research experience of the author(s) will be taken into account when reviewing the papers. 
  Students can submit a single or team project with one designated presenter. At least the designated presenter has to register to and attend the MUC 2023 conference. 
  Online submission: | Conftool 
 Note that supervisors are allowed as co-authors but one of the students need to present. Submission must *not* be anonymized   
 Selection Process   
 All submission will be reviewed and rated according to the presented:   
 Problem and motivation: 5 points 
  Confidentiality of submissions is maintained during the review process. All rejected submissions will be kept confidential in perpetuity. Submissions should not contain sensitive, private, or proprietary information that cannot be disclosed at publication time.   
 Authors of all accepted submissions will receive instructions on how to submit the publication-ready copy of their abstract. Deadline and instructions regarding publication-ready submissions are emailed to accepted authors. This email will also contain instructions of how to notify the Student Research Competition and Accessibility Chairs of any necessary accommodations. Authors will also receive instructions by email about poster design for presentation at the conference. If the authors are unable to meet these requirements by the Publication-Ready deadline, the venue Chairs will be notified and may be required to remove the submission from the program.   
 Up to ten submissions in total will be chosen to participate in the competition at MUC 2023.   
 At the Conference   
 For accepted submission, one of the authors will give a presentation to selected judges and prepare a poster for the conference audience.   
 After the Conference   
 Accepted Student Research Competition abstracts will be distributed in the MUC Conference Extended Abstracts. They will be placed in the GI library where they will remain accessible to thousands of researchers and practitioners worldwide.   
 Prizes and Awards   
 Students whose SRC submission was accepted will be invited to the conference and get refunded for registration and transportation costs. Accommodation costs can be fully funded if SRC applicants additionally apply for an SV job (we have saved spots for SRC applicants).  The top three winners will be awarded during the closing plenary session of the MUC 2023 conference.   
 Preparing Your Student Research Competition Submission   
 A submission to the Student Research Competition should describe recently completed or ongoing student research in any of the topic areas covered by  MUC   . Submissions should be original work that is neither in submission elsewhere nor already published in MUC or another conference or journal. Abstracts should describe:   
 The research problem and motivation for the work 
  Background and related work 
  Contributions to the field of HCI 
  To participate in the Student Research Competition:   
 Submit an | extended abstract | to the Student Research Competition category via the | Conftool | : | The submission must be a maximum length of 4 pages. References are not included in this page limit. 
  The initial submission for this venue is *not* anonymized. Please include the name of the author(s) and the acknowledgment section as they will appear in the camera-ready version of the abstract. 
  Submit | video | describing and showing your project. The video should have a maximum of 5 min. (.mp4, .mov | 16:9) 
  any form of official document from university (e.g., transcript of records, semester certificate, etc.) clearly showing that you were enrolled at the time of submission 
  If your SRC submission is accepted, you will be asked to prepare the following:   
 Prepare a presentation about your work. Details will be sent out in accordance with the acceptance letter. 
  For guidance on how to create a research poster, see this | XRDS article by Lorrie Cranor | . 
  University: | Bauhaus University Weimar, Germany 
  Enhancing TODO-Comments by Applying Hole-Driven Development: A Case Study for C#  
 Author: | Bernhard Mayr 
  University: | LFU Innsbruck/FH Hagenberg, Austria 
  Exploring Initial Interactions: High School Students and Generative AI Chatbots for Relationship Development   
  University: | Delft University of Technology, Netherlands 
 Mensch und Computer 2023, 3 – 6 September 2023 at the Eastern Switzerland University of Applied Sciences   
 Gold Sponsors:    
 We are looking for sponsors: Contact for inquiries markus.stolze@ost.ch   
 © 2024 Mensch und Computer 2023. Proudly powered by Sydney