  Registration 
  Keynotes 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Conference Program 
   Important Dates  
  Author Registration | : | [click here] 
  We want to remind all speakers that the presentation time for regular papers will be | 20 | minutes and for short papers will be | 10 | minutes. 
  The final version of the conference program has been | posted | . 
  A tentative version of the conference program (pending paper registrations and potential timeslot changes) has been posted. Please note that the presentation time for regular papers will be | 20 | minutes and for short papers | 10 | minutes. 
  Instructions for submitting the camera ready manuscripts can be found in the "Camera Ready Instructions" section of the website. 
  Information about the keynote speech has been posted to the website. 
  Authors that want a letter that attests that their paper has been accepted to the conference, in order to help them with their US visa application, should contact Aris Gkoulalas-Divanis (gkoulala@us.ibm.com). Please mention the paper-id and name of author who will travel to the conference. 
  Author notifications have been sent out. Congratulations to everyone who had their paper accepted! Please follow the guidelines provided in the "Call for Papers" section of the website to prepare the camera ready manuscript. Additional instructions for submitting the camera ready manuscripts will be provided shortly. 
  Due to the extension of the submission deadline, the notifications will be delayed for a few days in order to conclude the evaluation. The result will be sent by mail. 
  A link was added to the | Registration | page that can be used to book hotel rooms at the conference venue at the discounted rate. 
  All deadlines related to paper submission, author notification and registration, are in AOE = Anywhere on Earth timezone. 
  All submitted manuscripts must conform to the | manuscript submission guidelines | . They must be formatted using the | IEEE 2-column conference proceedings template | . 
  About NCA  
 NCA is a successful series of conferences that serves as a large international forum for presenting and sharing recent research results and technological developments in the fields of Network and Cloud Computing. NCA, which is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, reaches out to both researchers and practioners, and to both academia and industry. The conference features keynotes, technical presentations, and workshops.  
 All papers presented at the main conference and the workshops will be submitted to IEEE Xplore for publication and indexing. Authors of high-quality papers that have been accepted to the main conference, will be invited to submit an extended version of their work to a special issue organized in an IEEE Journal.  
 Organization  
 Steering Committee Chair: | Dimiter. R. Avresky | , IRIANC, Boston/Munich, USA/Germany 
