  Venue and Location 
  Registration 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Conference Program 
   Important Dates  
  Author Registration | : | [click here] 
 Announcements  
 The final version of the conference program has been posted online  . The presentation time for regular papers (talk + questions) will be 25 minutes, for short papers will be 15 minutes, and for work-in-progress papers it will be 10 minutes. 
  A preliminary version of the conference program has been posted | online | . Please make sure that you register to the conference at full-rate to cover the publication costs of your accepted paper. 
  The online registration link is now available in the Registration page  . 
  Authors that need a letter that attests that their paper has been accepted to the conference, in order to help them with their US visa application, should contact Aris Gkoulalas-Divanis (gkoulala@us.ibm.com). Please mention the paper-id and the name of author who will travel to the conference. 
  Easy Chair has been upadated to enable the upload of the camera-ready submission and the copyright transfer form for the papers accepted to the conference. Please use only these fields (and not the regular paper submission field!) for uploading the corresponding PDF documents. 
  Instructions for submitting the camera ready manuscripts can be found in the "Camera Ready Instructions" section of the website. 
  All deadlines related to paper submission, author notification and registration, are in AOE = Anywhere on Earth timezone. 
  All submitted manuscripts must conform to the | manuscript submission guidelines | . They must be formatted using the | IEEE 2-column conference proceedings template | . 
  About NCA  
 NCA is a successful series of conferences that serves as a large international forum for presenting and sharing recent research results and technological developments in the fields of Network and Cloud Computing. NCA, which is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, reaches out to both researchers and practitioners, and to both academia and industry. The conference features keynotes, technical presentations, and workshops.  
 All papers presented at the main conference and the workshops will be submitted to IEEE Xplore for publication and indexing.  
 Organization  
 Distinguished Chair: | Charles E. Leiserson | , MIT, CSAIL, Cambridge, MA. 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Distinguished Chairs can contact the Steering Committee Chair for any questions at : autonomic@irianc.com    
 For author-related questions please contact us at : gkoulala@us.ibm.com    
 Past Year's Technical Programs  
