   9th IEEE International Conference on Network Softwarization   
 19–23 June 2023 // Madrid, Spain   
 Boosting Future Networks through Advanced Softwarization   
 Program 
  Welcome To NetSoft 2023  
 Welcome from the Chairs of NetSoft 2023    
 The 9th IEEE International Conference on Network Softwarization  (IEEE NetSoft 2023) will be held in Madrid  , Spain from June 19 to June 23, 2023. We are pleased to welcome you to Madrid, the capital of Spain and one of the most friendly and multi-cultural cities of Europe! The conference will be hosted by University Carlos III of Madrid, one of the best Spanish universities in many technical areas, in its downtown campus in Madrid.  
 The theme of the IEEE NetSoft 2023 “Boosting Future Networks through Advanced Softwarization”  reflects the vision that future networks will also integrate a native service dimension in a continuum compute-connectivity environment crossing different network segments/providers/domains and enabled by softwarization coupled with new advanced architectures, frameworks, and models. This will allow greater flexibility, reliability, adaptability, and efficiency for both network operations and service deployments for the benefit of an ecosystem of different application layers/developers/components. This will also lay the foundation to head beyond the current inter-networking capabilities in Future Internet architectures and to further convergence between internetworking and IP layer re-engineering.  
 As in previous events, the IEEE NetSoft 2023 will showcase the latest research and development results from academia and industry in the area of AI/ML, SDN/NFV, edge/fog networking, management and orchestration, network slicing, energy efficiency, cloud-native deployments, security among others promising research areas in the context of Future Internet with the final aim of enabling an open softwarized network environment featured by full automation and autonomicity, native network slicing, and AI-based and dynamic control, management and orchestration.  
 IEEE NetSoft 2023 will feature an intense five-day conference program. The core of the conference will run from June 20 to June 22 and will feature inspiring Keynote Talks delivered by world-class researchers and industry representatives. It also includes a Distinguished Expert Panel, Technical Sessions, as well as Demos showcasing prototypes and proof-of-concept implementations of ongoing research ideas. On June 19 and June 23, the program includes workshops and tutorials that will provide the opportunity to deep dive into the focused topics on network softwarization. In addition, in this edition for the first time a PhD symposium will take place to engage PhD students in the vibrant NetSoft community and give them the opportunity to exchange ideas and receive valuable and constructive feedback for PhD work.  
 Looking forward to meeting you during IEEE NetSoft 2023!  
 Barbara Martini  and Carlos Jesus Bernardos   
 General Co-Chairs, IEEENetSoft 2023  
 Elisa Rojas  , Fabio Luciano Verdi  and Zuqing Zhu   
 TPC Co-Chairs, IEEE NetSoft 2023  
 Important Dates  
