Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
   NeurIPS | Help/FAQ 
  Contact NeurIPS 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Conduct 
   Login    
   Select Year: (2023) | 2024 
  2023 
  2022 
  Dates 
  Submit | Calls 2023 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper FAQ 
  Call for Datasets & Benchmarks 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Creative AI 
  Call for Education Proposals 
  Author Resources 
  Poster Information 
  Reviewer Resources 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Main Program Committee 
  NeurIPS Board 
  NeurIPS Foundation 
  Conference Site 
  NeurIPS 2023  
 Conference Dates: (In person) December 10 - December 16   
 Call For Papers  
 Abstract submission deadline: May 11, 2023   
 Full paper submission (all authors must have an OpenReview profile when submitting) deadline: May 17, 2023   
 Supplemental material submission deadline: May 24, 2023   
 Author notification: Sep 21, 2023   
 Camera-ready, poster, and video submission: to be announced   
 The site will start accepting submissions on April 19, 2023  .  
 Subscribe to these and other dates on the 2023 dates page  .  
 The Thirty-Seventh Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2023) is an interdisciplinary conference that brings together researchers in machine learning, neuroscience, statistics, optimization, computer vision, natural language processing, life sciences, natural sciences, social sciences, and other adjacent fields. We invite submissions presenting new and original research on topics including but not limited to the following:  
 Applications (e.g., vision, language, speech and audio) 
  Deep learning (e.g., architectures, generative models, optimization for deep networks) 
  Theory (e.g., control theory, learning theory, algorithmic game theory) 
  Machine learning is a rapidly evolving field, and so we welcome interdisciplinary submissions that do not fit neatly into existing categories.  
 Authors are asked to confirm that their submissions accord with the       NeurIPS code of conduct        .        
 Use of Large Language Models (LLMs):  We welcome authors to use any tool that is suitable for preparing high-quality papers and research. However, we ask authors to keep in mind two important criteria. First, we expect papers to fully describe their methodology, and any tool that is important to that methodology, including the use of LLMs, should be described also. For example, authors should mention tools (including LLMs) that were used for data processing or filtering, visualization, facilitating or running experiments, and proving theorems. It may also be advisable to describe the use of LLMs in implementing the method (if this corresponds to an important, original, or non-standard component of the approach). Second, authors are responsible for the entire content of the paper, including all text and figures, so while authors are welcome to use any tool they wish for writing the paper, they must ensure that all text is correct and original.  
 Double-blind reviewing:       All submissions must be anonymized and may not contain any identifying information that may violate the double-blind reviewing policy. This policy applies to any supplementary or linked material as well, including code. If you are including links to any external material, it is your responsibility to guarantee anonymous browsing. Please do not include acknowledgements at submission time. If you need to cite one of your own papers, you should do so with adequate anonymization to preserve double-blind reviewing. For instance, write “In the previous work of Smith et al. [1]…” rather than “In our previous work [1]...”). If you need to cite one of your own papers that is in submission to NeurIPS and not available as a non-anonymous preprint, then include a copy of the cited anonymized submission in the supplementary material and write “Anonymous et al. [1] concurrently show...”).        
 We encourage authors to upload their code and data as part of their supplementary material in order to help reviewers assess the quality of the work. Check       the policy        as well as code submission       guidelines and templates        for further details.        
 Ethics review:       Reviewers and ACs may flag submissions for       ethics review        . Flagged submissions will be sent to an ethics review committee for comments. Comments from ethics reviewers will be considered by the primary reviewers and AC as part of their deliberation. They will also be visible to authors, who will have an opportunity to respond. Ethics reviewers do not have the authority to reject papers, but in extreme cases papers may be rejected by the program chairs on ethical grounds, regardless of scientific quality or contribution.              
 Paper checklist:       In order to improve the rigor and transparency of research submitted to and published at NeurIPS, authors are required to complete a       paper checklist        . The paper checklist is intended to help authors reflect on a wide variety of issues relating to responsible machine learning research, including reproducibility, transparency, research ethics, and societal impact. The checklist does not count towards the page limit and will be entered in OpenReview.        
 Preprints:       The existence of non-anonymous preprints (on arXiv or other online repositories, personal websites, social media) will not result in rejection. If you choose to use the NeurIPS style for the preprint version, you must use the “preprint” option rather than the “final” option. Reviewers will be instructed not to actively look for such preprints, but encountering them will not constitute a conflict of interest. Authors may submit anonymized work to NeurIPS that is already available as a preprint (e.g., on arXiv) without citing it. Note that public versions of the submission should not say       "Under review at NeurIPS" or similar.         
 Dual submissions:       Submissions that are substantially similar to papers that the authors have previously published or submitted in parallel to other peer-reviewed venues with proceedings or journals may not be submitted to NeurIPS. Papers previously presented at workshops are permitted, so long as they did not appear in a conference proceedings (e.g., CVPRW proceedings), a journal or a book. NeurIPS coordinates with other conferences to identify dual submissions. The NeurIPS policy on dual submissions applies for the entire duration of the reviewing process. Slicing contributions too thinly is discouraged. The reviewing process will treat any other submission by an overlapping set of authors as prior work. If publishing one would render the other too incremental, both may be rejected.        
 Author responses:       Authors will have one week to view and respond to initial reviews. Author responses may not contain any identifying information that may violate the double-blind reviewing policy. Authors may not submit revisions of their paper or supplemental material, but may post their responses as a discussion in OpenReview. This is to reduce the burden on authors to have to revise their paper in a rush during the short rebuttal period.        
 After the initial response period, authors will be able to respond to any further reviewer/AC questions and comments by posting on the submission’s forum page. The program chairs reserve the right to solicit additional reviews after the initial author response period. These reviews will become visible to the authors as they are added to OpenReview, and authors will have a chance to respond to them.        
 After the notification deadline, accepted and opted-in rejected papers will be made public and open for non-anonymous public commenting. Their anonymous reviews, meta-reviews, author responses and reviewer responses will also be made public. Authors of rejected papers will have two weeks after the notification deadline to opt in to make their deanonymized rejected papers public in OpenReview. These papers are not counted as NeurIPS publications and will be shown as rejected in OpenReview.        
 Publication of accepted submissions:       Reviews, meta-reviews, and any discussion with the authors will be made public for accepted papers (but reviewer, area chair, and senior area chair identities will remain anonymous). Camera-ready papers will be due in advance of the conference. All camera-ready papers must include a       funding disclosure        . We strongly encourage accompanying code and data to be submitted with accepted papers when appropriate, as per the       code submission policy        . Authors will be allowed to make minor changes for a short period of time after the conference.        
 Contemporaneous Work:       For the purpose of the reviewing process, papers that appeared online within two months of a submission will generally be considered "contemporaneous" in the sense that the submission will not be rejected on the basis of the comparison to contemporaneous work. Authors are still expected to cite and discuss contemporaneous work and perform empirical comparisons to the degree feasible. Any paper that influenced the submission is considered prior work and must be cited and discussed as such. Submissions that are very similar to contemporaneous work will undergo additional scrutiny to prevent cases of plagiarism and missing credit to prior work.        
 Plagiarism       is prohibited by the NeurIPS       Code of Conduct        .        
 Other Tracks:    Similarly to earlier years, we will host multiple tracks, such as       Datasets and Benchmarks  , Competitions  , tutorials as well as workshops, in addition to the main track for which this call for papers is intended. See the       conference homepage        for updates and calls for participation in these tracks.        
 Experiments:       As in past years, the program chairs will be measuring the quality and effectiveness of the review process via randomized controlled experiments. All experiments are independently reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board (IRB).        
 Financial        Aid        :        Each paper may designate up to one (1) NeurIPS.cc account email address of a corresponding student author who confirms that they would need the support to attend the conference, and agrees to volunteer if they get selected. To be considered for Financial the student will also need to fill out the Financial Aid application when it becomes available.        
 Amir Globerson, Moritz Hardt, Sergey Levine, Kate Saenko  
  NeurIPS 2023 Program Chairs  
 Tristan Naumann and Alice Oh  
  NeurIPS 2023 General Chairs  
 Successful Page Load   
 NeurIPS uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal information. Our Privacy Policy » | Accept Cookies 
 The NeurIPS Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
 Useful links  
