Cover Page  Happy to join the PROGRAM COMMITTEE MEMBERS @ NLDB"23 THE 28TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON NATURAL LANGUAGE & INFORMATION SYSTEMS (NLDB 2023)  
 June 2023 
 Authors:   
 Ferhat Abbas University of Setif 
   Request file PDF   To read the file of this research, you can request a copy directly from the author.  
   Request file     
     Copy link  Link copied    
 To read the file of this research, you can request a copy directly from the author.   
 Abstract  
 To read the file of this research,  
  you can request a copy directly from the author.  
   Request file PDF     
 Publishing and using parliamentary Linked Data on the Semantic Web: ParliamentSampo system for Parli...   
 October 2024  · Semantic Web    
 Eero Hyvönen 
  Laura Sinikallio 
 Toward an Enrichment of Ontologies Inferred From RDF Documents   
 October 2024  · IEEE Access    
 Juan Collio 
  Ana Isabel Aguilera 
 Improving availability and utilization of forest inventory and land use map data using Linked Open D...   
 September 2024  · Frontiers in Forests and Global Change    
 José M. Giménez-García 
  Guillermo Vega-gorgojo 
 LPG Semantic Ontologies: A Tool for Interoperable Schema Creation and Management   
 September 2024  · Information    
 Eleonora Bernasconi 
  Miguel Ceriani 
  [...] 
  Stefano Ferilli 
  Ontologies are essential for the management and integration of heterogeneous datasets. This paper presents OntoBuilder, an advanced tool that leverages the structural capabilities of semantic labeled property graphs (SLPGs) in strict alignment with semantic web standards to create a sophisticated framework for data management. We detail OntoBuilder’s architecture, core functionalities, and ... [Show full abstract]  application scenarios, demonstrating its proficiency and adaptability in addressing complex ontological challenges. Our empirical assessment highlights OntoBuilder’s strengths in enabling seamless visualization, automated ontology generation, and robust semantic integration, thereby significantly enhancing user workflows and data management capabilities. The performance of the linked data tools across multiple metrics further underscores the effectiveness of OntoBuilder.    
 View full-text    
