Organization 
  Call 
  Submission Process 
  Program 
  Attending 
 WELCOME TO ACM NOSSDAV 2023   
  Metaverse, Web3 Multimedia, NFT 
 Submission Process  
  Prospective authors are invited to submit an electronic version of full papers, in PDF format, up to six (6) printed pages plus one (1) page solely for references in length (double column ACM style format  ) at the workshop website. Authors must prepare their papers in a way that preserves the anonymity of the authors.  Please do NOT include the author names under the title. The workshop proceedings will be published by ACM Digital Library.  
 Submission deadline: 10th March, 2023 
  Acceptance notification: 31st March, 2023 
  Camera-ready deadline: 17th April, 2023 
  Speaker: Prof. Jiangchuan Liu (Simon Fraser University) 
  Abstract: Cyberspace has long had an ambitious goal --- connecting the world, understanding the world, and interacting with the world, both physically and virtually, for human beings and machines, anytime and anywhere. This remained a dream a decade ago. With the unprecedented development in the Information and Communication Technology (ICT) sector in the past decade, however, it is now solid and reachable to a great extent, if not all. In this talk, we will discuss our recent works on immersive media over the Internet and advanced mobile networks, from synergized neuro and traditional compression, to personalized distribution, and to multi-modal interaction. Besides human beings as consumers, we will further explore the new world when machines act as consumers, with a focus on mobile video analytics. We will also examine their applications in extreme environments as well as the opportunities and challenges from the latest advances in communication and computing infrastructures, including streaming over low earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellations, batteryless spatial acoustic sensing, and cross-region analytics. 
  Paper Session 1: Video Analytics and Media Representations   
 RepCaM: Re-parameterization Content-aware Modulation for Neural Video Delivery | Rongyu Zhang, Lixuan Du, Jiaming Liu, Congcong Song, Fangxin Wang, Xiaoqi Li, Ming Lu, Yandong Guo, Shanghang Zhang 
  DMGC:Deep Triangle Mesh Geometry Compression via Connectivity Prediction | Xudong Zhao, Xinyao Zeng, Linyao Gao, Yiling Xu, Yanfeng Wang 
  A Low Cost Cross-Platform Video/Image Process Framework Empowers Heterogeneous Edge Application | Danyang Song, Cong Zhang, Yifei Zhu, Jiangchuan Liu 
  Paper Session 2: Immersive Media and Emerging Networks   
 Will Dynamic Foveation Boost the Gaming Experience in Cloud VR? | Jia-Wei Fang, Kuan-You Lee, Teemu Kämäräinen, Matti Siekkinen, Cheng-Hsin Hsu 
  Implementing Partial Atlas Selector for Viewport-dependent MPEG Immersive Video Streaming | Soonbin Lee, Jong-Beom Jenong,Eun-Seok Ryu 
  Realtime Multimedia Services over Starlink: A Reality Check | Haoyuan Zhao, Hao Fang, Feng Wang, Jiangchuan Liu 
  Paper Session 3: Adaptive Video Streaming   
 Cross that boundary: Investigating the feasibility of cross-layer information sharing for enhancing ABR decision logic over QUIC | Joris Herbots, Arno Verstraete, Maarten Wijnants, Peter Quax, Wim Lamotte 
  Improving ABR Performance for Short Video Streaming Using Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with Expert Guidance | Yueheng Li, Qianyuan Zheng, Zicheng Zhang, Hao Chen, Zhan Ma 
 Attending  
  NOSSDAV'23 will be co-located with MMSys'23. Venue information will be posted later in the year.  
  Registration is to be completed on MMSys'23 Web site  for both the authors and attendees.