SPLASH 2023   Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2023 Cascais, Portugal    
 Toggle navigation        
  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 22 Oct 
  Mon 23 Oct 
  Tue 24 Oct 
  Wed 25 Oct 
  Thu 26 Oct 
  Fri 27 Oct 
  Tracks | SPLASH 2023 
  Awards 
  OOPSLA 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Onward! Essays 
  Onward! Papers 
  PLMW 
  Posters 
  ST30 
  VMIL 
  Organization | SPLASH 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Onward! Essays | Program Committee 
  Onward! Steering Committee 
  Onward! Papers | Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  PLMW | Organizing Committee 
  SAS | Invited Speakers 
  Organizing Committee 
  SAS 2023 
  SAS 2023 Artifacts 
  SLE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  Sign up 
  SPLASH 2023  ( series  ) /  Onward! Papers SPLASH 2023   
 About 
  - 
  Call for Papers 
  Onward! is a premier multidisciplinary conference focused on everything to do with programming and software: including processes, methods, languages, communities and applications. Onward! is more radical, more visionary and more open than other conferences to ideas that are well-argued but not yet proven. We welcome different ways of thinking about, approaching and reporting on programming language and software engineering research.  
 The Character of Onward!   
 Onward! Papers is looking for grand visions and new paradigms that could make a big difference in how we will one day build software. But it is not looking for research-as-usual papers—conferences like OOPSLA are the place for that. Those conferences require rigorous validation such as theorems or empirical experiments, which are necessary for scientific progress, but which typically preclude discussion of early-stage ideas. Onward! papers must also supply some degree of validation because mere speculation is not a good basis for progress. However, Onward! accepts less rigorous methods of validation such as compelling arguments, exploratory implementations, and substantial examples. The use of worked-out examples to support new ideas is strongly encouraged.  
 Dates    
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Wed 25 Oct   
 Displayed time zone: Lisbon  change      
 Keynote | Creating a learnable and inclusive programming language Keynote      Onward! Papers   
 K:  Felienne Hermans  Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 
 30m    
 Talk | Time-awareness in Object-exploration Tools: Toward In Situ Omniscient Debugging Remote      Onward! Papers   
 Christoph Thiede  Hasso Plattner Institute, University of Potsdam, Germany  , Marcel Taeumel  University of Potsdam; Hasso Plattner Institute  , Robert Hirschfeld  University of Potsdam; Hasso Plattner Institute    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 30m    
 Talk | Code Merging Using Transformations and Member Identity   Onward! Papers   
 André R. Teles  University Institute of Lisbon  , André L. Santos  University Institute of Lisbon, Portugal 
 30m    
 Talk | Scalable Spreadsheet-driven End-User Applications with Incremental Computation   Onward! Papers   
 Sean Hadar  Technion  , Shachar Itzhaky  Technion 
 30m    
 Talk | Could No-Code be Code? -- Toward a No-Code Programming Language for Citizen Developers   Onward! Papers   
 David H. Lorenz  Open University of Israel  , Assaf Zeira  Too Software    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 30m    
 Talk | Toward Programming Languages for Reasoning -- Humans, Symbolic Systems, and AI Agents   Onward! Papers   
 Mark Marron  University of Kentucky 
 30m    
 Talk | Trustworthy Formal Natural Language Specifications   Onward! Papers   
 Colin Gordon  Drexel University  , Sergey Matskevich  Drexel University, USA 
 Talk | Will code remain a relevant user interface for end-user programming with generative AI models?   Onward! Essays   
 Advait Sarkar  Microsoft Research and University of Cambridge    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 Talk | programmingLanguage as Language;   Onward! Essays   
 James Noble  Research & Programming  , Robert Biddle  Carleton University    
  Link to publication   DOI   File Attached 
 Dinner | Reception   Catering 
 Thu 26 Oct   
 Displayed time zone: Lisbon  change      
 30m    
 Talk | Cloning And Beyond: A Quantum Solution to Duplicate Code   Onward! Papers   
 Samyak Jhaveri  UCI  , Alberto Krone-Martins  UC Irvine  , Crista Lopes  University of California, Irvine 
 30m    
 Talk | Towards an Industrial Stateful Software Rejuvenation Toolchain Using Model Learning Remote      Onward! Papers   
 Mathijs Schuts  Philips; Radboud University Nijmegen  , Jozef Hooman  TNO; Radboud University Nijmegen 
 30m    
 Talk | Concept-Centric Software Development: An Experience Report   Onward! Papers   
 Peter Wilczynski  Palantir Technologies  , Taylor Gregoire-Wright  Independent consultant  , Daniel Jackson  MIT 
 Talk | Sharing a Perspective on the lambda-Calculus   Onward! Essays   
 Beniamino Accattoli  Inria & Ecole Polytechnique    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 Talk | Whither Problem-Solving Environments?   Onward! Essays   
 Matthew Dinmore  Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory    
  Link to publication   DOI   File Attached 
 Title 
 Cloning And Beyond: A Quantum Solution to Duplicate Code  Onward! Papers   
 Samyak Jhaveri  , Alberto Krone-Martins  , Crista Lopes 
 Code Merging Using Transformations and Member Identity  Onward! Papers   
 André R. Teles  , André L. Santos 
 Concept-Centric Software Development: An Experience Report  Onward! Papers   
 Peter Wilczynski  , Taylor Gregoire-Wright  , Daniel Jackson 
 Could No-Code be Code? -- Toward a No-Code Programming Language for Citizen Developers  Onward! Papers   
 David H. Lorenz  , Assaf Zeira    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 Scalable Spreadsheet-driven End-User Applications with Incremental Computation  Onward! Papers   
 Sean Hadar  , Shachar Itzhaky 
 Time-awareness in Object-exploration Tools: Toward In Situ Omniscient Debugging Remote     Onward! Papers   
 Christoph Thiede  , Marcel Taeumel  , Robert Hirschfeld    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 Toward Programming Languages for Reasoning -- Humans, Symbolic Systems, and AI Agents  Onward! Papers   
 Mark Marron 
 Towards an Industrial Stateful Software Rejuvenation Toolchain Using Model Learning Remote     Onward! Papers   
 Mathijs Schuts  , Jozef Hooman 
 Trustworthy Formal Natural Language Specifications  Onward! Papers   
 Colin Gordon  , Sergey Matskevich 
 Selection Process   
 Onward! papers are peer-reviewed in a double blind manner. Accepted papers will appear in the Onward! Proceedings in the ACM Digital Library. Submissions will be judged on the potential impact of the ideas and the quality of the presentation.  
 Onward! Papers follows a two-phase review process. This enables us to welcome papers that contain promising ideas and have the potential to meet the conference’s standards, but which may fall short of this in the initial submission. At the end of the first phase, all papers will be either: accepted normally; or asked to perform certain required revisions; or rejected outright. The authors of papers asked to perform revisions will get one month to complete the revisions, at which point the original reviewers decide on the final acceptance of the paper. All papers will thus remain under submission until the authors receive notification of acceptance or rejection.  
 We expect the typical strong submission to be accepted normally, with authors expected—as is conventional—to revise the paper using the program committee’s feedback.  
 The program committee may identify certain papers with promising ideas as needing important revisions. These papers will be handled in one of two ways. They may be assigned a shepherd, in the tradition followed by numerous conferences. Otherwise, they will be given a concrete set of goals to accomplish in the revision. In the latter case, the second submission must then be accompanied by a cover letter mapping the revision requests to specific parts of the paper; the program committee will use the cover letter and revised submission to arrive at a final decision.  
 The second phase will only be used to elevate promising papers to the conference’s standard, not to require additional work of papers already deemed up-to-standard.  
 Instructions for Authors   
 For fairness reasons, all submitted papers should conform to the formatting instructions (see below). Submissions that violate these instructions may be rejected without review, at the discretion of the Program Chair.  
 Submission Site   
 Concurrent Submissions   
 Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as described by SIGPLAN’s Republication Policy. Submitters should also be aware of ACM’s Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism.  
 Policy on Double Blind Review   
 Onward! 2023 is using a double-blind submission process. This means that authors will not know who reviewed their papers, and reviewers will not know who authored the papers they review. The aim of double-blind is to treat all papers with minimal bias. Authors must take the following actions to prepare their papers for double-blind reviewing:  
 Remove identifying information (names, institutions, etc) from the author block of the first page of the paper. 
  To the extent possible, when authors cite their own work, they should refer to it in the third person. 
  To the extent possible, authors should remove any other potentially identifying information, such as acknowledgements. 
  After submitting their review, reviewers will be able to see author identities. When the paper is accepted for publication, the camera-ready copy must not be blinded.  
 See OOPSLA’s FAQ on double-blind reviewing for more information. Please contact the PC chair if you have any questions.  
 Policy on Authorship Changes   
 Any addition of authors after initial submission of a paper must be cleared with the PC chair. Authors are very strongly advised to list all authors prior to initial submission as the addition of authors may create new conflicts with the PC. In all cases, the PC chair must be provided with a rationale. The PC chair has the authority to reject any requested change.  
 Format   
 Submissions should use ACM SIGPLAN Conference acmart Format, sigplan sub-format  and 10 point font. All submissions should be in PDF format.  
 If you are formatting your paper using LaTeX, you will need to use the sigplan, anonymous and review options. Note that by default the SIGPLAN template produces two-column, 9 point papers, but you will need to you will need to set the 10pt option in the \documentclass command. If you are formatting your paper using Word, you may wish to use the provided Word template that supports this font size. Please include page numbers in your submission. Setting the review option in the LaTeX \documentclass command generates page numbers, and the anonymous option hides author names. Please also ensure that your submission is legible when printed on a black and white printer. In particular, please check that colors remain distinct and font sizes are legible.  
 Page Limit   
 To ensure that papers stay focused on their core contributions, the main part of the paper (excluding bibliographic references) should be no longer than 13 pages. There is no page limit for bibliographic references and appendices, and, therefore, for the overall submission. However, reviewers are not obligated to read the appendices, so the main part of the paper should be self contained. If the paper is accepted, the final submission will be limited to 17 pages. (The 13-page limit for the main body of the paper no longer applies.)  
 Publication (Digital Library Early Access Warning)   
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 More Information   
 For additional information, clarification, or answers to questions please contact the Program Chair via onward@splashcon.org   
 Questions? Use the SPLASH Onward! Papers contact form  .    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Sun 10 Sep 2023  
  Camera ready 
 Fri 11 Aug 2023  
  Final notification 
 Fri 21 Jul 2023  
  Revisions due 
 Wed 21 Jun 2023  
  First round notifications 
 Fri 28 Apr 2023   
  Submission deadline 
 Submission Link   
  SPLASH 2023   
   Support page    
  OOPSLA Artifacts   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Onward! Essays   
  Onward! Papers   
  PLMW   
  Posters   
  Sponsored Talks    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 DLS 2023   
  GPCE 2023   
  LOPSTR 2023   
  MPLR 2023   
  PPDP 2023   
  SAS 2023   
  SLE 2023   
  Workshops  
 CONFLANG 2023   
  FTSCS 2023   
  HATRA 2023   
  IWACO 2023   
  LIVE 2023   
  PAINT 2023   
  PLF 2023   
  REBLS 2023   
  ST30   
  VMIL 2023    
 Attending  
