  Job Board 
  Internships 
  Prizes and Awards | Deadline Calendar 
  SIAM Fellows Program 
  Policy & Procedures 
  SIAM Engage Online Community 
  Ways to Participate | Serve on Committees 
  Become an Author, Editor, or Referee 
  Nominate for Prizes 
  Network and Present at a Conference 
  Write for SIAM News 
  Ways to Support | Donate to SIAM 
 Event Details  
 April 27 –  29 , 2023 
  Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S. 
 This conference is sponsored by the SIAM Activity Group on Data Science  .   
 Data mining is the computational process for discovering valuable knowledge from data – the core of Data Science. It has enormous application in numerous fields, including science, engineering, healthcare, business, and medicine. Typical datasets in these fields are large, complex, and often noisy. Extracting knowledge from these datasets requires the use of sophisticated, high-performance, and principled analysis techniques and algorithms, which are based on sound theoretical and statistical foundations. These techniques in turn require implementations on high performance computational infrastructure that are carefully tuned for performance. Powerful visualization technologies along with effective user interfaces are also essential to make data mining tools appealing to researchers, analysts, data scientists and application developers from different disciplines, as well as usable by stakeholders.  
 The SDM conference provides a venue for researchers who are addressing these problems to present their work in a peer-reviewed forum. It also provides an ideal setting for graduate students to network and get feedback for their work (as part of the doctoral forum). Everyone new to the field can also learn about cutting-edge research by hearing outstanding invited speakers and attending presentations and tutorials (included with conference registration). A set of focused workshops is also held on the last day of the conference. The proceedings of the conference are published in archival form and are also made available online.  
 General Co-chairs  
 Shashi Shekhar  , University of Minnesota, U.S  
