OPODIS 2023    
 Home 
  Call for Papers  
 OPODIS is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge on distributed computing and distributed computer systems. OPODIS aims at having a balanced program that combines theory and practice of distributed systems. OPODIS 2023 solicits papers in all aspects of distributed systems, including theory, specification, design, system building, and performance.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Double-blind review  
 We will use double-blind peer review. All submissions must be anonymous. We will use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double-blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identity of the authors. Please feel free to ask the PC chairs ( opodis_pc_chairs@coord.c.titech.ac.jp  ) if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of OPODIS 2023.  
 Submissions  
 Submissions must be in English, in pdf format. 
  Submissions must be prepared using the | LaTeX style templates for LIPIcs | , choosing the A4 paper option. 
  Length: a submission must not exceed 15 pages, including everything but the references. Unlimited pages are allowed for references. 
  Paper information: the following information must appear in the first page of the submission: the title of the paper a list of keywords an abstract summarizing the contributions of the submission and whether or not the paper is eligible for the best student paper award. 
  Appendix: the submission may contain a clearly-marked appendix, which will be read at the discretion of the reviewers. 
  Ready for double-blind reviewing (see above). 
 The submission must contain a clear presentation of the merits of the paper, including discussion of its importance, prior work, and an outline of key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. All of the ideas necessary for an expert to fully verify the central claims in the submission, including experimental results, should be included in the submission. A submission must report on original research that has not previously appeared in a journal or conference with published proceedings. It should not be concurrently submitted to such a journal or conference. Any overlap with a published or concurrently submitted paper must be clearly indicated. The Program Chairs reserve the right to reject submissions that are out of scope, of clearly inferior quality, or that violate the submission guidelines. Each of the remaining papers will undergo a thorough reviewing process.  
 Publication  
 OPODIS has post-proceedings published by Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) in gold open access mode. The proceedings become available online, free of charge, after the conference. Preliminary versions of the proceedings will be available to participants at the conference electronically. The camera-ready version of a paper must have the same format and be of the same length as its main part of the submitted version.  
 Awards  
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper (i.e., primarily written by a student). Eligibility for the best student paper award should be clearly indicated on the first page.  
 Registration and presentation (NEW!)  
 At least one author of every accepted paper is expected to register (as a regular registration) for the conference and present the work on-site at the conference.  
  Important Dates  
 (all dates are " anywhere on earth  ")  
 Abstract registration: | Monday, August 28, 2023  Monday, September 4, 2023 
  Submission deadline: | Friday, September 1, 2023  Friday, September 8, 2023 
  Acceptance notification: | Sunday, October 29, 2023 
  Final version due: | Thursday, November 9, 2023 
  Conference: | Wednesday-Friday, December 6-8, 2023 
  OPODIS'23 is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge concerning distributed computing and distributed computer systems. All aspects of distributed systems are within the scope of OPODIS, including theory, specification, design, performance, and system building.  
 Useful Links  
 Tokyo Tech 
  OPODIS conference series 
 Contact Us  
 OPODIS 2023 Technical Program Chairs  
  Email:  opodis_pc_chairs@coord.c.titech.ac.jp   
