O P  O D  I S  2023   
 Home 
 Conference on Principles of Distributed Systems  
 6-8 December 2023, Tokyo, Japan  
 About OPODIS 2023  Register    
 About OPODIS 2023  
 OPODIS is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge concerning distributed computing and distributed computer systems. All aspects of distributed systems are within the scope of OPODIS, including theory, specification, design, performance, and system building. With strong roots in the theory of distributed systems, OPODIS now covers the whole range between the theoretical aspects and practical implementations of distributed systems, as well as experimentation and quantitative assessments.  
 Where  
 When  
 Wednesday to Friday  
  6-8 December 2023  
 Satellite Event (MAC 23)  
 The research meeting and school on Distributed Computing by Mobile Robots, aka, Moving and Computing ( MAC 23  ) will be organized as a satellite event of OPODIS during the two days following OPODIS 2023.  
 Where / When  
 MAC 23 will take place on December 9/10 (Sat/Sun) in building West 8E; a different building next to the OPODIS venue.  
 Keynote Speakers  
 Detailed program here   
 Dec. 6 | Dec. 7 | Dec. 8 
 Venue location info  
  OPODIS 23 takes place in West Area, Building 9  , Multi-Purpose Digital Hall  . The reception (Dec. 5) is at Tokyo Tech Front  , Royal Blue Hall. MAC 23  (Dec. 9-10) is organized in West Area, Building 8E  , 10th floor, Conference Hall.  
 Most attendants will arrive from Ookayama station  (Meguro line, Oimachi line) and enter the campus via the Main Gate  . Those coming from Midorigaoka station (Oimachi line) will come via South exit, through the bicycle parking and enter the campus via the Midorigaoka Gate  .  
  Hotels  
 Tokyo offers a large variety of accommodations for all budgets and preferences. We recommend booking a hotel close to one of the stops on the Meguro line, Oimachi line, Ikegami line, or Toyoko line. Areas convenient for commuting to the venue are near the following stations: Oimachi Meguro Jiyugaoka, Musashi-Kosugi  , Futako-Tamagawa. Other alternatives include: Shibuya Ebisu Shinagawa Gotanda JR Kamata.  
  The top recommendation is Meguro Station as this runs against the flow of the morning rush hour. Besides, the OPODIS banquet will be located near Meguro station  
 Registration  
 The conference has ended and registration is now closed. Details below are left for beraucratic reference:  
 Complete OPODIS'23 registration form (Google form; closed) 
  Open payment link (Stripe) provided on Google form (2nd page) 
  Pay via stripe link 
 Student  
 (proof of enrollment required)    
  Until 12 Nov 2023: JPY 25,000.-   
  Conference Kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  coffee breaks (6-8 Dec) 
  Welcome reception (5 Dec) 
  Banquet (7 Dec) 
 Regular  
  Conference Kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks (6-8 Dec) 
  Welcome reception (5 Dec) 
  Banquet (7 Dec) 
 Author  
 From 13 Nov 2023: N/A   
 (dates in Japan timezone)    
  Conference Kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks (6-8 Dec) 
  Welcome reception (5 Dec) 
  Banquet (7 Dec) 
 Sponsors  
 We are grateful to our sponsors for their support to OPODIS'23.  
 Supported by International Exchange Program of National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT). 
  Sponsored by Information Processing Society of Japan (IPSJ). 
  OPODIS'23 is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge concerning distributed computing and distributed computer systems. All aspects of distributed systems are within the scope of OPODIS, including theory, specification, design, performance, and system building.  
 Useful Links  
 Tokyo Tech 
  OPODIS conference series 
 Contact Us  
 OPODIS 2023 Organizing Team  
  Email:  opodis23@coord.c.titech.ac.jp   
 OPODIS 2023 Technical Program Chairs  
  Email:  opodis_pc_chairs@coord.c.titech.ac.jp   
