  17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation  
 July 10–12, 2023   
 Boston, MA, USA   
 Sponsored by USENIX in cooperation with ACM SIGOPS   
  Thanks to those who joined us in Boston for the 17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '23)  . We hope you enjoyed the event.  
 OSDI brings together professionals from academic and industrial backgrounds in what has become a premier forum for discussing the design, implementation, and implications of systems software. The symposium emphasizes innovative research as well as quantified or insightful experiences in systems design and implementation.  
 As part of our commitment to open access to research, the full proceedings and presentation slides are free and open to the public on the technical sessions  page. Videos are posted within a few weeks of the end of the event.  
 Registration Information  
 Early Bird Registration Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 See the Registration Information page  for details.  
 Authors and Speakers  
 Please contact the Conference Department  for registration information.  
 Discounts  
 In addition to our member discounts  , USENIX offers several discounts  to help you to attend OSDI '23.  
 Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  
 Please review USENIX's Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  prior to registering for the event. We appreciate your willingness to help safeguard your fellow event attendees and respect their personal safety choices.  
 We encourage you to learn more about USENIX's values  and how we put them into practice at our conferences.  
 Accessibility Requests  
 USENIX is committed to ensuring that our meetings are fully accessible to all attendees. Visit our accessibility information page  to find out about options and how to make a request. To ensure that we meet your needs, please make your request by Monday, June 19, 2023  . We cannot guarantee that we can meet requests received after this date, although we will make every reasonable effort to do so.  
 Press Registration and Information  
 If you are an accredited journalist, please contact Melanie Ensign, Discernible Inc., for a complimentary registration code: melanie@usenix.org  .  
 Refunds and Cancellations  
 The cancellation deadline is Monday, June 26, 2023  . Please review the USENIX Registration Substitution and Cancellation Policy  for more information.  
 Venue  
 Hotel Discount Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 Special Attendee Room Rate  
 The group rate is available until Friday, June 23, 2023,  or until the block sells out, whichever occurs first. After this date, contact the hotel directly to inquire about room availability.  
 Room Sharing  
 USENIX utilizes Google Groups  to facilitate room sharing. You can sign up for free to find attendees with whom you can share a hotel room, taxi, etc. Please include "OSDI '23"  in the subject line when posting a new room share request.  
 About OSDI '23  
 Conference Policies   
  Code of Conduct   
 Conference Sponsorship  
 The acceptance of any organization as a sponsor does not imply explicit or implicit approval by USENIX of the donor organization’s values or actions. In addition, sponsorship does not provide any control over conference program content. Questions? Contact the Sponsorship Department  .  
 Attend | Registration Information 
