  Questions 
 OSDI '23 Exhibitor Services  
 Upcoming Dates and Deadlines  
 Deadline to confirm exhibit table | : Monday, June 12, 2023 
  Hotel discount deadline | : | Monday, June 19, 2023 | extended to Friday, June 23 
  Early bird registration deadline | : | Monday, June 19, 2023 | extended to Friday, June 23 
  Monitor orders  due | : Thursday, June 22, 2023 
  Shipping window for tabletop items | : Wednesday, July 5 to Friday, July 7 (tent) 
  Deadline to send your shipment’s tracking numbers | : Wednesday, July 5 (if applicable) 
  LeadCapture orders  due | : Tuesday, June 27, 2023 
 Exhibitor Badges  
 You may have up to three exhibitors staffing your tabletop space. Each exhibitor must register for their own badge: We will provide the exhibitor registration link upon confirmation of your tabletop. Exhibitor badges grant access to the foyer exhibit area and hallway track.  
 If there's anyone from your company who wishes to attend the conference and also staff the table, their main conference registration will suffice. We can also give them an exhibitor ribbon at the registration desk on site on request.  
 If you will NOT be using your table, please let us know  by Monday, June 19, so that we can release the space to another vendor.  
 Exhibiting Hours  
 Tables will be available Monday morning through Wednesday afternoon and will receive peak traffic during the breaks, lunches, and the half hour after the last session ends on the evenings on Monday and Tuesday. Please note that lunch is “on your own” on Wednesday, so fewer attendees will be on site during this break. Overnight security for tables will not be available but USENIX staff can secure items in the show office on request.  
 You can see the overview of the OSDI program  to help plan your schedule.  
 Tabletop Exhibit Information  
 Tables will be located in the Grand Ballroom Pre-function area. Badge pickup is also in the pre-function area.  
  Access to electrical 
  Use of the conference wireless network 
  You are welcome to bring pop-up banners, table swag, desktop literature racks, and giveaways, but please be aware that you will need to transport these in and out on your own. See below if you need assistance with advance shipping and be sure to advise us of your tracking information  by July 5.  
 Food and Beverage  
 Lunches and the Reception are available for registered attendees only. Plentiful food options are available in the Prudential Center  adjacent to the hotel.  
 Order Forms  
 Monitor Order  
 If you want to order a monitor or other AV, you can do so using this form: OSDI '23 Monitor Order form   
 Lead Retrieval  
 You may order lead retrieval via Cvent LeadCapture: OSDI '23 LeadCapture Flyer   
 Tabletop Shipping  
 Please plan to send all boxes to arrive no earlier than Wednesday, July 5 and no later than Friday July 7, 2023. Shipping information to come soon.  
 Casey Henderson c/o FedEx Office at Sheraton Boston Hotel  
  USENIX ATC '23/OSDI '23  
  [COMPANY NAME] Box __ of __   
 Clearly label all boxes per above, and email us  all shipping and tracking information by July 5 to ensure arrival and correct delivery. Please take note of the 4th of July holiday when planning shipping.   
 Ship Out  
