  Organisers 
  OzCHI 2023: Design from a distant world  
  2 nd  to 6 th  December 2023  
  Te Whanganui-a-Tara | Wellington,  
  Aotearoa | New Zealand  
 It’s been a long time but OzCHI is returning to Aotearoa - New Zealand! The theme for this year’s OzCHI is Design from a Distant World, recognising that Australia and New Zealand are physically distant from much of the world, but that we have unusual strengths in Design and Human Computer Interaction.  
 Registration is now open here.    
 Dr Eunice Sari   
  Co-Founder Customer Experience Insight,  Adjunct Associate Professor at UNSW, and CEO and Co-Founder of UX Indonesia  
 Sadly, due to unforseen circumstances Professor Alan Dix is unable to join us at OzCHI this year. We are, however, delighted to confirm that  
  Professor Bill Gaver  will give our third keynote.  
  Bill Gaver is Professor of design and co-leader of the Interaction Research Studio at the University of Northumbria   
 About OzCHI  
 OzCHI is the annual non-profit conference for the Computer-Human Interaction Special Interest Group (CHISIG) and Australia's leading forum for the latest in HCI research and practice. OzCHI attracts a broad international community of researchers, industry practitioners, academics and students. Participants come from a range of backgrounds and include interaction designers, user experience (UX) practitioners, information architects, software engineers, human factors experts, information systems analysts and social scientists.  
 We invite contributions on any topic related to how people or societies interact with novel technologies, including but not limited to:  
 Indigenous influences on technology 
  Technical human computer interaction 
  Contributions must be novel, not published or under review elsewhere. Authors may be students, academics, or industry practitioners–all are welcome!  
 To see important submission dates and how you can submit your work, check the submissions page.   
 There will be some opportunity for online participation in the short and long paper tracks, and workshop organisers may elect to hold workshops online. All participants should note, though, that the conference will run in New Zealand Daylight Time and consider their options accordingly.  
  Sponsors   
 Back to Top   
 © 2023 OzCHI and HFESA