 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Computational Methods in Systems  
 Author / Uploaded 
  Miguel Rocha 
  Florentino Fdez-Riverola 
  3.1 Auto-phylo Modules  
  3.2 Setting up an Auto-phylo Pipeline  
  3.3 Bacterial AOs May Have a Function Similar to Animal GULOs  
  3.4 Identification of Bacterial Species Groups that Have AOs Closely Related to Animal GULOs  
  4 Conclusion  
  7 Reflections  
  References  
  Author Index   
 Citation preview   
  Miguel Rocha Florentino Fdez-Riverola Mohd Saberi Mohamad Ana Belén Gil-González Editors  
  Practical Applications of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, 17th International Conference (PACBB 2023)  
  Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems  
  Miguel Rocha · Florentino Fdez-Riverola · Mohd Saberi Mohamad · Ana Belén Gil-González Editors  
  Practical Applications of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, 17th International Conference (PACBB 2023)  
  Editors Miguel Rocha Centro de Engenharia Biológica Universidade de Vigo Braga, Portugal Mohd Saberi Mohamad Department of Genetics and Genomics, College of Medicine and Health Sciences United Arab Emirates University Al Ain, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates  
  Abstract. Schizophrenia is a complex disease with severely disabling symptoms. A consistent leading causal gene for the disease onset has not been found. There is also a lack of consensus on the disease etiology and diagnosis. Sweden poses a paradigmatic case, where relatively high misdiagnosis rates (19%) have been reported. A large-scale case-control dataset based on the Swedish population was reduced to its most representative variants and the distinction between cases and controls was further scrutinized through geneannotation based Machine Learning (ML) models. The intra-group diﬀerences on cases and controls were accentuated by training the model on the entire dataset. The cases and controls with a higher likelihood to be misclassiﬁed, and hence more likely to be misdiagnosed were excluded from subsequent analysis. The model was then conventionally trained on the reduced dataset and the performances were compared. The results indicate that the reported prevalence and misdiagnosis rates for Schizophrenia may be transposed to case-control cohorts, hence, reducing the performance of eventual association studies based on such datasets. After the sample ﬁltering procedure, a simple Machine Learning model reached a performance more concurrent with the Schizophrenia heritability estimates on the literature. Sample selection on large-scale datasets sequenced for Association Studies may enable the adaptation of ML approaches and strategies to complex studies research.  
  Keywords: Schizophrenia Prioritization  
  D. Martins et al.  
  As for future endeavours, such models shall always be tested and validated on additional data. Most importantly, the training sets must be constantly reevaluated and updated, as the presented intermediary step poses a risk of specializing the model for predicting the eﬀect of a determined set of genetic variants and genes. It is possible and even likely that the presented approach excludes genetic factors that could, but did not present, a considerable inﬂuence on the classiﬁcation due to lack of representation on this dataset. The availability of new data from other samples may provide a weight gain for currently non-signiﬁcant gene-disease associations. Hence, it would be necessary to repeat the process and update the training set and consequently the classiﬁer. This would conform to the ﬂuidity and progressive evolution of the debates on mental health disorders diagnosis and etiology. But instead of adding to the discordance and controversy, iterative approaches may help to understand how diﬀerent deﬁnitions and diagnosis guidelines for SCZ and other mental health disorders could inﬂuence its predictability through genomics.  
  5  
  H. López-Fenández et al.  
  module/s to be used, as well as the input and output directories for each module. While researchers with an informatics background may easily combine different informatic tools, life science researchers without an informatics background do not have such knowledge, but can easily use auto-phylo. At present, auto-phylo includes modules for (i) tblastx, ii) parsing of CDS FASTA files downloaded from the NCBI Assembly database, (iii) checking of unwanted genomes, (iv) sequence disambiguation, (v) header prefixing, (vi) adding taxonomy information to sequence headers, (vii) removal of stop codons, (viii) merging FASTA files, (ix) two alignment methods (Clustal Omega [9] and T-Coffee [10]; in the case of CDS data, the alignment is made at the amino acid level, and the corresponding nucleotide alignment is then obtained), (x) seven phylogenetic inference methods (FastTree [11], MrBayes [12], Maximum Likelihood, Neighbor-Joining, Minimum Evolution, Maximum Parsimony, and UPGMA as implemented in MEGA-CC [13]) with the possibility of rooting the trees using RootDigger [14], (xi) JModel testing (to check the appropriateness of the models implemented in FastTree and MrBayes; [15]), and (xii) Phylogenetic Tree Collapser (that allows the automated collapsing of taxonomically related groups of sequences; available at the pegi3s Bioinformatics Docker Images Project).  
  29  
  3.2 Setting up an Auto-phylo Pipeline In order to set up a pipeline, using the available auto-phylo modules, the user only needs to edit two text files, named pipeline and config that must be present in the working directory. In the pipeline file, the user declares the order by which the operations should be invoked and the name of the respective input and output directories, one instruction per line. Examples of pipeline and config files are given in Figs. 1 and 2. The output directory of the previous operation is usually the input directory of the next one, but it is also possible to declare branched pipelines, such as the one in Fig. 1. Intermediate files that are produced during the processing of the data may contain information that is potentially relevant, and thus, a prefix made of a block identifier, command identifier, and step is added to a general name describing the operation, so that the user can easily determine the order of the operations. A block is defined as a set of consecutive commands where the output directory of the previous command is the input directory of the next one. When this condition no longer holds, the next set of instructions is defined as a new block and the block identifier increases by one unit. A file named blocks_and_commands indicating where the intermediary files have been saved is also produced. It should be noted that, although intended to be used as a pipeline maker, auto-phylo can also be used to execute a single command at a time. For instance, when processing thousands of files, the operations that are dependent on an internet connection may sometimes fail due to a broken connection, meaning that the user must repeat the operation for the files for which the operation failed. For convenience, such files are identified and saved on a separate folder, in the same place where the corresponding intermediate files are located.  
  Fig. 2. The six (A-F) auto-phylo pipeline files and two config files (G–H) used. The config file shown in G) was used with the pipeline files shown in A)–E), while the config file shown in H) was used with the pipeline file shown in F).  
  K. Sieradzka and J. Pola´nska  
  [5]. These coefficients determine how the independent variables affect the dependent variable. Such a large variety of classifier construction methods is associated with the rapid development of high-dimensional data acquisition methods and mainly with the data variety in the context of research problems. A crucial aspect is the results’ explainability. The need to interpret the results in a specific way often imposes the choice of the methodology used. Detailed consideration of the pros and cons of each approach is then necessary. 1.2 Feature Selection Methods Feature selection is a fundamental problem in building an efficient and accurate classifier. It significantly reduces the dimensionality of the analyzed data while preserving the most important relationships between observations in high-dimensional datasets. The phenomenon of feature selection has been thoroughly described in the manuscript entitled Feature selection methods for classification purposes [6]. The feature selection carried out in a supervised manner is divided into wrapper, filter, and hybrid methods [7]. Filters are not time-consuming because they do not use complex machine-learning algorithms [7]. Moreover, these methods are not difficult to use or implement because they are based mainly on statistics, where feature ranks are created [8]. Features are dropped because of their correlation to the output. An essential element of these methods is determining the appropriate threshold for the number of significant features, i.e., which features to keep and which can be considered irrelevant to the research problem. Due to the general approach, filters are particularly recommended for high-dimensional data [9]. They have one primary and significant drawback - they look at each feature separately, which makes them prone to reject features that are poor predictors of the target but add a high value in correlation with other features [8]. The second method mentioned is a wrapper. It is computationally complex because it uses a machine-learning algorithm and is therefore not fully recommended for highdimensional data [10]. The wrapper algorithm splits the input data into subsets and trains a model, which is utilized to score different subsets of features to select the best one. Wrappers, compared to filters, maintain the correlations between features in the data set, making them an attractive method in terms of results interpretability. The hybrid method combines filters and wrappers into one common approach, giving the most significant scope for manipulation and selection regarding the intended goals. Choosing the order of both feature selection methods in a combined approach, their disadvantages should be remembered first. Applying filters first will make it possible to speed up the computation time and reduce computational resources while depriving the ability to maintain feature correlations. Utilizing wrappers in the first line, full dependencies between the data are retained, but calculation time and computational resources are not reduced significantly. Therefore, the choice is not easy and depends primarily on the intended purpose and the importance of each of the advantages and disadvantages describing the individual methods.  
  Feature Selection Methods Comparison: Logistic Regression-Based  
  Gene Inactivity Moderated by Metabolism and Expression  
  The Gene Inactivity Moderated by Metabolism and Expression (GIMME) [2] is a methodology that allows obtaining a reduced genome–scale model from a larger metabolic reconstruction by means of: – A dataset of gene expression values associated with each gene. – The required metabolic functionalities (RMFs) that the cell is assumed to achieve. – An overall gene expression threshold value. A ﬁrst reduced model is obtained by removing from the reconstruction the reactions whose expression value is below the threshold. These deletions may render the FBA problem unfeasible due to a lack of cell viability resulting from deleting essential growth-related reactions or from the model inability to produce speciﬁc primary or secondary metabolites. To address possible model inconsistencies, Becker and Palsson [2] suggested the use of the so-called inconsistency score (IS), which classiﬁes the disagreement between the gene expression data and the assumed objective function and the normalised inconsistency score (NCS), which compares (in relative terms) the agreement between the gene expression data and a speciﬁc metabolic function. The ﬁnal reduced model will be the one that minimises inconsistency while reactivating the minimal amount of reactions. This is formulated as follows:  
  A New GIMME–Based Heuristic  
  (7)  
  a xi ci = , ∀i ∈ RMF’s (10) 0 otherwise where thresholdj corresponds to the threshold value selected for the jth compartment. The compartments or modules can be deﬁned as follows (see Fig. 1 for an illustrative representation): – Physically–inspired compartments: Compartmentalisation is based on existing organelles and other types of internal physical barriers. The user may be able to deﬁne the speciﬁc set of compartments and their associated gene expression thresholds. – Pathway–inspired modules: These are deﬁned using the metabolic pathways of the cell. The pathways can be selected using the references included in the model or the KEGG pathway database[7–9]. Selected pathways might be assigned diﬀerent thresholds. – User–given modules: These can be designed using reaction references and assigned speciﬁc gene expression threshold values. We have implemented this method in MEWpy [14]. MEWpy is a computational strain optimisation (CSO) tool that integrates diﬀerent types of constraint-based models and simulation approaches. MEWpy supports FBA and GIMME. To handle the corresponding optimisation problems, the tool oﬀers a  
  Fig. 1. Types of compartments/ modules: (a) physical–inspired; (b) pathway–inspired. Diﬀerent colours correspond to diﬀerent threshold values.  
  programmatic access to linear programming solvers, such as CPLEX [4] and Gurobi [6]. For the purpose of this work, we used CPLEX, the default and recommended option in MEWpy. To facilitate compartmentalisation using pathways, we implemented a request client to the KEGG Pathway Database [7–9]. A user may provide a reference to a speciﬁc pathway and the tool queries the database and automatically deﬁnes a set of diﬀerentiated compartments and corresponding threshold values. 2.4  
  The Model  
  Related Work  
  Doering et al. [4] presents an experiment that applies microbiome transplantation treatments on heat-susceptible recipients from heat-tolerant donors to investigate if this manipulation can create an increase in heat resistance. A problem that the paper states is that human assisted evolution for corals, i.e., microbiome manipulation, is still at its infancy stage and requires additional pioneering studies. The main method used is 16S rRNA gene sequencing for analyzing the shifts of bacteria within the two types of corals. As a result, the recipients of the heat-resistant microbiome transplantation showed reduced bleaching responses under short-term heat stress. Another observation was that coral-speciﬁc bacterial symbiont taxa were transmitted which may have further facilitated the reduction of stress responses. We applied our pipeline on datasets collected by Haydon et al [5]. Over a 9-month period, specimens of the coral Pocillopora actua were transplanted between mangrove and reef sites in order to better understand coral-microbe relationships. As corals in mangrove sites are more resistant to extreme settings compared to ones in reef sites, this study examined if a transplant experiment would change the bacterial communities on reef sites to resemble that of mangrove sites. They utilized 16S rRNA datasets to characterize the bacteria composition associated with the coral species. As a result of the changes in environmental conditions, scientists observed signiﬁcant shifts in P. acuta associated bacterial communities and that the microbiomes of transplanted corals were site speciﬁc, meaning that they resulted in resembling the microbiomes of native corals. The results of this study are useful in ﬁnding microbiome biomarkers that contribute in determining whether or not a coral is thermally sensitive or resistant. Other studies analyze the microbiome composition of thermally-sensitive corals and thermally resistant corals through 16s rRNA gene-based metagenomic analysis [6]. While coral microbes have been reported since decades, the analysis of coral associated microbes are only recognized in recent years as key indicators of deciding the corals’ health. Through species annotation and taxonomic analysis by generating OTU sequences through QIIME (version 1.8.0), this study ﬁnds that all coral samples were found to be dominant with the Proteobacteria phylum and the Gammaproteobacteria class. Among the heat sensitive corals, a dominance of the Vibrionaceae family and the Rhodobacteraceae family was shown, while in the heat resistant corals, there was an abundance of the Enterobacteriaceae and Lactobacillaceae family. The abundancy of Vibrionaceae was found during thermal stress conditions, which indicates that they are signiﬁcant factors in determining the stress tolerance of the coral. Another study that examines the eﬀect of increased temperature on the microbiome composition of corals used full-length 16s rRNA sequences in determining the taxonomic indicators of bacteria for thermally stressed corals [7]. While the increase in the abundance of Vibrio-realted sequences are often detected in parallel with the increase of Rhodobacteraceae during thermal bleaching, the majority of the indicator species of this study were members  
  Identifying Heat-Resilient Corals Using Machine Learning and Microbiome  
  Conclusion  
  In this paper, we propose a ML approach for eﬃcient microbiome classiﬁcation between heat-resistant corals and heat-susceptible corals to improve microbiome transplantation techniques for human assisted evolution in corals. We do so by introducing a pipeline that can identify the biomarker bacterial composition of those corals by using publicly available 16S rRNA sequences. This model was constructed through steps of feature extraction, feature selection/engineering, and ML model training. Our experimental results show that training on informative set of features results in improving the predictive model performance when it comes to diﬀerentiating between heat-tolerant coral and heat-susceptible ones, especially through using Random Forest algorithm. In addition to identifying an optimal pipeline for microbiome analysis through ML, the resulting biomarkers from feature selection and HFE shed the light on the potential of microbes as indicators for environmental changes and thermal stress. Acknowledgment. This research was carried out on the High Performance Computing resources at New York University Abu Dhabi.  
  New York University Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi, UAE {pedro.velasquez,mai.oudah}@nyu.edu  
  Abstract. As the connection between the gut and brain is further researched, more data has become available, allowing for the utilization of machine learning (ML) in such analysis. In this paper, we explore the relationship between Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and the gut microbiome and how it can be utilized for AD screening. Our main goal is to produce a reliable, noninvasive screening tool for AD. Several ML algorithms are examined separately with and without feature selection/engineering. According to the experimental results, the Naive Bayes (NB) model performs best when trained on a feature set selected by the correlation-based feature selection method, which signiﬁcantly outperforms the baseline model trained on the original full feature space. Keywords: Alzheimer’s disease · Machine Learning · Gut Microbiome · Feature Engineering · Feature Selection  
  1  
  to sequence the bacteria present in humans, more ﬁndings on the relationship between AD and the gut microbiome are being shared to the research community. Relying solely on patient stool samples, a tool for AD screening could be of great potential. Machine learning (ML) exploitation raises issues that may impact the development and performance of prediction models, including the huge feature space [3,6]. Most publicly available datasets are limited in size, i.e., the number of samples or data points, while each individual sample may have tens of thousands of bacterial species, leading to model overﬁtting and making datahungry neural networks less reliable [3,6]. Little attention has been devoted to feature selection and engineering in previous work when it comes to AD detection. In this work, we aim to explore diﬀerent feature selection methods as part of our system pipeline in an attempt to address the “curse of dimensionality” and identify informative biomarkers from the microbiome. The rest of the paper is structured as follows. We ﬁrst present related work on the relationship between AD and the gut microbial community. Then, in Sect. 3, we discuss the proposed system pipeline. We apply our proposed methodology to the publicly available dataset of [4] and [17]. The Experimental Analysis section demonstrates the experimental settings and discusses the results. Finally, we discuss our conclusions and future work.  
  2  
  Methodology  
  In this section, we introduce a pipeline through which to process microbiome data for classiﬁer development, from data preprocessing to model training and validation, as shown in Fig. 1. Feature Extraction. This phase consists of the following steps: 1. Extracting 16S rRNA sequences from the original metagenomic samples. 2. Trimming the extracted reads/sequences based on quality with a threshold of 30. 3. Generating an operational taxonomic unit (OTU) table that indicates the microbial composition in terms of bacterial species and their abundance per sample. We utilize closed-reference OTU picking for that. 4. Normalizing the abundances via the sample size in terms of the number of reads to produce relative abundances. Feature Selection. Feature selection/engineering methods are mainly used for dimensionality reduction. Due to the large feature spaces of microbiome data, often thousands of bacterial species per samples, the small number of samples  
  Machine Learning Screening for Alzheimer’s via Gut Microbiome  
  Experimental Results  
  Table 1 shows the resulting number of features after running each algorithm on the baseline space: reductions to 0.7% to 1.1% of the original features. Constructing trees of the top 10 OTUs selected by CFS shows promising results. Figure 2 shows the trees constructed from the top features of the Istanbul [4] and Shanghai [17] datasets respectively. For the Istanbul dataset, multiple bacteria identiﬁed in the literature [4] are the same as those by CFS. In the top 10, there is Lachnospiraceae, Ruminococcaceae, both already found to correlate with AD [4]. For the Shanghai dataset, Fig. 2b shows Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes were identiﬁed by CFS to be the relevant phyla. This is in agreement with two of the three identiﬁed phyla for this dataset [17] by the literature [9]. However, their paper had combined this dataset with others to increase the number of samples [9]. Therefore, we have no direct comparison to the results. We cannot claim anything about the absence of the Proteobacteria in Fig. 2b.  
  Machine Learning Screening for Alzheimer’s via Gut Microbiome  
  -  
  Feb 2022 region USA  
  -  
  Beta  
  Feb 2022  
  Delta  
  Feb 2022  
  Gamma  
  Gamma  
  Feb 2022  
  -  
  Author Index  
  A Arceda, Vicente Enrique Machaca Arrais, Joel P. 3  
