PADL 2024   Dates to be announced London, United Kingdom    
 co-located with POPL 2024    
 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  PADL 2024 
  PADL 2024 
  PADL 2023 
  PADL 2022 
  PADL 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
 Declarative languages comprise several well-established classes of formalisms, namely, functional, logic, and constraint programming. Such formalisms enjoy both sound theoretical bases and the availability of attractive frameworks for application development. Indeed, they have been already successfully applied to many different real-world situations, ranging from database management to active networks to software ... 
 Dates to be announced London, United Kingdom  PADL 2024  with POPL 2024    
 PADL is a well-established forum for researchers and practitioners to present original work emphasizing novel applications and implementation techniques for all forms of declarative programming, including functional and logic programming, databases and constraint programming, and theorem proving. PADL’24 will take place during 15-16 January 2024 as a physical (in-person) event. For each accepted paper at least o ... 
 Dates to be announced Boston, Massachusetts, United States  PADL 2023  with POPL 2023    
 Declarative languages comprise several well-established classes of formalisms, namely, functional, logic, and constraint programming. Such formalisms enjoy both sound theoretical bases and the availability of attractive frameworks for application development. Indeed, they have been already successfully applied to many different real-world situations, ranging from database management to active networks to software ... 
 Mon 17 - Tue 18 January 2022 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States  PADL 2022  with POPL 2022    
 Declarative languages comprise several well-established classes of formalisms, namely, functional, logic, and constraint programming. Such formalisms enjoy both sound theoretical bases and the availability of attractive frameworks for application development. Indeed, they have been already successfully applied to many different real-world situations, ranging from data base management to active networks to softwar ... 
 PADL is a well-established forum for researchers and practitioners to present original work emphasizing novel applications and implementation techniques for all forms of declarative concepts, including, functional, logic, constraints, etc. Declarative languages build on sound theoretical bases to provide attractive frameworks for application development. These languages have been successfully applied to many dif ... 
 Nineteenth International Symposium on Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages Declarative languages build on sound theoretical bases to provide attractive frameworks for application development. These languages have been successfully applied to many different real-world situations, ranging from data base management to active networks to software engineering to decision support systems. New developments in th ... 
