  For referees 
  ICLP 
  TPLP | Scope and submission 
  Content 
  Accepted papers 
 Asyncronous News  , Call for papers    
 CFP: 26th International Symposium on Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages (PADL)  
 by Editors    • September 19, 2023  • Comments Off on CFP: 26th International Symposium on Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages (PADL)     
 Call for Papers   
 26th International Symposium on Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages   
  (PADL 2024)   
 London, United Kingdom, January 15-16, 2024   
 Co-located with ACM POPL 2024   
 Declarative languages comprise several well-established classes of formalisms, namely, functional, logic, and constraint programming. Such formalisms enjoy both sound theoretical bases and the availability of attractive frameworks for application development. Indeed, they have been already successfully applied to many different real-world situations, ranging from database management to active networks to software engineering to decision support systems.  
 New developments in theory and implementation fostered applications in new areas. At the same time, applications of declarative languages to novel and challenging problems raise many interesting research issues, including designing for scalability, language extensions for application deployment, and programming environments. Thus, applications drive the progress in the theory and implementation of declarative systems, and benefit from this progress as well.  
 PADL is a well-established forum for researchers and practitioners to present original work emphasizing novel applications and implementation techniques for all forms of declarative programming, including functional and logic programming, database and constraint programming, and theorem proving.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Innovative applications of declarative languages 
  Novel uses of declarative languages in the classroom 
  Practical extensions such as constraint-based, probabilistic, and reactive languages 
  PADL 2024 especially welcomes new ideas and approaches related to applications, design and implementation of declarative languages going beyond the scope of the past PADL symposia, for example, advanced database languages and contract languages, as well as verification and theorem proving methods that rely on declarative languages.  
 Submissions  
 PADL 2024 welcomes three kinds of submission:  
 Technical papers (max. 15 pages): Technical papers must describe original, previously unpublished research results. 
  Application papers (max. 8 pages): | Application papers are a mechanism to present important practical | applications of declarative languages that occur in industry or in | areas of research other than Computer Science. Application papers | are expected to describe complex and/or real-world applications that | rely on an innovative use of declarative languages. Application | descriptions, engineering solutions and real-world experiences (both | positive and negative) are solicited. 
  Extended abstracts (max. 3 pages): | Describing new ideas, a new perspective on already published work, | or work-in-progress that is not yet ready for a full | publication. Extended abstracts will be posted on the symposium | website but will not be published in the formal proceedings. 
  All page limits exclude references. Submissions must be written in English and formatted according to the standard Springer LNCS style, see  
  \usepackage{lineno}  
  \linenumbers  
 The conference proceedings of PADL 2024 will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Work that already appeared in unpublished or informally published workshops proceedings may be submitted but the authors should notify the program chairs where it has previously appeared. Papers should be submitted electronically at  
 Important Dates  
 Paper submission: October 5, 2023 (AoE)  
  Notification: November 9, 2023  
  Symposium: January 15-16, 2024  
 Distinguished Papers  
 The authors of a small number of distinguished papers will be invited to submit a longer version for journal publication after the symposium. For papers related to logic programming, that will be in  
  and for papers related to functional programming, in Journal of Functional Programming (JFP)  
  The extended journal submissions should be substantially (roughly 30%) extended: explanations for which there was no space, illuminating examples and proofs, additional definitions and theorems, further experimental results, implementational details and feedback from practical/engineering use, extended discussion of related work, and so on. These submissions will then be subject to the usual peer review process by the journal, although with the aim of a swifter review process by reusing original reviews from PADL.  
 PADL 2024 PC Co-Chairs  
 Martin Gebser, University of Klagenfurt, Austria 
  Ilya Sergey, National University of Singapore, Singapore 
 Post navigation  
 ← PPDP/LOPSTR 2023 invited speakers    
 Research Position on Neuro-Symbolic Systems, Monash University →    
  Theory and Practice of Logic Programming | Scope and submission 
 Post History  
 Click to unfold. Archives by Month  
 September 2024 | (1) 
  August 2024 | (1) 
  March 2024 | (1) 
  January 2024 | (2) 
  October 2023 | (1) 
  September 2023 | (3) 
  June 2023 | (3) 
  May 2023 | (1) 
  April 2023 | (1) 
  February 2023 | (2) 
  January 2023 | (2) 
  November 2022 | (1) 
  August 2022 | (5) 
  May 2022 | (1) 
  March 2022 | (2) 
  February 2022 | (1) 
  January 2022 | (1) 
