 Call For Posters   
 Poster submission  
 AfricaCrypt is an annual international conference on cryptology. AfricaCrypt 2023 is co-organized by The university of Monastir and the Tunisian Mathematical Society in cooperation with the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR). The aim of AfricaCrypt 2023 is to provide a forum for practitioners and researchers from industry, academia and government from all over the world for open discussion on all aspects of cryptography and its applications.  
 We are organizing a poster session co-chaired by Abderrahmane Nitaj (abderrahmane.nitaj(at)unicaen.fr) and Hoda Alkhzaimi for showcasing research results including work in progress. The authors will get a 7-minute time slot to present their work in a poster session and posters will be on display in the coffee break room for the duration of the conference. We invite all researchers to submit their ongoing projects, challenges dealt with in their research domain and prospective new research directions that are in line with the theme of the conference.  
 The submissions will go through a light review process co-chaired by Abderrahmane Nitaj and Hoda Alkhzaimi. It is not a requirement that submissions need to be previously unpublished. There are no proceedings for posters, so the poster will not count as a publication. For a poster to be presented and displayed, at least one of its authors must attend the conference.  
 Submission instructions  
 When:   
 Poster submission deadline: June 20, 2023   
  Poster acceptance notification: June 25, 2023   
  Registration for accepted posters deadline: July 5, 2023 
  We will contact accepted poster submissions with presentation instruction.  
 How:   
 EasyChair Poster Submission Link    
 Topics  :  
  multi-party computation 
  attribute-based encryption and authentication 
  pairing-based crypto 
  Applications of cryptography | electronic voting 
  privacy and anonymity 
 © AfricaCrypt 2023 – All Rights Reserved  
 Digitalagentur Forge12 Interactive GmbH