Toggle navigation      PAM 2023    
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Instructions for Recording your Presentation 
  Camera ready instructions 
  Program 
  Registration 
 JavaScript disabled!  This page requires JavaScript, you might not be able to access all content with JavaScript disabled.   
  This is the virtual conference schedule for PAM 2023. All times are in Central European Time (CET).   
  The conference proceedings are available on Springer   and open access  will be available from 14th March 2023 until 14th April 2023 for all papers.  
  Recordings of the talks will be available on the PAM YouTube channel after the conference.  
 Program at a glance  
 Time | Tuesday, 21 March 2023 | Wednesday, 22 March 2023 | Thursday, 23 March 2023 
 Hide all    
 Tuesday, 21 March 2023  
  Stranger VPNs: Investigating the Geo-Unblocking Capabilities of Commercial VPN Providers    Etienne Khan (University of Twente)  , Anna Sperotto (University of Twente)  , Jeroen van der Ham (University of Twente & NCSC-NL)  , Roland van Rijswijk-Deij (University of Twente)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  Commercial Virtual Private Network (VPN) providers have steadily increased their presence in Internet culture. Their most advertised use cases are preserving the user's privacy, or circumventing censorship. However, a number of VPN providers nowadays have added what they call a streaming unblocking service. In practice, such VPN providers allow their users to access streaming content that Video-on-Demand (VOD) providers do not provide in a specific geographical region. In this work, we investigate the mechanisms by which commercial VPN providers facilitate access to geo-restricted content, de-facto bypassing VPN-detection countermeasures by VOD providers (blocklists). We actively measure the geo-unblocking capabilities of 6 commercial VPN providers in 4 different geographical regions during two measurements periods of 7 and 4 months respectively. Our results identify two methods to circumvent the geo-restriction mechanisms. These methods consist of: (1) specialized ISPs/hosting providers which do not appear on the blocklists used by content providers to geo-restrict content and (2) the use of residential proxies, which due to their nature also do not appear in those blocklists. Our analysis shows that the ecosystem of the geo-unblocking VPN providers is highly dynamic, adapting their chosen geo-unblocking mechanisms not only over time, but also according to different geographical regions. 
  Exploring the evolution of the TLS certificate ecosystem    Syed Muhammad Farhan (Virginia Tech)  , Taejoong Chung (Virginia Tech)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  A vast majority of popular communication protocols for the internet employ the use of TLS (Transport Layer Security) to secure communication. As a result, there have been numerous efforts including the introduction of Certificate Transparency logs and Free Automated CAs to improve the TLS certificate ecosystem. Our work highlights the effectiveness of these efforts using the Certificate Transparency dataset as well as certificates collected via full IPv4 scans. We show that a large proportion of invalid certificates still exists and outline the reasons why these certificates are invalid and where they are hosted. Additionally, an increasing proportion of certificates are issued by a handful of CAs using a handful of keys. Moreover, we show that the incorrect use of template certificates has led to incorrect SCTs being embedded in the certificates. Taken together, our results emphasize the continued involvement of the research community to improve the web’s PKI ecosystem. 
  Analysis of TLS Prefiltering for IDS Acceleration    Lukas Sismis (CESNET)  , Jan Korenek (Faculty of Information Technology Brno University of Technology)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  Network intrusion detection systems (IDS) and intrusion prevention systems (IPS) have proven to play a key role in securing networks. However, due to their computational complexity, the deployment is difficult and expensive. Therefore, many times the IDS is not powerful enough to handle all network traffic on high-speed network links without uncontrolled packet drop. High-speed packet processing can be achieved using many CPU cores or an appropriate acceleration. But the acceleration has to preserve the detection quality and has to be flexible to handle ever-emerging security threats. One of the common acceleration methods among intrusion detection/prevention systems is the bypass of encrypted packets of the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol. This is based on the fact that IDS/IPS cannot match signatures in the packet encrypted payload. The paper provides an analysis and comparison of available TLS bypass solutions and proposes a high-speed encrypted TLS Prefilter for further acceleration. We are able to demonstrate that using our technique, the IDS performance has tripled and at the same time detection results have resulted in a lower rate of false positives. It is designed as a software-only architecture with support for commodity cards. However, the architecture allows smooth transfer of the proposed method to the HW-based solution in Field-programmable gate array (FPGA) network interface cards (NICs). 
  A Measurement-Derived Functional Model for the Interaction between Congestion Control and QoE in Video Conferencing    Jia He (Georgia Institute of Technology)  , Mostafa Ammar (Georgia Institute of Technology)  , Ellen Zegura (Georgia Institute of Technology)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  Video Conferencing Applications (VCAs) that support remote work and education have increased in use over the last two years, contributing to Internet bandwidth usage. VCA clients transmit video and audio to each other in peer-to-peer mode or through a bridge known as a Selective Forwarding Unit (SFU). Popular VCAs implement congestion control in the application layer over UDP and accomplish rate adjustment through video rate control, ultimately affecting end user Quality of Experience (QoE). Researchers have reported on the throughput and video metric performance of specific VCAs using structured experiments. Yet prior work rarely examines the interaction between congestion control mechanisms and rate adjustment techniques that produces the observed throughput and QoE metrics. Understanding this interaction at a functional level paves the way to explain observed performance, to pinpoint commonalities and key functional differences across VCAs, and to contemplate opportunities for innovation. To that end, we first design and conduct detailed measurements of three VCAs (WebRTC/Jitsi, Zoom, BlueJeans) to develop understanding of their congestion and video rate control mechanisms. We then use the measurement results to derive our functional models for the VCA client and SFU. Our models reveal the complexity of these systems and demonstrate how, despite some uniformity in function deployment, there is significant variability among the VCAs in the implementation of these functions. 
 Wednesday, 22 March 2023  
  Efficient continuous latency monitoring with eBPF    Simon Sundberg (Karlstad University)  , Anna Brunstrom (Karlstad University)  , Simone Ferlin-Reiter (Red Hat)  , Toke Høiland-Jørgensen (Red Hat)  , Jesper Dangaard Brouer (Red Hat)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  Network latency is a critical factor for the perceived quality of experience for many applications. With an increasing focus on interactive and real-time applications, which require reliable and low latency, the ability to continuously and efficiently monitor latency is becoming more important than ever. Always-on passive monitoring of latency can provide continuous latency metrics without injecting any traffic into the network. However, software-based monitoring tools often struggle to keep up with traffic as packet rates increase, especially on contemporary multi-Gbps interfaces. We investigate the feasibility of using eBPF to enable efficient passive network latency monitoring by implementing an evolved Passive Ping (ePPing). Our evaluation shows that ePPing delivers accurate RTT measurements and can handle over 1 Mpps, or correspondingly over 10 Gbps, on a single core, greatly improving on state-of-the-art software based solutions, such as PPing. 
  Back-to-the-Future Whois: An IP Address Attribution Service for Working with Historic Datasets    Florian Streibelt (Max Planck Institute for Informatics)  , Martina Lindorfer (TU Wien)  , Seda Gürses (TU Delft)  , Carlos H. Gañán (TU Delft)  , Tobias Fiebig (Max Planck Institute for Informatics)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  Researchers and practitioners often face the issue of having to attribute an IP address to an organization. For current data this is comparably easy, using services like whois or other databases. Similarly, for historic data, several entities like the RIPE NCC provide websites that provide access to historic records. For large-scale network measurement work, though, researchers often have to attribute millions of addresses. For current data, Team Cymru provides a bulk whois service which allows bulk address attribution. However, at the time of writing, there is no service available that allows historic bulk attribution of IP addresses. Hence, in this paper, we introduce and evaluate our ‘Back-to-the-Future whois’ service, allowing historic bulk attribution of IP addresses on a daily granularity based on CAIDA Routeviews aggregates. We provide this service to the community for free, and also share our implementation so researchers can run instances themselves. 
  Evaluation of the ProgHW/SW Architectural Design Space of Bandwidth Estimation    Tianqi Fang (University of Nebraska-Lincoln)  , Lisong Xu (University of Nebraska-Lincoln)  , Witawas Srisa-an (University of Nebraska-Lincoln)  , Jay Patel (University of Nebraska-Lincoln)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  Bandwidth estimation (BWE) is a fundamental functionality in congestion control, load balancing, and many network applications. Therefore, researchers have conducted numerous BWE evaluations to improve its estimation accuracy. Most current evaluations focus on the algorithmic aspects or network conditions of BWE. However, as the architectural aspects of BWE gradually become the bottleneck in multi-gigabit networks, many solutions derived from current works fail to provide satisfactory performance. In contrast, this paper focuses on the architectural aspects of BWE in the current trend of programmable hardware (ProgHW) and software (SW) co-designs. Our work makes several new findings to improve BWE accuracy from the architectural perspective. For instance, we show that offloading components that can directly affect inter-packet delay (IPD) is an effective way to improve BWE accuracy. In addition, to handle the architectural deployment difficulty not appeared in past studies, we propose a modularization method to increase evaluation efficiency. 
  A Characterization of Route Variability in LEO Satellite Networks    Vaibhav Bhosale (Georgia Institute of Technology)  , Ahmed Saeed (Georgia Institute of Technology)  , Ketan Bhardwaj (Georgia Institute of Technology)  , Ada Gavrilovska (Georgia Institute of Technology)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  LEO satellite networks possess highly dynamic topologies, with satellites moving at 27,000 km/hour to maintain their orbit. As satellites move, the characteristics of the satellite network routes change, triggering rerouting events. Frequent rerouting can cause poor performance for path-adaptive algorithms (e.g., congestion control). In this paper, we provide a thorough characterization of route variability in LEO satellite networks, focusing on route churn and RTT variability. We show that high route churn is common, with most paths used for less than half of their lifetime. With some paths used for just a few seconds. This churn is also unnecessary with rerouting leading to marginal gains in most cases (e.g., less than a 15% reduction in RTT). Moreover, we show that the high route churn is harmful to network utilization and congestion control performance. By examining RTT variability, we find that the smallest achievable RTT between two ground stations can increase by 2.5× as satellites move in their orbits. We show that the magnitude of RTT variability depends on the location of the communicating ground stations, exhibiting a spatial structure. Finally, we show that adding more satellites, and providing more routes between stations, does not necessarily reduce route variability. Rather, constellation configuration (i.e., the number of orbits and their inclination) plays a more significant role. We hope that the findings of this study will help with designing more robust routing algorithms for LEO satellite networks. 
 Thursday, 23 March 2023  
  as2org+ : Enriching AS-to-Organization Mappings with PeeringDB    Augusto Arturi (Universidad de Buenos Aires)  , Esteban Carisimo (Northwestern University)  , Fabian Bustamante (Northwestern University)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  An organization-level topology of the Internet is a valuable resource with uses that range from the study of organizations' footprints and Internet centralization trends, to analysis of the dynamics of the Internet's corporate structures as result of (de)mergers and acquisitions. Current approaches to infer this topology rely exclusively on WHOIS databases and are thus impacted by its limitations, including errors and outdated data. We argue that a collaborative, operator-oriented database such as PeeringDB can bring a complementary perspective from the legally-bounded information available in WHOIS records. We present as2org+, a new framework that leverages self-reported information available on PeeringDB to boost the state-of-the-art WHOIS-based methodologies. We discuss the challenges and opportunities with using PeeringDB records for AS-to-organization mappings, present the design of as2org+ and demonstrate its value identifying companies operating in multiple continents and mergers and acquisitions over a five-year period. 
  RPKI Time-of-Flight: Tracking Delays in the Management, Control, and Data Planes    Romain Fontugne (IIJ Research Lab)  , Amreesh Phokeer (Internet Society)  , Cristel Pelsser (UCLouvain)  , Kevin Vermeulen (LAAS-CNRS)  , Randy Bush (Internet Initiative Japan & Arrcus Inc)    Abstract  Paper  Video | Abstract:  As RPKI is becoming part of ISPs’ daily operations and Route Origin Validation is getting widely deployed, one wonders how long it takes for the effect of RPKI changes to appear in the data plane. Does an operator that adds, fixes, or removes a Route Origin Autho- rization (ROA) have time to brew coffee or rather enjoy a long meal before the Internet routing infrastructure integrates the new information and the operator can assess the changes and resume work? The chain of ROA publication, from creation at Certification Authorities all the way to the routers and the effect on the data plane, involves a large number of players and is not instantaneous and is often dominated by ad hoc administrative decisions. This is the first comprehensive study to measure the entire ecosystem of ROA manipulation by all five Regional Internet Registries (RIRs), propagation on the management plane to Relying Parties (RPs) and to routers; measure the effect on BGP as seen by global control plane monitors; and finally measure the effects on data plane latency and reachability. We found that RIRs usually publish new RPKI information within five minutes, except APNIC which averages ten minutes slower. We observe significant disparities in ISPs reaction time to new RPKI information, ranging from a few minutes to one hour. The delay for ROA deletion is significantly longer than for ROA creation as RPs and BGP strive to maintain reachability. Incidentally we found and reported significant issues in the management plane of two RIRs and a Tier1 network. 
 Last modified: Mar 13 2023 | privacy policy