PDCAT’22  Toggle navigation    Keynotes 
  Program 
  Registration 
 The 23rd International Conference on Parallel and Distributed  
  Computing, Applications and Technologies (PDCAT’22)  
  December 7-9, 2022, Sendai, Japan (Hybrid Event)  
 PDCAT 2022 Proceedings has been published!  
 The PDCAT 2022 Proceedings has been published on Springer's website  . Free access is provided from April 12, 2023 until May 12, 2023.   
 PDCAT 2023 will be held in Jeju, Korea. The conference website is open  .   
 PDCAT 2022 ended in a grest success. Many thanks to those who attended!  
 Keynotes  
 Smart IoT Sensing for Ageing Well: Research Activities and Future Directions  
 Michael Sheng, Macquarie University  
 Worldwide, the population is aging due to increasing life expectancy and decreasing fertility. The significant growth in older population presents many challenges to health and aged care services. Over the past two decades, the Internet of Things (IoT) has gained significant momentum and is widely regarded as an important technology to change the world in the coming decade. Indeed, IoT will play a critical role to improve productivity, operational effectiveness, decision making, and to identify new business service models for social and economic opportunities. Indeed, with the development of low-cost, unobtrusive IoT sensors, along with data analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, there is now a significant opportunity to improve the wellbeing and quality of life particularly of our older population. In this presentation, we will overview some related research projects and also discuss several research directions.  
 Algorithms and Systems Enabling AI for Science  
  The official time zone for the conference is Japan Standard Time (GMT+9).  
 December 7, 2022  
 Start | End | Science Campus Hall (Hall A) | Aoba Memorial Hall (Hall B) 
 Yifan Jin, Mulya Agung, Keichi Takahashi, Yoichi Shimomura and Hiroyuki Takizawa | Towards Priority-Flexible Task Mapping for Heterogeneous Multi-Core NUMA systems | Zhiming Sun, Jingjing Yu and Xingchun Liu | Edge-Gateway Intrusion Detection for Smart Home 
 Kai Yang and Takayuki Aoki | Multi-GPU Scaling of a Conservative Weakly Compressible Solver for Large-scale Two-phase Flow Simulation | Liang Dai, Hangyu Tian, Dingxuan Ju and Hongke Xu | Energy-Delay Tradeoff in Parallel Task Allocation and Execution for Autonomous Platooning Applications ( short paper  ) 
 Qingyang Zhang, Lei Xu, Rongliang Chen, Lin Chen, Xinhai Chen, Qinglin Wang, Jie Liu and Bo Yang | Improving the Performance of Lattice Boltzmann Method with Pipelined Algorithm on A Heterogeneous Multi-zone Processor | Kai-Siang Wang and Jerry Chou | A Reservation-based List Scheduling for Embedded Systems with Memory Constraints ( short paper  ) 
 Zhiru Hou, Jiaqi Yin, Huibiao Zhu and Ningning Chen | Formalization and Verification of SIP Using CSP ( short paper  ) 
 Omkar Bhilare, Rahul Singh, Vedant Paranjape, Sravan Chittupalli, Shraddha Suratkar and Faruk Kazi | DEEPFAKE CLI: Accelerated Deepfake Detection using FPGAs | Somnath Mazumdar and Thomas Dreibholz | Towards a Blockchain and Fog-Based Proactive Data Distribution Framework for ICN 
 Honoka Tani and Akira Yamawaki | Memory access optimization for former process of pencil drawing style image conversion in High-level Synthesis ( short paper  ) | Jingya Xu, Lina Ge, Wei Zhou, Liang Yan and Zheng Hu | Research on user influence weighted scoring algorithm incorporating incentive mechanism ( short paper  ) 
 Hasitha Waidyasooriya, Shutaro Ishihara and Masanori Hariyama | Word2Vec FPGA Accelerator Based on Spatial and Temporal Parallelism ( short paper  ) | Trieu Le Hai, Phuc Nguyen Trong, Khanh Vo Hong, Huong Luong, Khiem Huynh Gia, Khoa Tran Dang, Hieu Le Van, Nghia Huynh Huu, Tran Nguyen Huyen, Kiet Le Tuan, Loc Van Cao Phu, Duy Nguyen Truong Quoc, Bang Le Khanh and Son Ha | BloodMan-Chain: A Management of Blood and Its Products Transportation based on Blockchain Approach ( short paper  ) 
 Takaaki Fukai, Kento Sato and Takahiro Hirofuchi | Analyzing I/O Performance of a Hierarchical HPC Storage System for Distributed Deep Learning | Jianxuan Liu, Haotian Xue, Junfeng Wang, Shuo Hong, Hao Fu and Omar Dib | A Systematic Comparison on Prevailing Intrusion Detection Models 
 Amit Mankodi, Amit Bhatt and Bhaskar Chaudhury | An AutoML Based Algorithm for Performance Prediction in HPC Systems ( short paper  ) | Fengjiao Zhao, Na Li and Cheng Zhong | Enhancing Resolution of Inferring Hi-C Data Integrating U-Net and ResNet Networks 
 Maslina Zolkepli and Fatin Neamah Ridha Al-Sarray | Detecting Network Intrusions with Resilient Approaches Based On Convolutional Neural Networks ( short paper  ) 
 December 8, 2022  
 Start | End | Science Campus Hall (Hall A) | Aoba Memorial Hall (Hall B) 
 Kaho Aoyama, Kazuhiko Komatsu, Masahito Kumagai and Hiroaki Kobayashi | Analysis of Precision Vectors for Ising-based Linear Regression | Shunpei Sugawara, Keichi Takahashi, Yoichi Shimomura, Ryusuke Egawa and Hiroyuki Takizawa | Equivalence Checking of Code Transformation by Numerical and Symbolic Approaches 
 Yusuke Shiki, Masahiro Yasugi and Tasuku Hiraishi | Evaluating and Analyzing Irregular Tree Search in the Tascell and HOPE Parallel Programming Languages ( short paper  ) | Junfu Luo, Jiaqi Yin and Huibiao Zhu | MEA: A Framework for Model Checking of Mutual Exclusion Algorithms Focusing on Atomicity ( short paper  ) 
 Kazuki Ide, Keichi Takahashi, Yoichi Shimomura and Hiroyuki Takizawa | A task-parallel runtime for heterogeneous multi-node vector systems | Ke Cui and Michihiro Koibuchi | A High-Radix Non-Random Shortcut Network Topology for Efficient Collective Communication 
 Ryohei Kobayashi, Norihisa Fujita, Yoshiki Yamaguchi, Taisuke Boku, Kohji Yoshikawa, Makito Abe and Masayuki Umemura | Accelerating Radiative Transfer Simulation on NVIDIA GPUs with OpenACC | Yamin Li and Wanming Chu | Fault Tolerance and Packet Latency of Peer Fat-Trees 
 Satoshi Ohshima, Akihiro Ida, Rio Yokota and Ichitaro Yamazaki | QR Factorization of Block Low-Rank Matrices on Multi-Instance GPU ( short paper  ) | Hirotoshi Yamada, Masao Okita and Fumihiko Ino | Accelerating Imbalanced Many-to-Many Communication with Systematic Delay Insertion 
 December 9, 2022  
 Start | End | Science Campus Hall (Hall A) | Aoba Memorial Hall (Hall B) 
 Ruochen Hao, Qinglin Wang, Shangfei Yin, Tianyang Zhou, Qingyang | Optimizing Depthwise Convolutions on ARMv8 Architecture | Xinru Deng, Yingpeng Sang and Zhaojue Li | Broad Learning Inference Based on Fully Homomorphic Encryption 
 Sergej Breiter, Minh Thanh Chung and Karl Fürlinger | A Profiling-based Approach to Cache Partitioning of Program Data ( short paper  ) | Hiroshi Someda, Shigeyuki Osada and Yuya Kajikawa | Application of probabilistic common set in the open world set for vertical federated learning ( short paper  ) 
 Siyi Hu, Makiko Ito, Takahide Yoshikawa, Yuan He and Masaaki Kondo | Memory Bandwidth Conservation for SpMV Kernels through Adaptive Lossy Data Compression | Wael Elwasif, Thomas Naughton and Matthew Baker | Towards a Standard Process Management Infrastructure for Workflows ( short paper  ) 
 Le Li and Kenjiro Taura | SimdFSM: An Adaptive Vectorization of Finite State Machines for Speculative Execution ( short paper  ) | Fitra Rahmani Khasyah, Kadek Gemilang Santiyuda, Gabriel Kaunang, Faizal Makhrus, Muhammad Alfian Amrizal and Hiroyuki Takizawa | An Advantage Actor-Critic Deep Reinforcement Learning Method for Power Management in HPC Systems 
 Call for Papers  
 Paper submission is closed.  
 Paper Submission Guideline  
 Papers reporting original and unpublished research results and experience are solicited. Papers will be selected based on their originality, timeliness, significance, relevance, and clarity of presentation. Accepted and presented papers will be published in the conference proceedings. Papers must be written in English and submitted electronically as a PDF/Word file on EasyChair  . Submissions should be made in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format  , and must not exceed 12 pages in length (a template for Overleaf users is available here  ). Conference proceedings will be published in LNCS by Springer (see here  for past editions) after the conference (post-proceedings).  
 Extended versions of selected papers are planned to be published in special issues of several SCI-indexed international journals including:  
 Computer and Electrical Engineering | (Elsevier) 
  Author notification: | October 16, 2022 
  Camera-ready due: | November 4, 2022 
 Call for Posters  
 Poster submission is closed.  
 Registration  
 The payment issue on EasyChair registration has now been resolved. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused. We are extending the author and early registration deadlines to November 25, 2022 (AoE)  .   
 For each paper, at least one of the (co-)authors must register as an author by November 25, 2022 (AoE)  for the paper to be included in the post-proceedings. Note that this includes papers authored by students. Poster authors are not required to register as authors, and may register as attendees or student attendees. Late registration fee applies on or after November 26, 2022 (AoE).  
 Please note that we can only accept Visa and Mastercard for payments. Payments with JCB will fail.  
 Go to the Registration System    
 Travel Information  
 COVID-19 Border Measures  
 The Japanese government has announced a new border control policy on September 26, 2022. Please refer to the official government website  for the latest information. The new policy summarized below is effective as of October 11, 2022:  
 On-arrival testing and quarantine are no longer required (except those who are showing COVID-19 symptoms). 
  All | travelers are required to submit a valid vaccination certificate or a COVID-19 negative test result certificate. 
  Use of | Fast Track | , which allows you to submit the required documents online, is recommended to speed up the inspection at the airport . 
  Visa  
 Visa-free entry to Japan has resumed as of October 11, 2022. Registration to the Entrants, Returnees Follow-up System (ERFS) will is longer be required. Please refer to the government website  for detailed visa requirements and paperworks. If you require an invitation letter, please contact the organizers at pdcat2022@hpc.is.tohoku.ac.jp  .  
 Venue  
 The conference will be held on the Aobayama campus of Tohoku University  located in Sendai, Japan. Sessions will be held in the Science Campus Hall  and Aoba Memorial Hall  (circled red in the map below). To get to the venue from Sendai station, take the subway Tozai line and get off at Aobayama station. The venue is a 10-minute walk from Aobayama station.  
 The conference will be held in a hybrid manner, and authors can either present their papers in-person or virtually. Although we are currently planning to hold the conference in-person, please note that the conference will be held virtual-only if the COVID-19 situation in Japan becomes significantly worse. In such a case, we will announce the authors and attendees as soon as the decision is made.  
 Contact  
 Any queries regarding PDCAT 2022 should be directed to: pdcat2022@hpc.is.tohoku.ac.jp   
 Sponsors  
