  Register Now 
 March 1-3, Naples, Italy  
 PDP 2023  
 31st Euromicro International Conference on Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing  
 Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing  
 Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing has undergone impressive change over recent years. New architectures and applications have rapidly become the central focus of the discipline. These changes are often a result of the cross-fertilization of parallel and distributed technologies with other rapidly evolving technologies. Therefore, reviewing and assessing these new developments is paramount compared with recent research achievements in the well-established areas of parallel and distributed computing from industry and the scientific community. PDP 2023 will provide a forum for presenting these and other issues through original research presentations and facilitate the exchange of knowledge and new ideas at the highest technical level. This year's edition is part of the dissemination activities of the ADMIRE project, wich will also be an exhibitor at the conference Demo Area together with E4 Computer Engineering.  
 THIS YEAR’S EDITION IS FULLY IN PRESENCE   
 Download Conference Materials and Pictures     
 Conference Starts in:  
 Early Registration     
 Live sessions     
 Registration is now open! Take advantage of our Early Registration fees until February 17th.  
 Register Now    
 The ADMIRE project  aims to avoid congestion and balance computational with storage performance when processing extremely large data sets. The main objective of the ADMIRE project is to establish this control by creating an active I/O stack that dynamically adjusts computation and storage requirements through intelligent global coordination, the malleability of computation and I/O, and the scheduling of storage resources along all levels of the storage hierarchy. Find out more   
 Please, register for the conference social events before February 17th.  
 Guided Tour (March 1st)  Social Dinner (March 2nd)    
 Call for Papers  
 Submit your papers to EasyChair.  
 Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing has undergone impressive change over recent years. New architectures and applications have rapidly become the central focus of the discipline. These changes are often a result of the cross-fertilization of parallel and distributed technologies with other rapidly evolving technologies. Therefore, reviewing and assessing these new developments is paramount compared with recent research achievements in the well-established parallel and distributed computing areas from industry and the scientific community. PDP 2022 will provide a forum for presenting these and other issues through original research presentations and will facilitate the exchange of knowledge and new ideas at the highest technical level.  Topics of interest include, but are not restricted to:     
 Parallel Computing  : massively parallel machines; embedded parallel and distributed systems; multi- and many-core systems; GPU and FPGA-based parallel systems; parallel I/O; memory organization.  
 Important dates  
 Deadline for paper submission: | November 30  December 11  December 18 (firm), 2022 
  Acceptance notification: | January 22, 2022 
  Camera-ready paper due: | February | 3, 2023 
  Registration open: | January 25 | , 2023 
  Authors’ registration until: | February 15, 2023 
  Early registration until: | February 17, 2023 
  Conference: | March 1 – 3, 2023 
 Submission of Papers  
 Journal Special Issue  
 Selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to a special issue in the selected JCR-indexed journals Microprocessors and Microsystems  (Elsevier) and The Journal of Supercomputing  (Springer). Special issue on Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Systems   
 This special issue of the Microprocessors and Microsystems (MICPRO) journal is devoted to selected high-quality papers from the 31st Euromicro International Conference on Parallel, Distributed, and Network-Based Processing. Submission deadline is 30 September 2023. Call for paper   New Trends in Parallel, Distributed, and Network-based Processing: Key Technologies, Tools, and Applications  
 This special issue of The Journal of Supercomputing (JSUPE) is devoted to selected high-quality papers from the PDP 2023, as well as to other high-quality papers that fit the Special Issue topics. Submission deadline is 30 September 2023. Call for paper     
 Instructions for authors of accepted papers  
 IMPORTANT DATES:  These are hard deadlines. Please let us know if you will have any problems meeting them: Camera-ready: February 3rd 
  IEEE Copyright transfer: February 17th 
  Early registration until: February 17th 
  Full consideration of reviewers’ remarks and suggestions for the elaboration of the camera-ready version 
  Provide the following required extra material: Fulfilled IEEE copyright transfer form; information about the presenter, including plain text with a short bio and a photograph. 
  Full registration of at least one of the authors of each manuscript. 
  SUBMIT DOCUMENTATION AND EXTRA INFORMATION  The following documentation should be provided to the organization by the indicated deadlines: Camera-ready: the final version of the paper should be uploaded to the EasyChair platform as a new version of the same submission. 
  Copyright form: authors will timely receive instructions to fulfill the IEEE copyright transfer form. 
  REGISTRATION  Please note that at least one of the originally submitting authors of an accepted paper has to fully register for the conference (i.e., with Euromicro member fee or with Euromicro non-member fee) until February 15th, 2023  . Otherwise, the paper will not be included in the Proceedings. Check the Registration page  .   
 Conference Schedule  
 PDP 2023 full schedule of keynotes, sessions & workshops will be available soon  
 Download Schedule     
 Day 1, Wednesday  1 March 2023 
  Day 2, Thursday  2 March 2023 
  Day 3, Friday  3 March 2023 
 8:00AM - 9:15AM  MAIN HALL    
 Registration and welcome espresso  
 Registration for PDP 2023. Pick up your name badge and goodie bag.   
 9:15AM-10:30AM  TEATRO    
  Burbon Tunnel - Adventure Tour  
 Details:  departure from the conference venue Villa Doria d’Angri with a private shuttle. The tour starts at 7:00PM (1.30h)   
 Recommendations:  comfortable, non-slippery shoes and a jacket or sweatshirt are recommended.   
 We regret that this tour is not suitable for people with claustrophobia and walking difficulties.   
 Please, fill in the form  before February 17 to reserve your spot.    
 9:00AM - 10:00AM  Frontdesk    
 Aperitivo & Social Dinner (reservation needed)  
 Location:  the conference venue, Villa Doria d’Angri.   
 Please, fill in the form  before February 17 to confirm your attendance and notify us the number of accompanying persons and your dietary restrictions.    
 9:00AM - 10:00AM  Frontdesk    
 Special Sessions  
 The following Special Sessions will be part of PDP 2023  
 HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING IN MODELLING AND SIMULATION     
 SCALABLE ALGORITHMS, LIBRARIES AND TOOLS FOR COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING ON NEW HETEROGENEOUS HPC SYSTEMS     
 Heterogeneity is emerging as one of the main characteristics of today’s and future HPC environments where different node organizations, memory hierarchies, and kinds of exotic accelerators are increasingly present. It pervades the entire spectrum of Computing Continuum, ranging from large Cloud infrastructures and Datacenter up to the Internet of Things and Edge Computing environments, aimed at making available in a transparent and friendly way the multitude of low-power and heterogeneous HPC resources available everywhere around us. In this context, for Computational Science and Machine Learning, it is essential to leverage efficient and highly scalable libraries and tools capable of exploiting such modern heterogeneous computers. These systems are typically characterized by very different software environments, which require a new level of flexibility in the algorithms and methods used to achieve an adequate level of performance, with growing attention to energy consumption. This conference Special Session aims to provide a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss recent advances in parallel methods and algorithms and their implementations on current and future heterogeneous HPC architectures. We solicit research works that address algorithmic design, implementation techniques, performance analysis, integration of parallel numerical methods in science and engineering applications, energy-aware techniques, and theoretical models that efficiently solve problems on heterogeneous platforms.  
 We focus on papers covering various topics of interest that include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 Tools and programming environments support different forms of parallelism. 
 Workshop format   
 We aim at a half-day workshop.   
 We plan a combination of oral presentations, short talks about related topics from the main PDP conference, and a closing panel discussion.   
 We plan to host about 6 talks oral presentations, 20 minutes per talk, and 10 minutes for questions and discussion. Talks selection will be based on the interest of the talk and the relation with the workshop.   
 In addition to the selected talks, the workshop will also feature a keynote and invited short talks from the main PDP track with the goal of extending the scope of our workshop.   
 A final panel discussion will summarize the workshop and propose joint next steps to progress in Big Data–HPC convergence research in Supercomputers and large-scale distributed IT systems.   
 Attendance estimated is between 10 and 20 participants.   
 Publicity Plan   
 Committee  
 Many people worldwide are working together to PDP 2023.  
 ORGANIZERS     
 Location that you'll be looking for  
 The conference is hosted at Villa Doria d'Angri, a monumental manor part of the Università degli Studi di Napoli "Parthenope".  
 Get Directions:  
 Parking  
 Parking for conference attendees is availabele in Villa Doria d’Angri.  
 Accommodation  
