 Call for Contributions  
 Call for Papers and Submission Instructions 
  Call for Industry Track Papers 
  Call for Demo Papers 
 CLICK HERE  to Download the PDF Version  of Call For Papers   
 PerCom is the premier annual scholarly venue in pervasive computing and communications. Pervasive computing is constantly at the forefront of mobile and ubiquitous systems research and has found its way into many commercial applications due to tremendous advances in a broad spectrum of technologies and topics such as wireless networking, mobile and distributed computing, sensor systems, ambient intelligence, and smart devices.  
 Scope  
 Advances in pervasive systems and infrastructures: | middleware systems and services; data engineering for pervasive computing; cloud, fog and edge computing; integrations of smartphones and wearables in pervasive experiences; applications of device-to-device coordination. 
  Theories, models, and algorithms: | context modeling & reasoning; adaptive computing; activity & emotion recognition; programming paradigms; applied deep/federated/decentralized machine learning; causal learning; cognitive computing; resource-efficient AI; complex networks; spatio-temporal modeling. 
  Domain-specific challenges and novel applications: | urban/mobile crowdsensing & intelligence; PerCom for healthcare and well-being; cyber-physical PerCom; smart homes and virtual assistants; mixed reality; sports analytics; crime prevention; pervasive nowcasting; assistive and collaborative robotics; pervasive AR/VR; smart vehicles; disaster sensing and management; interactive agents; education and reskilling. 
  Intersections of PerCom with: | IoT and sensor systems; RFID; opportunistic networks; pervasive data science; human-machine interaction and interfaces, cyber-physical systems; 3D networks, embedded and edge AI. 
  New techniques for user-level concerns: | participatory and social sensing; trust, security, privacy, fairness, and ethics; user interface, interaction, and persuasion; online and offline social networking; human-machine collaboration. 
  Technological innovations: | architectures, protocols, and technologies for pervasive communications; energy-harvesting, self-powered, or battery-less systems; mobile and wearable systems; smart devices, natural multimodal interfaces and environments; positioning, navigation, timing, and tracking technologies; and device-free human and environmental sensing. 
  Contributions can be analytical, empirical, technological, methodological, or a combination. Papers reporting strong systems engineering contributions backed by solid and appropriate evaluations are strongly encouraged. The impact of the contributions should be demonstrated in the context of pervasive computing and communications applications.   
 Read Before Submitting   
 Note: accepted papers must be presented in person by one of the authors, in addition to having an associated full registration. Failure to comply with this requirement will result in the exclusion of the paper from the final proceedings, the conference program and from the IEEE Digital Library, and the paper will not be eligible for the Best Paper Award.   
 We also strongly advise authors of submitted papers to be prepared to apply for their US visa as soon as their paper is accepted.   
 Important Dates  (Revised)  
 Notification: Friday, Dec 20 2024   
 Best Paper Award and Editorial Follow-Ups   
 The best paper will receive the prestigious Mark Weiser Best Paper Award.  
 Selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions for a special issue of the  Pervasive and Mobile Computing Journal   .  
 Submission Details   
 Submitted papers must be unpublished and may not be under consideration elsewhere for publication at any point in the review process  . Also, they must show a significant relevance to pervasive computing and communications. Submitted papers will undergo a rigorous review process handled by the Technical Program Committee. Only electronic submissions in PDF  format will be considered.  
 The IEEE LaTeX and Microsoft Word templates, as well as formatting instructions, can be found here  . Papers must be at most 9 pages of technical content  ( 10pt font, 2-column format  ), including text, figures, tables and appendices, and up to 1 additional page for references  only. Papers that violate the formatting instructions may be summarily rejected from further consideration.   
 Accepted papers will be published in IEEE Xplore.  
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion   
 PerCom is committed to respecting and adhering to principles of Diversity & Inclusion. Check here  for specific information.  
 PerCom   
 Previous PerComs  
 PerCom 2024 
  PerCom 2023 
  PerCom 2022 
