PoPETs  Go to PETS    
 Menu   Home 
  CFPs ￬ | CFP 2024 
  Authors ￬ | Submission (2024) 
  Resubmission (2024) 
  Copyrights (2024) 
  Camera Ready (2024) 
  Reviews ￬ | Review process (2024) 
  Proceedings 
  Awards ￬ | PET Award 
  Best Student Paper 
  Best HotPETs Talk 
  Artifact Award 
 About   
 The annual Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS) brings together privacy experts from around the world to present and discuss recent advances and new perspectives on research in privacy technologies. PETS/PoPETs is the premier venue for novel applied and/or theoretical research into the design, analysis, experimentation, or fielding of privacy-enhancing technologies.  
 Submitted papers undergo a journal-style reviewing process and accepted papers are published in the journal Proceedings on Privacy Enhancing Technologies  (PoPETs). PoPETs, a scholarly, open access journal for timely research papers on privacy, has been established as a way to improve reviewing and publication quality while retaining the highly successful PETS community event. As of April, 2022, PoPETs is self-published. PoPETs does not have article processing charges (APCs) or article submission charges.  
 The call for papers  provides more information for authors and a list of example topics in the scope of PoPETs.  
 Issue 1   
  Paper submission deadline: May 31, 2024 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: July 16–19, 2024  
  Author notification: August 1, 2024  
  Revision deadline: September 1, 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and accepted revisions: September 15, 2024  
 Issue 2   
  Paper submission deadline: August 31, 2024 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: October 15–18, 2024  
  Author notification: November 1, 2024  
  Revision deadline: December 1, 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and accepted revisions: December 15, 2024  
 Issue 3   
  Paper submission deadline: November 30, 2024 (firm)  
 Authors invited to resubmit with major revisions can submit the revised (full) paper two weeks after the stated deadline. Such papers must, however, be registered with an abstract by the usual deadline. All other papers than these major revision resubmissions must be submitted by the stated deadline including papers submitted to and rejected from previous issues. To benefit from the two-week deadline extension, major revisions must be submitted to one of the two issues following the decision. Major revisions submitted to later issues are treated as new submissions, due by the regular deadline and possibly assigned to new reviewers.  
 Past PETS  
 Links to websites for previous PETS  .  
 Advisory board  
 PoPETs/PETS Advisory Board members  .  
 Announcements  
 Join the PET mailing list  for announcements, CFPs, and other treats.  
 You can also follow us @PET_Symposium  on Twitter and infosec.exchange/@PET_Symposium  on Mastodon, or watch videos of the talks on our Youtube channel  .   
 Acceptance rates  
 FAQ  
 Questions and answers  about PoPETs and PETS.  
 Contact Us