PoPETs  Go to PETS    
 Menu   Home 
  CFPs ￬ | CFP 2024 
  Authors ￬ | Submission (2024) 
  Resubmission (2024) 
  Copyrights (2024) 
  Camera Ready (2024) 
  Reviews ￬ | Review process (2024) 
  Proceedings 
  Awards ￬ | PET Award 
  Best Student Paper 
  Best HotPETs Talk 
  Artifact Award 
 Call for Papers   
 24th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2024)  
 July 15–20, 2024  
 Bristol, UK and Online  
 General information about PETs  Submit your paper    
 The annual Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS)  brings together experts from around the world to present and discuss recent advances and new perspectives on research in privacy technologies. The 24th PETS will be a hybrid event with a physical gathering held in Bristol, UK and a concurrent virtual event. Papers undergo a journal-style reviewing process, and accepted papers are published in the journal Proceedings on Privacy Enhancing Technologies  (PoPETs). Authors of accepted papers are encouraged to attend and present at the physical event, where their presentations can be recorded for the virtual event and where they can participate directly in in-person research, technical, and social activities. However, in-person attendance is not required for publication in the proceedings. We will carefully monitor the COVID-19 situation, and may change the organization of the event as necessary  
 PoPETs, a scholarly, open-access journal for research papers on privacy provides high-quality reviewing and publication while also supporting the successful PETS community event. PoPETs is self-published and does not have article processing charges (APCs) or article submission charges.  
 Authors can submit papers to PoPETs four times a year, every three months, and are notified of the decisions about two months after submission. In addition to accept and reject decisions, papers may receive resubmit with major revisions decisions, in which case authors are invited to revise and resubmit their article to one of the following two issues. We endeavour to assign the same reviewers to major revisions. Please view our FAQ  for more information about the process.  
 Submission Guidelines    
 Important Dates for PETS 2024  
 Issue 1   
  Paper submission deadline: May 31, 2023 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: July 17–21, 2023  
  Author notification: August 1, 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and minor revisions (if accepted by the shepherd): September 15, 2023  
 Issue 2   
  Paper submission deadline: August 31, 2023 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: October 16–20, 2023  
  Author notification: November 1, 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and minor revisions (if accepted by the shepherd): December 15, 2023  
 Issue 3   
  Paper submission deadline: November 30, 2023 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: January 15–19, 2024  
  Author notification: February 1, 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and minor revisions (if accepted by the shepherd): March 15, 2024  
 Issue 4   
  Paper submission deadline: February 29, 2024 (firm)  
  Rebuttal period: April 8–12, 2024  
  Author notification: May 1, 2024  
  Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers and minor revisions (if accepted by the shepherd): June 15, 2024  
 Authors invited to resubmit with major revisions can submit the revised (full) paper two weeks after the stated deadline. Such papers must, however, be registered with an abstract by the usual deadline. All papers other than major revision resubmissions must be submitted in full by the stated deadline including papers submitted to and rejected from previous issues. To benefit from the two-week deadline extension, major revisions must be submitted to one of the two issues following the decision. Major revisions submitted to later issues are treated as new submissions, due by the regular deadline and possibly assigned to new reviewers.  
 Scope  
 Papers submitted to PETS/PoPETs should present novel practical and/or theoretical research into the requirements, design, analysis, experimentation or fielding of privacy-enhancing technologies and the social, cultural, legal or situational contexts in which they are used. Note that a paper's relevance to privacy applications  is crucial for our community. PETS is open to topics from the wider area of security and privacy (cryptographic primitives security mechanisms, differentially-private mechanisms, etc.) as long as it is clear how these serve to improve or understand privacy in technology (e.g., it includes a use case, evaluation on real data, integration with an application etc.). PETS is also open to interdisciplinary research examining people’s and communities’ privacy needs, preferences, and expectations as long as it is clear how these findings can impact the design, development, or deployment of technology with privacy implications.  
 Suggested topics include but are not restricted to: Anonymous communication and censorship resistance 
  Blockchain privacy 
  Transparency, robustness, and abuse in privacy systems 
  Web privacy 
  We also solicit Systematization of Knowledge (SoK)  papers on any of these topics: papers putting together existing knowledge under some common light (adversary model, requirements, functionality offered, etc.), providing novel insights, identifying research gaps or challenges to commonly held assumptions, etc. Survey papers, without such contributions, are not suitable. SoK submissions should include "SoK:" in their title and check the corresponding option in the submission form.  
  PoPETs reviews and publishes digital artifacts related to its accepted papers. This process aids in the reproducibility of results and allows others to build on the work described in the paper. Artifact submissions are requested from authors of all accepted papers, and although they are optional, we strongly encourage you to submit your artifacts for review.  
 Possible artifacts include (but are not limited to):  
 Source code (e.g., system implementations, proof of concepts) 
  Build environments (e.g., VMs, Docker containers, configuration scripts) 
 Artifacts are evaluated by the artifact review committee. The committee evaluates the artifacts to ensure that they provide an acceptable level of utility, and feedback is given to the authors. Issues considered include software bugs, readability of documentation and appropriate licensing. After your artifact has been approved by the committee, we will accompany the paper link on petsymposium.org  with a link to the artifact along with an artifact badge so that interested readers can find and use your artifact.  
  You are invited to submit nominations for the 2024 Caspar Bowden Award for Outstanding Research in Privacy Enhancing Technologies. The Caspar Bowden PET award is presented annually to researchers who have made an outstanding contribution to the theory, design implementation, or deployment of privacy enhancing technologies. It is awarded at PETS and carries a cash prize as well as a physical award statue. Any paper by any author written in the area of privacy enhancing technologies is eligible for nomination. However, the paper must have appeared in a refereed journal conference, or workshop with proceedings published in the period from April 1 2022 until March 30, 2024.  
 Andreas Pfitzmann Best Student Paper Award   
  A winner of the Andreas Pfitzmann PETS 2024 Best Student Paper Award will be selected at PETS 2024. Papers written solely or primarily by a student who is presenting the work to PETS 2024 are eligible for the award.  
 Artifact Award   
  A winner of the PETS 2024 Artifact Award will be announced at PETS 2024. Artifacts for papers accepted to PETS 2024 are eligible for the award.  
 HotPETs   
  As usual, part of the symposium will be devoted to HotPETs — the "hottest," most exciting research ideas still in a formative state. Further information will be published on the PETS website in early 2024.  
 Contact Us