Welcome to Pacific Graphics 2023! Use cookies to make your website appear smoothly. You must agree to use cookies to continue using Pacific Graphics 2023.   
                                    Skip to the content  Skip to the Navigation                                                                                      
  Pictures 
  Conference Guides | Lunch Guide 
  Paper Presentation Guideline 
  Plan to Attend | Experiencing Daejeon 
  Travel & Visa 
  Call for Technical Papers 
   The 31th Pacific Conference on Computer Graphics and Applications (Pacific Graphics) 2023 is an annual flagship conference of the Asia Graphics Association. As a highly successful conference series, Pacific Graphics provides a premium forum for researchers, developers, practitioners in the Pacific Rim and around the world to present and discuss new problems, solutions, and technologies in computer graphics and related areas. Technical Papers Program will showcase innovative research in Computer Graphics and related areas. We invite submissions of new ideas and encourage all forms of research creativity and originality. We are interested in the practice, experience, novel applications, technological, system, or theoretical papers, with the ambition of setting the standard in the field and stimulating future trends.  
 The Technical Papers Program of Pacific Graphics 2023 consists of two tracks: Full Papers and Short Papers. First, accepted full papers will be presented at Pacific Graphics 2023 and published in a special issue of the Eurographics journal Computer Graphics Forum  . The full papers submissions will undergo a double-blind two-step review process. Second, accepted short papers will be published in the Proceedings of Pacific Graphics 2023 in the EG Digital Library, with an oral presentation at the conference. There is a single stage review cycle for short papers submissions. Full and short papers will be reviewed by the same international program committee for technical quality, novelty, significance, and clarity. Pacific Graphics Technical Papers will all be presented in the EG Digital Library.  
 We encourage submissions from all areas related to computer graphics, including but not limited to rendering, modeling, animation, simulation, visualization, virtual and augmented reality, display technology, image processing, computational imaging, computational fabrication, human-computer interaction, and deep learning techniques applied to graphics problems.  
 Pacific Graphics 2023 will be hosted at Daejeon Convention Center, Daejeon, South Korea on October 10th–13th, 2023. Daejeon is located in the center of South Korea and there are high-tech industries, national research centers, and a renowned science and technology university of Korea, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST). The conference convention center is also located in the science park, a popular destination for locals and tourists alike, with a variety of exhibits, recreational activities. Other popular attractions include the National Science Museum, which features interactive exhibits on science and technology, and the Daejeon Museum of Art, which accommodates a collection of modern and contemporary art, and the Daejeon Arts Center, which hosts a wide variety of performances, including concerts, musicals, operas, and dance performances. These attract many visitors to the city, making it a variant and youthful place to live. Overall, Deajeon is a modern and dynamic city with a rich cultural heritage and many attractions to explore. Coming to PG 2023 will also be an opportunity for the international community to discover Korea and its prestigious laboratories at KAIST, especially for their research in computer science and vision.  
 Participants of Pacific Graphics 2023 will be able to attend presentations of the latest advances in computer graphics and imaging from research and industry experts. It is also going to be a great opportunity to meet with international researchers in the domain and socialize around the conference social events.  
 Timeline for full/short papers   
 June 5  , 2023 – Preliminary abstract due (required for any further submission)  
  June 8  , 2023 – Full/short papers due  
  July 21  , 2023 – Reviews available, rebuttal start  
  July 28  , 2023 – Rebuttal due  
  August 14  , 2023 – Notification to Authors  
  September 1  , 2023 – Revised version due  
  September 8  , 2023 – Final notification  
  September 15  , 2023 – Camera-ready version due  
  October 10, 2023 – Conference in Daejeon, South Korea  
 Submission dates   
 Submission details   
 Electronic submissions of all full and short papers are mandatory and will be conducted using the Submission and Review Management (SRMv2)  system. Paper submissions must be written in English, must be anonymized   , and must be formatted according to the Eurographics Computer Graphics Forum guidelines. The publication guidelines and LaTeX templates are available on SRMv2  . Accepted papers must be presented orally in English at Pacific Graphics 2023. Review of full/short papers is based on a double-blind reviewing approach, so please be sure to remove all personal data (such as authors, affiliations, acknowledgements, etc.) from the submissions. References to the authors’ own work should be made in the third person to maintain anonymity. Reviewers are asked to keep confidential all materials sent to them for evaluation.  
 Full papers track: there is no maximum length imposed on full paper submissions. However, full paper submissions should only be as long as they need to be, but not longer. Reviewers might rank submissions perceived as being either repetitive or unnecessarily long lower than they would score concisely written papers.  
 Short papers track: short paper submissions cannot be longer than 7 pages (excluding references). There is no limit on the length of the reference section. Short paper submissions will be declined without review if they exceed the above page limit.  
 Authors of the accepted technical papers will present a short summary or a teaser during a fast-forward session. This presentation will be around 25 seconds and can be augmented by slides. To ensure a smooth organization, they will be asked to prepare a short video of the slides for this purpose, in two versions: one with the spoken text and one without. Details will be sent to the authors of the accepted papers.  
 Plagiarism   
 A submission to the Pacific Graphics 2023 Technical program should describe the original work of the authors. Authors must not use ideas or content originating from others without properly crediting their original sources. Note that such sources are not limited to peer-reviewed publications but also include patents, textbooks, technical reports, theses, unpublished work posted on arXiv, and other posts on the World Wide Web. Failure to comply with this requirement will be considered plagiarism and result in rejection.  
 Prior Art   
 Authors are expected to cite, discuss differences and novelty, and compare results, if applicable, with respect to relevant existing publications, provided they have been published in a peer-reviewed venue. This also applies to patents, which also undergo a professional reviewing process. But what about technical reports, and other non-peer-reviewed publications, such as technical reports or papers posted on arXiv, which we henceforth refer to as pre-publications? With the rapid progress of search engines and the increased perusal of arXiv papers by the scientific community, asking authors to thoroughly compare their work to these pre-publications imposes an unreasonable burden — a seemingly relevant report that is incomplete in its disclosure or validation might appear online shortly before the deadline. Although peer-reviewed publications are certainly not immune to these shortcomings, they have, at least, been judged sufficiently complete and valid by a group of peers. Consequently, authors are not required to discuss and compare their work with recent prepublications (arXiv, technical reports, theses, etc.), although they must properly cite those that inspired them (see “Plagiarism” above). Nevertheless, we encourage authors to mention all related works they are aware of as good academic practice dictates. Note that with new works posted on arXiv on a daily basis, it is increasingly likely that reviewers might point out similarities between the submitted work and online reports that have been missed by the authors. In this case, authors of conditionally accepted papers should be prepared to cite these pre-publications in their final revision as concurrent work, without the burden of having to detail how their work compares to or differs from these pre-publications. When authors cite previous work that they have authored, the citation should be in the third person to preserve anonymity. There are, however, situations where such prior work should not be cited. This is the case if these prior works correspond to prepublications of the submission (arXiv), with largely similar content. In this case, it must be ensured that no publicity related to the publication is available on the web.  
 arXiv policy   
 As authors, putting a submission on a repository like arXiv is allowed, either before submission or during the review cycle. There is no penalty for publishing a submission as a prepublication. However, if there are largely overlapping prepublications of the same authors that are available online at the time of submission (arXiv), earlier or largely similar versions of the submission should not be cited in the submission because this would identify the authors. This is consistent with the submission guidelines at SIGGRAPH and CVPR/ECCV/ICCV. If an author is applying for jobs during the review cycle, it is allowed, as an exception, to list a submission as ‘under review at Pacific Graphics’ in the author’s CV.  
 After submission, the authors should try to preserve the anonymity of the submission. Authors must not discuss the submitted research with social or regular media that includes blogs and news articles, as well as publicize via media segments of universities and/or research institutes. Please do not advertise the work on social media or list it on web pages as ‘under review at Pacific Graphics’.  
 Double Submission Policy   
 By submitting a manuscript to the Pacific Graphics Technical Papers program, authors acknowledge that the technical contributions they claim have not been previously published or accepted for publication in another peer-reviewed venue and that no manuscript substantially similar in content is currently under review. Also, double submissions for both tracks simultaneously are not allowed. Violations constitute grounds for rejection.  
 Re-submitted Material   
 For papers that have previously been reviewed by other venues and have been rejected or withdrawn, the authors are encouraged to provide a cover letter to describe the history of the paper (however, this does not imply reviewer continuity). This cover letter can also answer the comments made in the previous reviews, by either listing the changes that were made to comply with them or discussing/rebutting/clarifying some elements if need be. Though not mandatory, this procedure is strongly encouraged. The cover letter has to be submitted through SRM as an ‘Additional Attachment’ (see the last section of the SRM upload form for details).  
 Rebuttal, Notification, Publication, and Prizes   
 The | reviews | will be made available to the authors on | July 21, 2023 | . During a rebuttal period from | July 21 to July 28, 2023 | , authors will be able to submit a brief document to address any factual errors or clarify any issues raised by reviews. 
  The date for notification of the results of the | first round | of the review process is | August 12, 2023 | . 
  Revised versions | of paper submissions conditionally accepted in the first round must be submitted by | September 1, 2023 | . 
  The | final notification | of the outcome of the second reviewing round will be made on | September 8, 2023 | . 
  The | camera-ready version | of accepted papers will be due on | September 15, 2023 | . 
  At least one author per paper must register and personally present the work at the conference venue. Papers without registration are subject to removal from publication. 
  At the issue of all the presentations, an international jury will select | the best full paper | . The best paper will receive the Best Paper Award, presented at Pacific Graphics 2023. 
  Pacific Graphics 2023 Papers Co-Chairs   
 Raphaëlle Chaine  , LIRIS, Université Lyon 1, CNRS, France  
 Zhigang Deng  , University of Houston, United States  
 Min H. Kim  , KAIST, South Korea  
 For any questions concerning paper submissions, please do not hesitate to contact the papers program co-chairs via chairs-pg2023@eg.org  .  
 Copyright © Pacific Graphics - All Rights Reserved  
 Copyright © Pacific Graphics 2023 All Rights Reserved.  
 Powered by WordPress  & Lightning Theme  by Vektor,Inc. technology.  
  Pictures 
  Conference Guides | Lunch Guide 
  Paper Presentation Guideline 
  Plan to Attend | Experiencing Daejeon 
  Travel & Visa 
