  Keynote 
  Program 
  Camera-ready Submission 
  Registration 
  PRICAI 2023 
 Loading...    
 Loading...    
    2023 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop  
 Jakarta, Indonesia  
 15-16 November 2023  
  Previous    Next     
   The proceedings of PKAW 2023 have been released on Springer. Free access has been granted until 15 December 2023 if you click the below link.  
 News  
 (16 October)  The program for PKAW 2023  has been released.  
  (07 September) The instruction for submitting Camera-ready paper  has been released.  
  (24 August) Registration  information has been released!  
  (07 August) For authors whose papers are rejected by PRICAI 2023, please re-submit to PKAW 2023 through the submission link  ASAP. The submission link is open until 20 August  .  
  (31 July) Following extensive discussion with the organizing committee of PRICAI 2023, we are thrilled to announce the registration fee is reduced. Hence, the submission date has been extended to 3 August 2023  .  
  (17 July) The submission date has been extended to 31 July 2023  !  
  (11 May) Program Committee Members  has been released.  
  (01 April) " Call for Papers  has been released.  
 Welcome to PKAW 2023  
 PKAW has provided a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss the state-of-the-art in the areas of knowledge acquisition and machine intelligence (MI, also Artificial Intelligence, AI). PKAW2023 will continue the above focus and welcome the contributions to the multi-disciplinary approach of human and big data-driven knowledge acquisition and AI techniques and applications.  
 AI is changing the way in which organizations innovate and communicate their processes, products and services. Also, in our daily life, AI-embedded devices such as smart speakers are about to become widely used, which extends the possibility of acquiring knowledge from users’ behavior observed through the interaction between those devices and their users. Knowledge acquisition and learning from big data are becoming more challenging than ever. Various knowledge can be acquired not only from human experts but also from heterogeneous data. Multidisciplinary research, including knowledge engineering, artificial intelligence and machine learning, human-computer interaction, etc., is required to meet the challenge. We invite authors to submit papers on all aspects of these areas.  
 Furthermore, not only in the engineering field but also in the social science field (e.g., economics social networks, and sociology), recent progress in knowledge acquisition and data engineering techniques is realizing interesting applications. We also invite submissions that present applications tested and deployed in real-life settings and lessons learned during this process.  
 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission   
  03 August 2023  
 Acceptance Notification   
  08 September 2023   
 Camera-Ready Submission   
  15 September 2023   
 Workshop Date   
  15-16 November 2023   
 All deadlines are at the end of the day specified, anywhere on Earth (UTC-12).   
 Flyer  
  Please download the Flyer of PKAW 2023. [ Download  ]   
 Supporting Organizations  
 Important Dates  
 Paper Submission: | 3 August 2023 
  Notification: | 31 August 2023 
  Camera-Ready Submission: | 7 September 2023 
  Workshop Date: | 15 November 2023 
  All deadlines are at the end of the day specified, anywhere on Earth (UTC-12). Areas of Interest  
 All aspects of AI, machine learning, knowledge acquisition, data engineering and management for intelligent systems including (but not restricted to): Knowledge Acquisition 
  Crowd-sourcing for data generation and problem solving 
 Paper Submission  
 PKAW will not accept any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review for, has already been published in, or has already been accepted for publication in, a journal or another venue with formally published proceedings. If part of the work has been previously published, authors are strongly encouraged to cite and compare/contrast the new contributions with the parts that were already published before. The paper must substantially extend the previously published work.  
 PKAW 2023 will adopt single-blind  rule for the reviewing process, i.e., the authors do not know the names of the reviewers, but the reviewers can infer the names of the authors from the submission.  
 Page limit:   
  Full paper: 12 pages  
  Short paper: 8 pages  
 Springer’s Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) Template  PKAW 2023 Paper Submission Site    
 Contact  
 For any question, please send your email to Dr. Shiqing Wu ( shiqing.wu@uts.edu.au  ) Dr. Wenli Yang ( yang.wenli@utas.edu.au  ) and Dr. Muhammad Bilal Amin ( bilal.amin@utas.edu.au  ).   
 PROGRAM  
 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop (PKAW 2023)  
 15 November 2023  
  Zoom link: TBA 
 Time  
  Session Chair:  Quan Bai 
  (Each paper has 15 minutes for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Automated Cattle Behavior Classification using Wearable Sensors and Machine Learning Approach   
  Niken Prasasti Martono, Rie Sawado, Itoko Nonaka, Fuminori Terada and Hayato Ohwada   
  (Each paper has 15 minutes for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Session Chair:  Wenli Yang  
  Predicting Peak Demand Days for Asthma-Related Emergency Hospitalisations: A Machine Learning Approach   
  Session Chair:  Qing Liu 
  (Each paper has 15 minutes for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Information Gerrymandering in Elections   
  Xiaoxue Liu, Shohei Kato, Fenghui Ren, Guoxin Su, Minjie Zhang and Wen Gu   
  (Each paper has 15 mins for presentation and 5 mins for Q&A) | Session Chair:  Shiqing Wu  
  Blockchain as a Collaborative Technology - Case Studies in the Real Estate Sector in Vietnam   
 REGISTRATION  
 Registration is now available for both the author(s) and general participants. You may pay the registration fee using GriffithPay  . Please select Pre-conference option only and do not select registration option  .  
 The details of registration fee is listed below. Authors and general participants must register using the registration link above and pay the registration fee using GriffithPay before the deadline.  
 Note  : Student registrants must send a letter from their University/Institution confirming their studentship to shiqing.wu@uts.edu.au  .  
 Non-Student | Student | Due date 
 Camera-ready Submission  
 The link for camera-ready submission has been sent to author via emails.  
  Please follow the instruction attached in the email to complete the submission by 16 Oct 2023  .   
 Camera-ready Submission  
 Submission Instruction  
 To smoothly publish your work in the Springer proceedings, you must submit the camera-ready paper, source files, and the signed and completed copyright transfer form  by 15 September 2023  . You need to submit the files using your EasyChair author account, as follows:  
 Log into Easychair, select the author role, and go to your accepted paper(s). 
  Go to "Add or update files". 
  Upload required files correspondingly. You don't need to update the original submission, but just upload the required camera-ready paper, source files, and the signed and completed copyright transfer form. 
  Camera-ready Copy and Source files Submission  
 Please follow the Submission Instruction to upload two files:  
 Either a zipped file containing all your LaTeX sources (LaTeX files with all the associated style files, special fonts, eps files and the underlying bib file for the references); | OR a Word file in RTF format, and 
  PDF version of your camera-ready paper. 
  Please follow strictly the "Springer Author Instructions"  when preparing the final version. Download  and use the correct template (either in Latex or MS Word) to prepare your final camera-copy paper. Papers must be in trouble-free, high-resolution PDF format. Use only the arabic numbers system (i.e. [1], [3-5], [4-6,9]) for your references. Please also pay attention to Springer's Editorial Policies  when preparing your final copy.  
 The page limit given in the proceedings is strict as follows. Note that NO appendix is allowed  .  
 Long papers: 12 pages (excluding references) 
  Short papers: 8 pages (excluding references) 
  When submitting your paper, a corresponding author must be available to carry out a proof check of the paper. The corresponding author should be clearly marked as such in the header of the paper. He or she is also the one who signs the consent-to-publish form on behalf of all of the authors. Our publisher has recently introduced an extra control loop: once data processing is finished, they will contact all corresponding authors and ask them to check their papers. We expect this to happen shortly before the printing of the proceedings. At that time your quick interaction with Springer will be greatly appreciated.  
  Copyright Form Submission  
 Please upload a signed and completed copyright form in EasyChair as soon as possible using the pre-filled Springer copyright form  . Please do not change the main content and pre-filled content.  
 It is sufficient for one corresponding author to sign the copyright form. Springer requests that the corresponding author, who should match the corresponding author marked on the paper, must have the full right power, and authority to sign the agreement on behalf of all of the authors of a particular paper, and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on their behalf. Spring does not accept digital signatures on the consent-to-publish forms at present.  
 KEYNOTE SPEAKERS  
 © PKAW 2023