Public-Key Cryptography – PKC 2023 | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
 DE     
 nach oben    
 2023 | Buch  
 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
 Public-Key Cryptography – PKC 2023  
 26th IACR International Conference on Practice and Theory of Public-Key Cryptography, Atlanta, GA, USA, May 7–10, 2023, Proceedings, Part I  
 herausgegeben von: Alexandra Boldyreva, Vladimir Kolesnikov   
 Some starting steps were taken by Grubbs et al.  (EUROCRYPT 2022) and Xagawa (EUROCRYPT 2022) wherein they studied the anonymity properties of most NIST PQC third round candidate KEMs. Unfortunately, they were unable to show the anonymity of Kyber because of certain technical barriers.   
 In this paper, we overcome said barriers and resolve the open problems posed by Grubbs et al.  (EUROCRYPT 2022) and Xagawa (EUROCRYPT 2022) by establishing the anonymity of Kyber, and the (hybrid) PKE schemes derived from it, in a post-quantum setting. Along the way, we also provide an approach to obtain tight IND-CCA security proofs for Kyber with concrete  bounds; this resolves another issue identified by the aforementioned works related to the post-quantum IND-CCA security claims of Kyber from a provable security point-of-view. Our results also extend to Saber, a NIST PQC third round finalist, in a similar fashion.   
 Varun Maram, Keita Xagawa   
  Abstract   
 The post-quantum security of cryptographic schemes assumes that the quantum adversary only receives the classical result of computations with the secret key. Further, it is unknown whether the post-quantum secure schemes still remain secure if the adversary can obtain a superposition state of the results.   
 In this paper, we formalize one class of public-key encryption schemes named oracle-masked schemes. Then we define the plaintext extraction procedure for those schemes and this procedure simulates the quantum-accessible decryption oracle with a certain loss.   
 POLKA: Towards Leakage-Resistant Post-quantum CCA-Secure Public Key Encryption  
  Abstract   
 As for any cryptographic algorithm, the deployment of post-quantum CCA-secure public key encryption schemes may come with the need to be protected against side-channel attacks. For existing post-quantum schemes that have not been developed with leakage in mind, recent results showed that the cost of these protections can make their implementations more expensive by orders of magnitude. In this paper, we describe a new design, coined POLKA  , that is specifically tailored to reduce this cost. It leverages various ingredients in order to enable efficient side-channel protected implementations such as: (i) the rigidity property (which intuitively means that the de-randomized encryption and decryption are injective functions) to avoid the very leaky re-encryption step of the Fujisaki-Okamoto transform, (ii) the randomization of the decryption thanks to the incorporation of a dummy ciphertext, removing the adversary’s control of its intermediate computations and making these computations ephemeral, (iii) key-homomorphic computations that can be masked against side-channel attacks with overheads that scale linearly in the number of shares, (iv) hard physical learning problems to argue about the security of some critical unmasked operations. Furthermore, we use an explicit rejection mechanism (returning an error symbol for invalid ciphertexts) to avoid the additional leakage caused by implicit rejection. As a result, the operations of POLKA  can be protected against leakage in a cheaper way than state-of-the-art designs, opening the way towards schemes that are both quantum-safe and leakage-resistant.   
 Clément Hoffmann, Benoît Libert, Charles Momin, Thomas Peters, François-Xavier Standaert   
 Security Analysis of RSA-BSSA  
  Abstract   
 In a blind signature scheme, a user can obtain a digital signature on a message of her choice without revealing anything about the message or the resulting signature to the signer. Blind signature schemes have recently found applications for privacy-preserving web browsing and ad ecosystems, and as such, are ripe for standardization. In this paper, we show that the recent proposed standard of Denis, Jacobs and Wood [ 16  , 17  ] constitutes a strongly one-more-unforgeable blind signature scheme in the random-oracle model under the one-more-RSA assumption. Further, we show that the blind version of RSA-FDH proposed and analyzed by Bellare, Namprempre, Pointcheval and Semanko [ 6  ] does not satisfy blindness when the public key is chosen maliciously, but satisfies a weaker notion of a blind token.   
 Anna Lysyanskaya   
 Extendable Threshold Ring Signatures with Enhanced Anonymity  
  Abstract   
 Threshold ring signatures are digital signatures that allow t  parties to sign a message while hiding their identity in a larger set of n  users called “ring”. Recently, Aranha et al. [PKC 2022] introduced the notion of extendable  threshold ring signatures ( \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  ). \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  allow one to update, in a non-interactive manner, a threshold ring signature on a certain message so that the updated signature has a greater threshold, and/or an augmented set of potential signers. An application of this primitive is anonymous count me in. A first signer creates a ring signature with a sufficiently large ring announcing a proposition in the signed message. After such cause becomes public  , other parties can anonymously decide to support that proposal by producing an updated signature. Crucially, such applications rely on partial signatures being posted on a publicly accessible  bulletin board since users may not know/trust each other.   
 In this paper, we first point out that even if anonymous count me in was suggested as an application of \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  , the anonymity notion proposed in the previous work is insufficient in many application scenarios. Indeed, the existing notion guarantees anonymity only against adversaries who just see the last signature, and are not allowed to access the “full evolution” of an \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  . This is in stark contrast with applications where partial signatures are posted in a public bulletin board. We therefore propose stronger anonymity definitions and construct a new \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  that satisfies such definitions. Interestingly, while satisfying stronger anonymity properties, our \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  asymptotically improves on the two \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  presented in prior work [PKC 2022] in terms of both time complexity and signature size. Our \(\textsf{ETRS}\)  relies on extendable non-interactive witness-indistinguishable proof of knowledge ( \(\textsf{ENIWI}\)  PoK), a novel technical tool that we formalize and construct, and that may be of independent interest. We build our constructions from pairing groups under the SXDH assumption.   
 Gennaro Avitabile, Vincenzo Botta, Dario Fiore   
  Abstract   
 When multiple users have power or rights, there is always the risk of corruption or abuse. Whereas there is no solution to avoid those malicious behaviors, from the users themselves or from external adversaries, one can strongly deter them with tracing capabilities that will later help to revoke the rights or negatively impact the reputation. On the other hand, privacy is an important issue in many applications, which seems in contradiction with traceability.   
 In this paper, we first extend usual tracing techniques based on codes so that not just one contributor can be traced but the full collusion. In a second step, we embed suitable codes into a set \(\mathcal V\)  of vectors in such a way that, given a vector \(\textbf{U}\in \textsf{span}(\mathcal V)\)  , the underlying code can be used to efficiently find a minimal subset \(\mathcal X \subseteq \mathcal V\)  such that \(\textbf{U}\in \textsf{span}(\mathcal X)\)  .   
 To meet privacy requirements, we then make the vectors of \(\textsf{span}(\mathcal V)\)  anonymous while keeping the efficient tracing mechanism. As an interesting application, we formally define the notion of linearly-homomorphic group signatures and propose a construction from our codes: multiple signatures can be combined to sign any linear subspace in an anonymous way, but a tracing authority is able to trace back all the contributors involved in the signatures of that subspace.   
  Abstract   
 In this paper we put forward new SSLE solutions that advance the state of the art both from a theoretical and a practical front. On the theoretical side we propose a new definition of SSLE in the universal composability framework. We believe this to be the right way to model security in highly concurrent contexts such as those of many blockchain related applications. Next, we propose a UC-realization of SSLE from public key encryption with keyword search (PEKS) and based on the ability of distributing the PEKS key generation and encryption algorithms. Finally, we give a concrete PEKS scheme with efficient distributed algorithms for key generation and encryption and that allows us to efficiently instantiate our abstract SSLE construction.   
 Our resulting SSLE protocol is very efficient, does not require participants to store any state information besides their secret keys and guarantees so called on-chain efficiency  : the information to verify an election in the new block should be of size at most logarithmic in the number of participants. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first efficient SSLE scheme achieving this property.   
  Abstract   
 GIMPS and PrimeGrid are large-scale distributed projects dedicated to searching giant prime numbers, usually of special forms like Mersenne and Proth primes. The numbers in the current search-space are millions of digits large and the participating volunteers need to run resource-consuming primality tests. Once a candidate prime N  has been found, the only way for another party to independently verify the primality of N  used to be by repeating the expensive primality test. To avoid the need for second recomputation of each primality test, these projects have recently adopted certifying mechanisms that enable efficient verification of performed tests. However, the mechanisms presently in place only detect benign errors and there is no guarantee against adversarial behavior: a malicious volunteer can mislead the project to reject a giant prime as being non-prime.   
 In this paper, we propose a practical, cryptographically-sound mechanism for certifying the non-primality of Proth numbers. That is, a volunteer can – parallel to running the primality test for N  – generate an efficiently verifiable proof at a little extra cost certifying that N  is not prime. The interactive protocol has statistical soundness and can be made non-interactive using the Fiat-Shamir heuristic.   
 Multi-Client Inner Product Encryption: Function-Hiding Instantiations Without Random Oracles  
  Abstract   
 In a Multi-Client Functional Encryption (MCFE) scheme, n  clients each obtain a secret encryption key from a trusted authority. During each time step t  , each client i  can encrypt its data using its secret key. The authority can use its master secret key to compute a functional key given a function f  , and the functional key can be applied to a collection of n  clients’ ciphertexts encrypted to the same time step, resulting in the outcome of f  on the clients’ data. In this paper, we focus on MCFE for inner-product  computations.   
 If an MCFE scheme hides not only the clients’ data, but also the function f  , we say it is function hiding  . Although MCFE for inner-product computation has been extensively studied, how to achieve function privacy is still poorly understood. The very recent work of Agrawal et al. showed how to construct a function-hiding  MCFE scheme for inner-product assuming standard bilinear group assumptions; however, they assume the existence of a random oracle and prove only a relaxed, selective security notion. An intriguing open question is whether we can achieve function-hiding MCFE for inner-product without  random oracles.   
 In this work, we are the first to show a function-hiding MCFE scheme for inner products, relying on standard bilinear group assumptions. Further, we prove adaptive  security without the use of a random oracle. Our scheme also achieves succinct ciphertexts, that is, each coordinate in the plaintext vector encrypts to only O  (1) group elements.   
  Abstract   
 Secure communication is gained by combining encryption with authentication. In real-world applications encryption commonly takes the form of KEM-DEM hybrid encryption, which is combined with ideal authentication. The pivotal question is how weak the employed key encapsulation mechanism (KEM) is allowed to be to still yield universally composable (UC) secure communication when paired with symmetric encryption and ideal authentication. This question has so far been addressed for public-key encryption (PKE) only, showing that encryption does not need to be stronger than sender-binding CPA, which binds the CPA secure ciphertext non-malleably to the sender ID. For hybrid encryption, prior research unanimously reaches for CCA2 secure encryption which is unnecessarily strong. Answering this research question is vital to develop more efficient and feasible protocols for real-world secure communication and thus enable more communication to be conducted securely.   
 In this paper we use ideas from the PKE setting to develop new answers for hybrid encryption. We develop a new and significantly weaker security notion—sender-binding CPA for KEMs—which is still strong enough for secure communication. By using game-based notions as building blocks, we attain secure communication in the form of ideal functionalities with proofs in the UC-framework. Secure communication is reached in both the classic as well as session context by adding authentication and one-time/replayable CCA secure symmetric encryption respectively. We furthermore provide an efficient post-quantum secure LWE-based construction in the standard model giving an indication of the real-world benefit resulting from our new security notion. Overall we manage to make significant progress on discovering the minimal security requirements for hybrid encryption components to facilitate secure communication.   
 Laurin Benz, Wasilij Beskorovajnov, Sarai Eilebrecht, Jörn Müller-Quade, Astrid Ottenhues, Rebecca Schwerdt   
 Functional encryption features secret keys, each associated with a key function f  , which allow to directly recover f  ( x  ) from an encryption of x  , without learning anything more about x  . This property is particularly useful when delegating data processing to a third party as it allows the latter to perform its task while ensuring minimum data leakage. However, this generic term conceals a great diversity in the cryptographic constructions that strongly differ according to the functions f  they support.   
 A recent series of works has focused on the ability to search a pattern within a data stream, which can be expressed as a function f  . One of the conclusions of these works was that this function f  was not supported by the current state-of-the-art, which incited their authors to propose a new primitive called Stream Encryption supporting Pattern Matching (SEPM). Some concrete constructions were proposed but with some limitations such as selective security or reliance on non-standard assumptions.   
 In this paper, we revisit the relations between this primitive and two major subclasses of functional encryption, namely Hidden Vector Encryption (HVE) and Inner Product Encryption (IPE). We indeed first exhibit a generic transformation from HVE to SEPM, which immediately yields new efficient SEPM constructions with better features than existing ones. We then revisit the relations between HVE and IPE and show that we can actually do better than the transformation proposed by Katz, Sahai and Waters in their seminal paper on predicate encryption. This allows to fully leverage the vast state-of-the-art on IPE which contains adaptively secure constructions proven under standard assumptions. This results in countless new SEPM constructions, with all the features one can wish for. Beyond that, we believe that our work sheds a new light on the relations between IPE schemes and HVE schemes and in particular shows that some of the former are more suitable to construct the latter.   
 Élie Bouscatié, Guilhem Castagnos, Olivier Sanders   
 Metadaten   
 Titel  Public-Key Cryptography – PKC 2023    
 herausgegeben von  Alexandra Boldyreva  
  Vladimir Kolesnikov  
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
