PLDI 2023   Sat 17 - Wed 21 June 2023 Orlando, Florida, United States    
 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott 
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide 
  Registration 
  Code of Conduct 
  Volunteers 
  Childcare 
  Program | PLDI Program 
  Your Program 
   Sat 17 Jun 
  Sun 18 Jun 
  Mon 19 Jun 
  Tue 20 Jun 
  Wed 21 Jun 
  Tracks | PLDI 2023 
  FCRC 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Social 
  Research Artifacts 
  SRC 
  Volunteering 
  W@PLDI 
  LGBTQ+ Lunch 
  SIGPLAN 
  Infer 
  PLARCH 
  PLMW@PLDI 
  SOAP 
  Organization | PLDI 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Research Artifacts 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  PLARCH | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLMW@PLDI | Organizing Committee 
  SOAP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Series | Series 
  PLDI 2024 
  PLDI 2023 
  PLDI 2022 
  Sign up 
  PLDI 2023  ( series  ) /  LCTES 2023 ( series  ) /  Languages, Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems LCTES 2023   
 About 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  LCTES 2023   
  Welcome to the 24th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on L  anguages, C  ompilers, and T  ools for E  mbedded S  ystems ( LCTES  2023)!  
 LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developers from either area to relevant work and interesting problems in the other area and provide a forum where they can interact.  
 LCTES’23 is co-located with PLDI  and FCRC 2023  , sharing the venue and activities with ten top computer science conferences.  
 Proceedings   
 The proceedings for LCTES 2023 are now available in the ACM Digital Library  .  
 Attendance policy   
 Accepted papers must be presented at LCTES 2023 to appear in the proceedings. Since FCRC is an in-person conference, presentations must be in person and the presenter must register for LCTES. Under special circumstances, pre-recorded presentations are allowed but require three virtual PLDI registrations to help us cover the cost of the proceedings. If you are unable to present your paper in person, contact the general chair  as soon as possible.  
 Registration is open   
 Registrations are now open  . Access to LCTES is possible with a 2-day or single-day (Sunday) pass as part of PLDI. Make sure to tick the “LCTES” box when signing up!  
 Accommodation   
 Visit the FCRC 2023 hotel information  page to book your rooms at a discounted rate.  
 Conference attendance grants for student authors   
   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
 Time Band   
 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     
 Sun 18 Jun   
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      
 Important Dates   
 Paper submission deadline: March 24, 2023 (extended firm deadline) 
  Paper notification: April 24, 2023 
  AE submission deadline: May 1, 2023 
  AE notification: May 12, 2023 
  Camera-ready deadline: May 15, 2023 
  Conference: June 18, 2023 
 Paper Categories   
 Full paper: 10 pages presenting original work. 
  Work-in-progress paper: 4 pages papers presenting original ideas that are likely to trigger interesting discussions. 
  Accepted papers in both categories will appear in the proceedings published by ACM. In addition, this year’s LCTES introduces two journal modes.  
 All accepted full papers will be invited to be published in a special issue of the ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS). A TECS publication will require substantial additional material over the conference publication and will undergo a separate review process. 
  Rejected full papers may have the option to submit their work to the IEEE Embedded Systems Letters (ESL; 4 pages). IEEE ESL submissions will undergo a separate review process. 
 Original contributions are solicited on the topics of interest including, but not limited to:   
 ACM Publications Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
  Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start, and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 Authors take note   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 Submission  
 To enable double-blind reviewing, submissions must adhere to two rules:  
 author names and their affiliations must be omitted; and, 
  references to related work by the authors should be in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). 
  However, nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult (e.g., important background references should not be omitted or anonymized). Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as discussed here  . Authors of accepted papers will be required to sign an ACM copyright release.  
 ACM Publications Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start, and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 Submission site   
 Call for Artifacts  
 Submission Site   
  Artifact Decision Notification  : May 12, 2023  
 General Info   
 The authors of all accepted LCTES papers (including WIP papers) are invited to submit supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. Artifact Evaluation is run by a separate Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC) whose task is to assess how well the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This submission is voluntary but strongly encouraged and will not influence the final decision regarding the papers.  
 At LCTES, we follow ACM’s artifact review and badging policy, version 1.1  . ACM describes a research artifact as follows:  
 By “artifact” we mean a digital object created by the authors to be used as part of the study or generated by the experiment itself. For example, artifacts can be software systems, scripts used to run experiments, input datasets, raw data collected in the experiment, or scripts used to analyze results.  
 Submission of an artifact does not imply automatic permission to make its content public. AEC members will be instructed that they may not publicize any part of the submitted artifacts during or after completing the evaluation, and they will not retain any part of any artifact after evaluation. Thus, you can include models, data files, proprietary binaries, and similar items in your artifact.  
 We expect each artifact to receive three reviews. Papers that pass the Artifact Evaluation process will receive up to three ACM artifact evaluation badge(s) directly printed on the paper and available as meta information in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Artifact evaluation is single-blind. Please take precautions (e.g., turning off analytics and logging) to help prevent accidentally learning the reviewers’ identities.  
 Badging   
 The papers with accepted artifacts will be assigned official ACM artifact evaluation badges based on the criteria defined by ACM  . The AEC awards up to three types of badges that reflect the evaluation (red), availability (green), and validation (blue) of the artifact and the results of the paper. Refer to the ACM website  for detailed badge information. Note that artifacts will be evaluated with respect to the claims and presentation in the submitted version of the paper, not the camera-ready version   .  
 The awarded badges will appear on the first page of the camera-ready version of the paper. Artifact authors will be allowed to revise their camera-ready paper after being notified of their artifact’s publication to include a link to the artifact’s DOI.  
 Note that we only award the “Reproducibility” (dark blue) badge but not the “Replication” (light blue) one.  
 Guidelines   
 Carefully think which badge(s) you seek to receive | . | If your only goal is to publish your code, seek the “Availability” (green) badge. The reviewers will not exercise the artifact for its functionality or validate the paper’s claims. 
  If you wish you have your results reproduced without making your artifact documented, consistent, complete, and exercisable, seek the “Reproducibility” (blue) badge rather than the “Functionality/Reusability” (red) badge. 
  If you do not want to make the artifact available publicly, do not seek the “Availability” (green) badge. 
  Giving AE reviewers remote access to your machines with preinstalled (proprietary) software is possible. 
  Preparing the Artifact   
 You should make your artifact available as a single archive file and use the naming convention <paper #>.<suffix>  , where the appropriate suffix is used for the given archive format. Use a commonly-available compressed archive format such as .tgz, .tbz2, or .zip and open document formats. The link to download your artifact must protect the anonymity of the reviewers (e.g., a Google Drive URL).  
 The compressed archive should consist of three pieces:  
 The submission version of your accepted paper. 
  A | README | file (PDF or plaintext format) that explains your artifact (details below). 
  A folder containing the artifact. 
  The README.txt  should consist of two parts:  
 a | Getting Started Guide | and 
  Step-by-Step Instructions | that detail how your artifact can be evaluated. Include appropriate references to the relevant sections of your paper. 
  The Getting Started Guide  should contain instructions on how to set up (including, for example, a pointer to the VM player software, its version, and passwords if needed) and test your artifact. Anyone following this guide should be able to handle the rest of your artifact easily.  
 The Step by Step Instructions  explain how to reproduce experiments or other activities supporting your paper’s conclusions. Write this for readers who are deeply interested in your work and are studying to improve or compare against it. If your artifact runs for more than a few minutes, point this out and explain how to run it on smaller inputs.  
 Where appropriate, include descriptions of and links to files (included in the archive) that represent the expected outputs   such as log files generated by your tool for a given set of inputs. If there are warnings that can be ignored, explain what they are.  
 Further, include the following:  
 A list of claims from the paper supported by the artifact. Explain how and why the artifact supports those claims. 
  A list of claims from the paper | not | supported by the artifact. Explain why the artifact does not support those claims. Examples: performance claims cannot be reproduced in a VM, authors cannot redistribute specific benchmarks, etc. 
  When preparing your artifact, please keep in mind:  
 How accessible you are making your artifact to other researchers. 
 LCTES’23 Speaker’s Guide   
 This document is for those presenting a paper at LCTES’23. If you’re presenting at ISMM, PLDI, or a PLDI tutorial or workshop, please see the Speaker’s Guide on the page for the corresponding conference/track.  
 Congratulations on having your paper accepted at LCTES’23! This document will help ensure your presentation runs smoothly and has the best possible audience impact. Please read it in its entirety.  
 Checklist   
 Before LCTES:  
 There are many excellent sources of advice on giving good talks, including from Simon Peyton Jones  , Michael Hicks  , Michael Ernst  , and Derek Dreyer  . Make good use of these!  
 Mandatory Video Check   
 All speakers are required to be in the room and check in with their session chair and the video team no later than 5 minutes before their session starts. Please note that due to our very tight schedule, speakers who fail to upload their talk in advance and/or fail to attend the video check 5 minutes before their session may have their talk cut short if technical issues arise  .  
 Q&A   
 If you stick to the above schedule you will have about 3 minutes for questions. The in-room audience will be able to ask questions via a queue at a single microphone on a mic stand in the center of the room. In-room attendees and remote attendees will also be able to ask questions via Discord. Your session chair will monitor questions on Discord and might ask questions as they see them appearing there.  
 Your talk will be streamed to Discord and YouTube with live captioning. Your remote audience will be able to write questions in the Discord channel created for your session (they won’t be able to ask questions via audio or video). They should see your slides, a video feed of you speaking, and live captions. As mentioned above, your session chair may relay questions from Discord.  
 Remote Presenters   
 LCTES’23 authors are expected to be present at the conference. If it is impossible for any of the authors to attend LCTES in person, please let the chairs know immediately.  
 Discord   
 We will use Discord as the virtual platform for this conference. You should familiarize yourself with Discord as an audience member well before your talk. We will use it for: a) the remote audience, b) delivery of remote talks, and c) communicating logistics.  
 Accessing Papers   
 PLDI papers are all open-access and available from the ACM Digital Library. Just follow the small “DOI” link in the PLDI schedule below the paper.  
 In-Person Attendees   
 The venue for PLDI’23 is Orlando World Center Marriott  .  
 The map here  indicates where you’ll find key events.  
 Registration   
 Catering   
 Lunch and breakfast will be in Cypress 3, with the exception of Monday’s PLDI Awards Lunch, which will be held in Cypress 1.  
 Wi-Fi   
 FCRC provides wifi for the whole event. You should receive information on how to access it at the registration desk.  
 Discord   
 In-person attendees are warmly encouraged to use Discord (details below). You can use it to coordinate with colleagues, get updates on activities, and engage with authors via Q&A. You are very welcome to ask questions via each session’s text channel on Discord, before, during, and after the talk. If the session chair has time, they will ask the question on your behalf. Authors have been asked to check their channel for questions, so you can engage with the authors that way if not in person.  
 LCTES will be streamed to YouTube, and accessible to everyone (Tutorials are not streamed by our video team, but organizers may have made their own arrangements).  
 Each session will be streamed separately. The link to LCTES live stream will be visible at the top of the LCTES Discord channel and in the schedule.  
 We have paid for live subtitling of the main PLDI tracks.  
 Engaging in Q&A (Discord)   
 We encourage remote attendees to engage with talks via Discord (details below in the “Using Discord”  section).  
 Using Discord   
 As an affiliated conference, LCTES will use PLDI’s Discord server for virtual engagement. Discord is a social media platform that supports text, voice, and video chats. This section of the guide gives a brief overview of how we’ll use it and pointers to more general tips on how to use Discord.  
 Key information:  
 Our conference is completely | open and free for virtual attendees | , so our Discord server is open to everyone. 
  Please use this link  to join the PLDI’23 Discord server. 
  You can use Discord entirely | from the browser, or via an app | you install. 
  We have | one channel for each technical session | . Use that channel to engage virtually with the authors and other attendees. 
 You first need to open user settings. At the lower left corner, you should see a small icon with your avatar and your Discord username, with a gear symbol to the right of it. If you click on the gear icon, it will open user settings.  
 On the left-hand side, you’ll see menu options. Select “Profiles”.  
 First, update your nickname. Under “Profiles”, select the “Server Profiles” tab, and ensure that the server is “PLDI 2023” under “Choose a server” like this  , and then edit your “Server Nickname” to be your preferred name, including your pronouns if you wish.  
 Next, update your avatar if you wish. Under “Profiles”, select “User Profile” and under “Avatar” select “Change Avatar”.  
 Click on the “X” at the top right to exit the user settings dialogue.  
 PLDI’s Discord Setup   
 The most important thing to know is that we’ll have a text channel for each session, and that’s the place to go to engage with the speakers at that session. You’ll find them listed under “PLDI MAIN TRACK”, “ISMM & LCTES”, and “WORKSHOPS AND TUTORIALS” respectively, as shown here  . You’ll see one channel per session for PLDI, ISMM, and LCTES and one per event for the workshops and tutorials.  
 We also have a number of other channels, including ones for general questions (#general) and for social events.  
 Discord Etiquette   
 To help make the platform friendly and engaging, we encourage you to clearly identify yourself (see notes above on editing your profile).  
 PLDI is committed to creating a safe and respectful environment for everyone. This includes conversations on Discord. Please be respectful and kind in your interactions on Discord.  
 Discord for talk Q&A   
 You can use Discord to ask questions of the authors, before the talk, during the talk, and after the talk, whether you are on-site or remote. When time permits, during each live post-talk Q&A, session chairs will be able to consult Discord and read questions on behalf of the person who posted it. Authors are encouraged to go to Discord after their talk and respond to follow-up questions.  
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Mon 15 May 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline 
 Fri 12 May 2023  
  Artifact decision 
 Mon 1 May 2023  
  Artifact submission deadline 
 Mon 24 Apr 2023  
  Paper notification 
 Fri 24 Mar 2023  
  Paper submission deadline 
 Submission Link   
  PLDI 2023   
   Support page    
 Tracks  
 FCRC   
  PLDI Research Papers   
  Social   
  Research Artifacts   
  SRC   
  Volunteering   
  W@PLDI   
  LGBTQ+ Lunch   
  SIGPLAN    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ISMM 2023   
  LCTES 2023   
  Workshops  
 ARRAY 2023   
  ASA 2023   
  CSC 2023   
  CTSTA 2023   
  DRAGSTERS 2023   
  EGRAPHS 2023   
  Infer 2023   
  PLARCH 2023   
  PLMW@PLDI 2023   
  SOAP 2023    
 Attending  
 Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott   
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide   
  Registration   
  Code of Conduct   
