PLDI 2023   Sat 17 - Wed 21 June 2023 Orlando, Florida, United States    
 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott 
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide 
  Registration 
  Code of Conduct 
  Volunteers 
  Childcare 
  Program | PLDI Program 
  Your Program 
   Sat 17 Jun 
  Sun 18 Jun 
  Mon 19 Jun 
  Tue 20 Jun 
  Wed 21 Jun 
  Tracks | PLDI 2023 
  FCRC 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Social 
  Research Artifacts 
  SRC 
  Volunteering 
  W@PLDI 
  LGBTQ+ Lunch 
  SIGPLAN 
  Infer 
  PLARCH 
  PLMW@PLDI 
  SOAP 
  Organization | PLDI 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Research Artifacts 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  PLARCH | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLMW@PLDI | Organizing Committee 
  SOAP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Series | Series 
  PLDI 2024 
  PLDI 2023 
  PLDI 2022 
  Sign up 
  PLDI 2023  ( series  ) /  PLDI Workshops and Tutorials  
 About 
 Call for Workshops and Tutorials  
 PLDI 2023 is a world-class forum for researchers and practitioners in programming language design and implementation. As in previous years, PLDI is soliciting proposals for co-located workshops and tutorials that will take place on Saturday June 17th, and Sunday June 18th  . Please propose your workshop or tutorial via the submission system.  
 The following details will be asked on submission:  
 Name of the workshop/tutorial. 
  Duration of the workshop/tutorial. 
  Event format: workshop/tutorial; type of submissions, if any; review process; results dissemination. 
  Expected attendance and target audience within the PLDI community. 
  How you plan to foster an inclusive environment and promote a diverse attendance. 
  Information on any previous iterations of the workshop or tutorial. 
  Note:  Workshops must make their own acceptance decisions by April 21, 2023  if there will be proceedings (final versions due May 5, 2023  ), or by May 5, 2023  if they do not have proceedings.  
 Submission   
 Workshops that would like their proceedings included in the ACM Digital Library must submit a proposal by November 18, 2022  .  
 Workshops and tutorials that will have no formal proceedings should submit a proposal by November 30, 2022  .  
 Review   
 Proposals are reviewed by the Workshop and Tutorials Chairs, and if necessary, by the PLDI general chair.  
 Proposals will be evaluated according to the relevance of the topic, the expertise and experience of the workshop organizers, and their potential to attract participants. 
  Proposals submitted between November 18th and 30th will be evaluated on a first-come-first-served basis. 
  Notification   
 We will notify workshop/tutorial acceptance by December 9th  .  
 Timeline   
 Submission deadline (with proceedings): November 18   
 Submission deadline (no proceedings): November 30   
 Notification: December 9   
 Dissemination   
 A proposal should clearly state how the results of the workshop — i.e., published papers and other outcomes — will be made available to participants and others before and after the workshop event. The Workshops and Tutorials Chair will provide guidance to the organizers of accepted workshops that wish to publish proceedings in the ACM Digital Library. For those that choose to publish their papers in ACM Digital Library, please add the following text in the workshop call for papers and on the website:  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. (For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.)  
 Workshops that elect to publish proceedings can do so in the ACM Digital Library with sponsoring by SIGPLAN. The application for SIGPLAN sponsorship includes reviewing the proposed program committee with the SIGPLAN Executive Committee, a process which the chairs will help facilitate.  
 Workshop Co-Chairs   
 Workshop Speaker's Guide  
 PLDI’23 Workshop Speaker’s Guide   
 This document is for those presenting a paper at a PLDI’23 workshop ( ARRAY  , ASA  , CSC  , DRAGSTERS  , EGRAPHS  , Infer  , PLARCH  , PLMW  , or SOAP  ). There are separate guides for PLDI, ISMM, and LCTES speakers.  
 Congratulations on being a presenter! This document will help ensure your presentation runs smoothly and has the best possible audience impact. Please read it in its entirety.  
 Checklist   
 Before PLDI:  
 Prepare and | practice | . 
  Ensure that | your talk runs for the correct duration | (be sure to check). 
 Video Consent   
 All workshop talks will be streamed via Discord and YouTube, and will be available later via SIGPLAN’s YouTube channel. All speakers must therefore consent to being recorded.  
 If you are participating in ARRAY or SOAP, which have published proceedings, then you will have completed the consent form when you finalized your paper with the publisher.  
 If you are participating in any other workshop, you will need to complete the ACM video consent form  and upload it using this Google form  .  
 Preparing Your Talk   
 Format: your presentation must be saved as a powerpoint or pdf file (sorry!) 
  Naming: 
  For ARRAY and SOAP, please use the paper ID assigned to you by the publisher (e.g. <paper ID>.[ppt,pptx,pdf]) 
  For all other workshops, please use the workshop name followed by speaker name in lower case with a [ppt,pptx,pdf] suffix (e.g. <arrray-smith.pptx). 
 Your talk will be streamed to Discord and YouTube. Your remote audience will be able to write questions in the Discord channel created for your session (they won’t be able to ask questions via audio or video). They should see your slides, and a video feed of you speaking.. As mentioned above, your session chair may relay questions from Discord.  
 Remote Presenters   
 Authors are expected to be present at the conference. If it is impossible for any of the authors to attend PLDI in person, you will need to have informed your program chair well in advance, and they may make special arrangements for you to present remotely.  
 The following notes apply only to those who have received permission from their program chair to present remotely. You should have been in direct contact with the PLDI video team on Discord.   
 Discord   
 We will use Discord as the virtual platform for this conference. You should familiarize yourself with Discord as an audience member well before your talk. We will use it for: a) the remote audience, b) delivery of remote talks, and c) communicating logistics.  
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     
 Sat 17 - Sun 18 Jun 2023  
  Workshops and Tutorials 
 Fri 9 Dec 2022  
  Workshop/tutorial acceptance notification 
 Wed 30 Nov 2022  
  Workshop/tutorial submission (without proceedings) 
 Fri 18 Nov 2022  
  Workshop submission (with proceedings) 
 Submission Link   
   Submit proposal     
  PLDI 2023   
   Support page    
 Tracks  
 FCRC   
  PLDI Research Papers   
  Social   
  Research Artifacts   
  SRC   
  Volunteering   
  W@PLDI   
  LGBTQ+ Lunch   
  SIGPLAN    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ISMM 2023   
  LCTES 2023   
  Workshops  
 ARRAY 2023   
  ASA 2023   
  CSC 2023   
  CTSTA 2023   
  DRAGSTERS 2023   
  EGRAPHS 2023   
  Infer 2023   
  PLARCH 2023   
  PLMW@PLDI 2023   
  SOAP 2023    
 Attending  
 Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott   
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide   
  Registration   
  Code of Conduct   
