Pattern Languages of Programs Conference 2023 October 22-25, 2023   
 PLoP'23 
  Registration 
  Program 
 PROGRAM  
 Pattern Languages of Programs (PLoP TM  ) conference is the premier event for pattern authors and pattern enthusiasts to gather, discuss and learn more about patterns and software development.  
 The conference program is being completed, and this page will be updated as more details are known.  
 conference at a glance | ; 
  schedule | ; 
  keynotes | ; 
  games and art school | ; 
  accepted papers | : for | Writers' Workshops 
  Conference at a Glance   
 PLoP and the Bootcamp will be held at Allerton Park, Monticello, Illinois, USA.  
 Schedule   
  Click here for a PDF of the schedule.   
 "Prompt Patterns for Large Language Models" [Focus Group 3] 
 The world is rapidly adapting to advances in generative AI, and Large Language Models (LLMs), such as ChatGPT, Claude, Bard, and more, are leading this paradigm shift. One area that has been underexplored is "Prompt Engineering," which involves creating effective instructions to guide LLMs for desired outputs. This focus group aims to delve deeper into "Prompt Patterns"—a concept that draws heavily on 30+ years of experience with software patterns—that aid in creating more efficient and reusable solutions when interacting with LLMs. The following are some activities this focus group will engage in during PLoP 2023:  
 Pattern Identification and Categorization: Participants will split into small groups and identify common "prompt patterns" they've found effective in various use cases. Afterwards, we’ll regroup to share, categorize, and create a collaborative library of these patterns. 
  Live Prompt Engineering Session: We’ll present a real-world problem that requires the aid of an LLM for a solution. The focus group will engage in real-time in crafting and refining prompts. The objective is to assess the efficacy of pre-identified patterns in practical settings. 
 "Improving Your Papers with Academic Writing Patterns" [Focus Group 6] 
 In this focus group, participants will learn and talk about writing academic papers and how to improve their papers using Academic Writing Patterns (Adachi et al., 2023). Academic Writing Patterns is a pattern language for writing great academic papers. In Writer’s Workshops during PLoP conferences, discussions are more based on the content of the paper and patterns presented in the paper. With Academic Writing Patterns and this workshop, participants can learn how and what are important practices when writing academic papers that are structured and expressed in a way that is easy to understand and use, as well as making sure the content has novelty and originality. 
 "Learning about Organizational Patterns from Drama Patterns" [Focus Group 7] 
 Games 
 The PLoP Games Master is Christian Kohls  (see schedule) 
 Christian Kohls  PhD is a professor for computer science and socio-technical systems at Germany’s largest university of applied sciences, the TH Köln. Patterns are a big part of his life – including software patterns, educational patterns, and patterns for creative thinking. Being a regular PLoP participant he never misses a game session – for the fun, inspiration and community building. 
 Art School   
 Art School 
 At PLoP we believe that creativity knows no bounds. As you prepare to embark on a journey of exploration, learning, and connection, we invite you to immerse yourself in the vibrant world of art activities that will unfold throughout our three unforgettable days together. More information about the Art School can be found here. 
 Rebecca Rikner  is a bridge builder, change agent, award-winning graphic designer, and author of the book Design Thinking—The Key to Enterprise Agility, Innovation, and Sustainability. She has been part of the PLoP family for over twenty years. 
 Accepted Papers   
 All accepted papers are organized into Writer's Workshops. You need to download and read the papers from your group before the conference. The papers can be downloaded from here.   
 All of the Writer’s Workshop Groups for PLoP 2023 have uniques names. To see where they came from and why are we using them click here.  [ High Quality  ]  
 Writers' Workshops 
  by Yuma Takai, Hironori Washizaki, Nobukazu Yoshioka, and Yoshiaki Fukazawa 
 PLoP® is a trademark of Hillside Group  . To keep up on the latest information, follow the official twitter-feed: @PLoPconf  or subscribe to plop-announce-subscribe@hillside.net  .