  SIGMOD PC 
  SIGMOD ARC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  Awards 
  Panel Discussions 
  PODS Program  
 Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Keynote Talk 
  Invited Tutorials 
  Gems of PODS 
  Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  Follow me on Twitter  
 Tweets by SIGMOD/PODS 2023   
 2023 ACM SIGMOD/PODS @Seattle, WA, USA  
 Welcome  
 Welcome to the home of the 2023 ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference, to be held in the Seattle metropolitan area, Washington, USA, on June 18 - June 23, 2023.  
 The Proceedings.  PACMMOD V1 publication containing peer reviewed research track and industrial papers can be accessed here  . The companion proceeding containing all other contributions can be accessed here  .  
 The Conference.  The annual ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference is a leading international forum for database researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to explore cutting-edge ideas and results, and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences. The conference includes a fascinating technical program with research and industrial talks, tutorials, demos, and focused workshops. It also hosts a poster session to learn about innovative technology, an industrial exhibition to meet companies and publishers, and a careers-in-industry panel with representatives from leading companies.  
 The Seattle Metropolitan Area.  With everything from unrivaled natural beauty and world-class attractions to major sports teams, a thriving arts and culture scene, and beyond, there’s always something to do in Seattle. Whether you’re looking for budget-friendly finds or on the hunt for the latest Instagram-worthy vista, the Emerald City has you covered. While here, you can meet artisan makers, shop indie boutiques and designer fashions, admire priceless works of art, sing your heart out at a karaoke club, explore like a local in the city’s diverse neighborhoods, and enjoy nature—all without ever having to leave the city. No matter what you’re looking for, the perfect adventure awaits!  
 The Conference Hotel.  The conference will be held in the Hyatt Regency Bellevue  hotel. The conference venue is located on Seattle’s Eastside in the heart of Bellevue’s Shopping, Dining and Entertainment district, The Bellevue Collection. With its small-town charm and big city convenience, Bellevue, Washington is a modern oasis with endless activities and cultural attractions sprinkled in. Located nine miles from downtown Seattle, Hyatt Regency Bellevue connects you to world-class shopping, dining, entertainment, and major corporate headquarters. Visitors will also enjoy the natural beauty and scenery and the abundance of outdoor recreational activities nearby.  
 The Conference Format.  Please refer to Conference Format  for more details about how the conference will be organized.  
  Sihem Amer-Yahia   
 PODS General Chair   
  Floris Geerts   
  PODS Program Chair   
  Hung Ngo   
  SIGMOD/PODS 2023 Anti-Harassment Policy  
 SIGMOD 2023 adheres to the ACM Policy Against Harassment  . Any participant who experiences unacceptable behavior may contact any current member of the SIGMOD Executive Committee  and the PODS Executive Committee  or DBCares  . Please be assured that if you approach us, your concerns will be kept in strict confidence, and we will consult with you on any actions taken.  
  SIGMOD/PODS 2023: Sponsors  
 Diamond Sponsors   
