Skip to content    
 IFIP 8.1 PoEM 2023   
        Home 
  Open calls | Call For Papers 
  Call For Workshops 
  PoEM Forum Call for Papers 
  Call For Modeling Tool Presentations – Show Me What You Got (for Modeling) 
  Organization 
 Call For Papers  
 16th IFIP WG 8.1 Working Conference on the Practice of Enterprise Modeling (PoEM)  
 November 29 -December 1, 2023  
 Vienna, Austria   
 Conference Scope  
 The PoEM working conference aims to improve the understanding of the practice of Enterprise Modeling (EM) by offering a forum for sharing experiences and knowledge between the academic community and practitioners from industry and the public sector. The 16th edition of the conference will take place in Vienna, Austria, from November 29 to December 1, 2023, it will be hosted by the Business Informatics Group of the TU Wien.  
 PoEM 2023 invites you to contribute by submitting paper(s) on topics related to Enterprise Modeling. This year, the theme of the conference is Enterprise Modeling in the Circular Economy. The theme reflects the importance of Enterprise Modeling methods, techniques and tools to enable enterprises to move to sustainable business and operating models taking into account environmental, social and economical concerns. The field of Enterprise Modeling should seek to support these challenges by providing methods and tools, as well as investigating and reporting on the current state-of-research and state-of-practice.  
 In addition to the above main theme, PoEM 2023 welcomes submissions addressing the following (non-exhaustive) list of topics:  
 Enterprise Modeling Foundations:  
 Modeling Theory 
 Conference proceedings guidelines    
 Papers have to be submitted in PDF using the EasyChair submission page:  
 Submission page    
 All submissions must be unpublished and not be under review elsewhere. Submissions will be reviewed by at least three members of the Program Committee. At least one author of an accepted paper should register for the conference and present the paper.  
 After the conference, selected papers will be invited to submit their extended versions to a Special Section in SoSym (International Journal on Software and Systems Modeling).  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract submission deadline | (extended) | : | 5 July 2023 | 19 July 2023 
  Paper submission deadline | (extended) | : | 12 July 2023 | 26 July 2023 
  Author notification: | 6 September | 2023 
  Camera-ready version deadline: | 27 September | 2023 
  Conference: | November 29 — December 1 | , 2023 
  (all deadlines Anywhere on Earth)