  Membership 
 Principles of Programming Languages (POPL)  
  Principles of Programming Languages symposium addresses fundamental principles and important innovations in the design, definition analysis, and implementation of programming languages, programming systems, and programming interfaces. POPL is in-cooperation with SIGACT  and SIGLOG  .  
 POPL Awards   
 Each year a “Most Influential” POPL paper is chosen and a presentation is made at POPL. More details about this award and past winning papers can be found here  . POPL also honors several Distinguished Papers  from each program; they are listed in the POPL programs, and the process for choosing them is given in the Principles of POPL document (see below).  
 SIGPLAN also makes several other awards, many of which have been awarded at POPL. Please consider making a nomination for one of these awards. More details about the SIGPLAN awards can be found here  .  
 POPL Steering Committee   
 The POPL Steering Committee is constituted by the following members:  
 current SIGPLAN Chair and Vice Chair, 
  three members at large who sit for three years 
  Industrial Relation Chair who sits for three years and is chosen among the three members at large 
  three most recent POPL General Chairs, and 
  three most recent POPL Program Chairs. 
  The General Chair and Program Committee Chair of the next edition of POPL are invited to join the Steering Committee as observers as soon as they are chosen.  
 The current POPL steering committee is:  
 Andrew Myers  (Cornell University) | , SIGPLAN Chair 
  Anders Møller  (Aarhus University) | , SIGPLAN Vice Chair 
  Andrew Myers  , 2023 General Chair 
  Amal Ahmed  , 2023 Program Chair 
  Philippa Gardner  , 2024 General Chair 
  Derek Dreyer  , 2024 Program Chair 
  Principles of POPL   
 Up-to-date organizational and reviewing policies of POPL are exposed in Principles of POPL  .  
  Web Pages of Previous Conferences   
 POPL 2023 | (Boston, MA) 
  POPL 2022 | (Philadelphia, PA) 
