Top  PPDP | SPLASH    
 News  Registration  Invited Speakers  Program  Accepted Papers  Program Committee  Important Dates  Proceedings  Contact    
    25th International Symposium on  
  Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming  
 PPDP 2023   
 October 22-23, 2023 - Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal  
 Collocated with SPLASH   
  News  
  The PPDP 2023 proceedings are now available | here | . 
  Program is now available | here | . 
  Registration is now open | here | . 
  The list of accepted papers is now available | here | . 
  Selected papers will be invited to the Journal of Functional Programming (JFP) or the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP). 
  Proceedings will be published in the ACM Digital Library within the ACM International Conference Proceedings Series. 
  Submission page is available | here | . 
  Conference is In-Cooperation with ACM, SIGPLAN, and SIGLOG. 
  Program Committee announced. 
  Overview of PPDP 2023  
  PPDP aims to provide a forum that brings together researchers from the declarative programming communities, including those working in the logic, constraint and functional programming paradigms, but also embracing a variety of other paradigms such as visual programming, executable specification languages, database languages, AI languages and knowledge representation languages used, for example, in the semantic web.  
 The goal is to stimulate research in the use of logical formalisms and methods for specifying, performing, and analysing computations, including mechanisms for mobility, modularity, concurrency, object-orientation, security, and static analysis. Papers related to the use of declarative paradigms and tools in industry and education are especially solicited.  
 Scope  
  Tools and Applications: programming and proof environments; verification tools; case studies in proof assistants or interactive theorem provers; certification; novel applications of declarative programming inside and outside of CS; declarative programming pearls; practical experience reports and industrial application; education. 
  The PC chair will be happy to advise on the appropriateness of a topic.  
 PPDP 2023 will be held in Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal. Previous symposia were held at Tbilisi (Georgia)  , Tallinn (Estonia)  , Bologna (Italy)  , Porto (Portugal)  , Frankfurt am Main (Germany)  , Namur (Belgium)  , Edinburgh (UK)  , Siena (Italy)  , Canterbury (UK)  , Madrid (Spain)  , Leuven (Belgium)  , Odense (Denmark)  , Hagenberg (Austria)  , Coimbra (Portugal)  , Valencia (Spain)  , Wroclaw (Poland)  , Venice (Italy)  , Lisboa (Portugal)  , Verona (Italy)  , Uppsala (Sweden)  , Pittsburgh (USA)  , Florence (Italy)  , Montréal (Canada)  , and Paris (France)  .  
  Registration  
  Registration for PPDP 2023 is available at the SPLASH 2023 website   
  Invited Speakers  
  Times in the schedule are WEST  (Western European Summer Time), i.e., local to Cascais.  
 Sunday 22 October 2023 
 Session 1 
 Monday 23 October 2023 
 Session 5 
  Important Dates  
  15.05.2023  - AoE title and abstract submission  
  22.05.2023  - AoE paper submission  
  16.07.2023  - Notification  
  30.07.2023  - Final paper  
  22.10.2023  - Conference starts  
  Call for Papers  
  The Call for Papers can be found here   
  Submission Categories & Guidelines  
  Submission page is available via EasyChair  .  
  Selected papers will be invited to the Journal of Functional Programming (JFP) or the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP).  
  Submission Categories  
 Submissions can be made in three categories: regular Research Papers  , System Descriptions  , and Experience Reports  .  
 Submissions of Research Papers  must present original research which is unpublished and not submitted elsewhere. They must not exceed 12 pages ACM style 2-column (including figures, but excluding bibliography). Work that already appeared in unpublished or informally published workshop proceedings may be submitted (please contact the PC chair in case of questions). Research papers will be judged on originality, significance, correctness, clarity, and readability.  
 Submission of System Descriptions  must describe a working system whose description has not been published or submitted elsewhere. They must not exceed 10 pages and should contain a link to a working system. System Descriptions must be marked as such at the time of submission and will be judged on originality, significance usefulness, clarity, and readability.  
 Submissions of Experience Reports  are meant to help create a body of published, refereed, citable evidence where declarative programming such as functional, logic, answer-set, constraint programming, etc., is used in practice. They must not exceed 5 pages including references  . Experience Reports must be marked as such at the time of submission and need not report original research results. They will be judged on significance usefulness, clarity, and readability.  
 Possible topics for an Experience Report include, but are not limited to:  
 insights gained from real-world projects using declarative programming 
  novel use of declarative programming in the classroom 
  programming pearl that illustrates a nifty new data structure or programming technique. 
  Supplementary material may be provided via a link to an extended version of the submission (recommended), or in a clearly marked appendix beyond the above-mentioned page limits. Reviewers are not required to study extended versions or any material beyond the respective page limit. Material beyond the page limit will not be included in the final published version.  
 Format of a submission  
 Requirements for publication  
 At least one author of each accepted submission will be expected to attend and present the work at the conference. The pc chair may retract a paper that is not presented. The pc chair may also retract a paper if complaints about the paper's correctness are raised which cannot be resolved by the final paper deadline.  
 Review process  
 The reviewing is single-blind.   
  Proceedings  
  The PPDP 2023 proceedings are available here   
  Contact  
