PPoPP 2023   Sat 25 February - Wed 1 March 2023 Montreal, Canada    
 Toggle navigation        
  Student Travel Grant 
  Local Info 
  Program | PPoPP Program 
  Your Program 
   Sat 25 Feb 
  Sun 26 Feb 
  Mon 27 Feb 
  Tue 28 Feb 
  Wed 1 Mar 
  Tracks | PPoPP 2023 
  Keynotes 
  Main Conference 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Co-located Conferences 
  Organization | PPoPP 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Series | Series 
  PPoPP 2024 
  PPoPP 2023 
  PPoPP 2022 
 Chinatown  
 Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming 2023  
 PPoPP is the premier forum for leading work on all aspects of parallel programming, including theoretical foundations, techniques, languages, compilers, runtime systems, tools, and practical experience. In the context of the symposium, “parallel programming” encompasses work on concurrent and parallel systems (multicore, multi-threaded, heterogeneous, clustered, and distributed systems; grids; datacenters; clouds; and large scale machines). Given the rise of parallel architectures in the consumer market (desktops, laptops, and mobile devices) and data centers, PPoPP is particularly interested in work that addresses new parallel workloads and issues that arise out of extreme-scale applications or cloud platforms, as well as techniques and tools that improve the productivity of parallel programming or work towards improved synergy with such emerging architectures.  
 View the track page for all the details of the main conference.  
 Proceedings will be available in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Best Paper  
 Provably Fast and Space-Efficient Parallel Biconnectivity   
 Lukas Breitwieser (European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), ETH Zurich), Ahmad Hesam (Delft University of Technology), Fons Rademakers (CERN), Juan Gómez Luna (ETH Zurich), Onur Mutlu (ETH Zurich)  
 PPoPP Program  
 Click here  for the full PPoPP23 program.  
 Registration  
 Early registration ends on Jan 31, 2023.   
 Click here  to register for PPoPP’23.  
 Important Dates  
 Full paper submission: August 17, 2022 
  Author response period: October 26–October 28, 2022 
  Author notification: November 7, 2022 
  Artifact submission to AE committee: November 16, 2022 
  Artifact notification by AE committee: December 30, 2022 
  Final paper due: January 6, 2023 
  All deadlines are at midnight anywhere on earth (AoE), and are firm.  
 More information from here   
 Code of Conduct  
 The open exchange of ideas and the freedom of thought and expression are central to the aims and goals of SIGPLAN; these require an environment that recognizes the inherent worth of every person and group, that fosters dignity, understanding, and mutual respect, and that embraces diversity. For these reasons, SIGPLAN is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience, and abides by the ACM Policy Against Discrimination and Harassment at ACM Activities  .  
 Conference participants violating these standards may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference, at the discretion of the conference organizers. Conference organizers are requested to report serious incidents to the SIGPLAN Vice Chair.  
  PPoPP 2023 Tracks   
 Keynotes  | Main Conference  | Workshops and Tutorials  | Artifact Evaluation  | Co-located Conferences    
   Posts   
 PPoPP Conference    
 Supporters   
  PPoPP 2023   
  contact form    
