Home  History  Proceedings  Best Papers  Organizing PROFES  Sponsors  Steering Committee  Code Of Conduct  Contacts  Imprint  Data Protection    
 Latest News  
 Tweets by @PROFES_conf  Timeline does not work with some privacy tools.  
 PROFES  
 PROFES, the International Conference on on Product-Focused Software Process Improvement, is among the top recognized software development and process improvement conferences.  
 The objective of the International Conference on Product-Focused Software Process Improvement (PROFES) is to provide a premier forum for practitioners, researchers, and educators to present and discuss experiences, ideas, innovations, as well as concerns related to professional software process improvement motivated by product ans service quality needs.  
 PROFES conferences encourage the exchange of ideas that help explore, understand, and model phenomena in software engineering from the point of view of process-product relationships. Traditionally, PROFES provides topics, which are up-to-date, important, and interesting to both practitioners and researchers. To ensure that PROFES will retain its high standards and that it will keep focusing on the most relevant research issues, we are looking for original research on current trends in software engineering aspects addressing products and services. Further, PROFES asks for studies reporting about the application of respective methods or technologies in real settings.  
 PROFES cares about fundamental ethical values related to diversity, as gender, ethnicity, disability, religion, and similar personal traits. Diversity will be sought at different levels, remarkably including conference committees' composition.  
 PROFES conference organizers will set as highest priority to provide a welcoming, respectful and positive atmosphere to all attendees. Aggressive or offensive language will not be allowed in talks, questions or answers. Aggressive or offensive behaviour, including any type of harassing, will not be allowed in the event, being a justified reason for expulsion without any compensation. For more details on PROFES Conferences Code of Conduct see here   
 All PROFES conference committees as well as authors are obliged to follow and apply the Ethical Guideline as available at SPRINGER  (replacing journal by conference).  
 On this web site you can find information about the PROFES conference series as well as useful information for organizing a future PROFES conference.  
 PROFES 2023 (24th Edition - took place as a physical event)  
 PROFES 2023  : 11th-13rd December, 2023  
  Dornbirn, Austria PROFES 2024 (25th Edition)  
 PROFES 2024  : first or second week of December, 2024  
  Tartu, Estonia  
  please follow our twitter channel for any news.  
