 To provide focus for the very broad area of biological computing, PSB is organized into a series of specific sessions. Each session will involve both formal research presentations and open discussion groups.  
 AI and Machine Learning in Clinical Medicine: Generative and Interactive Systems at the Human-Machine Interface 
  Earth Friendly Computation: Applying Indigenous Data Lifecycles in Medical and Sovereign AI 
  Papers and posters  
 The core of the conference consists of rigorously peer-reviewed full-length papers reporting on original work. All accepted papers will be published electronically and indexed in PubMed, and the best of these will be presented orally to the entire conference.  
 PSB's publisher, World Scientific Publishing (WSP), will initiate submission to PubMed Central (PMC)  for accepted papers that must comply with the NIH Public Access Policy  . Authors are responsible for ensuring that the manuscript is deposited into the NIHMS upon acceptance for publication. The author must complete all remaining steps in the NIHMS in order for the submission to be accepted.  
 Per WSP, authors may post their submitted manuscript (preprint)  at any time on their personal website, in their company or institutional repository, in not-for-profit subject-based preprint servers or repositories and on scholarly collaboration networks (SCNs) which have signed up to the STM sharing principles. Please provide the following applicable acknowledgement along with a link to the article via its DOI if available.  
 Authors are encouraged to submit preprints ( complete and unpublished manuscripts  ) to bioRxiv  and/or medRxiv  , these are online archives and distribution services operated by Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory for preprints in the life sciences and health sciences respectively. If you choose to submit your preprint, please ensure that the deposit is made at the time of the paper submission deadline rather than upon acceptance to avoid clashing with bioRxiv and medRxiv policies.   
 Researchers wishing to present their research at PSB without official publication are encouraged to submit a one page abstract by the abstract/poster submission deadline listed below to present their work in the poster sessions.  
 Important dates  
  Notification of paper acceptance: September 9, 2024   
 Please reference the PSB paper format template and instructions  .   
 The accepted file format is PDF (Adobe Acrobat preferred). Files should be named with the last name of the first author (e.g. altman.pdf). Hardcopy submissions or unprocessed TEX or LATEX files or electronic submissions not submitted through the paper management system  will be rejected without review.  
 Each paper must be accompanied by a cover letter. The cover letter should be the first page of your paper submission. The cover letter must state the following:   
 The email address of the corresponding author. 
  The specific PSB session that should review the paper. 
  The submitted paper contains original, unpublished results, and is not currently under consideration elsewhere. 
  All co-authors concur with the contents of the paper. 
 Contact PSB ( psb.hawaii @ gmail.com  ) for additional information about paper submission requirements.  
 Travel support  
 We have been able to offer partial travel support to many PSB attendees in the past. However, please note that no one is guaranteed travel support. The online travel support application form will open in August.  
 Each session has a chair who is responsible for organizing submissions. Please contact the specific session chair relevant to your interests for further information. Links on each of the session titles below lead to more detailed calls for participation for each session.  
  Email: francisco.delavega at stanford.edu 
  Back to the main PSB page