 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  26th International Symposium on Research in Attacks, Intrusions and Defenses (RAID 2023) 
 26th International Symposium on Research in Attacks, Intrusions and Defenses (RAID 2023)  
   Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong  
   Submission Deadline: Thursday 23 Mar 2023   
   Conference Dates: Oct 16, 2023 - Oct 18, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 Specific topics of interest to RAID include, but are not limited to:  
  Computer, network, and cloud computing security  
  Intrusion detection system (31.07%) 
  The aim of Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection is to expand the discussion of research in Computer security, Intrusion detection system, Malware, Data mining and Anomaly detection. The research on Computer security featured in the event combines topics in other fields like Software, The Internet, Host (network) and Internet privacy. Intrusion detection system research featured in Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection incorporates concerns from various other topics such as Computer network, Real-time computing and Embedded system.  
 The works on Computer network deal in particular with Network packet. The presentations focused mostly on Malware in an attempt to further explore topics in Operating system. The study on Data mining presented is investigated in conjunction with research in Set (abstract data type).  
 Artificial intelligence research discussed connects with the study of Pattern recognition.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection:  
 The published papers primarily tackle Intrusion detection system, Computer security, Data mining, Malware and Anomaly detection. While work presented in the most cited articles provide substantial information on Intrusion detection system, it also covers topics in Real-time computing, Network security and Network packet. The Exploit studies presented in the conference articles fall under the field of Computer security, but they also have connections to other fields such as Context (language use).  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Operating system 
  Computer network 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 The scientific interests tackled in Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection are Computer security, Cloud computing, Operating system, Malware and Android (operating system). While the event primarily focused on Computer security, it also opened dialogues on the discipline of Extortion. Some problems in Cloud computing that were presented in Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection overlapped with concepts under Virtual device, Distributed computing, Test case and Internet privacy.  
 Many of the research works in Operating system, specifically Hypervisor, Cloud computing security and Plaintext, closely connected to disciplines like Cold boot attack and Secure input and output handling. While it focused on Malware, it was also able to explore topics like Anomaly detection and Root cause. While work presented in Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection provided substantial information on Android (operating system), it also covered topics in Exploit, JavaScript and Implementation.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  CFI CaRE: Hardware-Supported Call and Return Enforcement for Commercial Microcontrollers (28 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
 The top authors publishing at Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection (based on the number of publications) are:  
 Salvatore J. Stolfo | (6 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Angelos Stavrou | (4 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition, 
  Syed Ali Khayam | (4 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Christopher Kruegel | (4 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Giovanni Vigna | (3 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
 Columbia University | (8 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  University of California, Santa Barbara | (5 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Chinese Academy of Sciences | (5 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 
  Georgia Institute of Technology | (5 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  George Mason University | (5 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 The 25th International Symposium on Research in Attacks, Intrusions and Defenses   
 Oct 26, 2022 - Oct 28, 2022  
 Limassol, Cyprus  
 26th International Symposium on Research in Attacks, Intrusions and Defenses (RAID 2023)   
 Oct 16, 2023 - Oct 18, 2023  
 Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong  
  Best Medical Assistant Schools & Programs in Vermont – How to Become a Medical Assistant in Vermont in 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 26th International Symposium on Research in Attacks, Intrusions and Defenses (RAID 2023)  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
