 The conference is known for the quality and thoroughness of the reviews of the papers submitted, the desire to build a bridge between research carried out in different communities, and the emphasis given on the need for sound experimental methods and measurement to improve the state of the art in cybersecurity.  
 This year we are soliciting research papers on topics covering all well-motivated computer security problems. We care about techniques that identify new real-world threats, techniques to prevent them, to detect them, to mitigate them or to assess their prevalence and their consequences. Measurement papers are encouraged, as well as papers offering public access to new tools or datasets, or experience papers that clearly articulate important lessons learned.  
 Specific topics of interest to RAID include, but are not limited to:  
 Computer, network, and cloud computing security 
  Malware and unwanted software 
  Anywhere on earth (UTC-12) 
 Notification to Authors: | Thursday, June 15, 2023 
 Camera Ready Submission Deadline: | Thursday, July 13, 2023 
 Conference: | October 16-18, 2023, Hong Kong, China 
  Submission Guidelines  
 Papers   
 Submissions must be a PDF file in double-column ACM format (see ACM Proceedings Template  , using the sigconf style  , e.g., \documentclass[sigconf, review, anonymous]{acmart}), no more than 12 pages long excluding the bibliography, well-marked appendices, and supplementary material. Note that reviewers are not required to read the appendices or any supplementary material. Authors should not change the font or the margins of the ACM format. Submissions not following the required format may be rejected without review.  
  Proceedings by ACM   
 Papers that have been formally reviewed and accepted will be presented at RAID 2023 and published at the International Conference Proceedings Series by ACM (ACM ICPS). By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present it.  
  Submission   
 Reviewing will be double-blind, meaning the authors’ identities will be hidden from the reviewers. All papers must be appropriately anonymized: author names or affiliations must not appear in the submission, you must refer to your own prior work in the third person, you should not give the paper a title that corresponds to a publicly available technical report, and should anonymize the bibliographic section in an appropriate manner, etc. Papers that are not properly anonymized may be rejected without review. While submitted papers must be anonymous, authors may choose to give talks about their work, post a preprint of the paper online, disclose security vulnerabilities to vendors or the public, etc. during the review process.  
 Disclose whether the research received approval or a waiver from each of the authors’ institutional ethics review boards (e.g., an IRB). 
  Discuss steps taken to ensure that participants and others who might have been affected by an experiment were treated ethically and with respect. 
  If the submission deals with vulnerabilities (e.g., software vulnerabilities in a given program or design weaknesses in a hardware system), the authors need to discuss in detail the steps they have already taken or plan to take to address these vulnerabilities (e.g., by disclosing vulnerabilities to the vendors). The same applies if the submission deals with personally identifiable information (PII) or other kinds of sensitive data. If a paper raises significant ethical and legal concerns, it might be rejected based on these concerns.  
 Authors who are unsure whether their submissions might meet these guidelines, or who have specific questions about the guidelines, are welcome to contact the program committee chair at chairs@raid2023.org  .  
