  Photo Albums 
 RECOMB Satellite Meetings  
 RECOMB-Seq: RECOMB Satellite Conference on Biological Sequence Analysis  
 Website 
  Former Steering Committee Members: Inanc Birol, Michael Brudno, Eran Halperin, Pavel Pevzner, Benjamin Raphael, S. Cenk Şahinalp 
 RECOMB-CCB: RECOMB Satellite Conference on Computational Cancer Biology  
 This workshop brings together leading researchers in the mathematical, computational, and life sciences to discuss emerging frontiers in computational cancer research. Advent of exciting technologies such as single-cell multi-omics, spatial sequencing, and digital pathology opens new horizons for the analysis of tumor tissues. New analysis tools reveal novel aspects of cancer complexity, including the tumor mutational and phenotypic landscape, evolutionary history, or interactions with the microenvironment. The emphasis of all contributed work will be on applying algorithmic, mathematical, and statistical approaches to improve our understanding of cancer and on the development of useful, effective, and efficient new methods in this area.  
 Steering Committee: Joe Gray, Michael Hallett, Benjamin Raphael, Sohrab Shah, Zohar Yakhini 
 RECOMB-CG: RECOMB Satellite Conference on Comparative Genomics  
 The RECOMB-CG satellite conference brings together leading researchers in the mathematical, computational and life sciences to discuss cutting edge research in comparative genomics, with an emphasis on computational approaches and novel experimental results. The program includes invited speakers, contributed talks and poster sessions.  
 Contributions to the conference are welcomed on any theoretical and/or empirical approach to genome-wide comparison. Topics of interest include genome evolution, population genomics, genome rearrangements, genomic variation, diversity and dynamics, phylogenomics, comparative tools for genome assembly, comparison of functional networks, gene identification or annotation, cancer evolutionary genomics, comparative epigenomics, paleogenomics, phylodynamics and related areas. We encourage submissions that offer new biological findings or otherwise highlight their relevance to biology.  
 Steering Committee: Marília Braga, Dannie Durand, Jens Lagergren, Aoife McLysaght, Luay Nakhleh, David Sankoff 
 RECOMB-Genetics: RECOMB Satellite Conference on Computational Methods in Genetics  
 RECOMB Satellite on Computational Methods in Genetics will focus on current research at the intersection of genetics, computer science, statistics, and related fields in gathering and analyzing SNP and haplotype data and applying it to problems in medicine and basic research. Population genetics allows more refined understanding of the demographic history of our species, association analysis provides insights regarding the functional and molecular underpinnings of diseases and traits, while clinical applications suggest genetics as a trailblazer into personalized medicine. The complex bioinformatic questions arising range from inferring more nuanced statistical models of genetic information to algorithms that overcome the complexity challenges of analyzing millions of SNPs across millions of individuals, to systems level challenges of handling such Big Data repositories of genotypes and phenotypes.  
 RECOMB-BE: RECOMB Satellite Conference on Bioinformatics Education  
 RECOMB-BE focuses on bioinformatics education for undergraduate and graduate students, with a special emphasis on innovations in online learning, especially in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. Rapid advances in the life sciences and in related information technologies necessitate the ongoing refinement of bioinformatics education, training, and learning strategies in order to maintain their relevance and to enhance their effectiveness. In response to this need, RECOMB-BE addresses best practices in teaching bioinformatics and computational biology.  
 RECOMB Systems Biology  
 Website 
  Steering Committee: Bonnie Berger, Richard Bonneau, Christina Leslie, Andrea Califano, Manolis Kellis, Jian Ma, Saurabh Sinha, Lonnie Welch 
 RECOMB Satellite Conference on Computational Proteomics  
 The goal of this meeting is to bring together computational and experimental scientists in the area of computational proteomics and mass spectrometry to discuss current research directions and latest findings, as well as to establish new collaborations to meet the algorithmic and statistical challenges in high-throughput proteomics. Previous meetings are:  
 RECOMB-AB: RECOMB Satellite Conference on Open Problems in Algorithmic Biology  
 Website 
 RECOMB Satellite Workshops on Regulatory Genomics  
 The goal of the meeting is to bring together computational and experimental scientists in the area of regulatory genomics and systems biology, to discuss current research directions, latest findings, and establish new collaborations towards a systems-level understanding of gene regulation. Previous meetings are:  
 RECOMB SNPs and Haplotypes  
 This satellite conference was a precursor to RECOMB-Genetics and it focused on research at the intersection of genetics, computer science, statistics, and related fields in gathering and analyzing SNP and haplotype data and applying it to problems in medicine and basic research. Previous meetings are:  
 DNA Sequencing  
 This satellite conference was a precursor to RECOMB-Seq and it focused on DNA sequencing technologies. Previous meetings are:  
 RECOMB 2024 
 Policies  
 Conflict-of-interest Policy 
 © RECOMB Steering Committee. Based on Project Zeppelin  .