 home | RSS Proceedings 
  committees | Organizing Committee 
  RSS Foundation 
  information | Author Information 
  Call for Papers and Demos 
 Home   
  RSS Proceedings   
  information   
  Author Information   
  Call for Papers and Demos   
  committees   
  Organizing Committee   
  RSS Foundation   
  follow us   
 RSS is a single-track conference that connects researchers working on all aspects of robotics including scientific foundations, mechanisms, algorithms, applications, and analysis of robotic systems. The single-track format gives attendees an opportunity to learn about state-of-the-art research in all areas of robotics. The conference will consist of oral and poster presentations of accepted papers, demonstrations, invited talks, and panels.  
 The conference will preserve the RSS tradition of selecting excellent papers via a thorough and fair review process. Paper submissions will be evaluated in terms of their novelty, technical quality, significance, potential impact, and clarity.  
 The conference will include the category of Demo contributions, similar to conferences in related research areas, resulting in a Demo Track during the main conference.  
 Important Dates  
 Detailed submission instructions are available here  .   
  The review process will continue RSS’ strong tradition in emphasizing quality, fairness, and rigor. Reviews for RSS papers of all types, i.e., “science”, “systems” and “demo” papers, will remain blind. As in previous iterations of the conference, authors are encouraged to submit “systems” papers and the program committee will be encouraged to evaluate them by gauging their potential impact and usefulness to the community. 
 The conference includes a rebuttal stage. The submissions will undergo an initial review process and initial decisions will be announced by March 17  . The submissions above the threshold will have one week to prepare a short rebuttal to address the reviewers’ and Area Chair’s concerns and provide clarifications. An Area Chair meeting will finalize decisions, taking into account both the initial reviews and the rebuttal, by April 10  . 
  Subject Areas  
 RSS seeks high-quality research papers and demos that introduce new ideas and stimulate future trends in robotics. We invite paper and demo submissions in all areas of robotics, including:  
 Assembly, Logistics and Manufacturing; 
  Assistive, Entertainment and Service Robots; 
