 Skip to navigation     
 Declarative AI 2023   Home 
  Events | RuleML+RR 
  DecisionCAMP 
  Sponsorship 
 Declarative AI 2023     
 Home 
  Events | RuleML+RR 
  Sponsorship 
 RuleML+RR 2023   
 the 7th International Joint Conference on Rules and Reasoning   
 Oslo, Norway   
 18 - 20 September 2023   
 Call for papers    
 Call Summary    
 The 7th International Joint Conference on Rules and Reasoning (  RuleML+RR 2023) aims to bring together rigorous researchers and inventive practitioners, interested in the foundations and applications of rules and reasoning in academia, industry, engineering, business, finance, healthcare and other application areas. It provides a forum for stimulating cooperation and cross-fertilization between the many different communities focused on the research, development and applications of rule-based systems. High-quality papers related to theoretical advances, novel technologies, and artificial intelligence applications that involve rule-based representation and reasoning are  solicited  .   
 Topics    
  Production & business rule systems 
 Submission and Publication    
 High-quality papers related to theoretical advances, novel technologies, and artificial intelligence applications concerning explainable algorithmic decision-making that involve rule-based representation and reasoning are solicited.   
 We accept the following submission formats for papers:   
 Long papers (up to 15 pages in   LNCS style   including references) 
  Short papers (up to 8 pages in   LNCS style   including references) 
 Submitted papers must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference/workshop with formal proceedings. Double submission to a workshop with informal proceedings is allowed. Papers put on arXiv are also allowed as long as they are not refereed (i.e., formally reviewed by peers). Submissions to the RuleML+RR conference   
 have the page limit of 15 (/8) pages including references 
  are  not  anonymous 
  additional material can be included as an external report. Appendices to the submission are  not  permitted. 
 In addition to regular submissions, RuleML+RR 2023 will include the   
 17th International Rule Challenge   and   
 the  7th Doctoral Consortium    
 which will have their own proceedings published in   CEUR   . RuleML+RR 2023 is co-located with   DecisionCAMP 2023   and the   19th Reasoning Web Summer School (RW 2023)   .   
 The best paper will be awarded the RuleML+RR Harold Boley Distinguished Paper award  and best student paper will be awarded  RuleML+RR Best Student  Paper award.   
 Important Dates    
 May 20th  ,  June 17th,  2023: Title and abstract submission (  EXTENDED  ) 
  May 27th  , June 17th, 2023: Paper submission deadline (  EXTENDED  ) 
  July 1st  , July 20th, 2023: Notification of acceptance (  EXTENDED  ) 
  September 18th-20th, 2023: Conference 
