 23rd International Conference on Runtime Verification  
 3 - 6 October 2023, Thessaloniki, Greece  
 CALL FOR PAPERS    
 Thessaloniki  
 The 23rd International Conference on Runtime Verification (RV'23) will take place in Thessaloniki, Greece, on October 3 - 6, 2023.  
 News  
 📣 RV’23 program is now online  .  
  Social dinner (October 5th) options - Participants fill in the form  .   
 📣 RV’23 Special Issue: A Special Issue on RV’23 has been planned in the International Journal on Software Tools for Technology Transfer (STTT)  with extended versions of the best regular papers.   
 📣 RV’23 Keynote talk  : Monitoring of Learning-Enabled Components  , Saddek Bensalem, Universirsité Grenoble Alpes.   
 📣 RV’23 Keynote talk  : Compositional Verification and Run-time Monitoring for Learning-Enabled Autonomous Systems  , Corina Pasareanu, NASA Ames.   
 Objectives and Scope  
 Runtime verification is concerned with the monitoring and analysis of the runtime behaviour of software and hardware systems. Runtime verification techniques are crucial for system correctness, reliability, and robustness; they provide an additional level of rigor and effectiveness compared to conventional testing and are generally more practical than exhaustive formal verification. Runtime verification can be used prior to deployment, for testing verification, and debugging purposes, and after deployment for ensuring reliability, safety, and security and for providing fault containment and recovery as well as online system repair. The topics of the conference include, but are not limited to: specification languages for monitoring 
  Application areas of runtime verification include cyber-physical systems, autonomous systems safety/mission critical systems, enterprise and systems software, cloud systems, reactive control systems, health management and diagnosis systems, and system security and privacy.  
 Please see the Call for Papers  for more details.  
 The RV 2023 conference is sponsored by:  
 IMPORTANT DATES  
 Paper submission: | May 15, 2023 | 4 June 2023 AoE 
  Author notification: | June 30, 2023 | 7 July 2023 AoE 
  Camera-ready version: Jul 30, 2023 AoE 
  Early/Author Registration: Aug 15, 2023 AoE 
  Conference date: Oct 3-6, 2023 
 SUBMISSIONS  
  Benchmark Papers: | up to 8 pages | extended to 10 pages 
  Tutorial Papers: up to 20 pages 
  Papers may be submitted using the EasyChair submission page here  .  Submissions are closed.   
 PROGRAM CHAIRS  
 Panagiotis Katsaros  , Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece  
 Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece 2023