  SSL 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Call for Papers | Call for Paper 
  Special Issue 
  Registration 
  Contact 
 The 13th CAA Symposium on Fault Detection, Supervision, and Safety for Technical Processes (CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023) will be held during Friday through Saturday, September 22-24, 2023   , in  Yibin International Conference Center   .    
 CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 is sponsored by the Professional Committee on Fault Diagnosis and Safety for Technical Processes, Chinese Association of Automation (CAA). It is organized by   Sichuan University,  Sichuan University of Science & Engineering and Artificial Intelligence Key Laboratory of Sichuan Province. It aims to bring together the international researchers of this field to discuss the latest findings and advances. It will feature plenary lectures, contributed and invited sessions, and poster sessions,The English paper of the symposium might be included in the IEEE Xplore Library.    
  We sincerely welcome our colleagues worldwide to join us for this symposium. We look forward to seeing you in Yibin for this exciting event!    
  Scope     
 CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 accepts manuscripts on both theory and application. Its scope includes but not limited to the following theoretical topics or special session proposals:    
 Theoretical topics:    
 A11 Robotics    
 Submission of a regular paper:   
  1. CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 only accepts English manuscripts.  
  2. The submitted manuscripts should contain sufficient details including key concepts and novel features of the work.  
  3. The manuscripts must be formatted according to IEEE’s Two-Column Format for Conference Proceedings and not exceed 6 pages including all text, reference, appendices, and figures. The submissions should be in PDF format which is IEEE PDF eXpress compliant.    
 Submission of a long abstract:   
  1. The submitted long abstract should include the research background and significance, main research work, experiments or simulations, conclusions and all other related contents;  
  2. The long abstract paper should be formatted according to IEEE’s Two-Column Format for Conference Proceedings and submitted in PDF format;  
  3. The long abstract paper will be included in the conference proceedings, but will not be indexed in the IEEE Xplore Library (No assignment of copyright);  
  4. The registration fee for long abstracts is the same as that for regular papers    
 Reminder:   
  The CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023 will publish a Conference Proceedings. The conference papers accepted after review will be submitted to IEEE for further review and will be included in IEEE Xplore Library. After all conference papers and long abstracts are employed, the authors need to register and make oral presentation or post presentation. Regular conference papers without presentations will not be submitted for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore Library.    
 The links of templates and instructions for preparing the manuscript are provided below:  
  MS Word: [ Word_instructions_*.rar  ]  
  LaTex: [ LaTex_instructions_*.rar  ]    
 Download：    CAA SAFEPROCESS 2023_Poster_template     
 Log in  
 Important Dates  
 Deadline for Submission: April 15th   30th, 2023    
  Acceptance Notification: May 31st, 2023    
  Date of Conference: September 22-24, 2023    
 News  
 2023-09-14 | 会议通知 
  2023-02-22 | 特邀专题会议申请表 
  2023-02-20 | 会议状态通知 
 Quick Links  
 Register 
  Submit Paper 
  Hotel Reservation 
