 Student intranet  Staff intranet   
 The 16th International Symposium on Algorithmic Game Theory (SAGT)  
 The 16th International Symposium on Algorithmic Game Theory (SAGT)  
 Research and teaching 
  Departments and schools 
  Computer Science 
  The 16th International Symposium on Algorithmic Game Theory (SAGT) 
 Welcome to SAGT 2023  
 The 16th International Symposium on Algorithmic Game Theory (SAGT) will take place at Royal Holloway University of London from 4th-7th September 2023.  
 The purpose of SAGT is to bring together researchers from Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Psychology, Physics, and Biology to present and discuss original research at the intersection of Algorithms and Game Theory.  
 General Information  
 Scope  
  The program of SAGT 2023 will include invited lectures and presentations of peer-reviewed submissions. Foundational work is solicited on topics including but not limited to:  
 Auctions and pricing 
  Contract theory 
  Solution concepts in game theory 
  Industrial application works and position papers presenting novel ideas, issues, challenges and directions are also welcome.  
 The symposium proceedings will be published by Springer in its LNCS/ARCoSS series. Accepted papers will be allocated at most 18 pages in the proceedings (in particular, at most 16 pages for the technical part and at most 2 pages for references, in line with the submission guidelines). Alternatively, authors of accepted papers can choose to publish a one-page abstract in the proceedings, along with a URL pointing to the full paper.  
 There will be a SAGT 2023 Best Paper Award, accompanied by a prize of 1,000 EURO offered by Springer.  
 Important Dates and Submissions  
  Notification: | 1st July, 2023 
  Camera Ready Deadline: | 15th July, 2023 
  Conference Dates: | 4th-7th September, 2023 
  Submission Instructions  
 Authors are invited to submit original research for possible presentation at the conference. Each paper will be evaluated on significance, originality, technical quality, and exposition. It should clearly establish the research contribution, its relevance, and its relation to prior research.  
 Submission Format  
 Submissions must be in single-column format, with 11-point or larger fonts, using single-spacing between lines and 1-inch margins all around. For example, authors may want to use the LNCS style  , with the fullpage  package enabled (in LaTeX). Submissions deviating significantly from these guidelines may be rejected without review.  
 This year, there will be no strict page limit for submissions, and authors are encouraged to submit the full versions of their papers. Still, the details of long papers will be read at the discretion of the program committee, so the authors are strongly encouraged to structure their paper in a way that includes a clear presentation of the merits of the paper and a discussion of the importance of the results, as well as an exposition of the key conceptual and technical ideas of the paper within the first 15 pages. Submissions shorter that 15 pages are also very much welcome.  
 We note that accepted papers will be allocated 18 pages in LNCS format in the proceedings. Please note that the LNCS format without the fullpage package has much wider page margins.  
 Results previously published or presented at another archival conference prior to SAGT, or published (or accepted for publication) at a journal prior to the submission deadline, will not be considered for publication as regular papers. Simultaneous submission of regular papers to another conference with published proceedings is not allowed.  
 Simultaneous submission of results to a journal is allowed only if the authors intend to publish the paper as a one page abstract in SAGT 2023.  
 Best Paper Award  
 There will be a SAGT 2023 Best Paper Award, accompanied by a prize of 1,000 EURO offered by Springer.  
 Submission Server and Deadline  
 This year, the submissions will be via OpenReview, a free submission platform that has successfully hosted prestigious conferences in the field for several years. The migration from EasyChair to OpenReview is because EasyChair has moved to a rather costly subscription model.  
 Please submit your work via the following link.   
 It is expected that every accepted paper will be presented at the conference by one of the authors.  
 Committees  
  Stackelberg Vertex Cover on a Path   
  Katharina Eickhoff, Lennart Kurt Kauther, and Britta Peis 
  Computational Complexity of Decision Problems about Nash Equilibria in Win-Lose Multi-Player Games  (BEST PAPER)    
  Vittorio Bilò, Kristoffer Arnsfelt Hansen, and Marios Mavronicolas 
  Into the Unknown: Assigning Reviewers to Papers with Uncertain Affinities   
 FairACAC  
  The 2023 Workshop on Fair Resource Allocation: Concepts, Algorithms and Complexity  will be held in conjunction with the 16th Symposium on Algorithmic Game Theory (SAGT 2023)  . The workshop will take place on Monday, 4 September.  
 Registration for the workshop   
   The detailed schedule (pdf version) can be found here   
 Monday 4 September   (Windsor Ground Floor)   
 10.00 - 11.00  Registration  
 11.00 - 17.00  Workshop on Fair Resource Allocation: Concepts, Algorithms and Complexity (SAGT 2023 Satellite Workshop)  
 11.00 - 13.00  Talks  
 13.00 - 14.00  Lunch Break (on your own)  
 Tuesday 5 September   (Windsor Ground Floor)   
 9.00 - 11.00  Tutorial  
 Wednesday 6 September   (Windsor Ground Floor)   
 Session 3 - Complexity in Games  
 15.00 - 15.20  Strategy-proof Budgeting via a VCG-like Mechanism  
 Session 5 (Best paper award)   
 16.20 - 17.00  SAGT Business Meeting  
 Thursday 7 September  (QUEENS Lecture Theatre)  
 Session 6 - Algorithm Design, Information Design and Equilibria  
 10.00 - 10.20  Fair Algorithm Design: Fair and Efficacious Machine Scheduling  
 Proceedings  
  The proceedings of SAGT 2023 can be found here  ; the content will be freely available from September 2 to October 2, 2023.  
 Registration  
  All SAGT 2023 participants have a guaranteed accommodation at the in-campus University Halls. These rooms can be booked from here  .   
 History of SAGT  
  SAGT 2022, Colchester 
 You can view accessibility information for Royal Holloway here.   
 Accommodation  
 Royal Holloway offers a wide range of affordable accommodation on site with availability in premium ensuite (double bedded room) and in standard single bedrooms (non-ensuite). This accommodation is located within easy walking distance of the conference venue and may be suitable for delegates.  
  All SAGT 2023 participants have a guaranteed accommodation at the in-campus University Halls. These rooms can be booked from here  .  
 In addition, there are many local hotels at a close distance to campus, should delegates wish to stay off-site. These include:  
 Travelodge Egham  (0.8 miles)  
 Code of conduct  
  In an effort to combat bullying, discrimination, and harassment, SAGT 2023 endorses the code of conduct outlined in appendix D of the Report from the Ad hoc committee to Combat Harassment and Discrimination in the Theory of Computing Community  .  
 Sponsors  
