  Policies 
 The SAS pages are managed by the SAS Steering Committee  and hosted by the IMDEA Software Institute    
 SAS  
 The Static Analysis Symposia  
   Description  
 Static Analysis is increasingly recognized as a fundamental tool for program verification, bug detection, compiler optimization, program understanding, and software maintenance. The series of International Static Analysis Symposia (SAS) serves as the primary venue for presentation of theoretical, practical, and application advances in the area.  
  Topics  
 Contributions to the technical program for Static Analysis Symposia typically consist of invited lectures and presentations of refereed papers. While each edition is independent, traditionally contributions are welcome on all aspects of static analysis, including, but not limited to:  
 Submissions can address any programming paradigm, including concurrent, constraint, functional, imperative, logic object-oriented, aspect, multi-core, distributed, GPU programming, etc. Survey papers, that present some aspect of the above topics with a new coherence, and application papers that describe experience with industrial applications, are also welcome.  
 Papers must describe original work, be written and presented in English, and must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference with refereed proceedings. Submitted papers will be judged on the basis of significance, relevance correctness, originality, and clarity. They should clearly identify what has been accomplished and why it is significant.  
  Artifacts  
 Artifact submission is optional  at the SAS conferences. The submitted artifacts are used by the program committee as a secondary evaluation criteria that will provide additional positive arguments for the paper's acceptance. Submissions without artifacts are still welcome and are not penalized. Some SAS editions publish artifacts of accepted papers.  
  Radhia Cousot Award  
  Steering Committee  
 The SAS Steering Committee (2024) is:  
 Roberto Giacobazzi | University of Arizona, USA | SAS 2024 PC co-chair 
 Alessandra Gorla | IMDEA Software Institute, Spain | SAS 2024 PC co-chair 
 Manuel Hermenegildo | UPM and IMDEA Software Institute, Spain | SAS 2023 PC co-chair 
 José F. Morales | UPM and IMDEA Software Institute, Spain | SAS 2023 PC co-chair 
 Caterina Urban | Inria and Ecole Normale Supérieure, France | SAS 2022 PC co-chair 
 Gagandeep Singh | University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and VMware Research, USA | SAS 2022 PC co-chair 
 Selecting the location and the Program Committee Chair and Organizing Chair of the next SAS (i.e., for year X+1). 
  Giving feedback to the PC chairs on the composition of the PC for year X+1. 
  Managing the financial resources of the SAS conferences. 
  Managing the connections with publishers and related conferences and events. 
  Managing the communication via social media and the web. 
  Proposing to the community any actions that may improve the scientific strength and status of SAS. 
  Policies  
 SAS abides by the ACM SIGPLAN conference code of conduct policy  .