 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 The 26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing  
   Alghero, Italy  
   Submission Deadline: Friday 10 Mar 2023   
   Conference Dates: Jul 04, 2023 - Jul 08, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 Scope  
  SAT is the premier annual meeting for researchers focusing on the theory and applications of propositional satisfiability, broadly construed. That includes Boolean optimization, such as MaxSAT and Pseudo-Boolean (PB) constraints, Quantified Boolean Formulas (QBF), Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT), model counting, and Constraint Programming (CP) for problems with clear connections to Boolean-level reasoning. Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):  
  Theoretical advances (including algorithms, proof complexity, parameterized complexity, and other complexity issues)  
  Practical search algorithms  
  Knowledge compilation  
  Implementation-level details of SAT solving tools and SAT-based systems  
  Problem encodings and reformulations  
  Applications (including both novel applications domains and improvements to existing approaches)  
  The conference primarily focuses on research topics in Algorithm, Satisfiability, Theoretical computer science, Boolean satisfiability problem and Discrete mathematics. Topics in Algorithm were tackled in line with various other fields like Solver and Resolution (logic). While Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing focused on Satisfiability, it was also able to explore topics like Constraint satisfaction, Propositional calculus and Conjunctive normal form.  
 It explores research in Conjunctive normal form and the adjacent study of True quantified Boolean formula. Discrete mathematics research discussed connects with the study of Combinatorics.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing:  
 The conference publications explore disciplines such as Algorithm, Boolean satisfiability problem, Theoretical computer science, Satisfiability and Conjunctive normal form. The most cited articles with studies in Boolean satisfiability problem featured incorporate elements of #SAT, Programming language, Combinatorics and Parallel computing. The published articles explore issues in Theoretical computer science which can be linked to other research areas like Context (language use), Solver and Resolution (logic).  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Algorithm 
  Artificial intelligence 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 The conference generally zeroes in on subjects such as Algorithm, Combinatorics, Conjunctive normal form, Solver and Discrete mathematics. While Algorithm is the focus of it, it also provided insights into the studies of Domain (software engineering) and Mathematical proof. Class (set theory) and Upper and lower bounds are some topics wherein Combinatorics research discussed in the conference have an impact.  
 The conference facilitates discussions on Conjunctive normal form that incorporate concepts from other fields like Range (mathematics), Resolution (logic) and Algebra. Solver studies covered in it falls within the purview of Mathematical optimization. Issues in Parallel computing were discussed, taking into consideration concepts from other disciplines like Configuration space, Code (cryptography), Fuzz testing and Boolean satisfiability problem.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  Joao Marques-Silva | (18 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 2 less than at the previous edition, 
  卓 高橋 | (17 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
 Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute | (22 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Vienna University of Technology | (20 papers) | published 6 papers at the last edition, 3 more than at the previous edition, 
  University College Dublin | (14 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 2 less than at the previous edition, 
  National Institute of Information and Communications Technology | (14 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Johannes Kepler University of Linz | (13 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition the same number as at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 The 25nd International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing   
 Aug 02, 2022 - Aug 05, 2022  
 Haifa, Israel  
 The 26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing   
 Jul 04, 2023 - Jul 08, 2023  
 Alghero, Italy  
  Best Business Schools in Nebraska – 2024 Accredited Colleges & Programs   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 The 26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
