  Resource Type:   
  Audiovisual  Conference Paper  Conference Proceeding  Data Paper  Dataset  Educational aid or Curriculum  Journal Article  Posted Content  Software  Sound  Workshop Report     
  Search a Specific Field  Journal Name:   ×    
 Award ID:   ×    
 Author / Creator:   ×    
 Date Updated:   
  NSF Public Access 
  Search Results 
  Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023) 
   Citation Details 
 Title:  Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs):26th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing (SAT 2023)    
 Extended resolution shows that auxiliary variables are very powerful in theory. However, attempts to exploit this potential in practice have had limited success. One reasonably effective method in this regard is bounded variable addition (BVA), which automatically reencodes formulas by introducing new variables and eliminating clauses, often significantly reducing formula size. We find motivating examples suggesting that the performance improvement caused by BVA stems not only from this size reduction but also from the introduction of effective auxiliary variables. Analyzing specific packing-coloring instances, we discover that BVA is fragile with respect to formula randomization, relying on variable order to break ties. With this understanding, we augment BVA with a heuristic for breaking ties in a structured way. We evaluate our new preprocessing technique, Structured BVA (SBVA), on more than 29 000 formulas from previous SAT competitions and show that it is robust to randomization. In a simulated competition setting, our implementation outperforms BVA on both randomized and original formulas, and appears to be well-suited for certain families of formulas.  more »  « less    
 Free Publicly Accessible Full Text 
  Accepted Manuscript1.0 
   Conference Paper: 
  Have feedback or suggestions for a way to improve these results?  
 ×  Author Select   
  Last Name:   
  Type in a name, or the first few letters of a name, in one or both of appropriate search boxes above and select the search button. An attempt will be made to match authors that most closely relate to the text you typed.   
 No authors are currently selected. Choosing "Select These Authors" will enter a blank value for author search in the parent form.   
 Close  Review Selections  Add Selections    
