  Promotional Opportunities 
  Recruit at the Job Fair 
  Students | Dropdown menu toggle | Students@SC  Lead Student Volunteers 
  Student Volunteers 
  Student Cluster Competition 
  Participate in SCinet 
  WINS 
  SC Network Policy 
  Media | Dropdown menu toggle | Media  Media Registration 
  Media Partners 
 Program  
   Each year, SC provides the leading technical program for professionals and students in the HPC community, as measured by impact, at the highest academic and professional standards.  
 The Program is designed to share best practices in areas such as: algorithms; applications; architectures and networks; clouds and distributed computing; data analytics, visualization, and storage; machine learning and HPC; performance; programming systems; system software; and state of the practice in large-scale deployment and integration.  
 Full Program Schedule  
   Sunday–Friday, November 12–17, 2023  
  SCHEDULE    
  Kathryn Mohror, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory  
 Submission and application details are found on the Contributed Program pages.  
 Contributed Program  
 Submit or apply   
 Being part of the SC Conference enhances your career – whether you are presenting new research, showcasing innovative work or practices, helping teach the next generation, or competing for peak performance. The SC selection process is highly competitive and being selected is very rewarding.  
  deadlines    
 I Am HPC Plenary  
   The conference theme comes to life in this “don’t miss” panel.  
 Invited Talks  
 Nominate & Network  
 Learn how to make a nomination for the SC Test of Time Award and a variety of sponsoring society awards. The awardees are announced just before the conference. Don’t miss their presentations and the Awards Ceremony on Thursday.  
 Attending the receptions is a great way to interact with attendees and contributors in a fun environment.  
 Job Fair   
    Open to all – find your new employer at SC.  
  Students@SC   
 Whether you’re an undergraduate, graduate, or PhD student – seize your opportunity to engage, network, learn, and serve.  
  SCinet   
 Immensely powerful, insanely fast, connecting the SC community to the world.  
  exhibits   
   You Do You.  
 Making all attendees feel welcome is important to SC. Through the programs and services that we provide and our efforts to educate the HPC community on the benefits of a diverse workforce, we all make progress toward the goal of improved science and research.  
 inclusivity    
 SC Network Policy 
  SC23 Planning Committee 
  Volunteer 
  Proceedings & Archives 
  SC Steering Committee 
  Dates & Deadlines 
  Photos & Logos 
  SC Conference Series 
  CODE OF CONDUCT   
