SCA 2022        
 About  Program  Registration  Author Instructions  Awards  People    
  THE 21ST ACM SIGGRAPH / Eurographics SYMPOSIUM ON COMPUTER ANIMATION (SCA 2022)  
  Durham University, UK & Online  
  13th - 15th September, 2022  
 SCA 2022   
 This year, the 21st annual ACM SIGGRAPH / Eurographics Symposium on Computer Animation (SCA), the premier forum for innovations in computer animation and physics-based simulation, will be a hybrid face-to-face and online event. The conference is hosted at Durham University  UK on 13th-15th, September. We encourage attendants to join us physically at Durham for a complete conference experience, while we also allow synchronised online attendance for those who may have travel difficulties.  
 This year, accepted full papers will be published in the journal Computer Graphics Forum  , and accepted short papers will be published in the conference proceedings indexed by ACM and Eurographics. Please refer to our call-for-paper  page for paper submission information.  
 We have prepared an engaging program this year. Apart from the accepted paper presentation, we have included keynotes from speakers around the world, including Professor Steven LaValle from the University of Oulu, Associate Professor Rachel McDonnell from Trinity College Dublin, Professor Niloy J. Mitra from University College London, and Dr Daniel Holden from Epic Games. Regarding local activities, we have included an opening reception, a conference banquet, a closing reception, as well as a social event, giving opportunities for attendants to mingle with each other. Furthermore, apart from the usual breakfasts and tea breaks, we have decided to include onsite lunches for all attendants and offer onsite accommodations, giving them more time to socialize.  
 SCA 2022 has received generous support from the industry and academics. Platinum sponsors include Adobe, Disney Research Studios, and the KAUST Visual Computing Center. Gold sponsors include Google. These extra sponsorships have allowed us to significantly lower the registration fees, facilitating the attendance of research students and early-career researchers. Also, they allow us to introduce multiple travel grants, helping attendants with less travel budget to join SCA physically.  
 Finally, we wish to thank all members of the Organising Committee, the Award Committee and the International Program Committee. Their effort has made SCA 2022 possible - getting the best program with high-quality papers and overcoming the logistic challenges introduced by the pandemic. We hope you find SCA 2022 in Durham/online enjoyable, and we hope you continue to take part in future SCAs!  
 Conference Chairs and Program Chairs  
  Hubert P. H. Shum  , Julien Pettre,  Dominik L. Michels  , Soeren Pirk   
 Supported By  
  © SCA 2022 ACM SIGGRAPH / Eurographics Symposium on Computer Animation.