SCA 2023        
 Home  Registration  Program  Awards  People    
  The 22nd annual Symposium on Computer Animation (SCA) will take place in sunny Los Angeles, California from August 4 to August 6, 2023, immediately before SIGGRAPH 2023. For more than two decades now, SCA has been the premier forum for presenting innovations in the theory and practice of computer animation. Bringing together academic and industrial researchers and practitioners working in all aspects of time-based phenomena, SCA provides an intimate setting that encourages community interaction, promotes the exchange of research results, inspires future ideas, and establishes new collaborations. Conditionally accepted regular papers will undergo a second round of revision and will, upon approval, appear in the journal Proceedings of the ACM in Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques  ( PACMCGIT  ). Best Paper Awards will be given to excellent submissions that push the leading edge.  
 [iCal Format]    
 Day 1 (Aug 4) | Day 2 (Aug 5) | Day 3 (Aug 6) 
 Registration/Breakfast  
 Lunch (Covered by SCA)  
 SCA Town Hall 
 * One CGF paper (character synthesis) will be presented before the poster fast forward  
 Locations  
 Dining:  [UCLA Restaurant Hours]   
  SCA will cover lunch and dinner on Saturday at UCLA Faculty Club [Map]   
 Keynote Speakers   
 Code of conduct   
 SCA is an inclusive and harassment-free conference that welcomes all participants independently of race, ethnicity, religion, citizenship, nationality, age, sexual or gender identity, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law in the location where SCA takes place. A respectful communication is vital for a healthy exchange of ideas and thoughts. SCA does not tolerate abuse or harassment in any form. Behaviors such as exclusion, intimidation, use of abusive or degrading language, stalking, harassing photography or recording, inappropriate physical contact, unwelcome sexual attention, and all other forms of harassment will face consequences.  
 Platinum Sponsor  
 Supported By  
  © SCA 2023 ACM SIGGRAPH / Eurographics Symposium on Computer Animation.