 AI2023  
 Forty-third SGAI International Conference on Artificial Intelligence.  
 Agenda  
 View the full schedule for the conference here   
 Synopsis  
 AI-2023 is the forty-third Annual International Conference of the British Computer Society's Specialist Group on Artificial Intelligence (SGAI), which will be held in the attractive surroundings of Peterhouse College in Cambridge.  
 This is the leading series of UK-based international conferences on Artificial Intelligence and the longest running AI conference series in Europe.  
 Our events are for adults aged 16 years and over.  
 BCS is a membership organisation. If you enjoy this event, please consider joining BCS. You’ll be very welcome. You’ll receive access to many exclusive career development tools, an introduction to a thriving professional community and also help us Make IT Good For Society. Join BCS today   
 For overseas delegates who wish to attend the event, please note that BCS does not issue invitation letters.  
 Refund Policy  
 Refunds will only be given on accommodation and only until Thursday 30 November 2023. Unfortunately no refunds will be given after this date for accommodation due to our commitment to the college.  
 Things to note:- This event may be recorded and photos are taken during the conference, if you do not wish for your photo to be taken please say so on the day to the person taking any photos.  
 Your name and surname and any dietary requirements will be shared with Peterhouse college in order for them to accommodate your accommodation needs for this conference and for the gala dinner if you are attending. No emails will be shared.  
 COVID-19   
 This event is brought to you by:  BCS SGAI: The Specialist Group on Artificial Intelligence   
 Share   
 Date and time   
 Tuesday 12 December, 9:30am - Thursday 14 December, 4:30pm   
 Location   
 Webinar: The (positive) effects of playing video games preceded by BCS AGD SG AGM   
 29 November, 6:00pm   
 Hybrid event: Bioinformatics and Computational Biology   
 26 November, 6:30pm   
 28 November, 6:30pm   
 FAIRS' 24   
 16 December, 10:30am   
 Who we are   
