 Keynotes  Graduate School  Technical Papers   
 All are welcome at the Symposium on Geometry Processing 2023  .  
  Attendees, presenters, volunteers and sponsors are subject to the SGP 2023 Code of Conduct  .  
 Keynotes  
  Theodore Kim    
 The numerical solution of partial differential equations (PDEs) is ubiquitous in computer graphics and engineering applications, ranging from the computation of UV maps and skinning weights to the simulation of elastic deformations, fluids, and light scattering. The finite element method (FEM) is the most commonly used discretization of PDEs due to its generality and rich selection of off-the-shelf commercial implementations. In this course, we will implement a FE solver in 1D for the Laplace equation from scratch using only Numpy. We will briefly derive the necessary theory and quickly move into live coding the solver. At the end of the course, you will have a basic applied understanding of how the FEM works and how to extend the current code to higher dimensions and more complicated physics.  
 Computational Design of Deployable Structures   
 Structures that transform from compact configurations (which are simpler to manufacture and transport) to 3D shapes with specific forms and functions have important advantages for applications like emergency shelters, temporary event spaces, medical devices, and satellite antennas. However, designing such structures is difficult, involving interesting technical challenges like controlling the highly nonlinear large-deformation behavior of elastic beam and membrane structures. This course presents computational techniques for tackling inverse design problems in this space. It will cover shape optimization using differentiable physics simulation and show various strategies for accelerating these optimization algorithms. It will also introduce two-scale design algorithms, where the low-level details of the physical system are abstracted using homogenization to obtain a coarsened design problem that can be solved robustly by traditional computer graphics techniques like surface parametrization algorithms. Then the coarsened solution is “de-homogenized” to a full-scale structure and fine-tuned with shape optimization.  
 A quick journey into geometry processing   
  3D Generative Model Latent Disentanglement via Local Eigenprojection | Simone Foti   Bongjin Koo   Danail Stoyanov   Matthew J. Clarkson 
 © 2023 VCI RWTH Aachen University