  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Best Paper Awards 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups (SIGs) 
 SIGCSE  - Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education  
 Online Membership  Print Membership    
 The ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE) provides a global forum for educators to discuss research and practice related to the learning, and teaching of computing, the development, implementation, and evaluation of computing programs, curricula, and courses at all education levels, as well as broad participation, educational technology, instructional spaces, and other elements of teaching and pedagogy related to computing.  
 Member Benefits:  
 4 issues of ACM Inroads (magazine for the computing education community), either electronically or physically depending on the membership type 
  An electronic archive of all SIGCSE publications including: | Proceedings of the SIGCSE Technical Symposium. 
  Proceedings of the Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education (ITiCSE) Conference. 
  Proceedings of the International Computing Education Research (ICER) Conference. 
  Proceedings of the ACM Global Computing Education (CompEd) Conference 
  Proceedings of the RESPECT conference. 
  Proceedings of the SIGCSE Virtual conference. 
  Working group reports from the ITiCSE conference. 
  Quarterly newsletter, The SIGCSE Bulletin. 
  Reduced registration rates for all SIGCSE conferences. 
  Free access to SIGCSE publication archives through the ACM Digital Library, which includes proceedings of some “in-cooperation” conferences. 
  Access to the SIGCSE-ANNOUNCE, SIGCSE-MEMBERS, SIGCSE-JOBS, and SIGCSE-VOLUNTEERS mailing lists. 
  Opportunity to participate in SIGCSE committees on topics of current interest. 
  Modest support for researchers who wish to investigate and introduce new ideas in the learning and teaching of computing through SIGCSE Special Project Grants. 
  Opportunity to apply for travel support to attend the SIGCSE Technical Symposium through the Henry Walker Travel Grant program, assuming that the applicant is a faculty member or teacher and has never attended. 
  Opportunity to network within a community of computing professionals. 
  DEIA message and commitment 
  Awards, Distinguished Service, Outstanding Contribution, Broadening Participation in | Computing Education. 
  Test of Time award (for a paper not a person) 
  Updated and more inclusive “Mission” and “About” statements. 
 Community Benefits:  
 Annual sponsorship of the SIGCSE, ITiCSE, RESPECT and ICER conferences. 
  Biennial sponsorship of the CompEd conference and the Virtual conference. 
  Kids camp provided at annual SIGCSE Symposium. 
  Working "in-cooperation" with numerous other conferences. 
  Providing New and Aspiring Educator Workshop every other year at the SIGCSE Technical Symposium. 
  Providing Department Chairs Workshop every other year at the SIGCSE Technical Symposium. 
  Individual conference Steering committees to oversee each conference. 
  New Doctoral Consortium Steering Committee 
  Modest travel support for the dissemination of outstanding SIGCSE/ITiCSE/ICER/CompEd presentations to other "in-cooperation" conferences. 
  Sponsors four annual Doctoral Consortia (co-located with ITiCSE, ICER, CompEd and Virtual conferences). 
  Annual awards for Outstanding Contribution to Computer Science Education, for Distinguished Service, Broadening Participation and a Test of Time award. 
  Contributions to all major curriculum task forces. 
  Resources regarding computing education. 
  Reports from SIGCSE committees on topics of general interest, such as women in computing, and Computing Education in Liberal Arts College practices. 
  Opportunity to build special communities related to computing education. 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
