 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication (SIGCOMM) 
 ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication (SIGCOMM)  
   New York, United States  
   Conference Dates: Sep 10, 2023 - Sep 14, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 9.30   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 SIGCOMM takes a broad view of networking, and welcomes submissions on these topics, among others:  
  All types of computer networks, including mobile, wide-area, data center, embedded, home, and enterprise networks.  
  All parts of the network life cycle, including planning, designing, building, operating, troubleshooting, and migrations.  
  All approaches and techniques, including theory, analysis, experiments, and machine learning.  
  SIGCOMM 2023 will accept submissions in three tracks:   
 Overview  
 Top Research Topics at ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication?  
  The Internet (16.11%) 
  The conference is mainly concerned with subjects like Computer network, Distributed computing, The Internet, Network packet and Computer security. The Computer network study featured in the conference draws parallels with the field of Throughput. In addition to Distributed computing research, ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication aims to explore topics under Network architecture, Network topology, Scalability and Routing table.  
 Research on The Internet presented in the event concerns the broader topic of World Wide Web. The event features Network packet research that overlaps with concepts in Real-time computing. The work on Static routing tackled in it brings together disciplines like Destination-Sequenced Distance Vector routing and Dynamic Source Routing.  
 The event emphasizes research on Link-state routing protocol, which includes concerns such as Path vector protocol. More specifically, the research on Software-defined networking in the event is related to OpenFlow. Presentations on Routing protocol include those discussing Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol, Routing domain, Hierarchical routing, Zone Routing Protocol and Wireless Routing Protocol.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication:  
 The published papers mainly tackle studies in Computer network, Distributed computing, Network packet, The Internet and Throughput. Computer network research in the conference papers connects with the study of Scalability. The study of Distributed computing in the most cited papers encompasses disciplines such as Routing table, as well as fields such as Hazy Sighted Link State Routing Protocol, all of which overlap with one another.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Computer network 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 The conference was organized to reinforce research efforts on Computer network, Network packet, Distributed computing, The Internet and Key (cryptography). ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication focuses on Computer network as well as the interrelated topic of Throughput. The conference focused on Network packet research but expanded to cover Central processing unit.  
 Topics in Distributed computing were tackled in line with various other fields like Artificial neural network, Quality of service, Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution and Topology (electrical circuits). The conference explores topics in The Internet which can be helpful for research in disciplines like Computer security, Software deployment, Architecture and Internet privacy. Forwarding plane research in it involves the investigation of Scalability studies, all of which are linked to disciplines such as Artificial intelligence.  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
 Efficient sparse collective communication and its application to accelerate distributed deep learning (5 citations) 
  The ties that un-bind: decoupling IP from web services and sockets for robust addressing agility at CDN-scale (2 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication   
 Aug 22, 2022 - Aug 26, 2022  
 Amsterdam, Netherlands  
 Sep 10, 2023 - Sep 14, 2023  
 New York City, United States  
 ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication (SIGCOMM)   
 Sep 10, 2023 - Sep 14, 2023  
 New York, United States  
  Best Business Schools in Montana – 2024 Accredited Colleges & Programs   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication (SIGCOMM)  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
