  Student Volunteers 
  Kids' Camp 
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations 
  Safe and Respectful Environment 
  Pittsburgh Information 
  Series | Series 
  SIGCSE TS 2024 
  SIGCSE TS 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
 Welcome!   
 The Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE TS) is organized by the ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE) and is the organization’s flagship conference. The SIGCSE Technical Symposium addresses problems common among educators working to develop, implement and/or evaluate computing programs, curricula, and courses. The symposium provides a forum for sharing new ideas for syllabi, laboratories, and other elements of teaching and pedagogy, at all levels of instruction. The symposium provides a diverse selection of technical sessions and opportunities for learning and interaction.  
 Keynotes 
  A selection of panels and special sessions 
  A selection of live online paper presentations 
  A selection of online tutorials 
  Nifty Assignments 
  The legendary SIGCSE Coffee Break Show 
  The online conference communication platform 
 Authors of accepted submissions will be required to present their work in-person at the conference  , except for a limited number of papers and tutorials that are scheduled to be virtual.  
 Submission Information   
 SIGCSE-Style Workshops are now called Tutorials  : We are now referring to these three-hour interactive sessions as “Tutorials”. The submission and review process will otherwise be the same as they were last year. (Explanation: We’ve heard some confusion between SIGCSE-Style Workshops and “Workshops” that are intended to be a collection of papers.)  
 New/clarified AI Policies  : Please visit the Policies on Generative AI, LLMs, and Related Tools  menu item under the Info menu for more details.  
 Earlier Deadlines  : Unfortunately, with SIGCSE TS occurring about three weeks earlier this year than last year, as well as the ever-increasing number of submissions, we have had to move the paper deadlines to mid/late July.  
 Important Deadlines   
 Round One | Papers, Panels, Special Sessions, Tutorials 
 Abstract Due Date (Papers Only) | Sunday, 14 July 2024 
 Round One Due Date | Sunday, 21 July 2024 
 Round One Notification to Authors | Monday, 30 September 2024 tentative 
 Round One final submissions due | Sunday, 17 November 2024 
 Round Two | ACM Student Research Competition, Affiliated Events, BoFs, Demos, Lightning Talks, Nifty Assignments, Posters 
 Round Two Due Date | Monday, 14 October 2024 
 Round Two Notification to Authors | Monday, 18 November 2024 tentative 
 Round Two Final Submissions Due | Sunday 8 December 2024 
 Supporters  
   Bronze  
   Are you interested in supporting the SIGCSE Technical Symposium, or being an exhibitor? Opportunities are still available! Additional information about such can be found on our Supporters & Exhibitors  page.  
  Student Volunteers   
  Kids' Camp   
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations   
  Safe and Respectful Environment   
  Pittsburgh Information