SIGGRAPH ASIA 2023 
  News 
  Interviews     Featured Speakers 
  SA2023 
 SIGGRAPH ASIA 2023    
     The 16th ACM SIGGRAPH Conference and Exhibition on     
  What to See  
     SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 -- Conference and Exhibition  
                HIGHLIGHTS FROM 2022  
                     Art Gallery  
     Art Gallery is a juried exhibition within the Experience Hall. The Art Gallery theme at SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 is "In Unruly Times." This theme encompasses a diverse range of works spanning art, science, and technology, including data visualization, 3D printing, XR, robotics, AI, sound, performance, NFTs, and interactive installations. "Unruly" here signifies a wild, experimental, and uncontrollable quality, reflecting turbulent moments in history, such as conflicts, climate crises, pandemics, inequality, surveillance, and financial and biosystem collapses. "Times" refers to various temporal aspects, including deep time, digital time, ancestral time, and finite resources. In these times, there is an increasing need for sustainable, inclusive, and agile practices that embrace diverse voices, experimental processes, and kindness.  
                     Art Paper  
     The Art Paper theme at SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 is "Crossing Thresholds. The theme explores the impact of computer graphics and interactive technology on our stories, memories, challenges, and dreams as we navigate transitions and boundaries in our lives.  
                     Birds of A Feather  
     Birds of a Feather (BOF) sessions at SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 are graphics-related, attendee-organized, informational discussions of shared interests, goals, technologies, arts and/or backgrounds. These sessions will focus on topics that are relevant to the computer graphics or interactive techniques community, celebrating, connecting, and enabling new collaborations.   
                     Business & Innovation Symposium  
     The SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 Business & Innovation Symposium unveils the theme 'Powering Business Transformation with Generative AI,' a captivating event uniting top-tier business executives, seasoned professionals, researchers, and production trailblazers. This one-day immersive experience delves deep into the ever-evolving realms of business and technology, dissecting transformation challenges and unveiling avenues for growth.  
                     Computer Animation Festival  
                     Courses  
     The SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 Courses program aims to help push the boundaries of Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques by providing short or half day master classes led by leading international experts from academia and industry. Courses may target any level of expertise (from beginner to expert) as presenters distil key concepts and ideas into self-contained presentations.  
                     Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  
                     Educator's Forum  
     SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 is excited to announce the return of the education program! The Educator’s Forum invites people from both academia and the industry to present innovative research, methods and developments related to the teaching of computer graphics and interactive techniques and application of computer graphics and interactive techniques in all areas of learning.   
                     Emerging Technologies  
                     Keynotes  
     At SIGGRAPH Asia, the Keynote sessions will offer insights into ground-breaking areas in the field of computer graphics and interactive techniques. Meet Jun Murai and Joe Letteri, SIGGRAPH Asia 2023’s Keynote Speakers.   
                     Posters  
                     Technical Papers  
     The Technical Papers program is the premier international forum for disseminating new scholarly work in computer graphics and interactive techniques. Technical Papers are published as a special issue of ACM Transactions on Graphics. In addition to papers selected by the SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 Technical Papers Jury, the conference presents papers that have been published in ACM Transactions on Graphics during the past year. Accepted papers adhere to the highest scientific standards.  
 Technical Papers Fast Forward  – A 2-hour preview session of all Technical Papers will also be held on the first day of the event where author(s) of each paper get less than a minute to wow the attendees with a brief overview of their work. More details on the Date/Time of this Fast Forward session to be announced.  
                    XR  
     Visit the exhibition space where we showcase latest technologies and equipment to the community. Tap on SIGGRAPH Asia as the one-stop event to launch new products, and make impactful announcements and updates. Over  8,000 leading experts, industry leaders, developers, potential investors, international media, young professionals, academia and more from across the globe are expected to attend. 
 ©2023 Koelnmesse Pte. Ltd.  
 Terms & Conditions    
