  Resources | Newsletters 
  SIGITE@LinkedIn 
  Links 
  Community | Membership 
 SIGITE 2023  
 The 24th ACM Annual Conference on Information Technology Education (SIGITE 2023) will be hosted by Kennesaw State University and will take place on Kennesaw State University – Marietta Campus  from October 11-14, 2023  . The conference is sponsored by the ACM Special Interest Group for Information Technology Education (SIGITE). The conference provides a forum for sharing and developing ideas relating to Information Technology (IT) research, education, applications, IT industry-academia relationships, and our roles as professionals, educators, teachers, and advocates for the effective use of information technology.  
 Conference Theme  
 The theme of the 24rd ACM Conference on Information Technology Education will be “Adapting IT Education to a Changing World.”  The focus of the conference theme will be on exploring how IT education can be adapted to meet the needs of a rapidly changing technological landscape. This includes the impact of emerging technologies and shifting workforce needs. The theme aims to encourage discussions on how IT educators can prepare graduates for a constantly evolving job market. Additionally, it will delve into the ways IT education can be tailored to meet the specific needs of different industries and organizations.  
 Learn More   
 Go to the SIGITE 2023 Conference Site   
 Learn More    
 Learn More About Submissions and Submitting   
 To know everything you need to know about submitting to the SIGITE 2023 conference, please visit the submission page on the conference website.   
 Go to the Official SIGITE2023 Website    
 Recent Posts   
 March 4, 2024   
 SIGITE 2024 – 25nd Annual Conference on IT Education – Call for Papers    
 March 28, 2023   
 SIGITE 2023 – 24nd Annual Conference on IT Education: Call For Papers    
 Categories   
 Archives   
 March 2024 
  March 2023 
  September 2022 
  May 2022 
 About SIGITE   
 SIGITE is the Association for Computing Machinery’s Special Interest Group on Information Technology Education.  Our members include information technology faculty (teachers and researchers), students, and industry professionals.  
