  Call for Perspectives Papers 
  Call for Reproducibility Track Papers 
  Call for SIRIP 2023 (Industry Track) 
  ATTEND | Participant Guidelines 
  Registration 
  PROGRAM | Schedule 
  Proceedings 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Accepted Papers | Full papers 
  Short papers 
  SPONSORS | Call for Sponsorships 
  Sponsors 
  ICTIR 2023 
  Menu    Menu 
  Nationals from all foreign countries who are invited to attend international conferences, sporting events, trade fairs or other activities in Taiwan organized, co-organized or sponsored by ROC central government agencies are also eligible for an eVisa. 
 Foreign nationals seeking to apply for an eVisa to participate in international conferences held in Taiwan may contact with the event’s organizer in Taiwan. The event’s organizer may apply for an Ecode which is required for eVisa online applications by sending an official document with relevant information to the Bureau of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Economic Affairs (MOEA) one month prior to the arrival date.  
 When an application is approved, the event’s organizer will get an Ecode and it should be passed to the applicant. The applicant uses the Ecode in eVisa online application. When an eVisa application has been approved, the applicant will receive an email confirmation. The applicant must print out the eVisa and take it and an English recommendation letter from the event’s organizer to enter Taiwan.  
 Related Website Links  
 Visa (entry permit) application for People’s Republic of China (PRC) passport holder is currently not fully open due to COVID-19 related restrictions. However, the circumstance is evolving rapidly. Regular checking on this webpage and National Immigration Agency web are highly recommended to get most updated information.  
 In the meantime, we are preparing the submission for entry-permit applications on behalf of visitors with China passports. It is suggested to sign-up the following list and leave correct contact info no later than April 30, if you are a PRC passport holder. The designated agent will contact you for documents required for the process.  
 If you sign-up after 4/30, we will still contact you for documents required for the process. However, as the review process is conducted by the government agency, we cannot guarantee the exact review time.  
  (Ms. Alena Chou – sigir2023.reg@elitepco.com.tw  )  
 © 2023 ACM Special Interest Group on Information Retrieval      
  Facebook 
  Twitter 
