  Cloud Delivery   
 Cloud Delivery vs. Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI): Why Cloud Application Delivery is the Better Option for Education   
 November 19, 2024   
 • by   
 Stephen McMahon   
 Events          
 Conference          
 ACM SIGUCCS Annual Conference   
 ACM SIGUCCS Annual Conference  
 Apr 8 - 10 2024  
 •  
 Chicago, IL  
 Second Look at the Second City  
 We’re excited to announce that SIGUCCS will be returning to Chicago for our Annual Conference.  
 The SIGUCCS Conference is a great opportunity to network with other higher education technology professionals. Get inspired by interesting projects from colleagues around the world, learn new skills in technical sessions, discuss trends past, present and future in panel discussions, and more. Attending SIGUCCS is a great way to expand your professional network and there will be many networking opportunities where you can form new connections and partnerships.  
 What is SIGUCCS?  
 The Special Interest Group on University and College Computing Services (SIGUCCS) is a community of IT professionals from helpdesk employees to CIOs who help higher education institutions leverage current technology to foster discovery and learning.  
 We're proud to support ACM SIGUCCS as event sponsors.  
 About the speakers  
 Chuck Parks   
 Business Development Director   
 Chuck joined AppsAnywhere in 2023 and is responsible for new customer acquisition and sales strategy for North America. Chuck brings to the team 7 years of experience in software sales across regional start-ups and industry leading companies.  
 FAQ  
 When   
 Apr 8 - 10 2024   
 Book time with us  Book time with us    
 Sign up to our newsletter.  
  Thank you! Your submission has been received!   
 Oops! Something went wrong.   
   Conference   
 ACM SIGUCCS Annual Conference  
  The SIGUCCS Conference is a great opportunity to network with other higher education technology professionals. Get inspired by interesting projects...  
 Apr 8 - 10 2024   
 •   
 Chicago, IL