About 
  Call for papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Important dates 
  Contact us 
 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 Conference schedule    
 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 Conference schedule    
 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 ABOUT CONFERENCE  
 The 16th SIN 2023 conference will serve as a platform for knowledge sharing about the recent trends and advancements in Security of Information and Networks and how these domains are playing role in research and market development of the industries. It will provide a great opportunity for the students and faculties to interact and share ideas with the top-notch in the field face to face. This knowledge sharing may inspire and thrill many young minds and help them bring collaborations and global partners to work together. This conference is organized by Manipal University Jaipur in partnership with multiple universities.  
  ABOUT MANIPAL UNIVERSITY JAIPUR  
 Download Call for Papers Document    
 Paper Categories  
   Research Contributions  Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that any of the authors has published elsewhere or has submitted simultaneously to any other conference or workshop that has published proceedings. The maximum length for the proceedings is 8 pages for full papers, and 6 pages for short papers.  
 Scope and Theme  
 The 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks (SIN-2023) provides an excellent international forum for sharing knowledge and results in theory, methodology, and applications of Security in information and networks. Papers, special sessions, tutorials, and workshops addressing all aspects and issues of security in information and networks are being pursued. The conference invites significant contributions from researchers and industrial working on the development of cryptographic algorithms, security schemes, cryptanalysis, application security, system security, cloud security, and network security. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers and practitioners from both academia as well as industry to meet and share cutting-edge advancements in the field of information and network security.  
  Hosted by  
 Topics of Interest  
 Authors are solicited to contribute to the conference by submitting articles that illustrate research results, project outputs, surveys, and industrial experiences that describe significant advances in the following areas, but are not limited to:  
 Network defense  
 Security ontology, policies, protocols, models, and certifications  
 Proposal/Paper Submission  
 SIN2023 conference follows the double-blind review process. Authors should not include the author’s name and affiliation, mailing address, telephone, fax, and email of the principal author on the paper. 
 All accepted papers will be published by IEEE Xplore subject to meeting the IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. Each accepted paper must be registered and presented during the conference to be included in the proceedings. 
 All proposals for organizing workshops, tutorials, demos, and special sessions are expected at the conference e-mail | sinconf2023@gmail.com 
 Technical Sponsor  
  Registration Fee covers:  
 Entry to all sessions (Keynote, Technical paper presentations, Industry expert talks, etc.) 
 Refreshments and lunch during sessions on conference dates 
 Conference kit 
 NB: Paper registration covers the registering author; other authors may register as an attendee. 
  Registration Process for authors  
 Step 1: Please pay the paper registration fee  (Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description)  
  Payment Link   
  Payment Link for International authors   
  Step 2: Please fill the following Registration form after the payment.  Registration form Link   
  Step 3: Please submit the CRC copy after the registration form submission.  CRC submission form Link   
  Important Instructions:  To complete a successful registration, at least one author must register before the deadline. 
  The registration fee includes participation in the conference, meals, and a conference kit. 
  Boarding and lodging expenses will be the responsibility of the participant. 
  A standard page limit of 6 pages will apply to all submitted manuscripts. 
  Presentation certificates will be issued to presenters only. The certificate will include the names of all authors, but only the presenter's affiliation. 
  If the same author has multiple papers accepted for publication and presentation, each paper requires a separate registration fee to be included in the proceedings. 
  Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description 
  Registration Process for attendee  
 Step 1: Please pay the paper registration fee   
  (Please mention in the field Paper ID: 1 and in the field Paper Title: Sinconf.  
  Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description)  Payment Link   
 Important Dates  
 01  Submission Deadline  
 31 August 2023   
 02  Notification to Authors  
 20 September 2023   
 03  Final Manuscript Due  
 10 October 2023   
 04  Paper Registration Deadline  
 30 September 2023   
 05  Registration HARD Deadline  
 25 October 2023  
 KEYNOTES  
  He is certified Life coach and expert in Neuro-Linguistic Programming, and Hypnosis. Amit is an Advanced Pranic healer.  
  Amit finds great joy in training people in Blockchain technology. He is working towards his mission of changing 10Million lives  
  He is the Amazon Best Selling Author of 3 books on Machine Learning, Cybercrimes and Cyber Hygiene and Blockchain Technology.  
  Dr. Amit has been awarded as Top 10 life coaches of 2022 and Top 10 Most Influential Indian Personalities of 2022.  
 Past Events & Special issues  
 Previous SIN Conf events and their proceedings (see below for special issues and books):  
  International Confreence On Secutity Of Information and Networks, 11–13 November 2022 Sousse, Tunisia (SIN 2022) | Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
  Read Summary   
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:  
 Accepted Paper: 20 full papers 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: Proceedings by ACM Press  
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:Proceedings by IEEE Xplore.  
 Accepted Paper: 21 full, 8 short 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers  
 National Papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 Proceedings by IEEE Xplore.  
 Accepted Paper: 22 full, 9 short 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers  
