Home 
  Program 
  SoCG 2023 
  Workshops 
  Awards 
  07 February 2023: | Notification of acceptance/rejection 
  16 March 2023: | Final versions of accepted papers due 
  11 June 2023: | Welcome reception in the evening 
  12-15 June 2023: | Symposium 
  SoCG 2023 conference web page   
 SoCG 2023 HotCRP submission page   
 Code of Conduct  
 SoCG is dedicated to providing an environment that is free from harassment, bullying, discrimination, and retaliation for all participants. All attendees, speakers, sponsors, and volunteers at our conference are required to agree with the CG Week code of conduct.  
 If an author has a conflict of such nature with a potential reviewer, and the author has sufficient grounds to believe that the review would be negatively biased, then the author is asked to declare this conflict in HotCRP. You are also welcome to contact a SoCG SafeTOC advocate who will treat any supporting information confidentially. For a list of SoCG advocates with contact information, please refer to CG Week Code of Conduct  .  
 Submission Guidlines  
 Paper types | When writing or evaluating a SoCG paper, it is important to keep in mind that there are different types of contributions, each with its own strengths. To ensure that a submission is evaluated on its own merits, authors will need to identify the main strengths of their submission, as captured by four possible paper types. PC members and external reviewers will be asked to take into account these paper types together with their associated evaluation criteria when they evaluate a paper. There are no quotas for the paper types and submissions can be labeled with more than one paper type at the time of submission. 
  Mathematical Foundations | : A typical paper will contain theorems and proofs describing new results in discrete or combinatorial geometry, discrete differential geometry or topology, or in topological combinatorics. The paper will primarily be evaluated on its technical depth, the importance of the results, the elegance of the solution, the connection of the problem studied to computational geometry and topology, and the potential future impact on algorithm development. 
  Algorithmic Complexity | : A typical paper will contain algorithms, data structures, theorems, proofs, or lower bound constructions describing new results on computational geometry problems. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the (mathematical or computational) relevance and importance of the problem studied, its technical depth, the elegance of the solution, and the potential future impact of the results or the proposed new methods and techniques. 
  Experiments and Implementation | : A typical paper will make a clear contribution to the implementation and evaluation of geometric algorithms, such as exact, approximate, or algebraic computation, algorithms engineering, or the experimental evaluation of competing algorithmic approaches. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the completeness and the expected impact of the proposed implementation, the soundness of the experiments, the quality and quantity of testing, and on the general amount of knowledge gained. 
  Applications | : A typical paper will describe the modeling and algorithmic choices made when developing or adapting computational geometry techniques for an application area. The paper will be primarily evaluated on the soundness of the modeling decisions, the ingenuity of the solution, the effectiveness of the proposed method, and the expected impact in the application area. One might also consider the lesson learned regarding the applicability or suitability of computational geometry tools to the specific area. 
  Contents of the submission | Papers should be submitted in the form of an extended abstract, which begins with the title of the paper, as well as a short abstract. This should be followed by the main body of the paper that begins with a precise statement of the problem considered, a succinct summary of the results obtained (emphasizing the significance, novelty, and potential impact of the research), and a clear comparison with related work. The remainder of the extended abstract should provide sufficient details to allow the program committee to evaluate the validity, quality, and relevance of the contribution. Clarity of presentation is very important; the entire extended abstract should be written carefully, taking into consideration that it will be read and evaluated by both experts and non-experts, often under tight time constraints. 
  Previous or simultaneous submission | Previous or simultaneous submissions Results previously published or accepted for publication in the proceedings of another conference cannot be submitted. Simultaneous submissions of the results to another conference with published proceedings are not allowed. Exempted are workshops and conferences without formal proceedings, but possibly with handouts containing short abstracts. In particular, submissions of papers that have appeared or will be submitted to EuroCG are allowed, since EuroCG does not publish formal proceedings, while submissions of papers that have appeared in CCCG are not allowed. Results that have already been accepted (with or without revision) for publication in a journal at the time of their submission to the symposium are not allowed. 
  Strict guidelines | Submissions deviating from the above guidelines risk being rejected without further consideration. 
  Guidelines for reviewers | The guidelines are available | here | . 
  Accepted Papers  
 Presentation, awards, and special issues | An author of each accepted paper will be expected to attend the symposium and present the paper (approximately 20 minutes). Given the developing COVID-19 pandemic, the format of both attendance and presentation will be clarified closer to the event. Awards will be given for the best paper and for the best student presentation. Authors of a selection of papers from the symposium will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to special issues of | Discrete & Computational Geometry | and | Journal of Computational Geometry | . As in the previous years, the authors of the best paper will be invited to submit an extended version of their paper to | Journal of the ACM | . 
