 Seventeenth International Symposium on Combinatorial Search  Vol. 17 (2024)   
 Edited by Ariel Felner, Jiaoyang Li   
  June 6–8, 2024, Kananaskis, Alberta, Canada.  
 Published by The AAAI Press, Washington, DC, USA  
  Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence  
 The Seventeenth International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS 2024) from June 6-8, 2024 in Kananaskis, Alberta, Canada. The symposium co-chairs were Ariel Felner and Jiaoyang Li.  
 The International Symposium on Combinatorial Search is meant to bring researchers in such areas together to exchange ideas and cross-fertilize the field. SoCS serves researchers and submissions in all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, meta-reasoning, operations research, navigation, and bioinformatics. Papers exploring the boundaries between combinatorial search and planning & scheduling research are particularly welcome, given the co-location with the 2024 International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling (ICAPS 2024). The papers included in this issue have been organized into three categories — technical papers, position papers, and extended abstracts. 
  Sixteenth International Symposium on Combinatorial Search  Vol. 16 No. 1   
 Edited by Roman Barták, Wheeler Ruml, Oren Salzman   
  July 14–16, 2023, Prague, Czech Republic.  
 Published by The AAAI Press, Washington, DC, USA  
  Copyright © 2023, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence  
  All Rights Reserved. No part of this proceedings may be reproduced in any form by any electronic or mechanical means (including photocopying, recording, or information storage and retrieval) without permission in writing from the publisher.  
 The 16th International Symposium on Combinatorial Search was held at the Aquapalace Hotel Prague, Czech Republic, from July 14-July 16, 2023. The symposium cochairs were Roman Barták, Wheeler Ruml, and Oren Salzman. The proceedings were published by AAAI Press.  
 For 2023, SoCS invited paper submissions related to all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, meta-reasoning, operations research, navigation and bioinformatics. This year, papers exploring the boundaries between combinatorial search and planning & scheduling research were particularly welcome, given the co-location with the International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling (ICAPS 2023). The papers included in this issue have been organized into three categories — technical papers, position papers, and extended abstracts. 
  Fifteenth International Symposium on Combinatorial Search  Vol. 15 No. 1 (2022)   
  Copyright © 2022, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence  
 The Fifteenth Annual Symposium on Combinatorial was held at the Technische Universität Wien, Vienna, Austria, from July 21–23, 2022. The symposium cochairs were Lukáš Chrpa and Alessandro Saetti. The proceedings were published by AAAI Press.  
 Heuristic search and other forms of combinatorial search optimization are very active areas of research in artificial intelligence, robotics, planning, and other areas of computer science. The International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS) is meant to bring researchers in such areas together to exchange ideas and crossfertilize the field. SoCS is a forum for researchers and submissions in all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, metareasoning, operations research, navigation, and bioinformatics. The symposium also welcomes submissions presenting real-world applications of heuristic search. 
 Heuristic search and other forms of combinatorial search optimization are very active areas of research in artificial intelligence, robotics, planning, and other areas of computer science. The International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS) is meant to bring researchers in such areas together to exchange ideas and crossfertilize the field. SoCS is a forum for researchers and submissions in all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, metareasoning, operations research, navigation, and bioinformatics. The symposium also welcomed submissions presenting real-world applications of heuristic search. 
  Heuristic search and other forms of combinatorial search optimization are very active areas of research in artificial intelligence, robotics, planning and other areas of computer science. The International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS) is meant to bring researchers in such areas together to exchange ideas and crossfertilize the field. SoCS is a forum for researchers and submissions in all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, metareasoning, operations research, navigation, and bioin- formatics. The symposium also welcomes submissions presenting real-world applications of heuristic search.  
 Heuristic search and other forms of combinatorial search optimization are very active areas of research in artificial intelligence, robotics, planning and other areas of computer science. The International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS) is meant to bring researchers in such areas together to exchange ideas and crossfertilize the field. SoCS is a forum for researchers and submissions in all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, metareasoning, operations research, navigation, and bioin- formatics. The symposium also welcomes submissions presenting real-world applications of heuristic search.  
 The objective of SoCS is to network researchers working in the area of combinatorial search. This area is important to several research communities, including artificial intelligence in general and auto- mated planning, operations research, and robotics in particular. SoCS is thus a meeting attended by ex- perts of different subfields, providing an excellent opportunity to foster collaboration, and to boost cross-fertilization among these subfields. This year, SoCS was part of the Federated AI Meeting (FAIM) which also included the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence and the European Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI-ECAI), the International Conference on Au- tonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (AAMAS), the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML) and the International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning (ICCBR). SoCS sessions running in parallel with workshops and tutorials of other conferences as well as joint coffee breaks allowed the attendees to exchange ideas.  
 Heuristic search and other forms of combinatorial search are currently very active areas of research in artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, operations research, bioinformatics, and other areas of computer science. SoCS is meant to bring researchers from these areas together to exchange their ideas and cross-fertilize the field. To bring in new ideas, every year SoCS features a special scope on a related research area. This year, SoCS specifically invited submissions from researchers in the algorithm engineering community and related areas that work on graph search problems and other combinatorial search problems. This special scope on graph search engineering has been a clear success, attracting a considerable number of strong submissions outside the traditional AI search communities.  
 This was an important year for SoCS as archival proceedings were established for the first time. These proceedings are the result of hard work by many, from researchers to reviewers and the publisher.  
