 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms  
   Florence, Italy  
   Submission Deadline: Sunday 10 Jul 2022   
   Conference Dates: Jan 22, 2023 - Jan 25, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
  Symposium on Discrete Algorithms investigates areas of study like Combinatorics, Discrete mathematics, Algorithm, Time complexity and Upper and lower bounds. While the conference focused on Combinatorics, it was also able to explore topics like Bounded function, Set (abstract data type) and Constant (mathematics). The conference focuses on Discrete mathematics as well as the interrelated topic of Polynomial.  
 The studies tackled, which mainly focus on Algorithm, apply to Theoretical computer science as well. The Binary logarithm research dealing mostly with Log-log plot is the focus of the event. The event is concerned with the study of Approximation algorithm and Mathematical optimization in general.  
 It facilitates discussions on Mathematical optimization that incorporate concepts from other fields like Scheduling (computing) and Competitive analysis. The conference features Competitive analysis research that overlaps with concepts in Online algorithm. The event connects research in Chordal graph with the related topic of Indifference graph.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Statistics 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 Symposium on Discrete Algorithms facilitates discussions on Combinatorics, Discrete mathematics, Binary logarithm, Time complexity and Algorithm. The concepts on Combinatorics presented in the conference can also apply to other research fields, including Matching (graph theory) and Upper and lower bounds. The tackled Discrete mathematics research is interrelated with Bounded function which concerns subjects like Treewidth.  
 The Binary logarithm works featured in the event incorporate elements from Graph (abstract data type), Deterministic algorithm, Open problem, Space (mathematics) and Data structure. The conference explores research in Graph (abstract data type) and the adjacent study of Omega. The conference explores research in Time complexity and the adjacent study of Class (set theory).  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
  Improved Deterministic Network Decomposition (18 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA22)   
 Jan 09, 2022 - Jan 12, 2022  
 Alexandria, VA, United States  
 ACM SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms   
 Jan 22, 2023 - Jan 23, 2023  
 Florence, Italy  
 ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms   
 Jan 22, 2023 - Jan 25, 2023  
 Florence, Italy  
 ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA23)   
 Jan 22, 2023 - Jan 24, 2023  
 Florence, Italy  
  Best Business Schools in Oklahoma – 2024 Accredited Colleges & Programs   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
