=: SOFSEM :=   
 International Conference on Current Trends in  
  Theory and Practice of Computer Science  
 The official SOFSEM homepage  
 Aims and Scope  | News  | Proceedings  | Profile  | Awards  | Recent SOFSEMs   
  Call for organizers | : | contribute to the progress of our field by organizing | a | next | SOFSEM with your team. Please contact the Steering Committee for further details. 
  Proceedings  
  Further bibliographic information: see e.g. | here | (ACM Digital Library) or | here | (zbMath Open). 
  Regularly a special issue  of a journal is planned, with a selection of (revised final versions of) papers from the conference.  
 SOFSEM Profile   
  SOFSEM maintains a unique position among the annual conferences and symposia in computing. Through its invited talks and the selected contributed papers on current research, as well as its well-known familiar atmosphere, SOFSEM is an appreciable mix of an international symposium and a winter school. It is a proven format, combining the presentation of original, high-quality research papers with lectures on trending themes in foundations and their, often interdisciplinary, background. SOFSEM conferences are conducted in person. Traditionally housing all participants at the same  venue, the conference provides an optimal set-up for discussions, meetings, research initiatives, new contacts, and social interactions. SOFSEM encourages the co-operation and exchange of ideas among researchers across all domains of fundamental computer science and its bordering fields, in all stages of their career. It makes SOFSEM especially attractive for young computer scientists.  
 SOFSEM focuses on novel research and current developments in all key areas in fundamental computer science and its interfaces to the foundations of artificial intelligence ( algorithms, AI-inspired methods, computational complexity, formal models  ). SOFSEM's list of topics of interest was renewed in 2022 and evolves with the developments and trends in foundational research in computing with each edition of the conference.   
 Awards   
 Each year the SOFSEM Program Committee determines which of the contributed papers is/are deservant of the Best Student Paper Award  and the Best Paper Award  of the conference.   Best Paper and Best Student Paper Awards 2024: see | SOFSEM 2024 | . 
  Recent SOFSEM Conferences  
  SOFSEM conferences can be organized in any European country. The location of SOFSEM x+2  is normally decided at the business meeting of SOFSEM x+1  , in January or February of year x  +1. Proposals for organizing SOFSEM x+2  are welcomed any time during year x  , well ahead of this business meeting. If you/your team is interested in organizing the next SOFSEM, please get in touch with the Steering Committee.  Guidelines for proposing to organize a SOFSEM conference: | pdf | . 
  There are separate guidelines for PC chairs and organizers of a SOFSEM conference ( pdf  , or contact the steering committee). The organizers of the SOFSEM in a given year decide whether they wish to allow for e.g. exhibitions of literature (books, journals), meetings or presentations of national or international research projects, or other special activities. Interested parties should contact the organizing committee for further details. Code of Conduct  
 SOFSEM is committed to providing a safe and welcoming conference environment, where ideas can be expressed and exchanged openly and freely, where the rights and dignity of every person and group are respected, and where principles of diversity and inclusion are embraced throughout. SOFSEM subscribes to ACM's  open conference statement  and to EATCS's anti-discrimination statement  . SOFSEM Steering Committee  
  The Steering Committee sees to the continuity of SOFSEM and advises present and future PC chairs and organizers. The Steering Committee consists of: the PC chairs of three recent SOFSEMs (after 2022, with three-year terms) and five members-at-large (with three- to five-year terms). The committee can have further, advisory members. Current members:  
  Brief History of SOFSEM  
  Contact  
  The SOFSEM Steering Committee   . Sponsors  
  Back   
  Disclaimer  This website is intended for academic purposes only.   
 Last changed: October 2024.