Home 
  SPICE 
  Certification | Current rules for online activities 
  List of Working Groups 
    Suchen      
 SPICE Center  
 Presents SPICE Assessment Models and Reference Models  
 Aktuelle Seite: 
  Startseite 
  SPICE 
 What is SPICE?  
 Originally SPICE was a project funded by the European Union. The main goal of this project was to develop a counterpart to CMMI, especially focused on Small and Medium Enterprises.  
 SPICE is an abbreviation and stands for " S  oftware P  rocess I  mprovement and C  apability d E  termination". Even if software development was the main driver of the initiative at that time, the "S" in SPICE is nowadays used for the entire system development.  
 If you need access to original definition standards, you may follow this link to Automotivespice.com  and  
 Automotive SPICE® Veröffentlichungen – VDA QMC (vda-qmc.de)   
 Automotive SPICE ®  is a registered trademark of the VDA-QMC.  
 intacs ®  Hardware SPICE PRM/PAM version 3.0 was created to support electronic hardware development. Its main goals were:  
 Creation of a process reference and assessment model for electronic hardware development, which is  
  Aligned with Automotive SPICE | ® | 4.0 
 SPICE for Mechanical Engineering v2.0 PAM/PRM is designed to become the domain specific extension for Automotive SPICE ®  v4.0 for mechanical engineering. The process assessment model was completely revised and aligned with Automotive SPICE ®  4.0. In addition system-V and component-V of SPICE for Mechanical Engineering v1.x have been merged into the processes MEE:1 to MEE.5.  
 The JP-version 1.7 is the Japanese version and that there is currently no more recent version in this language. We are working on new translation.  
 Version 3.00 of Organization SPICE PRM/PAM has been released on 2024-04-19 and is now published.  
 Organization SPICE_PRM_PAM_v3.00.pdf   
 This PRM/PAM defines the fundamental business processes of data management capabilities. It is intended as a “state of the art” reference for process improvement. It defines a process assessment model (PAM) for the maturity of all types of data, data management, and for organizations processing data.  
 Data Management SPICE PRM_PAM v1.1.pdf   
 The purpose of this PRM/PAM is to provide a SPICE based Process Assessment Model for the Domain “IT Service Management”.  
 To promote & establish the application of this model in the strongly growing area of “ connected car services   ”.  
 For this purpose, we want to enhance the model with domain specific reference processes and performance indicators for area of “connected car services”. 
 SPICE-for-IT-Services-V4.0-PRM_PAM_released.pdf   
 Agile SPICE ®  shows a set of experiences collected in agile projects and being assessed following the Automotive SPICE ®  PRM/PAM.  
 Intacs has worked out guidance and bridges on how to understand the Automotive SPICE ®  definitions into the agile field.  
 Please note that the Japanese version 1.2. does not correspond to the current release status. The update will take place shortly - the master document is the English version 1.3.  
 Agile SPICE PAM v1.3 released.pdf   
 Agile SPICE PAM v1.3 released_JP.pdf   
 This PRM/PAM is a model extension to Automotive SPICE ®  4.0.  
 Test SPICE V4 has been released and is a strong PAM if you need to focus your Assessment to the testing area. Main benefits are:  
  New process architecture allows scalability of assessments 
 Modeling & Simulation SPICE is a domain-independent core PRM/PAM for systematic engineering of credible models and simulations within system development and operation. It is based on the Credible Simulation Process Framework (CSPF) from the prostep ivip association and is in line with Automotive SPICE ®  v4.0. Modeling & Simulation SPICE aims to:  
 Ensure Compliance with relevant M&S standards and regulations 
  Increase trust in M&S results and thus 
  To enable and elevate industrial M&S use 
 Modeling and Simulation SPICE PAM v09.pdf   
 International SPICE Communities and Networks  
  One of our main goals is to make intacs ®  visible all over the world. We have certified assessors in many countries, so we need an efficient way to keep them up to date with all the innovations and changes and to get feedback so we can continuously improve our scheme.  
  Therefore, the Internationalization Working Group establishes contacts with companies, industry representatives and community members in all countries to promote the intacs ®  program.  
  In addition, regional representatives are appointed to act as local contacts and communicate directly with the local intacs ®  assessors.  
 Japanese / Nippon SPICE Network  
 Articles of the Nippon SPICE Community   
 日本SPICEネットワーク - (nspice.net)   
 Chinese SPICE Network  
 Articles of the Chinese SPICE Community   
 Korean SPICE Network  
 Articles of the Korean SPICE Community   
 Indian SPICE Network  
 Articles of the Indian SPICE Community   
 Italian SPICE Network  
 Articles of the Italian SPICE Community   
 Austrian SPICE Network  
 Articles of the Austrian SPICE Community   
 Slovenian Croatian Serbian SPICE Network  
 Articles of the Slovenian, Croatian and Serbian SPICE Community   
 France Belgium Switzerland SPICE Network  
 Articles of the France, Belgium and Switzerland SPICE Community   
 © 2023 intacs.info