  Agile, DevOps and software development methodologies 
 Definition  Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (SPICE)  
 Share this item with your network: 
 By  Rahul Awati 
  What is Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (SPICE)?  
  The need for an international software standard  
 The goal of any company developing software is to produce high-quality software  using a productive and efficient team. However, this doesn't always happen due to gaps or inefficiencies in existing development processes -- issues that development teams  are not always aware of.  
 Lacking information about the what is  state, development teams cannot initiate improvements to reach a what should be  state. That is why undertaking a detailed assessment of the software development process is important. Ideally, this assessment should follow internationally accepted frameworks  and standards.  
 Here are some benefits of adopting an international standard:  
  Organizations can initiate and sustain | continuous improvements | in software processes. 
  Program managers can ensure alignment between software in development and | organizational goals | and needs. 
  ISO/IEC provides a suite of standards to undertake such an assessment in a systematic manner. These standards were developed under the SPICE project.  
  SPICE goals, objectives and benefits  
 People from more than 20 countries were involved in SPICE development. Their primary goal was to develop a consistent and validated framework for software process assessment to improve the quality and productivity of software development processes.  
 The SPICE standard creates a way to measure process capability and describe the preferred order in which activities should occur in a software development project. At the same time, it avoids a specific improvement approach as in other models, like the Capability Maturity Model  . SPICE emphasizes an organization's management and process definition structures.  
 For software suppliers, SPICE helps determine the capabilities of their own software processes. It helps them create a clear roadmap that highlights the gaps and areas of improvement in software processes. It also helps software suppliers  set priorities to better manage their improvement initiatives.  
 Software acquirers can use SPICE to determine software suppliers' processes and gauge their overall current and potential capability before investing in a supplier or their software.  
 For process assessors, SPICE provides a systematic and standardized framework to articulate the various aspects of assessments to be conducted on developed software.  
  How different organizations can use SPICE  
 Organizations can use the SPICE standard in three modes:  
 Capability determination mode. | For purchasing organizations to determine the capability of a potential software supplier. 
  Process improvement mode. | For software organizations to improve their development and | maintenance 
  Self-assessment mode. | For software organizations to assess their ability to implement a new | software project | . 
  Any company that uses the SPICE standard can get maximum benefits by first defining their why  :  
 to understand a software process 
  to initiate process improvement 
  to determine process capability 
    The SPICE reference model is divided into three modes and includes two dimensions: process and capability. Process is divided into five categories, and each process category is defined by six capability levels.     
  SPICE explained  
 Processes are divided into five categories:  
  Project. | Processes that establish the project and coordinate and | manage its resources. 
  Organization. | Processes that establish business goals and develop assets to meet those goals. 
  Each process is also defined by capability levels. A capability level is a set of common features or activities that work together to enhance an organization's or development team's capability to perform a process. Under SPICE, these capability levels are numbered from levels 0 to 5:  
 0: Not performed 
  1: Performed informally 
  5: Continuously improving 
  Process capabilities can also acquire process attributes, numbered c.x, where c is the capability level as mentioned above and x is a number associated with a specific, related attribute. Thus, 2.1 represents performance management, 2.2 represents work product management and so on.  
 The SPICE standard provides a set of documents that are used as a framework to assess software processes. This SPICE document suite contains nine parts, which are explained below.  
  The SPICE document suite  
 The SPICE document suite consists of a number of documents organizations can use during various software development phases, including -- but not limited to -- planning, development, monitoring, controlling, supply, support, etc.  
   Parts 1-6 of the SPICE document suite address process assessment, while parts 7 and 8 address process improvement or process capability determination.     
  Of the nine SPICE documents, parts 1-6 address aspects related to process assessment. Parts 7 and 8 address the use of process assessment for process improvement or process  
  capability determination. Here is a brief look at these documents.  
 Part 1 -- Concepts and introductory guide  
 This document lays down the requirements for constructing assessment instruments and provides guidance around the usability characteristics of these instruments. An assessment instrument is a tool to evaluate the adequacy or existence of practices. It enables an assessor to judge how well the practices have been implemented. It also helps them to record the collected information.  
 Part 6 -- Qualification and training of assessors  
 This document describes the assessor's competencies, education, training and experience. Whenever any software process is assessed using SPICE, at least one qualified assessor should be part of the assessment team. This person ensures that the assessment meets all requirements, checks the consistency of results, and confirms that other team members have the necessary specialized knowledge and skills  to carry out the assessment.  
 Part 7 -- Guide for use in process improvement  
 This document includes an overview of process improvement, a methodology for process improvement, the required cultural aspects for successful process improvement and the management perspective of process improvement. It acts as a guide to use process assessments to understand the current state of processes and to create process improvement plans.  
 The guide presents approaches to determine both core process capability and extended process capability.  
 Part 9 -- Vocabulary  
 This document specifies the vocabulary, consisting of definitions, related terms and concepts used in the SPICE standard.  
 See  software development trends to watch for   and how demand is increasing for  low-code app development platforms   . Also, explore  software development and testing tips   and ways to  balance app innovation with app security   .   
 This was last updated in January 2022    
  Continue Reading About Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (SPICE)  
 Tech giants foster green software engineering movement 
  23 software development metrics to track today 
 Related Terms  
 What is a Waterfall model? Definition and guide   The Waterfall model is a linear, sequential approach to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) that is popular in software ... See complete definition    What is acceptance testing?   Acceptance testing is a quality assurance (QA) process that determines to what degree an application meets end users' approval. See complete definition    What is Jira?   Jira is an application lifecycle management (ALM) and Agile project management tool from Atlassian. See complete definition       
  Dig Deeper on Agile, DevOps and software development methodologies  
  AWS 
   Cloud  Computing    12-step checklist for cloud migration success | Ready to move your on-premises apps to the cloud? From rehosting vs. redesigning to testing and monitoring, follow these key ... 
  Microsoft Launches Azure Local for Hybrid Cloud, edge uses | Along with Azure Local, Microsoft launched a migration tool for enterprises that want to ditch their VMware by Broadcom VMs. 
  How to migrate legacy applications to the cloud | Enticing as cloud benefits are, it takes a lot of research and planning to know all the risks and challenges before committing to... 
 Search  App  Architecture    Webhooks explained simply, with examples | Webhooks make significant use of basic API call mechanisms and set event triggers in a few clicks of a button -- all without the ... 
  Managing complexity: Event-driven architecture explained | Event-driven architecture is complex, but so are today's data challenges. Discover ways to manage dynamic and distributed ... 
  8 microservices best practices to remember | From integrating domain-driven design to securing APIs, explore a range of microservices best practices for building a resilient ... 
 Search  IT  Operations    WasmCloud makes strides with Wasm component model | After a stall in 2023, this year's WASI Preview 2 pushed server-side WebAssembly forward, turning heads at companies such as ... 
  Rethinking 'secure by design' amid slippery SecOps shifts | An expert discusses the fallout from a CISA report that raised doubts about the last decade's DevSecOps trend, and where the ... 
  IT pros revise pipelines for software supply chain security | Software supply chain security has reached an awkward stage for enterprise IT, as platform and security pros grapple with adding ... 
