Skip to content      
   SPLC 2023 | Sponsors | How to become a Sponsor 
  Venue 
  History – Software and Systems Product Line Conferences 
  Call for Student Volunteers 
  Important Dates 
  Call for Journal of Systems and Software: Special Issue Following SPLC’2023 
  Program | Main Conference: Detailed Program 
  Pre-Conference Events & Workshops Detailed Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Photos 
  SPLC Banquet 
  Committees | Organization 
  Program Committees 
  Registration 
 27TH ACM INTERNATIONAL SYSTEMS AND SOFTWARE PRODUCT LINE CONFERENCE (SPLC 2023)  
  Image credit: Flickr/Derrick Brutel (CC BY-SA 2.0)   A FORUM FOR RESEARCHERS, PRACTITIONERS AND EDUCATORS  
 August 28 – September 1, 2023  
  Venue: Hitotsubashi Hall, Tokyo, Japan  
 The Systems and Software Product Line Conference (SPLC)  is a premier forum where researchers, practitioners, and educators can present and discuss the most recent ideas, trends, experiences, and challenges in the area of software and system product lines engineering. Conference events include opportunities to hear industry leaders’ real-world experiences and researchers’ latest ideas and to learn from both.  
 The 27th ACM International Systems and Software Product Line Conference (SPLC 2023) will be held from August 28th to September 1st at Hitotsubashi Hall  in Tokyo, Japan.  
 The conference will include a highly selective program of research papers and industry papers, accompanied by keynote speeches, workshops, demonstrations, tutorials, panels, and doctoral symposium. Besides, SPLC 2023 advocates the discussion of challenges in the area of software and system product line engineering by adding a challenge track and encourage research discussion by a journal first track. We warmly welcome high quality papers, which describe original and unpublished research advancing the state of the art in software and system product line. We hope that SPLC 2023 can successfully bring an opportunity to hear and learn from both leaders’ real-world experiences and researchers’ latest ideas.  
 For information on previous editions of SPLC, please refer to its homepage www.splc.net  .  
 Sponsors  
 SPLC 2023 provides an excellent opportunity for researchers and practitioners to meet, exchange ideas, and initiate new collaborations. It is an open and friendly forum where you could advertise your company or institutions, showcase your projects and tools.  
 We invite sponsorship to strengthen the organization of the SPLC 2023 conference and enhance the exposure of the community. Learn more about sponsorship   or Get in touch with the Finance/Sponsor Chair!    
 Gold Sponsors  
 Further sponsors  
 SPLC on Twitter  
 WordPress Theme - Total  by HashThemes