SSBSE 2023   Fri 8 Dec 2023 San Francisco, California, United States    
 co-located with ESEC/FSE 2023    
 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: San Francisco Marriott Marquis 
  SSBSE Registration 
  Sponsorship 
  Program | SSBSE Program 
  Your Program 
   Fri 8 Dec 
  Tracks | SSBSE 2023 
  Research Papers 
  Hot off the Press 
  RENE / NIER 
  Challenge Track 
  Organization | SSBSE 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    SSBSE 2024 
  SSBSE 2023 
  SSBSE 2022 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
 SSBSE 2023  
 Welcome to the website of the Symposium on Search-Based Software Engineering (SSBSE) 2023. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon!  
 We are planning to have the following tracks:  
 Main research 
  SBSE Challenge 
  Hot off the Press (HOP) 
  SSBSE 2023 will take place December 8th in San Francisco, co-located with ESEC/FSE 2023  .  
  Proceedings   
 The conference proceedings  are freely available online for four weeks starting December 4th, 2023 until January 15, 2024.  
 About SSBSE   
 Search-based Software Engineering (SBSE) is a research area focused on the formulation of software engineering problems as search problems, and the subsequent use of complex heuristic techniques to attain optimal solutions to such problems. A wealth of engineering challenges – from test generation, to design refactoring, to process organization – can be solved efficiently through the application of automated optimization techniques. SBSE is a growing field – sitting at the crossroads between AI, machine learning, and software engineering – and SBSE techniques have begun to attain human-competitive results.  
 The Symposium on Search-Based Software Engineering is a venue dedicated to the SBSE research field. We invite the submission of high-quality papers describing novel and original work in all areas of SBSE including, but not limited to, applications of SBSE to novel problems, theoretical analyses of search algorithms for software engineering, rigorous empirical evaluations of SBSE techniques, and reports of industrial experiences.  
  SSBSE 2023 Tracks   
 Research Papers  | Hot off the Press  | Keynote  | RENE / NIER  | SSBSE 2023 - Challenge Track    
  SSBSE 2023   
  contact form    
 Attending  
 Venue: San Francisco Marriott Marquis   
  SSBSE Registration    
 Sign Up