 July 10–12, 2023 — Los Angeles, California USA  
 Home 
  Program Committee 
  Attend 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Registration 
  Travel & Visa Information 
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline  : April 30, 2023  
 Notification  : June 2, 2023  
 Camera-Ready Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Author Registration Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Supporters  
 Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist    
 Welcome to SSDBM 2023  
 SSDBM 2023 will be hosted by the University of Southern California’s Information Sciences Institute (USC/ISI)  and will continue the tradition of past SSDBM meetings in providing a stimulating environment to encourage discussion, fellowship and exchange of ideas. The conference will be held in-person  in Marina del Rey, California USA (coastal Los Angeles area).  
 Announcements  
 Accepted papers | have been announced. 
  Camera-ready | papers and | author registration | deadlines have been extended. 
  Registration is now open! 
  Notifications to authors will be sent on June 2, 2023. 
  Submission deadline has been extended to April 30, 2023. 
  Call for Papers is announced! Please see this page (calls) for full details. 
  News and Highlights  
 The conference program will consist of 3 | keynotes | , 16 full paper presentations, 8 short paper presentations, 9 posters, and 1 demonstration (see | accepted papers | ). 
  The best papers will be considered for publication in | Distributed and Parallel Databases (DAPD) | . 
  Regular, short, poster and demo papers will be accepted in the research track. All papers will appear in the proceedings to be published by | Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) | International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS) | and will appear in the | ACM Digital Library | and many | indexing providers | . 
  Conference Officers  
 Organization Committee  
  Robert Schuler, University of Southern California  
 Short Paper Chair   
  Kyle Chard, University of Chicago and Argonne National Lab  
