 ​     
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the five symposium tracks:   
 Track A. Self-stabilizing Systems: Theory and Practice   
  Interoperability across systems 
 SSS Tracks     
 New Conference Model    
 This year, we experiment a new conference model. There will be TWO deadlines. The review process for these two deadlines will not overlap to allow papers rejected during the first review phase to be reworked, corrected, and enhanced before being resubmitted on the second review round, if wished by the authors. Papers may be submitted at only one deadline. Of course, accepted papers of the first review round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted to the second round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the first phase will be transmitted to the reviewers of the second phase.   
 Double-blind Review    
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double-blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identity of the authors. Please feel free to ask the PC chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2022.   
 Important Dates    
 First Acceptance Notification: May 11, 2023    
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: May 21, 2023    
 Second Acceptance Notification: July 23, 2023    
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 1, 2023    
 Paper Submission    
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EasyChair        
 All submission must conform to the formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series (see the guidelines here    ).   
 Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format.   
 All corresponding authors must fill out and submit the License to Publish Form found here   .    
 Authors are encouraged to include their ORCIDs  in the proceedings.   
 Submissions    
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements.   
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). 
  A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. 
 Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed.   
 Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.   
 Publication    
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series. Previous publications can be viewed here    .   
 ​   
 ​     
 ​   
 Paper Award    
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student paper award (e.g., using a \thanks in the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards.   
 ©2022 by 25th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems.    
