  Special Issues 
  All Publications 
  Conference Review   Hindsight, Insight, Foresight: Australian Science Communicators (ASC) Conference 2023  
 Lisa Bailey  ,  Heather J. Bray      
  Reviewed Conference   
 Australian Science Communicators (ASC) Conference 2023  
  Canberra, Australia, 15–17 February 2023  
 1   Science engagement strategy for Australia: can we have a ‘vegemite’ approach with a ‘nutella’ outcome?  
 This theme was continued when Prof. the Hon. Kim Carr addressed the audience on day two [  Carruthers, 2023  ]. Prof. Carr was instrumental in developing the Inspiring Australia  strategy which initially included recommendations to develop the evidence-base for science communication. Although that research agenda was not supported for very long, other key pillars of the strategy, such as celebrating science achievement through the Prime Minister’s Science Prizes, and the National Science Week program remain prominent events on the Australian science engagement calendar. There are rumours that the current government will revisit this strategy, and throughout the conference our current ASC presidents, Jirana Boontanjai and Dr. Tom Carruthers reminded us that we need to show how science communication in Australia is about more than ‘wonderment’ and demonstrate our key role in the science engagement landscape in Australia if we want a broader role in ‘Inspiring Australia 2.0’.  
 2   Welcome to our robot overlords  
 Of course, it didn’t take long for the conference to turn to the rise of the chatbots, with the Chief Scientist citing the rise of ‘AI expertise’ as one of the challenges for science communication. No matter what the impacts will be, AI is something that science communicators will need to know how to work with. Discussions explored the impacts on assessment within education, authorship and AI-generated works, and practitioners embracing AI as tool for ideation or even content generation. Jasmine Fellows, business manager and former editor of Double Helix  magazine, gave an example of a recent Double Helix  edition featuring AI-generated images and text. The discussions raised more questions than answers: how do we acknowledge the use of these tools? What happens with issues of attribution and compensation for images generated using algorithms trained on huge repositories of artwork without the artists’ permission? What role should science communicators have in developing ethical frameworks for use of AI? Will the innovations of AI exacerbate social inequalities?  
 3   You can’t do it alone  
 Publication date  
 Jun 12, 2023   
 Licence  
