 Read instantly on your browser with Kindle for Web.  
  Using your mobile phone camera - scan the code below and download the Kindle app.  
 Image Unavailable  
 Purchase options and add-ons  
 This open access book constitutes the proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Tools and Algorithms for the Construction and Analysis of Systems, TACAS 2023, which was held as part of the European Joint Conferences on Theory and Practice of Software, ETAPS 2023, during April 22-27, 2023, in Paris, France.   
 The proceedings also contain 1 invited talk in full paper length, 13 tool papers of the affiliated competition SV-Comp and 1 paper consisting of the competition report.   
 TACAS is a forum for researchers, developers, and users interested in rigorously based tools and algorithms for the construction and analysis of systems. The conference aims to bridge the gaps between different communities with this common interest and to support them in their quest to improve the utility, reliability, flexibility, and efficiency of tools and algorithms for building computer-controlled systems.   
  Read more     
  Edition     1st ed. 2023 
  Publisher     Springer 
  Publication date     20 April 2023 
  Language     English 
 From the Back Cover   
 This open access book constitutes the proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Tools and Algorithms for the Construction and Analysis of Systems, TACAS 2023, which was held as part of the European Joint Conferences on Theory and Practice of Software, ETAPS 2023, during April 22-27, 2023, in Paris, France.   
 The proceedings also contain 1 invited talk in full paper length, 13 tool papers of the affiliated competition SV-Comp and 1 paper consisting of the competition report.   
 TACAS is a forum for researchers, developers, and users interested in rigorously based tools and algorithms for the construction and analysis of systems. The conference aims to bridge the gaps between different communities with this common interest and to support them in their quest to improve the utility, reliability, flexibility, and efficiency of tools and algorithms for building computer-controlled systems.   
  Product details  
 Publisher ‏ : ‎  Springer; 1st ed. 2023 edition (20 April 2023) 
  Language ‏ : ‎  English 
