  We are glad to announce that TIME will be back to an | in-person conference | ! We look forward to welcoming the TIME community to Athens after 3 years of online events. 
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register early and physically attend TIME 2023 to present their work. | Participants who are not giving a presentation may attend TIME 2023 remotely; of course, we strongly encourage physical participation! 
  In addition to theoretical work, we invite submissions focusing on the development, deployment and evaluation of | systems | for temporal reasoning. Such systems papers will be evaluated primarily on the quality of the empirical evaluation and reusability. 
  The authors of the top-ranked papers will be invited to submit an extended version of their contribution to a special issue in | Information and Computation | . 
 Topics  
 Topics for TIME 2023 include (but are not limited to):  
 Time in Artificial Intelligence 
  Time in Data Science 
  Temporal Logic and Reasoning 
  Spatial and temporal reasoning 
  Time in natural language processing 
  Reasoning about action and change 
  Complex event recognition and forecasting 
  Planning and planning languages 
  Ontologies of time and space-time 
  Belief and uncertainty in temporal knowledge 
  Temporal learning and discovery 
  Temporal query processing and indexing 
  Temporal data mining 
  Time-series data management 
  Stream data management 
  Spatio-temporal data management, including moving objects 
 TIME policy is single blind, so the names of the authors need not be hidden in the submitted draft. Members of the program committee are allowed to submit papers. Submitted papers will be refereed for quality, correctness, originality, and relevance to the conference.  
 Extended Abstracts  
 In addition to traditional papers, we invite submissions of extended abstracts presenting work-in-progress or summarising work that has been published elsewhere. The authors of the accepted extended abstracts will present their work at the symposium, while the extended abstracts will appear in the proceedings of TIME 2023.  
 Submission details:  The submission should be a two-page extended abstract following the format  for regular TIME 2023 papers. The extended abstract should present the main contributions of the work and discuss its relevance to TIME.  
 Important dates:   
 Notification: | June 30, 2023 
 Final camera-ready version: | July 14, 2023 
 Important Dates  
 Notifications: | June 16,   June 30, 2023 
 Final camera-ready version: | July 14, 2023 
 Conference: | September 25-26, 2023 
 Venue  
 TIME 2023 will take place at the National Centre for Scientific Research (NCSR) ‘Demokritos’  in Athens, Greece.  
 Please see the instructions  to reach the venue of TIME 2023.  
 Accommodation  
 Potential Hotels for your stay during TIME 2023:  
 President Hotel 4* 
 Laura Nenzi  , University of Trieste, Italy 
 Title  : Learning Temporal Logic Formulas from Time-series Data 
 Abstract  : The availability of data has spurred the utilization of machine learning techniques for system analysis. While these methods excel in complex, high-dimensional scenarios and generate powerful black-box models, they often lack uncertainty measures and fail to fully understand the underlying mechanisms. This limitation becomes especially crucial in safety-critical systems, where failures can be costly. Therefore, designers must comprehend system phenomena and extract meaningful knowledge from the data. To tackle this challenge, recent research has explored the application of learning Temporal Logic (TL) formulae as a means of extracting human-interpretable information. TL offers precise formal formulae that are easily comprehensible to humans and provides verification algorithms that can automatically evaluate the fulfillment of desired properties. In this talk, we provide an overview of recent advancements in this field, with a specific focus on learning Signal Temporal Logic (STL) formulae. STL is particularly well-suited for expressing properties related to real-time trajectories. We delve into supervised and semi-supervised learning problems, highlighting the utility of TL formulae, e.g. for anomaly detection. Additionally, we show how the consideration of spatial aspects in system behavior can be accomplished by using STREL, an extension of STL with a number of spatial operators. 
 Program  
 You may find a tentative program for TIME 2023 below.  
 Monday, 25 September 2023 
 Tuesday, 26 September 2023 
 Invited talk  : Laura Nenzi | Learning Temporal Logic Formulas from Time-series Data DOI  Slides 
