2024   
 WEAR: An Outdoor Sports Dataset for Wearable and Egocentric Activity Recognition  , Marius Bock and Hilde Kuehne and Kristof Van Laerhoven and Michael Moeller, In Proc. ACM Interact. Mob. Wearable Ubiquitous Technol. (IMWUT)  , vol.8(4)2024. [ abstract Research has shown the complementarity of camera- and inertial-based data for modeling human activities, yet datasets with both egocentric video and inertial-based sensor data remain scarce. In this paper, we introduce WEAR, an outdoor sports dataset for both vision- and inertial-based human activity recognition (HAR). Data from 22 participants performing a total of 18 different workout activities was collected with synchronized inertial (acceleration) and camera (egocentric video) data recorded at 11 different outside locations. WEAR provides a challenging prediction scenario in changing outdoor environments using a sensor placement, in line with recent trends in real-world applications. Benchmark results show that through our sensor placement, each modality interestingly offers complementary strengths and weaknesses in their prediction performance. Further, in light of the recent success of single-stage Temporal Action Localization (TAL) models, we demonstrate their versatility of not only being trained using visual data, but also using raw inertial data and being capable to fuse both modalities by means of simple concatenation. The dataset and code to reproduce experiments is publicly available via: \url{mariusbock.github.io/wear/}.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 Temporal Action Localization for Inertial-based Human Activity Recognition  , Marius Bock and Michael Moeller and Kristof Van Laerhoven, In Proc. ACM Interact. Mob. Wearable Ubiquitous Technol. (IMWUT)  , vol.8(4)2024. [ abstract As of today, state-of-the-art activity recognition from wearable sensors relies on algorithms being trained to classify fixed windows of data. In contrast, video-based Human Activity Recognition, known as Temporal Action Localization (TAL), has followed a segment-based prediction approach, localizing activity segments in a timeline of arbitrary length. This paper is the first to systematically demonstrate the applicability of state-of-the-art TAL models for both offline and near-online Human Activity Recognition (HAR) using raw inertial data as well as pre-extracted latent features as input. Offline prediction results show that TAL models are able to outperform popular inertial models on a multitude of HAR benchmark datasets, with improvements reaching as much as 26\% in F1-score. We show that by analyzing timelines as a whole, TAL models can produce more coherent segments and achieve higher NULL-class accuracy across all datasets. We demonstrate that TAL is less suited for the immediate classification of small-sized windows of data, yet offers an interesting perspective on inertial-based HAR -- alleviating the need for fixed-size windows and enabling algorithms to recognize activities of arbitrary length. With design choices and training concepts yet to be explored, we argue that TAL architectures could be of significant value to the inertial-based HAR community. The code and data download to reproduce experiments is publicly available via \url{github.com/mariusbock/tal_for_har}.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 What is a control room? In search of a definition using Word Embeddings  , Poehler, Jonas and Flegel, Nadine and Mentler, Tilo and Van Laerhoven, Kristof, In Mensch und Computer 2024 - Workshopband  , 2024. [ abstract Definitions are hard. But they provide valuable insight into the subject at hand. This paper presents a comprehensive analysis of the term "control room" using word embeddings to provide a nuanced definition. The study leverages the ACM Digital Library to compile a corpus of texts related to control rooms, generating word embeddings to capture semantic relationships. Key aspects identified include the physical space, ergonomic design, multimodal information presentation, warning systems, contextual awareness, and command functions of control rooms. The analysis also explores adjacent clusters, highlighting tactile interfaces, interactive surfaces, and the use of large displays to enhance operator performance and situational awareness. The findings underscore the technological, ergonomic, and operational dimensions critical to the definition and functionality of control rooms.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 Beyond the Smartphone  , Kristof Van Laerhoven, In Mobile Sensing in Psychology, Methods and Applications  , 2024. [ abstract Wearable sensors hold multiple advantages: Having sensors that are closer, on the skin, to the human user allows for more information and, when those sensors are worn throughout the day (and, in many cases, even night and day), the data these sensors produce tend to cover many aspects of the user’s life. This chapter attempts to predict what type of wearable sensors—for there are many—and to what extent wearables will be particularly attractive as mobile sensors in psychology. As is the case with predictions, this only makes sense when looking at the prevailing and current trends in research in the area of wearable sensing, in order to be able to extrapolate what might become feasible in the coming years and decades. Technology-wise, this does not only depend on the sensors themselves: Other key components that have become common in wearables, such as wireless communication and energy demands, are equally important in this picture. Furthermore, the concept of wearable sensing does not depend only on the used hardware components: The information that is generated from the sensor signals, and where and how this information is analyzed, abstracted, and interpreted, are equally important. From these analyses of what will become technically possible in wearable sensing, a set of promising applications is extracted and presented in the final section of this chapter.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ]  
 2023   
 Hang-Time HAR: A Benchmark Dataset for Basketball Activity Recognition Using Wrist-Worn Inertial Sensors  , Hoelzemann, Alexander and Romero, Julia Lee and Bock, Marius and Laerhoven, Kristof Van and Lv, Qin, In Sensors  , vol.23(13)2023. [ abstract We present a benchmark dataset for evaluating physical human activity recognition methods from wrist-worn sensors, for the specific setting of basketball training, drills, and games. Basketball activities lend themselves well for measurement by wrist-worn inertial sensors, and systems that are able to detect such sport-relevant activities could be used in applications of game analysis, guided training, and personal physical activity tracking. The dataset was recorded from two teams in separate countries (USA and Germany) with a total of 24 players who wore an inertial sensor on their wrist, during both a repetitive basketball training session and a game. Particular features of this dataset include an inherent variance through cultural differences in game rules and styles as the data was recorded in two countries, as well as different sport skill levels since the participants were heterogeneous in terms of prior basketball experience. We illustrate the dataset's features in several time-series analyses and report on a baseline classification performance study with two state-of-the-art deep learning architectures.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 Hang-Time HAR: A Benchmark Dataset for Basketball Activity Recognition using Wrist-worn Inertial Sensors  , Alexander Hoelzemann and Julia Lee Romero and Marius Bock and Kristof Van Laerhoven and Qin Lv, 2023. [ abstract We present a benchmark dataset for evaluating physical human activity recognition methods from wrist-worn sensors, for the specific setting of basketball training, drills, and games. Basketball activities lend themselves well for measurement by wrist-worn inertial sensors, and systems that are able to detect such sport-relevant activities could be used in applications toward game analysis, guided training, and personal physical activity tracking. The dataset was recorded for two teams from separate countries (USA and Germany) with a total of 24 players who wore an inertial sensor on their wrist, during both repetitive basketball training sessions and full games. Particular features of this dataset include an inherent variance through cultural differences in game rules and styles as the data was recorded in two countries, as well as different sport skill levels, since the participants were heterogeneous in terms of prior basketball experience. We illustrate the dataset's features in several time-series analyses and report on a baseline classification performance study with two state-of-the-art deep learning architectures.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 UbiComp/ISWC '23 Adjunct: Adjunct Proceedings of the 2023 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing and the 2023 ACM International Symposium on Wearable Computing  , Monica Tentori and Nadir Weibel and Kristof Van Laerhoven and Zhongyi Zhou, 2023. [ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 EyesOnMe: Investigating Haptic and Visual User Guidance for Near-Eye Positioning of Mobile Phones for Self-Eye-Examinations  , Luca Maxim Meinhardt and Kristof Van Laerhoven and David Dobbelstein, In Extended Abstracts of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems  , p.1–10, 2023. [ abstract The scarcity of professional ophthalmic equipment in rural areas and during exceptional situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic highlights the need for tele-ophthalmology. This late-breaking work presents a novel method for guiding users to a specific pose (3D position and 3D orientation) near the eye for mobile self-eye examinations using a smartphone. The user guidance is implemented utilizing haptic and visual modalities to guide the user and subsequently capture a close-up photo of the user’s eyes. In a within-subject user study (n=24), the required time, success rate, and perceived demand for the visual and haptic feedback conditions were examined. The results indicate that haptic feedback was the most efficient and least cognitively demanding in the positioning task near the eye, whereas relying on only visual feedback can be more difficult due to the near focus point or refractive errors.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 Investigating Cognitive Load in Emergency Control Room Simulations  , Poehler, Jonas and Vitt, Antonia and Flegel, Nadine and Mentler, Tilo and Van Laerhoven, Kristof, 2023. [ abstract We propose a novel approach to measure cognitive load in emergency control room operators using their breathing patterns. By using LstSim, a community-driven emergency control room simulator, we aim to recreate the work environment of a dispatcher, induce a cognitive load, and measure the response in the user’s breathing. Participants were monitored and recorded through wearable sensors, depth cameras below the screens, and simulation-internal parameters and interactions. The participants’ breathing patterns were analyzed to identify changes in breathing amplitude in response to varying levels of cognitive load. The results of our study provide compelling evidence that a simulated control room environment is successful in inducing cognitive load on participants shown in a significant increase in NASA TLX scores as well as a 13% increase in breathing amplitude. Despite the challenges posed by this individual variability, our findings also highlight the potential of using breathing as a real-time, noninvasive measure of cognition in control rooms. This has significant implications for the design and operation of emergency control rooms, potentially leading to the development of more responsive systems that adapt to the operator’s cognition load, thereby enhancing performance and effectiveness.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 Does Automation Scale? Notes From an HCI Perspective  , Tilo Mentler and Nadine Flegel and Jonas Pöhler and Kristof Van Laerhoven, In AutomationXP23: Intervening, Teaming, Delegating - Creating Engaging Automation Experiences  , 2023. [ abstract Computer-based interactive systems increasingly shape all areas of life. Scalability with respect to human computer interaction (HCI) is an umbrella term under which various developments in this regard are discussed (e.g., growing numbers of users, variety of devices). However, scalability relates not only to user interface and interaction design but to automation. Whether and how automation scales or can be scaled regarding HCI has hardly been addressed by previous research. By introducing a one-day user journey focusing on automation experience, we discuss characteristics and research directions for safe and satisfying scaled automation experiences.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ]  
 A chat with Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde - Intent in chatbot communication  , Poehler, Jonas and Flegel, Nadine and Mentler, Tilo and Van Laerhoven, Kristof, In 2022 10th International Conference on Affective Computing and Intelligent Interaction Workshops and Demos (ACIIW)  , p.1--3, 2022. [ abstract What would happen if a chatbot tries to manipulate your emotions? Can a modern language model output stable sentiment oriented conversations which can manipulate the user? We propose a framework to explore chatbots which have hidden intentions in their interaction with the user.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 {IBSync}: Intra-body synchronization and implicit contextualization of wearable devices using artificial ECG landmarks  , Wolling, Florian and Van Laerhoven, Kristof, In Frontiers in Computer Science  , vol.4, 2022. [ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 WashSpot: Real-Time Spotting and Detection of Enacted Compulsive Hand Washing with Wearable Devices  , Burchard, Robin and Scholl, Philipp M, and Lieb, Roselind and Van Laerhoven, Kristof and Wahl, Karina, In UbiComp/ISWC ’22 Adjunct Proceedings  , 2022. [ abstract The automatic detection of hand washing has numerous applications in work and medical environments. Checking the compliance with hygiene standard in hospitals, or personal hygiene support are examples thereof. However, hand-washing can also become pathological and is a symptom of the obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) spectrum. Individuals suffering from OCD are compelled to wash their hands often to the extent of harming themselves. Automatically spotting compulsive hand-washing throughout the day can assist therapeutic interventions by augmenting the on-going monitoring of compulsions. Based on this the therapist can gauge the efficacy of the chosen interventions. We present WashSpot, a neural-network based method to spot (compulsive) hand-washing on commercially available Smartwatches using inertial motion sensor data.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 Use Cases and Design of a Virtual Cross-Domain Control Room Simulator  , Mentler, Tilo and Flegel, Nadine and Pöhler, Jonas and Van Laerhoven, Kristof, In Mensch und Computer 2022 - Workshopband  , 2022. [ abstract Control rooms are facilities of central importance in many safety critical domains (e.g., rescue services, traffic management, power supply). At the same time, they are characterized by a complex IT infrastructure that can only be integrated and adapted to a limited extent for research activities in the area of human-computer interaction. Previous work has already shown that virtual reality simulators of control rooms can be a suitable tool for these purposes. However, the solutions to date are very domain-specific, which makes it difficult to transfer knowledge and also to test aspects that are not primarily domain-specific (e.g., multimodal forms of interaction). This paper presents the concept of a domain independent control room simulator and the development status regarding two use cases (build mode, simulation mode). Finally, further development and use of this approach are discussed.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
 Evaluation of Precision, Accuracy and Threshold for the Design of Vibrotactile Feedback in Eye Tracking Applications  , Fischer, Anke and Wendt, Thomas and Gawron, Philipp and Stiglmeier, Lukas and Van Laerhoven, Kristof, In Sensors and Measuring Systems; 21th ITG/GMA-Symposium  , p.1--6, 2022. [ abstract A novelty solution for controls of assistive technology represent the usage of eye tracking devices such as for smart wheelchairs and robotic arms. In this context usage supporting methods like artificial feedback are not well explored. Vibrotactile feedback has shown to be helpful to decrease the cognitive load on the visual and auditive channels and can provide a perception of touch. People with severe limitations of motor functions could benefit from eye tracking controls supported with vibrotactile feedback. In this study fundamental results will be presented in the design of an appropriate vibrotactile feedback system for eye tracking applications. We will show that a perceivable vibrotactile stimulus has no significant effect on the accuracy and precision of a head worn eye tracking device. It is anticipated that the results of this paper will lead to new insights in the design of vibrotactile feedback for eye tracking applications and eye tracking controls.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ]  
 "I Want My Control Room To Be...": On the Aesthetics of Interaction in a Safety-Critical Working Environment  , Flegel, Nadine and Poehler, Jonas and Van Laerhoven, Kristof and Mentler, Tilo, In Mensch und Computer 2022 (MuC ’22)  , p.7, 2022. [ abstract Control rooms are safety-relevant working environments characterized by complex IT infrastructure. With regard to the interaction of operators with control room systems, usability has been the major criteria for decades. However, there is increasing discussion about the extent to which the concept of user experience (UX) also plays a role in such safety-critical contexts. What is still largely missing is the application of concrete UX-specific methods in the context of control rooms. This paper explains how and with what results 9 operators used an interaction vocabulary focusing on pragmatic and hedonic qualities to complete the sentence “I want my control room to be... ”. Results first suggest that pragmatic, i.e., usability-oriented, attributions are of greater importance to operators. However, especially the more UX-specific terms of the interaction vocabulary, which were initially not found to be so relevant, yielded many valuable hints and inspiration for the future design of control room workplaces. By reflecting on the process of discussing the aesthetics of interactions in such a safety-critical working environment, recommendations are provided for considering UX in safety.    ][ pdf  ][ scholar  ][ bibtex  ]  
