  Program | Main Conference 
  Pre-Conference 
  Main Paper Sessions 
  Keynotes 
  Plenary Panel 
  UbiComp / ISWC 2023   
 8-12 October  
  2023   
 Cancún, Mexico   
 UbiComp / ISWC returns to face-to-face conference!  
  The conference will be held from 8-12th October, 2023 in Cancún, Mexico.  
  Registrations Live! Early Deadline: August 8, 2023.  
 Recent Posts  
  Sensory Rooms to Support All Attendees 
  Families and Children Initiatives 
  Closing Keynote (October 12) – Yeshimabeit “Yeshi” Milner 
  Conference Rates still available at the Presidente and Aloft Hotels 
  Family Room and Sensory Rooms at UbiComp/ISWC 2023 
 UbiComp / ISWC is a premier interdisciplinary venue in which leading international researchers, designers, developers, and practitioners in the field present and discuss novel results in all aspects of ubiquitous, pervasive and wearable computing. This includes the design, development, and deployment of ubiquitous, pervasive and wearable computing technologies and the understanding of human experiences and social impacts that these technologies facilitate.  
 The conference will be held on 8-12th October, 2023  in Cancún, Mexico  . More information regarding the program, attendance and paper calls will be available soon.  
 Papers published by the Proceedings of the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT) are invited to present at the main technical tracks of the conference. UbiComp / ISWC also features a separate track for ISWC Briefs and Notes, as well as Workshops, Tutorials, Posters & Demos, Student Challenges, a Doctoral Symposium, and an array of Keynotes.  
 Registration is now open!  Join us for UbiComp/ISWC 2023 in-person!   
  We are excited to see the community back together in the beautiful Cancun, Mexico.   
 Sponsors  
 We would like to thank our awesome sponsors for supporting the 2023 Ubicomp/ISWC community. Your help shapes the conference and will benefit students, researchers, and practitioners to advance our knowledge.   
 Supporters  
 Conference Start:   
  October 10, 2023  
 Pre-Conference  (  Workshops, Tutorials, Symposia, DC):  
  October 8-9, 2023  
 Ubicomp-ISWC  
 ISWC-specific  
 UbiComp / ISWC   
 Past Conferences   
 The ACM international joint conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing ( UbiComp  ) is the result of a merger of the two most renowned conferences in the field: Pervasive and UbiComp. While it retains the name of the latter in recognition of the visionary work of Mark Weiser, its long name reflects the dual history of the new event.   
 A complete list of UbiComp, Pervasive, and ISWC past conferences is provided below.   
 View all     
