 Mitchell L. Gordon (MIT and University of Washington)  
 Description:  
 The new generation of generative AI models offers interactive opportunities that may fulfill long-standing aspirations in human-computer interaction and open doors to new forms of interaction that we have yet to imagine. The UIST community has a unique vantage point that can lead to critical contributions in envisioning a future of interactive computing that appropriately leverages the power of these new generative AI models. However, we are only just beginning to understand the research area that exists at the intersection of interaction and generative AI. By bringing together members of the UIST community interested in this intersection, we seek to initiate discussions on the potential of generative AI in architecting new forms of interactions. Key topics of interest include the exploration of novel categories of interactions made possible by generative AI, the development of methods for enabling more powerful and direct user control of generative AI, and the identification of model and architecture requirements for generative AI in interaction literature. The workshop will foster community building and produce concrete deliverables, including a research agenda, model/architecture requirements, and a simulated debate generated by a generative agent architecture.  
 Program Overview  
 Lightning talks 
 Huaishu Peng (University of Maryland, College Park)  
 Description:  
 This workshop provides the first opportunity for the UIST community to discuss sustainability challenges and opportunities in rapid prototyping. We will discuss key issues such as waste generation from intermediate prototypes, strategies for sustainable materials, circular prototyping (e.g., promoting re-use of components), knowledge sharing infrastructures (e.g., open-sourcing hardware), and so forth. The goal is to identify potential HCI research directions that can foster a more sustainable “making” environment inside of labs and beyond.  
 Program Overview  
 Opening and short keynotes 
  Breakout sessions 
  Discussion (Defining Future Challenges and Research Directions) 
  © Copyright 2023 ACM SIGCHI