  Deadlines  
 Papers (abstract) | Thursday, March 30, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Papers (full submission) | Wednesday, April 5, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Papers (video) | Friday, April 7, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Posters | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Demos | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Workshops | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Doctoral Symposium | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Visions | Saturday, August 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Student Innovation Contest | Tuesday, August 22, 2023 
 Student Volunteers | Tuesday August 22, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Access the UIST 2023 author guide   
  Papers  
 Papers are the main medium for conveying new research results at UIST and must describe original, unpublished work.  
 Abstracts due (title, abstract, author list) | Thursday, March 30, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Papers due (paper PDF) | Wednesday, April 5, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Videos due | Friday, April 7, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Accessibility alt-text and video subtitles due | Tuesday, April 11, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Initial reviews sent to authors. | Thursday, May 25, 2023 
 Two-week rebuttal period starts (all papers have a rebuttal opportunity, no cut-off) 
 Rebuttals due | Thursday, June 8, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Decisions sent to authors (conditional acceptance or rejection) | Saturday, June 24, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Final reviews sent to authors | Thursday, June 29, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Camera-ready versions due | Friday, July 28, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Final acceptance decision | Thursday, August 3, 2023 
 Video preview due | Thursday, August 10, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Submission Formatting Guidelines for UIST 2023  
 We strongly recommend submitting papers in the 2-column format  , but will accept papers for review as either 1- or 2- column paper format if you are authoring in Word. The rationale for strongly recommending a 2-column format is that reviewers have generally expressed a strong preference for printing and reading PDFs in a two-column format. Additionally, the PDFs that appear in the digital library are ultimately two-column. However, as we do use the TAPS workflow, we understand that Word users may want to utilize the single-column template.  
 Revised Papers from Prior Submission:  To ensure consistency of the review process, we encourage authors of previously rejected papers to upload the prior version of the paper, corresponding reviews, and summary of changes from the last round of submission as part of the UIST 2023 paper submission process.  
 Submission Information  
 Submission Platform   
 All materials must be submitted electronically to PCS 2.0 by the abstract and paper deadline | . 
  In PCS 2.0, first click “Submissions” at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society, conference, and track select “SIGCHI”, “UIST 2023” and “UIST 2023 Papers”, respectively, and press “Go.” 
 Submission Format and Length   
 We will adopt the ACM TAPS Workflow | . 
  For | LaTeX authors | , submissions should be made using the double-column format ( | example PDF | ) using | \documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart} | . 
  For | Word authors | , submissions should be made using either the double-column format ( | submission template | , | example PDF | ) or the single-column template ( | submission template | , | example PDF | ). 
 Anonymity   
 Anonymous, i.e. authors must remove their names and affiliations throughout all submission materials (paper, videos, supplementary material) | [anonymity policy] 
 Selection Process   
 Publication   
 Archival, i.e. accepted papers will be published in the ACM Digital Library and distributed in digital form to conference attendees 
 Final Publication Format   
 As required by the TAPS workflow, camera-ready manuscripts of all papers that have been accepted must be submitted in the formats listed below for final publication in the ACM Digital Library. 
  For | LaTeX authors | , your source files will be used to auto-generate 1) a double-column PDF ( | example PDF | ), and 2) an accessible and responsive webpage ( | example HTML | ) that will be placed in the Digital Library. 
  For | Word authors | , you will need to submit your paper in | single-column format | to correctly auto-generate 1) a double-column PDF ( | example PDF | ), and 2) an accessible and responsive webpage ( | example HTML | ) in the Digital Library. 
 Presentation Format   
 Talk at the conference by one or more authors of the paper 
  Update: Due to a large increase in the number of submissions, we have less time for each submission than initially communicated. All papers will have 8 minutes for presentation, followed by 4 minutes for Q&A. An assigned session chair will help moderate. 
 Video Preview   
 Demo   
 Authors of accepted papers will be invited to participate in the UIST | demo session | . 
 Additional Notes  
 We strongly recommend submitting papers in the 2-column format | , but will accept papers for review as either 1- or 2- column paper format if you are authoring in Word. The rationale for strongly recommending a 2-column format is that reviewers have generally expressed a strong preference for printing and reading PDFs in a two-column format. Additionally, the PDFs that appear in the digital library are ultimately two-column. However, as we do use the TAPS workflow, we understand that Word users may want to utilize the single-column template. 
  We will continue to put the papers up publicly on the ACM DL a week in advance of the conference. 
  We will also use a two-week rebuttal period for papers (Thursday, May 25 to Thursday, June 8, 2023). Though the ACs may indicate if the rebuttal is likely to help (based on reviews and internal discussions), any author may choose to respond. A rebuttal response by Associate Chairs and external reviewers will be enforced by the Papers Co-chairs as much as possible. 
  The video has traditionally been due the same day as paper submissions and this has always been stressful. We will allow for 2 more grace days after the paper submission deadline for uploading your optional video. The video is due on Friday, April 7, 2023. 
  Accessibility is a key concern for the UIST 2023 Program Chairs | . We ask authors to try to be as inclusive as possible and will allow 6 more grace days after the paper submission deadline to provide alt-text for all figures and tables and upload video subtitles for making your optional video accessible. Allowing additional time for your paper and video submissions to be accessible will overall help increase the quality of the conference and enable us to facilitate accessible reviewing. These additional materials are due on Tuesday, April 11, 2023. If the authors have difficulties with making their submission materials accessible, they are encouraged to contact the UIST 2023 Accessibility Chairs by emailing | accessibility2023@uist.org | and volunteers with questions or for assistance to ensure that all accessible materials are submitted by the April 11, 2023 deadline. We strongly recommend that authors read the | SIGCHI Guidelines for an Accessible Submission | which describes the process to make a paper submission accessible, as well as the | SIGCHI Technical Requirements and Guidelines for Videos | , which describes the process of accessible video creation and captioning. 
  View the 2023 program committee   
 Program Chairs  
 program2023@uist.org   
  Jürgen Steimle   
 Saarland University   
  Posters  
 Posters provide an interactive forum in which authors can present their work to conference attendees during special poster sessions. Posters are an opportunity to describe new work or work that is still in progress, and work that is already presented in other venues but to share more with the UIST community.  
 Posters are non-archival, and will be more lightly reviewed (curated) than papers.  
 Submission deadline | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Acceptance notification | Wednesday, August 16, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Camera-ready versions due | Wednesday, August 23, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Video preview due (optional) | August 30, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Submission Information  
 Submission Platform   
 All materials must be submitted electronically to PCS 2.0 before the submission deadline. 
  In PCS 2.0, first click “Submissions” at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society, conference, and track select “SIGCHI”, “UIST 2023” and “UIST 2023 Posters”, respectively, and press “Go.” 
 Submission Format and Length   
 Poster's Extended Abstract 
  The extended abstract should not exceed 2 pages (excluding references). 
  The double-column ACM paper template should be used for the submission process. For Overleaf/LaTeX, this means that the following command should be used: | \documentclass[sigconf, review]{acmart} 
  Accepted submissions will go through the ACM TAPS Workflow | . 
 Accompanying Video   
 Optional, but highly encouraged 
  Videos will be displayed through appropriate web access ( | example gallery view from UIST’20 | ) 
  No more than five minutes long 
 Anonymity   
 Not anonymous, include author names and institutions on extended abstract, poster, and the optional video 
 Selection Process   
 Juried 
  Less rigorous than paper review and does not include an author’s response or conditional acceptance, i.e., authors may expect to only receive light feedback 
  Juried content is generally not required to make the same level of lasting and significant contribution as refereed content 
 Publication   
 Non-archival, ideas described in UIST posters can be resubmitted as an extended full paper in subsequent years and ideas already presented in previous years or other venues are also welcomed 
  The 2-page extended abstracts will be included in the ACM Digital Library as adjunct proceedings and distributed in digital form to conference attendees, the Poster design will not be included in the ACM Digital Library 
 Presentation Format   
 At least one author is requested to register and stand by their poster during the poster session to speak with conference attendees 
 Concurrent UIST Demo Submission   
 The same work cannot be submitted to both the UIST demo and poster tracks. Double submissions will only be considered as a demo submission and will be rejected from the poster track 
 Novelty of Work   
  Please state previous poster venues and differences to previous posters in the appropriate box in PCS 
  View the 2023 posters program committee   
 Posters Chairs  
 posters2023@uist.org   
  Mustafa Doğa Doğan   
 MIT   
  Demos  
 Demos are one of the highlights of the UIST conference. Accepted authors show implementations of novel and compelling interaction concepts, techniques, devices and systems. We particularly encourage highly interactive demos— from novel web systems and prototype devices, to new materials, fabrication methods, XR and large interactive installations.  
 All demo submissions go through a rigorous curation process. The demo chairs will announce recommendations for presentation formats, logistics and provide early access for technical setup before the conference.  
 Submission deadline | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Acceptance notification | Wednesday, August 9, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Camera-ready versions due | Wednesday, August 16, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Video preview due | Wednesday, August 23, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Submission Information  
 Submission Platform   
 All materials must be submitted electronically to PCS 2.0 before the submission deadline. 
  In PCS 2.0, first click “Submissions” at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society, conference, and track select “SIGCHI”, “UIST 2023” and “UIST 2023 Demos, respectively, and press “Go.” 
 Submission Format and Length   
 Demo Abstract 
  We will adopt the ACM TAPS Workflow | . 
  For | LaTeX authors | , submissions should be made using the double-column format ( | example PDF | ) using | \documentclass[sigconf,review]{acmart} | . 
  For | Word authors | , submissions should be made using either the double-column format ( | submission template | , | example PDF | ) or the single-column template ( | submission template | , | example PDF | ). 
  Floor Plan 
  The demo submission should include a PDF document describing the envisioned setup and interaction (demo hardware components, tables, chairs, lights, and other equipment) so that organizers get a good understanding of your setup. 
  This will also allow the organizers to better consider your requirements when organizing the demonstration space at the venue. 
 Preview Video   
 Video previews are mandatory (7 days grace period after camera-ready deadline) 
 Anonymity   
 Demo submissions are not anonymous. Author names and institutions will be visible to the reviewing committee throughout the submission process. 
 Selection Process   
 Demos are juried by the UIST demo chairs, and there is no rebuttal phase 
  Due to the nature of the juried process, authors will not receive review feedback and will only be informed about the decision 
 Publication   
 Non-archival, ideas presented as a UIST demo can be resubmitted as an extended full paper in subsequent years 
  Demo abstracts will be included in the ACM digital library as adjunct proceedings and distributed in digital form to conference attendees 
 Presentation Format   
 At least one author is required to be physically present at the conference and present their demo during demo sessions 
 Lab Demos   
 If the authors have multiple demo submissions from the same lab/company, we can group these demos together at the venue. Please indicate the submission IDs of all demos from the same lab on the PCS submission page. 
 Concurrent UIST Poster Submission   
 The same work | cannot | be submitted to both the UIST demo and poster tracks. Double submissions will only be considered as a demo submission and will be rejected from the poster track 
 Novelty of Work   
 Resubmission of demos previously shown at other venues is allowed 
 Demos of Accepted UIST 2023 Papers   
 Authors of accepted full papers who also want to present a demo have to  submit an entry into the demos track. They have two choices: | (1) Regular demo submission  : authors are welcome to submit a demo abstract (approx. 2 pages), which will result in the abstract being included in the ACM digital library adjunct proceedings. This is sometimes relevant to reflect differences between paper and demo, e.g., changes in the list or order of authors. | (2) Fast track  : Paper authors can indicate in their demo submission that they want to submit a fast track demo. In that case, no demo abstract is required. However, authors are still required to submit a video preview and other relevant data (e.g., title, abstract, floorplan). 
 Changes in author list and affiliations   
 Please make sure that all authors and their affiliation are correct before submitting in PCS 
  It is not possible to add or remove any author from a demo abstract after submission 
  It is not possible to change the affiliation of any author after the submission 
 Demos Chairs  
 demos2023@uist.org   
  Michael Wessely   
 Aarhus University   
  Workshops  
 Workshops provide an interactive forum in which organizers can discuss a designated area of interest with fellow conference attendees during special workshop sessions the day before the paper track begins (i.e., workshops will happen on Sunday). Workshops should reflect the nature of UIST: engaging, interactive and cutting-edge. Consider activities such as discussions, demonstrations, brainstormings, and prototyping, in combination with talks and keynotes. Workshops activities should target an audience of approximately 20 participants. All workshop participants will be required to register for the main conference, and there will be an additional fee to attend workshops to cover the additional logistical expenses.  
 Given space limitations, participants will need to apply by, e.g., answering a few open-ended questions with short answers, to participate; workshop organizers cannot require a position paper or similar longer submission. Similarly, there should be no expectation that workshop participants will submit their own previously published works to attend a workshop. Workshop descriptions should include a clear scope, a proposed format, a preliminary agenda, and intended audience, and how you will facilitate audience interaction with organizers and each other. These workshop descriptions are non-archival but can be included in the ACM DL adjunct proceedings in the same way posters’ extended abstracts are, if the organizers wish. Submissions will be more lightly reviewed than papers by an external jury.  
 Submission deadline | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Acceptance notification, at which point workshop organizers can begin advertising | Tuesday, August 1, 2023, 5pm PT 
 [optional] Workshop description camera-ready version due | Wednesday, August 23, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Submission Information  
 Submission Platform   
 All materials must be submitted electronically to PCS 2.0 by the abstract and paper deadline | . 
  In PCS 2.0, first click “Submissions” at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society, conference, and track select “SIGCHI”, “UIST 2023” and “UIST 2023 Workshops”, respectively, and press “Go.” 
 Submission Format and Length   
 Workshop Extended Abstract 
  The extended abstract should not exceed 2 pages (excluding references). 
  The double-column ACM paper template should be used for the submission process. For Overleaf/LaTeX, this means that the following command should be used: | \documentclass[sigconf, review]{acmart} 
  Accepted submissions will go through the ACM TAPS Workflow | . 
 Anonymity   
 Not anonymous, include author names and institutions on submission 
 Selection Process   
 Juried 
  Less rigorous than paper review and does not include an author’s response or conditional acceptance, i.e., authors may expect to only receive light feedback 
  Juried content is generally not required to make the same level of lasting and significant contribution as refereed content 
 Publication   
 Workshop organizers can choose whether their 2-page extended abstract is included in the ACM Digital Library as adjunct proceedings and distributed in digital form to conference attendees. 
 Presentation Format   
  Workshops activities should target an audience of approximately 20 participants. 
  At least one workshop organizer is requested to register and facilitate the workshop. 
  Workshops should reflect the nature of UIST: engaging, interactive and cutting-edge. Consider activities such as demonstrations, brainstormings, and prototyping, in combination with talks and keynotes. 
 Workshops Chairs  
 workshops2023@uist.org   
  David Lindlbauer   
 Carnegie Mellon University   
  Visions  
 Back for its sixth year, UIST Visions is a venue for forward-thinking ideas to inspire the community and to project the UIST community as thought leaders in technical HCI. The goal is thus to propose new research directions rather than to report on existing research. Proposals will be reviewed based on novelty and relevance, and how provocative the ideas are. The author should aim to start a meaningful and well-informed discussion about future directions for computer-human interfaces and interaction techniques. Appropriate issues might be: future trends, foundational technologies that we need to make progress on, significant, compelling problems that the community might address, something that is missing, or an alternative perspective on what we do.  
 Submission deadline | Saturday, August 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Acceptance notification | TBD 
 Slide submission | TBD 
 Submission Information  
 Eligibility   
 Single Author 
 Submission Platform   
  In PCS 2.0, first click “Submissions” at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society, conference, and track select “SIGCHI”, “UIST 2023” and “UIST 2023 Visions", respectively, and press “Go”. 
 Submission Format and Length   
 Anonymity   
 Not anonymous, include the author's name and institution(s) on the 1 page submission 
 Selection Process   
 Curated by the UIST vision chair 
  Less rigorous than paper review and does not include an author’s response or conditional acceptance, i.e. authors will not receive any formal feedback other than the selection decision 
  Up to two speakers will be selected 
 Publication   
 Non-archival, ideas presented as a UIST vision can be resubmitted as a full paper in subsequent years 
  Vision abstracts (the 1 pager) will be included in the ACM digital library as adjunct proceedings and distributed in digital form to conference attendees, the slides will not be included in the ACM digital library 
 Presentation Format   
 Talk at the conference 
  15 minute presentation + 15 minute Q&A 
  Two 30-minute sessions scheduled during the conference 
 Visions Chair  
 visions2023@uist.org   
  Alex Olwal   
 Google AR   
  Doctoral Symposium  
 The UIST Doctoral Symposium provides a unique opportunity for Ph.D. students to interact with established academic and industry researchers in the UIST community. Students can receive both feedback on technical aspects of their research as well as mentoring about different career options. The range of topics appropriate for the Doctoral Symposium is the same as the topics covered in the UIST Technical Papers program. Participants will be selected based on their anticipated contributions to the breadth and depth of the intellectual discussions at the Symposium. The Doctoral Symposium will be held in-person on Sunday, October 29, 2023 at the conference venue. There will also be a dinner for all panelists and student attendees of the Symposium.  
 Submission deadline | Wednesday, July 19, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Acceptance notification | Wednesday, August 16, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Camera-ready versions due | Wednesday, August 23, 2023, 5pm PT 
 Doctoral Symposium date | Sunday, October 29, 2023 (plus dinner the evening of Saturday, October 28) 
 Submission Information  
 Eligibility   
 Current Ph.D. student studying within the full range of disciplines and approaches that contribute to the UIST community. 
  It is strongly recommended that students be at least entering the third year of the doctoral program, i.e., at the stage of having a concrete dissertation proposal to discuss. 
  Single-author. 
 Submission Platform   
  In PCS 2.0, first click "Submissions" at the top of the page, from the dropdown menus for society, conference, and track select "SIGCHI," "UIST 2023," and "UIST 2023 Doctoral Symposium", respectively, and press "Go." 
 Submission Format and Length   
  We recommend submitting papers in the 2-column format, but will accept papers for review as either 1- or 2- column paper format if you are authoring in Word. 
  For 2-column submissions: 4 pages maximum + references. 
  For 1-column submissions: 6 pages maximum + references (equivalent of the 2-column limit). 
 Anonymity   
 Not anonymous, include the single author's name and institution(s) on the submission. 
 Selection Process   
 Juried by the UIST Doctoral Symposium chairs and invited panelists. 
  Maximum 8 students will be selected. 
  Criteria: anticipated contributions to the breadth and depth of the intellectual discussions of the symposium. 
  Preference will be given to applicants beyond the proposal stage and well into their dissertation research. 
  Does not include an author’s response or conditional acceptance, i.e. authors will only receive feedback along with the final decision. 
 Publication   
 Non-archival. Ideas presented at the UIST Doctoral Symposium can be resubmitted. 
  Doctoral Symposium abstracts (max 4 pager + references in 2-column format) will be included in the ACM digital library as adjunct proceedings and distributed in digital form to conference attendees. 
 Presentation Format   
 Talk at the Doctoral Symposium event, followed by extensive discussion with the panel and the other student participants. 
  The student author is requested to attend. 
  The exact times of sessions will be announced after the acceptance notification date. 
  Additionally, each student is encouraged to present a poster describing their work to the full conference within the UIST poster sessions. 
 Novelty of Work   
 Posters for Accepted Submissions   
 Each student is encouraged to present a poster describing their work to the full conference. 
  Posters will be presented within the UIST poster session. 
 Doctoral Symposium Chairs  
 doctoralsymposium2023@uist.org   
  Alexandra Ion   
 Carnegie Mellon University   
  Student Innovation Contest  
 In the UIST Student Innovation Contest (aka the “SIC”), we explore how novel input, interaction, actuation, and output technologies can augment interactive experiences! This year, in partnership with Anthropic AI, we seek students who will push the boundaries of human-computer interaction with large language models (LLMs). Join the UIST SIC team and turn your ideas into reality! Meet amazing people! Win fabulous prizes!  
 CFP Release | Tuesday, August 1, 2023 
 Submission Deadline | Tuesday, August 22, 2023 
 Announcing Selected Teams | Tuesday, August 29, 2023 
 Presentation of Final Demo | At the in-person UIST conference in SF, Oct 29 - November 1, 2022 
 Submission Information  
 Eligibility   
 Current undergraduate and/or graduate students (Master or PhD) 
  Team size is 2 students 
 Submission Platform   
 All submission materials must be submitted electronically to | Google Forms | before the submission deadline. 
 Submission Format and Length   
 2-column 2 pages maximum without references 
  The authors can use | Official ACM LaTeX | template or | Overleaf template | or | 2-Column Word template | . 
 Anonymity   
 Not anonymous, include the author’s name and institution(s) on the submission 
 Selection Process   
 Juried by the UIST Student Innovation Contest chairs and invited panelists. 
  Maximum 10 teams will be selected. 
 Presentation Format   
 At least one author is requested to present their demo during SIC sessions and to speak with conference attendees. 
 The UIST SIC is your opportunity to shine and impress the world with your creative ideas! Participants will demo their work during the conference program, and contest winners will be announced during the conference. A jury composed of senior UIST community members will select one team to receive the SIC jury award. On top of that, conference attendees will get a chance to vote for their favorite teams in the People’s Choice category. Each selected team will have access to LLM API usage, which is made possible through our generous sponsor Anthropic AI.  
 UIST 2023 SIC Challenge: Beyond Words  
 Your goal is to design and implement a novel interactive system, utilizing the LLM API provided to you. This system should leverage LLMs, and you may incorporate any other prototyping resources available. This year, we encourage participants to be innovative and think outside the box when integrating LLMs into interactive systems. Specifically, we encourage teams to explore novel use cases or applications of LLMs, such as those that incorporate different input/output modalities—exploring how LLMs can interact with audio, images, videos, etc., and broadening design possibilities.  
 To successfully address this challenge, you need to figure out what task(s) you want your system to support, and what interaction(s) you want your system to enable. Your system should motivate the use case and articulate a clear set of assumptions on how it will benefit users. Finally, your system does not have to be limited to one user— ideas that involve well-executed, multi-user, simultaneous interactions are often crowd favorites at UIST! We favor radical ideas that showcase fresh angles and novel uses of LLMs in interactive systems. We also encourage you to think about how you can connect LLMs to your own research. You will submit a video of your project demo by October 25th, and demonstrate your idea live at the in-person UIST event on October 29th - November 1st. Your video will be uploaded and shared on the official ACM SIGCHI YouTube channel (e.g., see UIST 2022 SIC videos  ).  
 Anthropic Claude API  
 We highly suggest incorporating any other software or hardware available at your disposal, to make more innovative and compelling projects:  
 Any additional APIs you want to integrate (object detection, OCR, speech recognition) 
  Any additional devices you want to use (gesture control, camera, robotic arm). 
  If you consider integrating various I/O modalities with LLMs, you can use tools to transform these modalities into text or generate them based on texts. For instance, you could employ image captioning and object recognition to convert images or videos into text that LLMs can understand. Additionally, there are a growing number of open-sourced AI models that combine various modalities, which you can consider using in your system. For example, the BLIP-2  and LLaVA  models for image-to-text processing; CLIP  and CLAP  for joint embedding spaces of text-image and text-audio, respectively.  
 To assist the students in developing their applications, we (the SIC chairs) will provide technical support if they have any questions.  
 Team members from selected proposals will be given an Anthropic account that allows access to a chat interface and API keys, which can be integrated into custom applications. Anthropic’s website and GitHub repositories contain documentation and example code that could be useful for development. Teams are encouraged to open source their efforts, and even build on each other’s work. To get you moving fast, we will also provide a list of tutorials and mentoring sessions to ensure you have everything you need to make your vision a reality!  
 Ethics and Broader Impact Statement  
 In our commitment to responsible innovation, all proposals must include an Ethics and Broader Impact statement. Authors submitting proposals must follow the NeurIPS Ethics Guidelines  . In particular, “whenever there are risks associated with the proposed methods, methodology, application or data collection and data usage, authors are expected to elaborate on the rationale of their decision and potential mitigations.” We ask the authors to reflect on the potential ethical dimensions of their project at its inception. This statement should be a concise exploration of potential ethical concerns, biases, and societal implications that the project could raise. Additionally, authors should describe how they plan to mitigate any potential negative outcomes. For detailed writing guide, please read A Guide to Writing the NeurIPS Impact Statement  . Should you have an questions, please reach out to the SIC co-chairs at sic2023@uist.org  .  
 Registration  
 To complete your submission, you’ll need:  
  Document with sketches or images to illustrate your idea. The document needs to be ACM Template with 2-Column Paper Format — the same as the full paper publication, but 2-page max without references. You can use | Official ACM LaTeX template | or | Overleaf template | or | 2-Column Word template | . 
  Acknowledgement that you have read the | NeurIPS Ethics Guidelines | . 
  The Ethics and Broader Impact statement. 
  Complete other items in the registration page (contact info, etc.) 
  Decisions will be emailed to each team. 
  For accepted teams, one of your team members MUST register for the UIST conference and pay the registration fee. If you’ve been accepted as a student volunteer, you can let us know as well.  
 Contest Rules, Details, and Suggestions  
 Pre-Selection Criteria: organizers will select up to 10 teams, judged based on usefulness, creativity, complexity, feasibility, and time/resource constraints. 
  Maximum team size is 2, and you can’t be part of multiple teams! 
  Eligibility: you MUST be a student to participate in this contest. Students of all levels (high school, bachelor’s, master’s, PhD) are encouraged to participate. 
  Registration Requirement: If your team is accepted, at least one of your team members MUST register for the conference (or be accepted as a student volunteer). This is for three reasons: 1) you have to demo your idea at the in-person UIST event, 2) you have to claim your prizes, and 3) UIST is an awesome conference! 
  Demo Ideas: during the contest voting period, teams will be allowed to demo one idea. Different demos of the same idea are permitted. 
  Demo Code: We encourage you to open-source your code. The organizers will create a github organization where all teams will be able to post their code (don’t worry, we will not judge you on your code!). 
  Demo Safety: Safety is our utmost priority. Make sure your demos follow reasonable safety guidelines (i.e., don’t light anything on fire!) 
  Awards  
 Innovation comes in many forms. At UIST, we provide Student Innovation Contest awards for the following categories: Jury Award and People’s Choice (Attendee Votes).  
 Student Innovation Contest Chairs  
 sic2023@uist.org   
  Bryan Wang   
 University of Toronto   
  Student Volunteers  
 Application Instructions  
 To apply to be an SV go to this page  and submit the questionnaire. The deadline and notification dates are listed below.  
 Lottery application due | Tuesday, August 22, 2023 
 Acceptance notification | Saturday, September 9, 2023 
 Benefits  
 Being an SV will give you a chance to attend the premier forum for innovations in human-computer interfaces and network with the leaders in the field! At its core, the student volunteer experience is about making connections, both with your fellow volunteers and with more senior researchers. Whether it’s helping out with Q&A after a talk for a researcher you look up to, working on a task directly with members of the organizing committee, or even helping someone check-in while working at the registration desk, there are so many opportunities to make connections that can have a true impact on your career. Not to mention the free conference registration and SV T-shirt! We are happy to report that we plan on continuing the “rockstar” Q&A sessions with senior researchers; these will most likely be held virtually the week following the conference.  
 If you are a UIST Student Volunteer, you get:  
 Free conference registration 
  Exclusive SV “rockstar” Q&A sessions with senior faculty and researchers 
  Access to a tight SV community 
  A free UIST 2023 SV T-shirt 
  The chance to closely work together with both presenters and the conference organizing committee 
  Logistics and Duties  
 SVs will do a mix of tasks before and during the conference. Any hours spent doing pre-conference tasks will count towards your total SV hours. Some pre-conference tasks may need to be done several weeks before the conference begins; please indicate your availability to do pre-conference tasks on the lottery questionnaire and we will try to accommodate everyone’s preferences as best as possible.  
 UIST 2023 is intended to be a fully in-person conference (see Attending  ). Most SV tasks will be in person and we expect all SVs to attend the conference in person.  
 Thanks so much for applying! We look forward to seeing you at UIST 2023!!  
 Student Volunteer Chairs  
 sv2023@uist.org   
  Mina Huh   
 UT Austin   
  Lasting Impact  
 Award nomination deadline | Monday August 28, 2023 
 This year, for the first time, we are issuing an open call to the community for nominations to this award. To nominate a paper, send an email to lastingimpact2023@uist.org  with:  
 The name, email address and position of the nominator 
  The reference of the nominated paper (with the link to the ACM Digital Library) 
  One sentence that describes the paper’s lasting impact (15 words max) 
 The deadline for nomination is Monday, August 28 at midnight Anywhere-on-Earth (AOE) time.  
 The winning paper will be announced at the UIST 2023 conference in San Francisco this fall.  
 Lasting Impact Chair  
 lastingimpact2023@uist.org   
  Michel Beaudouin-Lafon   
 Université Paris-Saclay   
 © Copyright 2023 ACM SIGCHI