  Attending  
 Attending 
  In-Person Conference 
  Accommodations 
  Registration 
  Workshops 
 UIST 2023 will be held at the historic Fairmont Hotel, San Francisco  , located in Nob Hill affording breathtaking views of the city, while being close to great restaurants, cultural landmarks and activities.  
 In-Person Conference  
 The UIST 2023 Conference Committee, in consultation with numerous members of the UIST community and past leadership, has decided upon the following approach to conference participation:  
 UIST 2023 is intended to be an in-person conference. 
  There will be no separate “virtual attendance” registration option; all registrations are for in-person attendance. 
  If an accepted paper’s authors all cannot attend in-person, they will have the option to submit a pre-recorded talk video to be played to a live audience during their paper session. We expect these to be rare. Approvals for pre-recorded presentations need to be requested as soon as possible from program2023@uist.org, with a description of why an in-person presentation is not possible by any of the authors. 
  There will be no online/virtual aspect to the popular Demo session. 
  UIST 2023 will be primarily organized around two tracks across three full days Monday through Wednesday  , kicking off with the Welcome Reception on Sunday evening. The engaging Demo Reception will be held on Monday evening, and the festive Banquet on Tuesday evening.  
 New for 2023  will be a set of Workshops all-day Sunday ahead of the main program.  
 Full program details and a precision schedule will be made available soon.  
  Accommodations  
 All conference activities for UIST 2023, including receptions, will be held at the ballrooms at the Fairmont Hotel San Francisco  .  
 This room block rate applies for the conference dates of Friday October 27th - Wednesday Nov 1st  .  
 Reservations must be made by October 6th  , after which pricing and availability will no longer be guaranteed.  
 In addition, a buffer period of the 3 days prior to and 3 days following  will honor the conference rate, subject to availability. This is a great opportunity to take a little extra time to get to see more of San Francisco, visit wine country, give a talk at a lab or a company in the Bay Area, etc.  
 Early bird  
  (by September 8th) | Regular  
  (by October 20th) | Late/On-site  
  (from October 21st) 
  The name of the conference you are registering for. Only accepted authors may request a visa support letter prior to registering for the conference. 
  Your registration confirmation number 
  If you have any papers accepted for the conference, please provide the title and indicate whether you are the “sole author” or a “co-author” 
  Authors may indicate their paper title. If no paper, speakers can provide the title of their presentation 
  Carbon Offsetting Program  
 To help lower the impact of holding UIST, you will have the opportunity to make a contribution toward carbon offsetting activities during the registration process.  
 FAQ  
 Can I get a certificate to prove my attendance at UIST 2023 after the event? | Yes, you can request a certificate of attendance as part of the registration process. 
  I’m not able to attend all three days of UIST 2023. Can I only register for one or two days? | Unfortunately, we are not offering per-day registration. Attendees must register to attend all three days of the conference. 
  I can only attend one day of the UIST conference. Can I transfer my registration to a colleague or student for the remaining days? | No, registrations are not transferable. 
 Registration Chairs  
 registration2023@uist.org   
  Cheng Zhang   
 Cornell University   
 Find more information about the Gary Marsden Travel Award here  .  
 UIST Travel Scholarship  
 UIST will have its own Travel Scholarship program to support underrepresented minority students in STEM.  
 Travel Scholarship Application Process   
 Thank you for expressing interest in attending the UIST 2023 conference. Please note that travel scholarship funding is specifically dedicated to supporting underrepresented minority students in STEM. Students must identify as a member of a historically underrepresented group, which includes but is not limited to the following identities:  
 Native American/Alaskan Native/Pacific Islander 
  Black/African American 
  To verify your eligibility, we kindly ask that you provide a CV/Resume and a 1-page document that includes the following:  
 A statement confirming that you are a student that identifies with a historically underrepresented group (as described above). This statement does not need to include which group(s) you identify with, it is only to confirm that you understand the requirements and are indeed eligible (1-2 sentences) 
  Have you attended UIST? 
  Have you attended other HCI conferences in the past? 
  Why you are interested in attending UIST 2023 
  Explanation of financial need 
  An approximate breakdown of anticipated travel costs. Hotel, meals, and registration will be covered by UIST. 
  Please apply through this form by Tuesday, August 22  . We will only use the documents to verify your eligibility to receive travel funding. It will be reviewed in confidence and only shared with corresponding chairs of UIST 2023 (diversity & general chairs).  
 Once we have reviewed all the eligible applicants we will notify you if you have been selected to receive the funding and contact you with further instructions. If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact the UIST Diversity and Inclusion Chair  .  
 Diversity and Inclusion Chair  
 diversity2023@uist.org   
  Alexa Siu   
 Adobe Research   
  Workshops  
 Workshops provide an interactive forum to discuss a designated area of interest with fellow conference attendees during special workshop sessions the day before the paper track begins (i.e., workshops will happen on Sunday). Workshops reflect the nature of UIST: engaging, interactive and cutting-edge, and include activities such as discussions, demonstrations, brainstormings, and prototyping, in combination with talks and keynotes. All workshop participants will be required to register for the main conference and an additional fee to attend workshops to cover the additional logistical expenses.  
 Read more about workshops.   
 Workshops Chairs  
 workshops2023@uist.org   
  David Lindlbauer   
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 Harvard University   
 © Copyright 2023 ACM SIGCHI