  Leadership 
  Previous Events | Previous NDSS Symposia 
  Previous USEC Events 
  Previous VehicleSec Events 
 Search for:     Search Button         
 Call for Papers: Symposium on Usable Security and Privacy (USEC) 2023  
 The Symposium on Usable Security and Privacy (USEC) 2023 serves as an international forum for research and discussion in the area of human factors in security and privacy. USEC is a symposium with proceedings.  
 USEC 2023 will be held in conjunction with NDSS at the Catamaran Resort Hotel & Spa in San Diego, California during February 27 – March 3 2023.  
 It is the aim of USEC to contribute to an increase of the scientific quality of research in human factors in security and privacy. To this end, we encourage replication studies to validate previous research findings. Papers in these categories should be clearly marked as such and will not be judged against regular submissions on novelty. Rather, they will be judged based on scientific quality and value to the community. We also encourage reports of faded experiments. They must highlight the lessons learned and provide recommendations on how to avoid falling into the same traps.  
 We invite submissions from academia, government, and industry presenting novel research on all aspects of human-centric security and privacy. We welcome a variety of research methods, including empirical research and design research.  
  workforce, labels, cyber-physical systems 
  usability in smart manufacturing 
  All submissions must clearly relate to the human aspects of security or privacy. Papers on security or privacy that do not address usability or human factors will not be considered. Likewise, papers on usability or human factors that do not address security or privacy will not be considered. The determination of whether a paper is within scope will be solely at the discretion of the program committee chairs.  
 For accepted papers, at least one author must attend USEC 2023 (either physically or virtually).  
 Submission Instructions  
 All submissions must be original work; authors must clearly document any overlap with previously published or simultaneously submitted papers from any of the authors. All papers should be written in English.  
 Format:  The text must be in Times font, 10-point or larger, with 11-point or larger line spacing. Use the templates for NDSS Symposium 2023 and co-located events.  
 Paper length:  We will review longer papers on mature/completed work in a research track, as well as shorter papers on work in progress, or work that has yet to begin, in a vision track. We aim to provide a venue for researchers at all stages of their careers and at all stages of their projects.  
 Research Track:  The research track is intended to report on mature work that has been completed. The goal of the USEC’s research track is to disseminate results of interest to the broader usable security and privacy community. Papers must not be more than 12 pages in length using the two-column submission format, excluding bibliography and well-marked appendices. Try to scale the length of the paper according to the contributions you describe therein. Authors have the option to attach to their paper‘s supplementary appendices with study materials (e.g., survey instruments, interview guides, etc.) that would not otherwise take up valuable space within the body of the paper. Reviewers are not required to read appendices, so your paper should be self-contained without them.  
 Vision Track:  The vision track is intended to report on work in progress or concrete ideas for work that has yet to begin. The focus in the vision track is to spark discussion with the goal to provide the authors helpful feedback, pointers to potentially related investigations, and new ideas to explore. Suitable submissions to the vision track include traditional work-in-progress pieces such as preliminary results of pre-studies, but also research proposals and position papers outlining future research. Papers must be up to 5 pages in length using the two-column format, excluding bibliography and well-marked appendices.  
 Anonymous submission:  Reviewing will be double blind. Author names and affiliations should not appear in the paper. The authors should make a reasonable effort not to reveal their identities or institutional affiliation in the text, figures, photos, links, or other data that is contained in the paper. Authors’ prior work should be preferably referred to in the third person; if this is not feasible, the references should be blinded. Submissions that violate these requirements will be rejected without review. The list of authors cannot be changed after the acceptance decision is made unless approved by the Program Chairs.  
 Conflict of interest:  Authors and Program Committee members are required to indicate any conflict of interest and its nature. Advisors and those that they are advising, as well as authors and PC members with an institutional relationship are considered to share a conflict of interest. Professional collaborations (irrespective of whether they resulted in publication or funding) that occurred in the past 2 years and close personal relationships equally constitute a conflict of interest. PC members, including chairs, that have a conflict of interest with a paper, will be entirely excluded from the evaluation of that paper.  
 Easy Chair Submissions:  USEC23   
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline: | November 18, 2022 
  Reviews Due: December 16, 2022 
  Notification of Acceptance: December 20, 2022 
  Camera Ready: January 27, 2023 
  Program Chairs  
 Jacob Abbott, Indiana University 
  News 
 NDSS Symposium 2023  
  Attend 
 Previous Events 
  Previous NDSS Symposia 
  Previous USEC Events 
  Previous VehicleSec Events 
