  Leadership 
  Previous Events | Previous NDSS Symposia 
  Previous USEC Events 
  Previous VehicleSec Events 
 Search for:     Search Button         
 Symposium on Usable Security (USEC) 2023 Program  
 All times in Pacific Standard Time (PST).  
 Hide all    
 Monday, 27 February  
  BANS: Evaluation of Bystander Awareness Notification Systems for Productivity in VR    Shady Mansour (LMU Munich), Pascal Knierim (Universitat Innsbruck), Joseph O’Hagan (University of Glasgow), Florian Alt (University of the Bundeswehr Munich), Florian Mathis (University of Glasgow)   Abstract     Paper   Slides | VR Head-Mounted Displays (HMDs) provide unlimited and personalized virtual workspaces and will enable working anytime and anywhere. However, if HMDs are to become ubiquitous, VR users are at risk of being observed, which can threaten their privacy. We examine six Bystander Awareness Notification Systems (BANS) to enhance VR users’ bystander awareness whilst immersed in VR. In a user study (N=28), we explore how future HMDs equipped with BANS might enable users to maintain their privacy while contributing towards enjoyable and productive travels. Results indicate that BANS increase VR users’ bystander awareness without affecting presence and productivity. Users prefer BANS that extract and present the most details of reality to facilitate their bystander awareness. We conclude by synthesizing four recommendations, such as providing VR users with control over BANS and considering how VR users can best transition between realities, to inform the design of privacy-preserving HMDs. 
 Session 3 (Vision Track)    
  Automatic Retrieval of Privacy Factors from IoMT Policies: ML and Custom NER Approach    Nyteisha Bookert, Mohd Anwar (North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University)   Abstract     Paper   Slides   Video | Patient-generated health data is growing at an unparalleled rate due to advancing technologies (e.g., the Internet of Medical Things, 5G, artificial intelligence) and increased consumer transactions. The influx of data has offered life-altering solutions. Consequently, the growth has created significant privacy challenges. A central theme to mitigating risks is promoting transparency and notifying stakeholders of data practices through privacy policies. However, natural language privacy policies have several limitations, such as being difficult to understand (by the user), lengthy, and having conflicting requirements. Yet they remain the de facto standard to inform users of privacy practices and how organizations follow privacy regulations. We developed an automated process to evaluate the appropriateness of combining machine learning and custom named entity recognition techniques to extract IoMT-relevant privacy factors in the privacy policies of IoMT devices. We employed machine learning and the natural language processing technique of named entity recognition to automatically analyze a corpus of policies and specifications to extract privacy-related information for the IoMT device. Based on the natural language analysis of policies, we provide fine-grained annotations that can help reduce the manual and tedious process of policy analysis and aid privacy engineers and policy makers in developing suitable privacy policies. 
  An Exploratory study of Malicious Link Posting on Social Media Applications    Muhammad Hassan, Mahnoor Jameel, Masooda Bashir (University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign)   Abstract     Paper   Slides   Video | Social network platforms are now widely used as a mode of communication globally due to their popularity and their ease of use. Among the various content-sharing capabilities made available via these applications, link-sharing is a common activity among social media users. While this feature provides a desired functionality for the platform users, link sharing enables attackers to exploit vulnerabilities and compromise users’ devices. Attackers can exploit this content-sharing feature by posting malicious/harmful URLs or deceptive posts and messages which are intended to hide a dangerous link. However, it is not clear how the most common social media applications monitor and/or filter when their users share malicious URLs or links through their platforms. To investigate this security vulnerability, we designed an exploratory study to examine the top five android social media applications’ performance when it comes to malicious link sharing. The aim was to determine if the selected applications had any filtering or defenses against malicious URL sharing. Our results show that most of the selected social media applications did not have an effective defense against the posting and spreading of malicious URLs. While our results are exploratory, we believe our study demonstrates the presence of a vital security vulnerability that malicious attackers or unaware users can use to spread harmful links. In addition, our findings can be used to improve our understanding of link-based attacks as well as the design of security measures that usability into account 
  Power to the Data Defenders: Human-Centered Disclosure Risk Calibration of Open Data    Kaustav Bhattacharjee, Aritra Dasgupta (New Jersey Institute of Technology)   Abstract     Paper   Video | The open data ecosystem is susceptible to vulnerabilities due to disclosure risks. Though the datasets are anonymized during release, the prevalence of the release-and-forget model makes the data defenders blind to privacy issues arising after the dataset release. One such issue can be the disclosure risks in the presence of newly released datasets which may compromise the privacy of the data subjects of the anonymous open datasets. In this paper, we first examine some of these pitfalls through the examples we observed during a red teaming exercise and then envision other possible vulnerabilities in this context. We also discuss proactive risk monitoring, including developing a collection of highly susceptible open datasets and a visual analytic workflow that empowers data defenders towards undertaking dynamic risk calibration strategies. 
  Analyzing the Patterns and Behavior of Users When Detecting and Preventing Tech-enabled Stalking    Nick Ceccio, Naman Gupta, Majed Almansoori, Rahul Chatterjee (University of Wisconsin-Madison)   Abstract     Paper   Video | Intimate partner violence (IPV) is a prevalent societal issue that affects many people globally. Unfortunately, abusers rely on technology to spy on their partners. Prior works show that victims and advocates fail to combat and prevent technology-enabled stalking due to their limited technical background. However, not much is known about this issue; why do victims and advocates struggle to combat technology-enabled stalking despite the ease of finding resources online? To answer this question, we aim to conduct a mixed-method study to explore smartphone usage patterns and internet search behavior while detecting and preventing technology-enabled abuse. In this future work, we plan to conduct a mixed-method between-group study to investigate the smartphone usage patterns and internet search behavior of participants helping their friend combat technology-enabled spying. We expect the tech-savvy participants to be more effective and time-efficient in finding and disabling stalking methods than non-tech-savvy participants. 
 Session 4 (Privacy and Security Tools)    
  Kids, Cats, and Control: Designing Privacy and Security Dashboard for IoT Home Devices    Jacob Abbott (Indiana University), Jayati Dev (Indiana University), DongInn Kim (Indiana University), Shakthidhar Reddy Gopavaram (Indiana University), Meera Iyer (Indiana University), Shivani Sadam (Indiana University) , Shirang Mare (Western Washington University), Tatiana Ringenberg (Purdue University), Vafa Andalibi (Indiana University), and L. Jean Camp(Indiana University)   Abstract     Paper   Slides   Video | In the last decade integration of Internet of Things (IoT) ecosystems has increased exponentially, and it is necessary that our understanding of human behavior when interacting with multiple smart devices in an IoT ecosystem keep pace. To better understand users’ perceptions and use of in-home IoT ecosystem over time, we implemented an ecosystem in homes of participants so that we could both test previous findings about individual devices and identify differences that arise in the content of a home with multiple IoT devices. Specifically, we recruited eight participants from separate households who installed identical IoT configurations, and interviewed each participant for five weeks. We included an Android dashboard to provide device control and data transparency. We detail the semi-structured interviews to compare user perceptions of what devices are classified as IoT, the perceived sustainability of IoT devices, interactions with and desires of dashboard information, and exploration of current notification preferences and mitigation strategies. We discuss the factors which participants identified as being relevant to their personal experiences with IoT devices and contribute recommendations for dashboard designs and control mechanisms for IoT devices. We note that the participants uniformly had a more expansive definition of IoT than that found in much of the previous literature, implying that our understanding of perceptions of in-home IoT may be informed by previous research on security systems, wearables, watches, and phones. We identify where our results reify findings of studies of those devices. 
  Do Privacy Labels Answer Users' Privacy Questions?    Shikun Zhang, Norman Sadeh (Carnegie Mellon University)   Abstract     Paper   Slides   Video | Inspired by earlier academic research, iOS app privacy labels and the recent Google Play data safety labels have been introduced as a way to systematically present users with concise summaries of an app’s data practices. Yet, little research has been conducted to determine how well today’s mobile app privacy labels address people’s actual privacy concerns or questions. We analyze a crowd-sourced corpus of privacy questions collected from mobile app users to determine to what extent these mobile app labels actually address users’ privacy concerns and questions. While there are differences between iOS labels and Google Play labels, our results indicate that an important percentage of people’s privacy questions are not answered or only partially addressed in today’s labels. Findings from this work not only shed light on the additional fields that would need to be included in mobile app privacy labels but can also help inform refinements to existing labels to better address users’ typical privacy questions. 
  News 
 NDSS Symposium 2023  
  Attend 
 Previous Events 
  Previous NDSS Symposia 
  Previous USEC Events 
  Previous VehicleSec Events 
