  Conferences 
 USENIX supports diversity, equity, and inclusion and condemns hate and discrimination  .  
   Attend | Registration Information 
    Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
    Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Questions 
  2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  
 July 10–12, 2023   
 Boston, MA, USA   
 OSDI '23    
  Thanks to those who joined us for the 2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC '23). We hope you enjoyed the event.  
 USENIX ATC brings together leading systems researchers for the presentation of cutting-edge systems research and the opportunity to gain insight into a wealth of must-know topics, including virtualization, system and network management and troubleshooting, cloud and edge computing, security, privacy, and trust, mobile and wireless, and more.  
 As part of our commitment to open access to research, the full proceedings and presentation slides are free and open to the public on the technical sessions page  . Videos are posted within a few weeks of the end of the event.  
 Registration Information  
 Early Bird Registration Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 See the Registration Information page  for details.  
 Authors and Speakers  
 Please contact the Conference Department  for registration information.  
 Discounts  
 In addition to our member discounts  , USENIX offers several discounts  to help you to attend USENIX ATC '23.  
 Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  
 Please review USENIX's Coronavirus/COVID-19 Health and Safety Plan  prior to registering for the event. We appreciate your willingness to help safeguard your fellow event attendees and respect their personal safety choices.  
 USENIX Conference Policies  
 We encourage you to learn more about USENIX's values  and how we put them into practice at our conferences.  
 Accessibility Requests  
 USENIX is committed to ensuring that our meetings are fully accessible to all attendees. Visit our accessibility information page  to find out about options and how to make a request. To ensure that we meet your needs, please make your request by Monday, June 19, 2023  . We cannot guarantee that we can meet requests received after this date, although we will make every reasonable effort to do so.  
 Press Registration and Information  
 If you are an accredited journalist, please contact Melanie Ensign, Discernible Inc., for a complimentary registration code: melanie@usenix.org  .  
 Refunds and Cancellations  
 The cancellation deadline is Monday, June 26, 2023  . Please review the USENIX Registration Substitution and Cancellation Policy  for more information.  
 Venue  
 Hotel Discount Deadline: Friday, June 23, 2023   
 Special Attendee Room Rate  
 The group rate is available until Friday, June 23, 2023,  or until the block sells out, whichever occurs first. After this date, contact the hotel directly to inquire about room availability.  
 Room Sharing  
 USENIX utilizes Google Groups  to facilitate room sharing. You can sign up for free to find attendees with whom you can share a hotel room, taxi, etc. Please include "USENIX ATC '23"  in the subject line when posting a new room share request.  
 About USENIX ATC '23  
 Conference Policies   
  Code of Conduct   
 Questions?  
 Review our Conference FAQs  , and send direct queries via email:  
 Registration: conference@usenix.org   
  Membership: membership@usenix.org   
  Sponsorship: sponsorship@usenix.org   
  Student Grants: students@usenix.org   
  Proceedings Papers: production@usenix.org   
 Conference Organizers  
 Ada Gavrilovska, Georgia Institute of Technology    
 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    
 Arvind Krishnamurthy, University of Washington    
 Conference Sponsorship  
 The acceptance of any organization as a sponsor does not imply explicit or implicit approval by USENIX of the donor organization’s values or actions. In addition, sponsorship does not provide any control over conference program content. Questions? Contact the Sponsorship Department  .  
 Attend | Registration Information 
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Contact Us 
 © USENIX 2024