    Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
    Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Questions 
 USENIX ATC '23 Call for Papers  
 Sponsored by USENIX  , the Advanced Computing Systems Association.   
 The 2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference  will be co-located with the 17th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '23)  and take place on July 10–12, 2023, at the Sheraton Boston in Boston, MA, USA.  
 Important Dates  
  Beginning of authors' response period: | Tuesday, April 11, 2023 
  Notification to authors: | Friday, April 28, 2023 
  Final paper files due: | Thursday, June 8, 2023 
  Download Call for Papers PDF    
 Conference Organizers  
 Ada Gavrilovska, Georgia Institute of Technology    
 Casey Henderson, USENIX Association    
 Arvind Krishnamurthy, University of Washington    
 Overview  
 The 2023 USENIX Annual Technical Conference seeks original, high-quality submissions that improve and further the knowledge of computing systems, with an emphasis on implementations and experimental results. We are interested in systems of all scales, from small embedded mobile devices to data centers and clouds. The scope of USENIX ATC covers all practical aspects related to computer systems, including but not limited to: operating systems; runtime systems; parallel and distributed systems; storage; networking; security and privacy; virtualization; software-hardware interactions; performance evaluation and workload characterization; reliability, availability, and scalability; energy and power management; and bug-finding, tracing, analyzing, and troubleshooting.  
 We value submissions more highly if they are accompanied by clearly defined artifacts not previously available, including traces, original data, source code, or tools developed as part of the submitted work. We particularly encourage new ideas and approaches.  
 Submissions must contain original unpublished material that is not under review at any other forum, including journals, conferences, and workshops with proceedings. They will be judged on relevance, novelty, technical merit, correctness, and clarity. An idea or a design that the PC deems flawed can be grounds for rejection.  
 USENIX ATC '23 will employ double-blind reviewing. Papers that are not properly anonymized may be rejected without review.  
 Papers need to be registered and their abstracts submitted by the abstract registration deadline. Papers with an empty abstract at the time of the abstract registration deadline will be rejected.  
 Submission Type: Full vs. Short  
 USENIX ATC accepts both full and short submissions. Full submissions must not exceed 11 pages, and short submissions must not exceed 5 pages. In both cases, the page limit excludes references and includes all text, figures, tables, footnotes, etc. Both types are reviewed to the same standards and differ primarily in scope. A short paper presents a complete idea that is properly evaluated, just like in a full-length submission. For further details, see the submission instructions  .  
 Deployed Systems Track  
 USENIX ATC '23 solicits papers that describe the design, implementation, analysis, and experience with real-world deployment of systems and networks. Papers for the deployed systems track (occasionally referred to as the operational systems track in other USENIX conferences) need not present new ideas or results to be accepted but should convey practical insights. Note that the rules regarding submission and anonymization are different for deployed systems track papers (see the submission instructions  for more details). The final program will explicitly identify papers accepted to the deployed systems track to distinguish them from papers accepted to the regular track.  
 Early Rejection Notifications  
 USENIX ATC '23 will conduct its reviews in multiple rounds. As some papers may be rejected in an early round, USENIX ATC '23 will send early rejection notifications to such authors, at least a month ahead of the date that all remaining notifications are sent (acceptances and additional rejections).  
 Authors' Response Period  
 USENIX ATC '23 will provide an opportunity for authors of papers that are not early rejected to respond to the reviews prior to the final consideration of the submissions at the program committee meeting according to the schedule detailed above.  
 Confidentiality  
 All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication on the USENIX ATC '23 website. Rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.  
 Questions?  
 Please direct any questions to the program co-chairs at atc23chairs@usenix.org  or to the USENIX office at submissionspolicy@usenix.org  .  
 Go to Submission Instructions   
 SUBMIT YOUR WORK    
  Activities 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  Contact Us 
 © USENIX 2024