  MENU     
 2023 IEEE International Conference on Image Processing  
 Email address   What would you like to search for?    
  Contact Us 
  Plenary Speakers 
  For Authors | Paper Kit 
  Lecture Presentation Instructions 
  E-Poster Presentation Instructions 
  Video Preparation and Upload 
  Author Invitation Letter Request 
  Publishing and Paper Presentation Options 
  Submit a Paper to the ICIP Review Track 
  Submit a Paper to the OJSP Review Track 
  Request ICIP Presentation of an SPS Journal Paper 
  Calls | Important Dates 
  Call for papers 
  Registration Desk 
  Attendee Invitation Letter Request 
  Link Paper to Registration 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  Technical Program 
  Industry Program 
  Paper Search 
  Welcome Reception 
  Award Winners 
  Special Sessions 
  Women in Signal Processing Luncheon 
  Author Ethics and IEEE New Author Tools Workshop 
  Young Professionals Networking 
  Student Job Fair and Luncheon 
 Author Registration:  Each accepted paper must be covered by at least one non-student registration by  12 July 2023  , and one non-student registration can cover up to four papers.   
 Non-Presented Paper (No-Show) Policy:  Any accepted paper included in the final program is expected to  
  have at least one author or qualified proxy attend and present the paper in person at the conference. If a paper is not  
  presented at the conference, the paper will not be published by IEEE on IEEE Xplore® or other public access  
  forums, but these papers will be distributed to conference attendees as conference proceedings and the  
  copyright of these papers will belong to IEEE. For poster sessions, if the speaker is not present in front of the  
  poster for most of the time during the poster session, this also implies the paper was not presented.  
  Conference organizers are required to collect attendance records and a list of any non-presented papers  
  and submit to IEEE SPS staff.  
 Exceptions to this policy will be made by the Technical Program Chair(s) of the conference only if there  
  is evidence that the no-show occurred because of unanticipated events beyond the control of the authors,  
  and every option available to the authors to present the paper was exhausted. The no-show authors  
  may appeal the decision of the Technical Program Chair to the VP-Conferences.  
 Qualified Proxy Policy:  The presentation of papers by substitutes is highly discouraged and may only be  
  anticipate inability to travel to a conference because of a government-imposed travel restriction are still  
  encouraged to submit papers. Such papers will be reviewed and accepted on their own merit for publication  
  without any knowledge of the author’s travel restriction. Within one week of paper acceptance notification,  
  travel-restricted authors must notify the Technical Program Chair of the conference with proof of their  
  restriction. Substitute presenters may be possible or, depending on conference resources, other  
 Preprints   
 Authors may post their preprints in the following locations:  
 Author’s personal website 
  Author’s employer’s website 
  arXiv.org 
  TechRxiv.org 
  Funder’s repository* 
  This does not count as a prior publication. If copyright to the paper was transferred to IEEE through the  
  completion of an IEEE Copyright Form before the preprint is posted, IEEE must be credited as the copyright  
  holder with the following statement included on the initial screen displaying IEEE-copyrighted material:  
  promotional purposes, creating new collective works, for resale or redistribution to servers or lists, or reuse  
  of any copyrighted component of this work in other works.”  
 Upon publication of the paper, the paper’s Digital Object Identifier (DOI) should be added.  
 Visit the IEEE Author Center for more information on SPS sharing and posting policies at  
