 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  16th International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction (VINCI 2023) 
 16th International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction (VINCI 2023)  
   Guangzhou, China  
   Submission Deadline: Saturday 01 Apr 2023   
   Conference Dates: Sep 24, 2023 - Sep 26, 2023   
 Research  
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
  The objective of Visual Information Communication and Interaction is to combine knowledge in the areas of Visualization, Human–computer interaction, Artificial intelligence, Information visualization and Data mining. The studies on Visualization discussed can also contribute to research in the domains of World Wide Web, Information retrieval and Data science. Interactive visual analysis, User interface, Multimedia and Context (language use) are some topics wherein Human–computer interaction research discussed in it have an impact.  
 While Artificial intelligence is the focus of Visual Information Communication and Interaction, it also provided insights into the studies of Machine learning, Computer vision and Pattern recognition. The conference is mostly focused on Computer vision, specifically Image (mathematics). In addition to Information visualization research, the conference aims to explore topics under Interactive visualization, Algorithm and Computer graphics (images).  
 Most of the Visual analytics studies addressed also intersect with Analytics.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
 VISA: a visual sentiment analysis system (21 citations) 
  A Flip-Book of Edge-Splatted Small Multiples for Visualizing Dynamic Graphs (14 citations) 
  Enhanced Hexagon-Tiling Algorithm for Map-Like Information Visualisation (14 citations) 
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Visual Information Communication and Interaction:  
 The published articles mostly deal with topics like Visualization, Information visualization, Human–computer interaction, Theoretical computer science and Readability. The studies on Visualization discussed at the published papers can also contribute to research in the domains of User interface, Multimedia and Adaptation (computer science). The conference articles facilitate discussions on Information visualization that incorporate concepts from other fields like Hierarchical database model and Data visualization.  
 What topics the last edition of the conference is best known for?  
 Artificial intelligence 
  Machine learning 
  The previous edition focused in particular on these issues:  
 The conference facilitates discussions on Visualization, Artificial intelligence, Human–computer interaction, Information visualization and Visual analytics. Specifically, studies on Graph drawing are prevalent in the Visualization works discussed. The research on Artificial intelligence tackled can also make contributions to studies in the areas of Machine learning, Computer vision and Pattern recognition.  
 While work presented in the conference provided substantial information on Human–computer interaction, it also covered topics in Pipeline (software), Data visualization, Focus (computing) and Gaze. It holds forums on Information visualization that merges themes from other disciplines such as Interactive visualization, Algorithm, Disinformation and Internet privacy. The concepts on Visual analytics presented in the event can also apply to other research fields, including Tracking (particle physics), Temporal database and Snapshot (computer storage).  
 The most cited articles from the last conference are:  
 Cluster-clean-label: an interactive machine learning approach for labeling high-dimensional data (2 citations) 
  Inner-process visualization of hidden states in recurrent neural networks (1 citations) 
  Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  Quang Vinh Nguyen | (7 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Changbo Wang | (7 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
  University of Texas at Dallas | (12 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  Linnaeus University | (9 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 The 15th International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction   
 Aug 16, 2022 - Aug 18, 2022  
 Chur, Switzerland  
 16th International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction (VINCI 2023)   
 Sep 24, 2023 - Sep 26, 2023  
 Guangzhou, China  
  Best Online Master’s Degree in Public Administration: Guide to Online Programs for 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 16th International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction (VINCI 2023)  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
