  Add a review    
 22 - 24 Sep 2023    
 The International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction  
 Post  
 Visual communication, using graphical or sign languages, has been a long-standing practice among individuals of diverse backgrounds or cultures. It has also evolved to include communication between humans and machines. In today's digital era, visual information is encoded using familiar metaphors to enhance comprehension and analysis. This encompasses information visualization, graphical user-interfaces, visual analytics, and visual languages. Visual information is increasingly utilized for .. continue reading   human-human communication through the internet and mobile devices. The International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction (VINCI) serves as a prominent platform for experts to discuss visual communication theories, designs, and applications. VINCI '23 will take place in Guangzhou, China. Selected papers may be published in The Visual Computer (Springer) and Visual Computing for Industry, Biomedicine and Art (Springer).   
 Listed In  
  Telecommunication    IT & Technology   #Visualization   #Visual   #Visual Communication     
  Conference 
 Editions  
 Sep 2023  
  Frequency  Not Available | Official Links  
 Frequently Asked Questions Contact Organizer   
  Can I get a list of speakers participating in the event?   
 To get the speaker list on mail register at the link  .   
   Helpful    
  Can I get a list of exhibitors participating in the event?   
 To get the exhibitor list on mail register at the link  .   
   Add Your Review    
   Edition Sep 2023     
 How did you participate in this event?  
  Visitor     
 More Events in Guangzhou  
 Dec 06 2024 | [IEEE] The International Science and Technology Innovation Academic Exchange Conference and Information Technology and Computer Applications Academic Conference (ITCA)   
  Guangzhou, China 
 Related Events  
 Dec 05 2024 | CEDIA Tech + Business Summit    
  Houston, USA 
 Dec 10 2024 | AI Summit Seoul    
  Seoul, South Korea 
 Dec 10 2024 | Medicare Star Ratings & Quality Assurance Summit   
  Orlando, USA 
 Dec 11 2024 | Retail Insights Conference   
  Online 
 Dec 11 2024 | Serious Incident Investigation: Implementing the New Patient Safety Incident Response Framework   
  Online 
 More Events in Guangzhou  
 Dec 06 2024 | [IEEE] The International Science and Technology Innovation Academic Exchange Conference and Information Technology and Computer Applications Academic Conference (ITCA)   
  Guangzhou, China 
