Toggle navigation      IEEE VISSOFT    
 Mission 
  Previous Editions 
  Mission  
 Software visualization is a broad research area encompassing concepts, methods, tools, and techniques that assist in a range of software engineering and software development activities. Covered aspects include the development and evaluation of approaches for visually analyzing software and software systems, including their structure, execution behavior, and evolution.  
 The VISSOFT IEEE Working Conference on Software Visualization continues the history of the ACM SOFTVIS Symposium on Software Visualization and the IEEE VISSOFT International Workshop on Visualizing Software for Understanding and Analysis. The conference focuses on visualization techniques that target aspects of software maintenance and evolution, program comprehension, reverse engineering, and reengineering, i.e., how visualization helps professionals to understand, analyze, test and evolve software. We aim to gather tool developers, experts, users, and researchers from software engineering, information visualization, computer graphics, and human-computer interaction to discuss theoretical foundations, algorithms, techniques, tools, and applications related to software visualization. We seek technical papers, empirical studies, applications, or case studies and provide a platform for presenting novel research ideas and tools.  
 IEEE Working Conference on Software Visualization (VISSOFT)  
 VISSOFT 2024 | , October 06-07, Flagstaff, USA. 
  VISSOFT 2023 | , October 01-02, Bogotá, Colombia. 
  VISSOFT 2022 | , October 02-03, Limassol, Cyprus ( | proceedings | ). 
 IEEE International Workshops on Visualizing Software for Understanding and Analysis (VISSOFT)  
 Awards  
 Best Paper Awards  
 VISSOFT 2023: Interactively Exploring API Changes and Versioning Consistency   
  Souhaila Serbout, Diana Carolina Munoz Hurtado, and Cesare Pautasso. 
  VISSOFT 2022: A New Generation of Class Blueprint   
  Nour Jihene Agouf, Stéphane Ducasse, Anne Etien and Michele Lanza. 
 Best Reviewer Awards  
 VISSOFT 2022: Willy Scheibel  , Hasso Plattner Institute, Germany 
 Most Influent Paper Awards (MIP)  
 VISSOFT 2023: Performance evolution blueprint: Understanding the impact of software evolution on performance   
  Juan Pablo Sandoval Alcocer, Alexandre Bergel, Stephane Ducasse, and Marcus Denker  
  Research Track 
  VISSOFT 2023: Live Trace Visualization for Comprehending Large Software Landscapes: The ExplorViz Approach   
  Florian Fittkau, Jan Waller, Christian Wulf, and Wilhelm Hasselbring  
  NIER/TD Track 
  VISSOFT 2022: An Interactive Ambient Visualization for Code Smells   
  Emerson Murphy-Hill and Andrew P. Black. 
 About  
 This webpage is maintained by the Steering Committee and was last updated on October 10 2023. If you have any requests, please contact the chair of the Steering Committee.  
