Toggle navigation          
 VizSec 2023 Home 
  Sponsorship 
  News 
  About 
  VizSec 2023  
 Welcome to 20th IEEE Symposium on Visualization for Cyber Security  
 VizSec 2023 will be held in conjunction with IEEE VIS Conference  on Sunday, October 22, 2023 2:00pm - 5:00pm in Melbourne, Australia. VizSec brings together researchers and practitioners in information visualization and security to address the specific needs of the cyber security community through new and insightful visualization techniques.  
 To register for VizSec, see the IEEE VIS registration page  .  
 Questions?  Please email chair@vizsec.org  for questions regarding VizSec 2023.  
  Program  
 All times are local Time (AEDT, UTC+11)  
 Session 1: Opening, Keynote and Best Paper  
  moderated by Lyndsey Franklin   
 Session 2: Paper Session  
  moderated by tba   
 Carsten Rudolph is Professor for Cybersecurity and Deputy Dean of the Faculty of IT, Monash University, and Director for Research of the Oceania Cyber Security Centre OCSC in Melbourne, Australia. Before joining Monash, he was Head of Research Department for Trust and Compliance at the Fraunhofer Institute for Secure Information Technology SIT, Darmstadt, Germany and lead several large-scale European research initiatives. His research concentrates on information security, formal methods, cryptographic protocols, security of machine learning and human aspects of security with a strong focus interdisciplinary topics. He contributes to the development of secure solutions for different areas, such as digital health or future energy networks. Further, he drives scientific exchange between cybersecurity, law and organisational informatics. Another focus of his research is on nation-level cybersecurity maturity and policy development. Dr. Rudolph has established the OCSC and oversees the OCSC’s program for national cybersecurity maturity reviews in the Pacific region, a collaboration with Oxford University.  
  VizSec 2023 Call for Papers  
 We cordially invite you to participate in the 20th IEEE Symposium on Visualization for Cyber Security (VizSec) 2023. VizSec brings together researchers and practitioners from academia, government, and industry to address the needs of the cybersecurity community through new and insightful visualization and analysis techniques. VizSec provides an excellent venue for fostering greater exchange and new collaborations on a broad range of security- and privacy-related topics.  
 VizSec will be held as an Associated Event with IEEE VIS taking place October 22 - 27 in Melbourne, Australia. As an Associated Event, the VizSec program will be an in-person  event.  
 The purpose of VizSec is to explore effective and scalable visual interfaces for security domains such as network security, computer forensics, reverse engineering, insider threat detection, cryptography, privacy, user-assisted attacks prevention, compliance management, wireless security, secure coding, penetration testing, and other related research topics.  
 We are soliciting Technical (Full), Short, Position Papers and Presentation-Only (Non Archival) submissions.  
 Technical Papers  
 Full papers describing novel contributions in security visualization are solicited. Papers may present techniques, applications, theory, analysis, experiments, or evaluations. We encourage the submission of papers on technologies and methods that promise to improve cyber security practices, including, but not limited to:  
 Situation awareness and/or understanding 
  Incident handling including triage, exploration, correlation, and response 
  Visualization for privacy engineering 
  Submissions including tests and evaluations of the proposed tools and techniques are also considered particularly desirable. If possible, making test data available will also be considered positively. If you do not have real-world data to demonstrate your visualization, you may be interested in looking at the VizSec dataset links  . Please see past years  proceedings and websites to see the quality and examples of previous submissions. Previous VizSec papers may also be found on the VizSec Papers Browser  and on IEEE Xplore.  
 Short Papers  
 Short papers describing initial research results, concise research contributions, or incremental work on the above topics even including practical applications of security visualization, are solicited. We encourage the submission of papers discussing the introduction of cyber security visualizations into operational context including, but not limited to:  
 Cases where visualization made positive contributions towards meeting operational needs 
  Gaps or negative outcomes from visualization deployments 
  Cyber security practitioners from industry, as well as the research community, are encouraged to submit case studies.  
 Position Papers  
 Position papers focus on topics needing or calling for discussion or reconsideration of forgotten topics relevant for the VizSec community. They should report a clear position on the target topic and should also suggest a proposal or actions regarding the target topic. They should stimulate imaginative and hypothesis-driven research. In particular, we encourage submissions both from researchers inside the visualization community and outside, such as researchers and practitioners from pure cybersecurity domains who currently do not broadly employ visualization in their work.  
 Presentation-Only  
 Presentation submissions are non-archival submissions and may describe late-breaking results, work in progress, preliminary results, demonstrations that present concrete examples of successful applications of visualization techniques in industry settings, practical challenges, insights gained from experience, best practices, future directions, and emerging trends relevant to the VizSec community. There will be a dedicated session where speakers can showcase the latest developments in the field, share their findings, present future directions and challenges, and discuss with conference participants. We encourage submissions from both academia and industry, as this will enable fruitful exchanges and foster collaboration between these two communities. Our goal is to create a forum where attendees can learn from each other, discuss emerging trends, and share insights on addressing practical challenges academia and industry face.  
 Awards  
 There will be an award for the best full paper from the accepted program. This award will be given to the paper judged to have the highest overall quality as determined by the program committee. Key elements of the selection process include whether papers include evaluation, repeatable results, and open-source data or software. We plan to recommend the best full paper in a special issue of the journal, IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics (TVCG).  
 Paper Submissions   
 VizSec full papers are limited to 9 pages of content plus an additional 2 pages of references. Papers may be shorter than this but must make a similar contribution to a longer paper. Reviewers are not required to read the appendices or any pages past the maximum. Short papers must be at most 4 pages plus 1 page of references. Position papers must be at most 4 pages total including references.  
 Submissions not meeting these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of their merit. Reviews are single-blind, so authors may include names and affiliations in their submissions. Submitted papers must not substantially overlap papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference with proceedings. Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their papers will be presented at the conference.  
 Guidelines for Artificial Intelligence (AI)-Generated Text   
  The use of artificial intelligence (AI)–generated text in an article shall be disclosed in the acknowledgements section of any paper submitted. The sections of the paper that use AI-generated text shall have a citation to the AI system used to generate the text.  
 How to submit:   
 Presentation Submissions   
 Presentation-only submissions must be 2-page proposals including a presentation title, a brief presentation abstract (maximum 30 words), a description of the presentation topic, a description of the target audience, and biographies of the presenters. Presenters may also submit an accompanying slide or other supplementary materials by following the IEEE VIS formatting guidelines.  
 How to submit:   
  Important Dates  
 Paper deadlines:  Extended!   
 June 30, 2023   July 12, 2023   Submission deadline for full, short, and position papers  
 July 21, 2023   Author notifications  
 Aug 08, 2023   Camera ready submissions and copyright forms due  
 Presentation deadlines:   
 Aug 11, 2023   Submission deadline presentation abstract  
 Sep 01, 2023   Presenter notifications  
 Oct 10, 2023   Presentation Draft Submission  
 VizSec will be held on Sunday, October 22, 2023  .  
 Committees  
   Get in Touch  
 Email chair@vizsec.org  for questions regarding the latest VizSec event. For general questions, email info@vizsec.org  or post to our Google group.   
  Follow @vizsec  on Twitter!  
  VizSec News  
 VizSec 2023 Call for Papers and Deadlines 
  VizSec 2023 Website 
  VizSec 2022 Program 
  VizSec 2022 Call for Papers and Deadlines 
  VizSec 2022 Website 
  Past VizSec Events  
 View all »    
 © The VizSec team; content licensed under CC BY 3.0