 nach oben    
 2023 | Buch  
 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
 Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation  
 24th International Conference, VMCAI 2023, Boston, MA, USA, January 16–17, 2023, Proceedings  
 herausgegeben von: Cezara Dragoi, Michael Emmi, Jingbo Wang   
 SMT-Based Modeling and Verification of Spiking Neural Networks: A Case Study  
  Abstract   
 In this paper, we present a case study on modeling and verification of Spiking Neural Networks (SNN) using Satisfiability Modulo Theory (SMT) solvers. SNN are special neural networks that have great similarity in their architecture and operation with the human brain. These networks have shown similar performance when compared to traditional networks with comparatively lesser energy requirement. We discuss different properties of SNNs and their functioning. We then use Z3, a popular SMT solver to encode the network and its properties. Specifically, we use the theory of Linear Real Arithmetic (LRA). Finally, we present a framework for verification and adversarial robustness analysis and demonstrate it on the Iris and MNIST benchmarks.   
 Soham Banerjee, Sumana Ghosh, Ansuman Banerjee, Swarup K. Mohalik   
  Abstract   
 In the last decades, logical or discrete models have emerged as a successful paradigm for capturing and predicting the behaviors of systems of molecular interactions. Intuitively, they consist in sampling the abundance of each kind of biochemical entity within finite sets of intervals and deriving transitions accordingly. On one hand, formally-proven sound derivation from more precise descriptions (such as from reaction networks) may include many fictitious behaviors. On the other hand, direct modeling usually favors dominant interactions with no guarantee on the behaviors that are neglected.   
 In this paper, we formalize a sound coarse-graining approach for stochastic reaction networks. Its originality relies on two main ingredients. Firstly, we abstract values by intervals that overlap in order to introduce a minimal effort for the system to go back to the previous interval, hence limiting fictitious oscillations in the coarse-grained models. Secondly, we compute for pairs of transitions (in the coarse-grained model) bounds on the probabilities on which one will occur first.   
 We illustrate our ideas on two case studies and demonstrate how techniques from Abstract Interpretation can be used to design more precise discretization methods, while providing a framework to further investigate the underlying structure of logical and discrete models.   
  Abstract   
 Many satisfiability problems exhibit symmetry properties. Thus, the development of symmetry exploitation techniques seems a natural way to try to improve the efficiency of solvers by preventing them from exploring isomorphic parts of the search space. These techniques can be classified into two categories: dynamic and static symmetry breaking. Static approaches have often appeared to be more effective than dynamic ones. But although these approaches can be considered as complementary, very few works have tried to combine them.   
 In this paper, we present a new tool, CosySEL  , that implements a composition of the static Effective Symmetry Breaking Predicates ( esbp  ) technique with the dynamic Symmetric Explanation Learning ( sel  ). esbp  exploits symmetries to prune the search tree and sel  uses symmetries to speed up the tree traversal. These two accelerations are complementary and their combination was made possible by the introduction of Local symmetries  .   
 We conduct our experiments on instances issued from the last ten sat  competitions and the results show that our tool outperforms the existing tools on highly symmetrical problems.   
  Abstract   
 Symbolic execution is a program analysis technique commonly utilized to determine whether programs violate properties and, in case violations are found, to generate inputs that can trigger them. Used in the context of security properties such as noninterference, symbolic execution is precise when looking for counter-example pairs of traces when insecure information flows are found, however it is sound only up to a bound thus it does not allow to prove the correctness of programs with executions beyond the given bound. By contrast, abstract interpretation-based static analysis guarantees soundness but generally lacks the ability to provide counter-example pairs of traces.   
 In this paper, we propose to weave both to obtain the best of two worlds. We demonstrate this with a series of static analyses, including a static analysis called RedSoundRSE  aimed at verifying noninterference. RedSoundRSE  provides both semantically sound results and the ability to derive counter-example pairs of traces up to a bound. It relies on a combination of symbolic execution and abstract domains inspired by the well known notion of reduced product. We formalize RedSoundRSE  and prove its soundness as well as its relative precision up to a bound. We also provide a prototype implementation of RedSoundRSE  and evaluate it on a sample of challenging examples.   
 Ignacio Tiraboschi, Tamara Rezk, Xavier Rival   
 ARENA: Enhancing Abstract Refinement for Neural Network Verification  
  Abstract   
 As neural networks have taken on a critical role in real-world applications, formal verification is earnestly needed to guarantee the safety properties of the networks. However, it remains challenging to balance the trade-off between precision and efficiency in abstract interpretation based verification methods. In this paper, we propose an abstract refinement process that leverages the convex hull techniques to improve the analysis efficiency. Specifically, we introduce the double description method in the convex polytope domain to detect and eliminate multiple spurious  adversarial labels simultaneously. We also combine the new activation relaxation technique with the iterative abstract refinement method to compensate for the precision loss during abstract interpretation. We have implemented our proposal into a verification framework named ARENA, and assessed its effectiveness by conducting a series of experiments. These experiments show that ARENA yields significantly better verification precision compared to the existing abstract-refinement-based tool DeepSRGR. It also identifies falsification by detecting adversarial examples, with reasonable execution efficiency. Lastly, it verifies more images than the state-of-the-art verifier PRIMA.   
 Yuyi Zhong, Quang-Trung Ta, Siau-Cheng Khoo   
  Jingbo Wang  
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
