 Education  Best Online Masters in Education  Doctorate Degree in Education  Master's Degree in Education  Educational Leadership Doctoral Programs Online  Best Online Physical Education Degree    
 Social Work  Accelerated MSW Programs  Best Online Social Work Degree  LCSW Online Programs  Online MSW Programs No GRE Required  Masters Degree in Social Work Online    
 Best Online MBA Programs  Best Accelerated MBA Programs  Online MBA Programs Cost  Best MBA Acceptance Rates  How Hard is it to Get an MBA  MBA in Information Technology  Is an Online MBA Worth It?  Best Accelerated MBA Programs Online  Best Online Executive MBA Programs  Easiest Online MBA Programs    
 Popular Degree Programs  Best Doctorate Degree Online no Dissertation  Best Degrees That Make the Most Money  Best Online Certificate Programs That Pay Well  Best Online Degree Programs  Accelerated Online Degree Programs for Working Adults  Accredited Self-Paced Online Colleges?  Easiest Online Degrees That Pay Well  Easiest College Majors  Best Associate Degrees    
 Additional Degrees  Library Science Degree  Supply Chain Management Degree  Finance Degree  Accredited Online Counseling Programs  Cyber Security Degree  Best Online Graphic Design Degree  History Degree  Human Resources Degree  Best Online Nutrition Degree  Nutrition Degree  Logistics Degree  Best Library Science Degree Online  Human Services Degree  Bookkeeping Certification  Masters in Forensic Accounting    
 Home 
  Best Conferences - Computer Science 
  29th ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology (VRST) 
 29th ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology (VRST)  
   Christchurch, New Zealand  
   Submission Deadline: Monday 12 Jun 2023   
   Conference Dates: Oct 09, 2023 - Oct 11, 2023   
 Research  
  Impact Score 2.30   
 OFFICIAL WEBSITE  Conference Organizers: Deadline extended?  
  Click here to edit   
   Conference Call for Papers  
 VRST 2023 welcomes paper submissions relating (but not limited) to the following XR areas:  
  Display technology and interaction devices  
  The topics of Virtual reality, Artificial intelligence, Computer vision, Human–computer interaction and Computer graphics (images) are the focal point of discussions in the conference. The conference holds forums on Virtual reality that merges themes from other disciplines such as Virtual machine, Multimedia and Simulation, Haptic technology. Many of the studies tackled connect Multimedia with a similar field of study like Metaverse.  
 The in-depth study on Artificial intelligence also explores topics in the intersecting field of Animation. While work presented in the event provided substantial information on Computer vision, it also covered topics in Perception and Position (vector). While Human–computer interaction is the focus of Virtual Reality Software and Technology, it also provided insights into the studies of Visualization, Interface (computing) and Gesture.  
 Rendering (computer graphics) works presented in Virtual Reality Software and Technology have a specific focus on Real-time rendering. The conference features studies on Mixed reality, including topics such as Computer-mediated reality.  
 What are the most cited papers published at the conference?  
  Research areas of the most cited articles at Virtual Reality Software and Technology:  
 The conference articles mainly deal with areas of study such as Virtual reality, Artificial intelligence, Human–computer interaction, Computer vision and Computer graphics (images). The published articles focus on Virtual reality but the discussions also offer insight into other areas such as Augmented reality, Orientation (computer vision), Immersion (virtual reality) and Simulation, Haptic technology. The conference articles explore topics in Human–computer interaction which can be helpful for research in disciplines like Object (computer science), Virtual machine, Multimedia and Interface (computing).  
 Papers citation over time  
 A key indicator for each conference is its effectiveness in reaching other researchers with the papers published at that venue.  
  Tobias Hollerer | (13 papers) | published 3 papers at the last edition, 1 more than at the previous edition, 
  Anthony Steed | (10 papers) | published 4 papers at the last edition, 3 more than at the previous edition. 
  The overall trend for top authors publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top authors.  
 Research.com  
 French Institute for Research in Computer Science and Automation | (23 papers) | absent at the last edition, 
  University of Tokyo | (21 papers) | published 6 papers at the last edition, 3 more than at the previous edition, 
  University of Würzburg | (17 papers) | published 1 paper at the last edition, 1 less than at the previous edition, 
  Korea University | (16 papers) | published 2 papers at the last edition, 2 less than at the previous edition, 
  Chinese Academy of Sciences | (15 papers) | absent at the last edition. 
  The overall trend for top affiliations publishing at this conference is outlined below. The chart shows the number of publications at each edition of the conference for top affiliations.  
 Research.com  
 Publication chance based on affiliation  
 The publication chance index shows the ratio of articles published by the best research institutions at the conference edition to all articles published within that conference. The best research institutions were selected based on the largest number of articles published during all editions of the conference.  
 Returning Authors Index  
 A very common phenomenon observed among researchers publishing scientific articles is the intentional selection of conferences they have already attended in the past. In particular, it is worth analyzing the case when the authors participate in the same conference from year to year.  
 The Returning Authors Index presented below illustrates the ratio of authors who participated in both a given as well as the previous edition of the conference in relation to all participants in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 Returning Institution Index  
 The graph below shows the Returning Institution Index, illustrating the ratio of institutions that participated in both a given and the previous edition of the conference in relation to all affiliations present in a given year.  
 Research.com  
 The experience to innovation index  
 Our experience to innovation index was created to show a cross-section of the experience level of authors publishing at a conference. The index includes the authors publishing at the last edition of a conference  , grouped by total number of publications throughout their academic career (P) and the total number of citations of these publications ever received (C).  
 The group intervals were selected empirically to best show the diversity of the authors' experiences, their labels were selected as a convenience, not as judgment. The authors were divided into the following groups:  
 Novice - P < 5 or C < 25 (the number of publications less than 5 or the number of citations less than 25), 
 Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology   
 Nov 29, 2022 - Dec 01, 2022  
 Tsukuba, Japan  
 29th ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology (VRST)   
 Oct 09, 2023 - Oct 11, 2023  
 Christchurch, New Zealand  
  Best Online Master’s Program in Forensic Psychology: Guide to Online Programs for 2024   
 Edit Submission Deadline  
 29th ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology (VRST)  
     Your email address      
  New submission deadline      
  Further information      
 SEND MESSAGE     
