  Submit item for ISPR Presence News 
 Call: ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology (VRST 2023)  
 Published:  
 May 19, 2023     
 —  
 in  Calls    
 Call for Papers/Posters/Demos   
 VRST 2023  
  ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology  
   Christchurch, New Zealand / In-person only  
  October 9-11, 2023  
 Submission deadlines:  
 Abstracts: June 12, 2023 
  Papers: June 19, 2023 
  Posters and demos: July 2, 2023 
  The 29th ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology (VRST) will be held in Christchurch, New Zealand, from Monday-Wednesday, 9-11 October 2023. The event is sponsored by ACM SIGCHI and SIGGRAPH.  
 VRST is a premier international symposium for the presentation of new research results, systems, and techniques among researchers and developers on virtual, augmented and mixed reality (VR/AR/MR, XR for short) software and technology.  
 VRST brings together the main international research groups working on XR, along with many of the world’s leading companies that provide or utilise XR systems.  
 TOPICS:  
 VRST 2023 welcomes paper submissions relating (but not limited) to the following XR areas:  
 Display technology and interaction devices 
  Low-latency and high-performance software and applications 
  Conference: 09-11 October 2023 (Monday-Wednesday) 
 PCS Submission Management System:  
 Please use the Precision Conferences System (PCS) to submit your work. After clicking the link below, please choose “SIGCHI” from the “Society” drop-down list, then “VRST 2023” from the “Conference/Journal” drop-down list.  
 Submission Guidelines:  
 All accepted papers will be published in the ACM Digital Library in the VRST collection.  
 Paper Format:  
 Paper submissions must be anonymous for a double-blind review process (see website for more details). By contrast, Poster and Demo submissions do NOT have to be anonymous, and these submissions will be juried by committee members and receive light feedback (up to a few paragraphs in length).  
  For LaTeX authors, submissions should be made using the double-column format using \documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart}. 
  Authors should prepare their materials using numbered citations and references. See the TAPS webpage for guidance on how content length corresponds to the page limits for the final version. 
  Submission Lengths:  
 Paper: 4 to 9 pages double column excluding references. 
  Poster / Demo: Up to a maximum of 2 pages double columns including references. 
  CONTACTS:  
 Programme Chairs: papers2023@vrst.acm.org   
 Gerd Bruder, University of Central Florida (USA) 
  Tabitha Peck, Davidson University (USA) 
  Stefania Serafin, Aalborg University (Denmark) 
  Poster and Demo Chairs: posters2023@vrst.acm.org   
 Christoph Borst, University of Louisiana at Lafayette (USA) 
  Bhuvan Sarupuri, Topdesk (Hungary) 
  May 2024 | (24) 
  April 2024 | (27) 
  December 2022 | (24) 
  Recent Posts  
 Call: Real and Imagined Spaces in Film Conference | November 22, 2024 
  Study: VR and presence boost police officer empathy with people in mental health crisis | November 22, 2024 
  Jobs: Faculty positions at Northeastern U. in Extended Reality, AI and Design (Boston & Oakland) | November 21, 2024 
  Minecraft AI may represent the future of real-time video generation | November 21, 2024 
  The future of ADHD treatment? LSU’s VR research aims to help students focus and succeed | November 20, 2024 
  Recent Comments  
 Ali Alajmi  on Presence Picture #12: ‘Virtual Bowie Coupe’ on train to exhibit in Grongen, Netherlands 
  Ali Alajmi  on Presence Pictures: Robots at Work and Play 
  Jackson Neill  on Living in “third person view” with VR and a backpack-mounted camera 
  Jackson Neill  on Presence after death: Deepak Chopra made a digital clone of himself, and other celebs could soon follow 
  Jackson Neill  on Extend Robotics launches R:O:B:, a teleoperated “robotically optimised bartender” 
