WABI 2023 
  Menu 
  Back to ACM-BCB 2023 
  Sponsorship 
  Workshop on Algorithms in Bioinformatics (WABI) 2023, September 4-6  
 Scope  
 WABI is an international conference covering research in algorithmic work in bioinformatics, computational biology and systems biology. The emphasis is mainly on discrete algorithms and machine-learning methods that address important problems in molecular biology, that are founded on sound models, that are computationally efficient, and that provide evidence of their potential usefulness in practice, preferably by testing on appropriately chosen simulated or real datasets. The goal is to present recent research results, including significant work-in-progress, and to identify and explore directions of future research. This year it is colocated with ACM-BCB 2023  .  
 Important dates  
 Paper submission deadline: | May 4, 2023 
  Paper notification: | June 8, 2023 
  Camera ready: | June 20, 2023 
  Invitations to authors of selected papers for the WABI 2023 series in AMB: | July 12, 2023 
  Poster abstract submission deadline: | July 14, 2023 | (extended) 
  Poster notification: | July 17, 2023 | (extended) 
  Conference: | September 4-6, 2023 
  Extended paper submission deadline (AMB): | October 31, 2023 
  Schedule  
 The workshop schedule is now available for download  .  
 Call for papers/posters  
 Paper submission (closed)  
 Submissions must be formatted in LaTeX using the LIPIcs style  and must not exceed 15 pages excluding references. For details please see the information for authors  . Each paper must contain a succinct statement of the issues and of their motivation, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance, all accessible to non-specialist readers. All submissions must be made online, through the EasyChair submission system, at:  
  For scientific information, please contact one of the WABI program committee co-chairs, Aïda Ouangraoua (aida.ouangraoua[at]usherbrooke[dot]ca) or Djamal Belazzougui (dbelazzougui[at]cerist[dot]dz). For organizational information, please refer to the ACM-BCB 2023 website  .  
  You will need to register on the EasyChair web site before submitting. A standard .pdf file must be received by May 4, 2023  (time zone of your choice) in order for your submission to be considered. Re-submission of already submitted papers will be possible until May 9, 2023  (time zone of your choice). Simultaneous submission to another conference with published proceedings is not permitted, but simultaneous submission to a journal is allowed, provided that the authors notify the program chairs; if published in a journal, such a contribution will be published as a short abstract in the WABI proceedings. Depositing in arxiv.org  or biorxiv.org  is allowed.  
  By submitting a paper the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance at least one of the authors must register at ACM-BCB 2023, attend the conference, and present the paper.  
 Accepted papers will be published in WABI proceedings in the LIPIcs Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics  .  
  Selected papers will be invited for an extended publication in a thematic series in Algorithms for Molecular Biology (AMB)  .  
 Poster submission (closed)  
 Program committee  
 Highlight talks  
 This year's WABI will for the first time feature highlight talks presenting recently published works which had or are expected to have a high impact in the field. For this edition, we have invited the following two speakers: Christina Boucher    
 Pangenome Alignment via Recursive Prefix-free Parsing 
  Based on two papers, respectively | presented | at DCC 2023 and | published | in Journal of Computational Biolology (2022) 
  Co-authors: Travis Gagie, Ben Langmead, Marco Oliva, Massimiliano Rossi 
  Travis Gagie    
  Co-authors: Hideo Bannai, Andrej Baláz, Christina Boucher, Adrián Goga, Simon Heumos, Tomohiro I, Ben Langmead, Giovanni Manzini, Gonzalo Navarro, Marco Oliva, Alessia Petescia, Nicola Prezza, Massimiliano Rossi, Jouni Sirén 
  Accepted papers (in submission order)  
 BATCH-SCAMPP: Scaling phylogenetic placement methods to place many sequences | . Eleanor Wedell, Chengze Shen and Tandy Warnow ( | Full version | ) 
  EMMA: Adding Sequences into a Constraint Alignment with High Accuracy and Scalability | . Chengze Shen, Baqiao Liu, Kelly P. Williams and Tandy Warnow ( | Full version | ) 
