 a Ph.D. in computer science or related fields; 
  excellent written and communication skills; and 
  experience publishing in CV or ML venues such as CVPR, ICCV, WACV, AAAI, or NeurIPS 
  Application: Candidates should submit their cover letter, current CV, and three references (one reference should be from the candidate's doctoral supervisor).The position is available immediately, and we will accept applications until the position is filled. The initial appointment is for one year, with renewal dependent on continued funding. Contact: If you have any questions, feel free to contact souvenir@temple.edu  .  
 Temple University College of Science and Technology is an equal opportunity, equal access, affirmative action employer committed to achieving a diverse community (AA, EOE, m/f/d/v).  
 More info   |  Contact:  Richard Souvenir  |  Posted on: 2023-01-04    
 Computer Vision Researcher   
 In This Position You Will:  
  - Develop robust solutions in the areas of object based detection, feature detection, motion pattern learning and anomaly detection  
  - Enjoy support and encouragement for participation in national and international conferences (such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, WACV, and 3DV)  
  - Be encouraged to seek funding to grow and develop your own research areas, if you desire  
 Required Qualifications:  
 Kitware actively subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, protected veteran status, uniformed service member status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.  
 More info   |  Contact:  Roxanne Little  |  Posted on: 2023-01-01    
 3D Computer Vision Researcher   
 Team Description:  
  Our Computer Vision team is a leader in the creation of cutting-edge algorithms and software for automated image and video analysis. Our solutions embrace deep learning and add measurable value to government agencies, commercial organizations, and academic institutions worldwide. We understand the difficulties in extracting, interpreting, and utilizing information across images, video, metadata, and text, and we recognize the need for robust, affordable solutions. We seek to advance the fields of computer vision and deep learning through research and development and through collaborative projects that build on our open source software platforms, such as Kitware Image and Video Exploitation and Retrieval (KWIVER) toolkit.  
 Researchers at Kitware enjoy support and encouragement for participation in national and international conferences (such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, WACV, and 3DV); and encouragement to seek funding to grow and develop their own research areas, if they desire. The Kitware Vision Group has collaborated with more than 20 universities and maintains active involvement in major vision conferences.  
 About the Projects:  
  Kitware’s 3D computer vision team develops algorithms and open source applications for photogrammetry: reconstructing 3D models of objects from images and video. Current 3D projects have an emphasis on aerial and satellite imagery sources, but capabilities are often adapted to other problem domains. These projects have created and continue to support the development of TeleSculptor, an open source application for aerial 3D reconstruction built on KWIVER, and Danesfield, an open source Python framework and web application for urban 3D modeling from satellite imagery. Our 3D vision research projects support the continued development of these tools, development and publication of new cutting edge 3D reconstruction and camera calibration algorithms, and opportunities to leverage 3D vision to assist with broader computer vision topics. The team is exploring how 3D vision algorithms can aid in object detection and tracking, change detection, super resolution, video compression, super resolution, and various other problems. We frequently explore opportunities to adapt our work to new customers with new challenges and new data domains such as underwater imagery or synthetic aperture radar.  
 In this Position You Will:  
  - Conduct research and develop solutions for problems related to camera calibration, registration, and 3D reconstruction from images  
  - Contribute to the development of open source software such as TeleSculptor, KWIVER, or Danesfield  
  - Collaborate with other researchers to brainstorm ideas and peer review work  
  - Prepare and present research findings to customers and collaborators  
  - Enjoy support and encouragement for participation in national and international conferences (such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, WACV, and 3DV)  
  - Be encouraged to seek funding to grow and develop your own research areas, if you desire  
 Required Qualifications:  
 Kitware actively subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, protected veteran status, uniformed service member status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.  
 More info   |  Contact:  Roxanne Little  |  Posted on: 2023-01-01    
 Research Intern   
 Yahoo  |  United States of America - Remote    
 The Visual Intelligence team at Yahoo is looking for a research intern for the Summer of 2023. Our team's main focus is on multimodal image and video understanding, though we also contribute to our products by building solutions for image editing and enhancement, image ranking, and video recommendation, among others. Our work allows Yahoo to process multimedia assets at scale, making it possible to deliver the best content and experiences to our users across our entire ecosystem. If contributing to research in these areas sounds interesting to you, please apply at the following link!  
 More info   |  Contact:  Joao Soares  |  Posted on: 2023-01-01    
 Research Intern   
 Yahoo  |  United States of America - Remote    
 The Visual Intelligence team at Yahoo is looking for a research intern for the Summer of 2023. Our team's main focus is on multimodal image and video understanding, though we also contribute to our products by building solutions for image editing and enhancement, image ranking, and video recommendation, among others. Our work allows Yahoo to process multimedia assets at scale, making it possible to deliver the best content and experiences to our users across our entire ecosystem. If contributing to research in these areas sounds interesting to you, please apply at the following link!  
 More info   |  Contact:  Joao Soares  |  Posted on: 2023-01-01    
 Senior Software Engineer - Computer Vision & Deep Learning   
  Only applications received before midday on the 16th February 2022 can be considered. You will be required to upload a covering letter/supporting statement, including a brief statement of research interests (describing how past experience and future plans fit with the advertised position), CV and the details of two referees as part of your online application.  
  The Department holds an Athena Swan Bronze award, highlighting its commitment to promoting women in Science, Engineering and Technology.  
  • Experience with real-time systems is considered a plus.  
  • Experience with remote sensing such as RADAR or hyperspectral imaging is considered a plus.  
  • Due to government project requirements, the preference for this position is US citizen or US permanent resident.  
 Please email your resume to han-pang.chiu@sri.com if you are interested.  
 Best,  
  We have active research and development projects where we design, integrate, test, and deploy state-of-the-art systems for a range of applications, including image and video analytics, artificial intelligence, perception for autonomous systems, healthcare, training, and simulation.  
  The desired candidate should have extensive experience in computer vision particularly in the areas of camera calibration, 3D reconstruction, SLAM, in-painting/out-painting, computer graphics, neural rendering (NeRF), generative model and synthetic image generation. A solid background in programming is important.  
  CITIZENSHIP / VISA STATUS  
