  Committee 
 WAFR 2022  
 The 15th International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics will be held on June 22-24, 2022 at the University of Maryland, College Park  
  Registration   Live Streaming    
 Springer Book Copyright Form is available online | here | for authors. 
  To attend the talks virtually, you can either register for the Zoom meeting using this | link | or follow along on the | WAFR YouTube channel | . 
  The conference banquet will take place at the Smithsonian Castle in Washington DC! Details are posted on the | program page | . 
  The program and the list of accepted papers has been posted! 
  We are pleased to offer, via generous support from NSF, a limited number of travel grants for students at US institutions. More information on | this page | . 
  Registration page | is now active. Early registration ends on May 15. 
  Paper decisions are out! 
  Due to multiple requests, the organizing committee has decided to make an | extension of the final submission deadline to Monday, February 14 | , at the end of day (AOE time). This is intended to allow authors who have submitted abstracts more time to improve the quality of their manuscripts. Nevertheless, | new abstract submissions will also be allowed through EasyChair until Friday, February 4 | , at the end of day (AOE time). 
  The | submission site | is now active. 
  Because of the continuing uncertainty about the feasibility of international travel in the future, the location for WAFR 2022 has been changed to the | University of Maryland, College Park | . This change of venue is intended to maximize the probability of a successful in-person meeting in Summer 2022. Remote participation options will be made available for authors of accepted papers that cannot participate in person. The submission timeline remains unchanged. 
  The call for papers is out! 
 The focus of WAFR is on the design and analysis of robot algorithms from both theoretical and practical angles. The design and analysis of algorithms and foundations of robotics raise unique questions in a variety of traditional and new fields including but not limited to:  
 Control theory and optimization, 
 Submissions should not exceed 16 pages (including references) in this format.  
 Supplementary material  
 In the submissions before the conference, supplementary material (appendices with supportive proofs or multimedia files) can be submitted together with the main manuscript. While encouraged, the program committee members are not required to check the supplementary material in order to prepare their comments. No supplementary material will be included in the book.  
  Paper Submission    
 Important Dates  
 Abstract submission deadline | February 1  February 4, 2022 (AoE) 
 Paper submission deadline | February 7  February 14, 2022 (AoE) 
 Notification of acceptance | March 31, 2022 
 Conference | June 22-24, 2022 
 Venue  
