   Explore Funding   Search All Opportunities 
  By Directorate 
  By Upcoming Due Date 
  NSF-wide Initiatives 
  Search Funded Projects (Awards) 
 The 14th International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR'20) Student Travel Awards    
 NSF Org: | IIS   
  CSE  Direct For Computer & Info Scie & Enginr 
 End Date: | April 30, 2023 (Estimated) 
  The purpose of this grant for student travel to enable U.S. students, who otherwise might be unable to attend the WAFR conference, to present their work and forge connections with colleagues from around the world. In addition to paper presentations, the event will feature 3?5 keynote presentations by influential and internationally renowned roboticists. These presentations will provide succinct, first-hand information on historical perspectives, current state-of-the-art, and future trends of robotic planning, optimization and control, computational geometry and algorithms. With a long-established history, in the past WAFR has been among the best venues to focus on fundamental computer science topics and technical questions which underpin robotics, being known as the place where several foundational breakthroughs were presented in the past. In particular, themes covered by WAFR submissions and presentations previously have addressed fundamental algorithmic issues, such as complexity, completeness, machine learning, and probabilistic reasoning. Work has also been presented with applicability to manufacturing, legged locomotion, distributed robotics, human-robot interaction, surgical robots, and intelligent prosthetics, and even domains beyond the traditional scope of robotics, e.g., computational biology, computer animation, sensor networks. These match NSF's robotics priorities very closely.  
  This award reflects NSF's statutory mission and has been deemed worthy of support through evaluation using the Foundation's intellectual merit and broader impacts review criteria.   
 This Project Outcomes Report for the General Public is displayed verbatim as submitted by the Principal Investigator (PI) for this award. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this Report are those of the PI and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation; NSF has not approved or endorsed its content.  
 This award provided funds in order to support travel of US-based graduate students to the 1 4th International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR'20), originally planned to be held in Oulu, Finland.  Already having had a long andillustrious existence, WAFR has historically been among the best venues to focus on fundamental computer sciencetopics and technical questions which underpin robotics, being known as the place where several foundationalbreakthroughs were presented in the past. In particular, themes covered by WAFR submissions and presentationspreviously have addressed fundamental algorithmic issues, such as complexity, completeness, machine learning, andprobabilistic reasoning. Work has also been presented with applicability to manufacturing, legged locomotion, distributedrobotics, human-robot interaction, surgical robots, and intelligent prosthetics, and even domains beyond the traditionalscope of robotics, e.g., computational biology, computer animation, sensor networks.  
  Last Modified: 12/21/2023  
  Modified by: Dylan A Shell  
