Skip to content    ALGO 2023   
        Home  Home 
  IPEC 
  ESA 
  WAOA 
  Local Info 
  Registration 
  Social Program 
 WAOA  
 2023   
 Scope  
 Approximation and online algorithms are fundamental tools to deal with computationally hard problems and problems in which the input is gradually disclosed over time. Both kinds of problems arise from a large number of applications in a variety of fields. The Workshop on Approximation and Online Algorithms (WAOA)  focuses on the design and analysis of approximation and online algorithms. It also covers experimental methods used to design and analyze efficient approximation and online algorithms. It is co-located with ALGO 2023  , which also hosts ESA  , ALGOCLOUD  , ALGOWIN  , ATMOS  and IPEC  . ALGO 2023  will take place in the beautiful city of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.  
 Important dates  
 Paper Submission: June 29, 2023 (AOE) 
  Notification of acceptance: July 31, 2023 
  Camera-ready: August 31, 2023 
  Conference dates: September 7-8, 2023 
  Call for papers  
 Papers are solicited in all research areas related to approximation and online algorithms, including, but not limited to:  
  Resource augmentation 
  Scheduling problems 
  Submission guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or full paper of at most 10 pages excluding the title page, references, and an optional appendix. The submission should be typeset using a 10-point or larger font in a single-column format with ample spacing throughout and 2cm margins all around on A4-size paper. Proofs omitted due to space constraints must be placed in an appendix. This appendix can even comprise an entire full version of the paper. The appendix will be read by the program committee members at their discretion. In particular, appendices of accepted papers are not going to be published in the proceedings. The main part of the submission should therefore contain a clear technical presentation of the merits of the paper, including a discussion of the paper’s importance within the context of prior work and a description of the key technical and conceptual ideas used to achieve its main claims.  
 The conference employs a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work is in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, references should not be omitted or anonymized.  
 By submitting a paper the authors acknowledge that in case of acceptance at least one of the authors must register at ALGO 2023, attend the conference onsite and present the paper.  
 The program committee may award a Best Paper Award to one of the accepted papers.  
 Invited speaker  
 Nicole Megow, University of Bremen  
 Proceedings will be published in the Springer series Lecture Notes in Computer Science after the workshop takes place.  
 ALGO 2023   
 Imprint   
