 2022     
 2023     
  Archive     
 15 th  International Workshop on Computational Optimization (WCO'22)  
 Sofia, Bulgaria, 4 - 7 September, 2022  
 Committee   
 Best Paper Award - Past Winners   
 Many real world problems arising in engineering, economics, medicine and other domains can be formulated as optimization tasks. These problems are frequently characterized by non-convex, non-differentiable, discontinuous, noisy or dynamic objective functions and constraints which ask for adequate computational methods.  
 The aim of this workshop is to stimulate the communication between researchers working on different fields of optimization and practitioners who need reliable and efficient computational optimization methods.  
  optimization in statistics, econometrics, finance, physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, and engineering 
  environment modeling and optimization 
  Best Paper Award  
 The best WCO'22 paper will be awarded during the social dinner of FedCSIS 2022.   
 The best paper will be selected by WCO'22 co-Chairs by taking into consideration the scores suggested by the reviewers, as well as the quality of the given oral presentation.   
 Paper submission  
 Authors should submit draft papers (as Postscript, PDF or MSWord file). 
  The total length of a paper should not exceed 10 pages IEEE style (including tables, figures and references). IEEE style templates are available | here | . 
  Papers will be refereed and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the workshop. 
  Preprints containing accepted papers will be published on a USB memory stick provided to the FedCSIS participants. 
  Only | papers presented at the conference will be published in Conference Proceedings and submitted for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore® database. 
  Conference proceedings will be submitted for indexation according to information | here | . 
 Important dates  
  Paper submission (sharp / no extension):  May 10, 2022   
  Position paper submission:  June 7, 2022   
  Author notification:  July 7, 2022   
  Registration and early payment will be open on: July 13, 2022    
  Final paper submission, registration:  July 24, 2022   
  Discounted payment:  July 26, 2022   
  Conference date:  September 4-7, 2022  
 FedCSIS 2022 is organized by  
  Call for Position Papers 
  Categories of Papers 
  Paper Reviews and Acceptance Decisions 
  Paper Submission Instructions 
  Publications 
  Indexation and Rankings 
  Professor Zdzisław Pawlak Best Paper Awards 
  Conference fees 
  Conference venue 
  --- PeRS 
  --- RSTA 
  --- WCO 
  Track 2: CSS 
  --- CANA 
