WG 2023  
 June 28-30, 2023, Fribourg, Switzerland  
  Menu  Skip to content  WG 2023 
  Accepted Papers 
  Schedule 
 Aims and Scope  
 WG conferences aim to connect theory and applications by demonstrating how graph-theoretic concepts can be applied in various areas of computer science. The goal is to present recent results and to identify and explore directions for future research. Submitted papers should describe original results in any aspects of graph theory related to computer science, including but not restricted to:  
 design and analysis of sequential, parallel, randomized, parameterized, and distributed graph and network algorithms, 
  structural graph theory with algorithmic or complexity applications, 
  random graphs and models of the web and scale-free networks, and support of these concepts by suitable implementations and applications. 
  Important dates  
 Abstract submission deadline: February 13, 2023 AoE 
  Paper submission deadline: February 20, 2023 AoE 
  Notification of paper acceptance: April 26, 2023 
  Symposium: June 28-30, 2023 
  Final versions due: July 21, 2023 
 Submissions And Proceedings  
 Contributors are invited to submit an extended abstract of at most 12 pages Springer LNCS format  including title and abstract, but excluding references. Proofs omitted due to space restrictions must be placed in an appendix, to be read by program committee members at their discretion. All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. Accepted contributions will be published in the conference post-proceedings in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (ARCoSS/LNCS) series of Springer-Verlag. At least one author of each accepted paper will be expected to register and present the paper in person at the conference.  
 The submission server can be found here  .  
 Awards  
 WG 2023 will offer awards for the best paper and the best student paper. The awards will be decided by the program committee. The committee can decide to split the awards over multiple papers, or not to offer an award. Papers eligible for the best student paper can have non-student co-authors, but the main work in a paper that is a candidate for the best student paper award must be done by co-authors that were students at the time of submission, and the award can be received only by such co-authors. It must be indicated at the time of submission whether a paper is a candidate for this award.  
 June 28-30, 2023, Fribourg, Switzerland  
 For any information, please contact: wg2023@unifr.ch   
