The 22nd IEEE/WIC WI-IAT 2023                Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Participants | Registration 
  Paper Submission 
  Visa Application 
  Venue & Accomodation 
 The 22nd IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology  
 WI = Artificial Intelligence in the Connected World   
  October 26-29, 2023, Venice, Italy   
  A Hybrid Conference with both Online  and Offline  Modes    
 * BOOK: WI-IAT 2023 Conference Proceedings *    
  * WI-IAT 2023 Awards * 
  Watch Video on YouTube  or HERE  .    
   About the Conference  
 The 2023 IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT'23) provides a premier international forum to bring together researchers and practitioners from diverse fields for presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative and practical development experiences on Web intelligence and intelligent agent technology research and applications.   
 Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT) aims to achieve a multi-disciplinary balance between research advances in theories and methods usually associated with collective intelligence, data science, human-centric computing, knowledge management, network science, autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. It is committed to addressing research that both deepen the understanding of computational, logical, cognitive, physical, and social foundations of the future Web, and enable the development and application of intelligent technologies. WI-IAT'23 provides a premier forum and features high-quality, original research papers and real-world applications in all theoretical and technology areas that make up the field of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology. WI-IAT'23 welcomes research, application as well as Industry/Demo paper submissions. Tutorial, Workshop and Special-Session proposals and papers are also welcome. WI-IAT'23 in Venice (Italy) is officially sponsored by IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Intelligent Informatics (TCII) and Web Intelligence Consortium (WIC).   
 WI-IAT'23 will provide a broad forum that academia professionals and industry people can exchange their ideas, findings and strategies in deepening the understanding of all Web's entities, phenomena, and developments in utilizing the power of human brains and man-made networks to create a better world. More specifically, the fields of how artificial intelligence is impacting the Web of People, the Web of Data, the Web of Things, the Web of Trust, the Web of Agents, the Web of Everything, and emerging FAccT in WI-IAT. Therefore, “Web Intelligence = AI in the Connected World”.   
  Main Topics and Areas   
 The WI-IAT'23 solicits high-quality original research. Relevant topics include but are not limited to:   
 Track 1: Web of People 
 Track 5: Web of Agents 
 Special Tracks: FAccT and AIGC in WI-IAT 
  Keynote Speakers   
  Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)   
 April 16, 2023: Workshop Proposal Submission 
 May 1, 2023: Workshop Proposal Acceptance Notification 
 June 25, 2023 (Extended) : Full Papers Submission 
 August 8, 2023: Paper Acceptance Notification (Main Conference) 
 August 15, 2023: Workshop Paper Acceptance Notification 
 August 22, 2023: Workshop Fast Track - Submission (For Main Conf's Rejected Papers) 
 August 29, 2023: Workshop Fast Track - Notification (For Main Conf's Rejected Papers) 
 September 5, 2023: Early Registration Closes 
 September 12, 2023: Camera-ready Submission 
 October 26, 2023: Workshops and Special Sessions 
 October 27-29, 2023: Main Conference 
  Journal Opportunities   
 Publisher: Elsevier  
  Paper Submission and Publication   
 CONTACT  
  (To Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+chairs@unive.it 
  (To PC-Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+pc.chairs@unive.it 
   (To Workshop Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+workshops@unive.it 
  (To Publicity Chairs) | wi.iat.2023+publicity@unive.it 
 ©WI-IAT2023. All Rights Reserved | Design by WIC