The 23rd IEEE/WIC WI-IAT 2024                Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Participants | Registration 
  Paper Submission 
  Visa Application 
  Venue & Accomodation 
 The 23rd IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology  
 WI = Artificial Intelligence in the Connected World   
  December 9-12, 2024, Bangkok, Thailand   
  A Hybrid Conference with both Online  and Offline  Modes    
 Camera-ready Submission Open: November 1, 2024     
  Registration Website    
  The whole conference will be in hybrid mode presence+online. 
 * WEB INTELLIGENCE ACADEMY (WIA) *     
  The Web Intelligence Academy (WIA) promotes the advancement of science, engineering, and technology by recognizing and honoring the leading intellectuals, scholars, researchers, and practitioners who have made significant, cumulative contributions to the field of Web Intelligence (WI). It encourages people worldwide to collaborate, to interact, and co-create ideas, innovations, knowledge, and multidisciplinary understandings for promoting “WI = AI in the connected world”, the development of new generation AI technology to create a future intelligent society. 
  Watch Video on YouTube  or HERE  .    
   About the Conference  
 The 2024 IEEE/WIC International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT'24) provides a premier international forum to bring together researchers and practitioners from diverse fields for presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative and practical development experiences on Web intelligence and intelligent agent technology research and applications. Academia, professionals and industry people can exchange their ideas, findings and strategies in deepening the understanding of all Web's entities, phenomena, and developments in utilizing the power of human brains and man-made networks to create a better world and intelligent societies. More specifically, the fields of how artificial intelligence is impacting the Web of People, the Web of Data, the Web of Things, the Web of Trust, the Web of Agents, the Web in industry, society, health, and smart living, the Web of Everything, and emerging AIGC in WI-IAT.   
 Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology (WI-IAT) aims to achieve a multi-disciplinary balance between research advances in theories and methods usually associated with collective intelligence, data science, human-centric computing, knowledge management, network science, autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. It is committed to addressing research that both deepen the understanding of computational, logical, cognitive, physical, and social foundations of the future Web, and enable the development and application of intelligent technologies. WI-IAT'24 provides a premier forum and features high-quality, original research papers and real-world applications in all theoretical and technology areas that make up the field of Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology. WI-IAT'24 welcomes research, and application as well as Workshop and Special-Session proposals and papers. WI-IAT'24 in Bangkok (Thailand) is officially sponsored by IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Intelligent Informatics (TCII) and Web Intelligence Consortium (WIC).   
  Main Topics and Areas   
 WI-IAT '24 welcomes research and application paper submissions in these core thematic pillars under wider topics, which demand WI innovative and disruptive solutions for any of the next indicative sub-topics. Relevant topics include but are not limited to:   
 Track 1: Web of People 
 SPECIAL TRACK: Web in Industry, Society, Education, Health and Smart Living, and the Web of Everything 
 SPECIAL TRACK in WI-IAT 2024: FAccT, LLM and AIGC 
  Keynote Speakers   
  Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)   
 June 30, 2024: Workshop Proposal Submission 
 July 15, 2024: Workshop Proposal Acceptance Notification 
 August 15, 2024: Papers Submission (Main Conference) 
 September 15, 2024: Paper Acceptance Notification (Main Conference) 
 October 18, 2024: Paper Registration Deadline (Main Conference) 
 November 1, 2024: Camera-ready Submission Open (Main Conference) 
 December 9, 2024: Workshops and Special Sessions 
 December 10-12, 2024: Main Conference 
  Journal Opportunities   
 Publisher: Elsevier  
  Paper Submission and Publication   
  Sponsors   
 ©WI-IAT2024. All Rights Reserved | Design by WIC