  TCSN Seminar Series 
 The 19th International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Computing, Networking and Communications (WiMob 2023)  
 June 21 – 23, 2023  
  Montreal, Canada  
 Call for Papers  
 Please click here   to download the Call for Papers in PDF form  
  The WiMob conference is an International forum for the exchange of experience and knowledge among researchers and developers concerned with wireless and mobile technology. For eighteen years, the International WiMob conference has provided unique opportunities for researchers to interact, share new results, show live demonstrations, and discuss emerging directions in – Wireless Communication, – Wireless Networking, Mobility and Nomadicity, – Ubiquitous Computing, Services and Applications, – Green and sustainable communications and network computing and – Security on Wireless and mobile Networks.  
 WiMob 2023 will take place in Montreal, Canada, June 21 – 23, 2023.  
 WiMob 2023 is soliciting high quality technical papers addressing research challenges in the areas of wireless communications, wireless networking, mobility, nomadicity, ubiquitous computing, services and  
  applications. Papers should present original work validated via analysis, simulation or experimentation. Practical experiences and Testbed trials also are welcome.  
  Topics of Interest  
 WiMob 2023 will host FIVE parallel symposia, including but not limited to the following topics:  
 Wireless Communications (WC) | Broadband Wireless Communication Systems | Signal Separation and Interference Rejection | Wireless Personal Communications 
 Important Dates   
 Papers submissions: March 28, 2023 
  Notification of Acceptance: April 28, 2023 
  Camera Ready & Author Registration: May 19, 2023 
 Instructions for Paper Submission   
 Authors are required to submit fully formatted, original papers (PDF), with graphs, images, and other special areas arranged as intended for the final publication.  
 Papers should be written in English conforming to the IEEE standard conference format (two-column, 10 pt font, etc., including figures, tables, and references). The review submissions are limited to six pages, with two additional pages for final papers (additional charges may apply for additional pages).  
 Conference content will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore as well as other Abstracting and Indexing (A&I) databases.  
 Each accepted paper must be presented at the conference by one of the co-authors or a third party, otherwise it will not be indexed and archived through IEEE Xplore.  
 Only timely submissions through EDAS here  will be accepted.  
 For more details, please visit the WiMob’2023 official website and  Facebook page for WiMob  .  
 Accepted Papers   
 All accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings and presented for inclusion in IEEE Xplore Digital Library.   
 Home 
