  Home 
  WiOpt 2023 
 WiOpt 2023    
 WiOpt 2023    
 WiOpt 2023 will showcase state-of-the-art research contributions from different fields in networks. Paper registration and submission deadline: 31 March 2023   
 The 21st International Symposium on Modeling and Optimization in Mobile, Ad hoc, and Wireless Networks (WiOpt)  solicits high-quality contributions. The conference will take place at the Nanyang Technological University (NTU)  , which is in the west of the Garden City Singapore, encompassing the city’s beautiful neighbourhoods. Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD)  is the co-hosting university. WiOpt 2023 aims to bring together state-of-the-art research contributions from different fields in networks. It welcomes original and high-quality submissions related to modeling, performance evaluation and optimization of networks. We encourage both theoretical contributions and real world empirical measurements and experimental studies. The areas of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Modeling, model validation and performance analysis 
  Cross-layer design and optimization / control 
  Networks Integrated sensing and communication 
  Human-centric communication and networking for Metaverse 
  WiOpt 2023 will give one Best Paper Award and one Best Student Paper Award. A selected set of papers will be offered the opportunity for a Fast-Track submission of an extended version to IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking and IEEE Transactions on Network Science and Engineering.  
 WiOpt 2023 has the technical co-sponsorship of the IEEE Control Systems Society and of the IEEE Information Theory Society, and the support of IFIP. The copyright of published papers belongs to IFIP, which implements a free open access policy: authors effectively hold the copyright of their papers, and IFIP automatically grants authors permissions to reuse the material as they wish. The published papers will be available in the Digital Library of IFIP at no cost neither to authors nor to readers, and will also be included for publication in IEEE Xplore.  
 Important Dates   
 In-Person   
 Call For Papers Deadline   
 Mar 31, 2023   
 Event URL   
