  Call For Papers (Workshops) 
  Information For Authors 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  CONFERENCE | Program 
  Awards 
  TPC Members 
 Welcome to WiOpt 2023  
  Pictures on WiOpt'23 are avaiable here  .    
 * Welcome reception dinner on 24 August 2023 will begin at 7pm.   
 * Map instructions to workshop and main-program rooms are available here  .   
 Banquet updates on 23 August 2023    
 * The seating arrangement for the banquet dinner has been uploaded to the Social Events  webpage. Please be aware that access to the banquet dinner is limited to registered attendees who have submitted the necessary information. This requirement has been reiterated multiple times by the local arrangement chairs. The registration period for the social dinner has now concluded. We kindly ask for your cooperation in locating your designated seat in the figures as provided, which correspond to your chosen main-course preference.   
 WELCOME to the website of WiOpt 2023, the 21st International Symposium on Modeling and Optimization in Mobile, Ad hoc, and Wireless Networks. WiOpt 2023 will showcase state-of-the-art research contributions from different fields in networks. It welcomes original and high-quality submissions related to modeling, performance evaluation, and optimization of networks. The focus includes but is not limited to mobile networks, edge computing, intelligent networks, content-driven networks, cognitive networks, vehicular networks, robotic systems, Internet.  
 WiOpt 2023 will be hosted in Singapore, a modern island country known for its efficient policies and management in keeping up with advanced technology. This diamond-shaped island is the confluence of several major ethnic cultures in Asia, and simultaneously an international hub for residents and visitors from different corners of the world. The conference will take place at the NTU@one-north Executive Centre (can check the Venue  page for more details), which is near the central of Singapore, encompassing the city's beautiful neighbourhoods. Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) is the co-hosting university. Through its multi-disciplinary and research intensive curriculum, SUTD nurtures technically grounded leaders and innovators to serve societal needs.  
 WiOPT 2023 is grateful to the support of Key Laboratory of Cyber-Physical Fusion Intelligent Computing (South-Central Minzu University), State Ethnic Affairs Commission.  
  Important Dates    
 Best in early July, 2023 | Hotel Booking.  Please check the Venue  page for more details. 
 August 24-27, 2023 | Conference 
  Latest News    
 August 23, 2023 | Program  is finalized. 
 August 6, 2023 | Program  is online. 
 August 6, 2023 | Keynotes  are online. 
 July 9, 2023 | Accepted papers (main-program)  and Accepted papers (workshops)  are online. 
 June 22, 2023 | High-level schedule overview of the program  is online. Details will be announced by end July. 
 June 2, 2023 | Venue  information is online. 
 March 15, 2023 | Call for workshop papers  is online 
 December 21, 2022 | Call for papers  is online 
 December 21, 2022 | Website is up 
 TECHNICAL SPONSORS  
