 Proceedings of the 27th World Multi-Conference on   
 Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics: WMSCI 2023   
  FOREWORD   
  Our purpose in the 27 th  World Multi-Conference on Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (WMSCI 2023) is to provide, in these increasingly related areas, a multi-disciplinary forum, to foster interdisciplinary communication   among the participants, and to support the sharing process of diverse perspectives of the same transdisciplinary concepts and principles.  
  Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI) are being increasingly related to each other in almost every scientific discipline and human activity. Their common transdisciplinarity characterizes and communicates them, generating strong relations among them and with other disciplines. They work together to create a whole new way of thinking and practice. This phenomenon persuaded the Organizing Committee to structure WMSCI 2023 as a multi-conference where participants may focus on one area, or on one discipline, while allowing them the possibility of attending conferences from other areas or disciplines. This systemic approach stimulates cross-fertilization among different disciplines, inspiring scholars, originating new hypothesis, supporting production of innovations and generating analogies; which is, after all, one of the very basic principles of the systems’ movement and a fundamental aim in cybernetics.  
 Multi-disciplinary conferences are organized by the IIIS as support for both intra  -  and inter-disciplinary   communication. Processes of intra-disciplinary communication are mainly achieved via traditional paper presentations in corresponding disciplines, while conversational sessions, regarding trans- and inter-disciplinary topics, are among the means used for inter-disciplinary communication. Intra- and inter-disciplinary communications might generate co-regulative cybernetic loops  , via negative feedback, and synergic  relationships, via positive feedback loops, in which both kinds of communications could increase their respective effectiveness. Figure 1 shows at least two cybernetic loops if intra- and inter-disciplinary are adequately related. A necessary condition for the effectiveness of Inter-disciplinary communication is an adequate level of variety  regarding the participating disciplines. Analogical thinking and learning processes  of disciplinarians depend on it, which in turn are potential sources of the creative tension required for cross-fertilization among disciplines and the generations of new hypotheses. An extended presentation regarding this issue can be found at: www.iiis.org/MainPurpose |  
  In the specific case of Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI), the IIIS is an organization dedicated to contribute to the development of the Systems Approach, Cybernetics, and Informatics potential, using both: knowledge and experience, thinking and action, theory and practice, for:  
  The names and affiliation of both kinds of reviewers are listed in these proceedings. We extend our gratefulness to all of them. The scholarly quality of the authors and the reviewers is what define the quality of the conference and its respective proceedings. Consequently, our gratitude is to the members of the programs’ committees, both kinds of reviewers and the collaborating authors.  
  This information about WMSCI 2023 is summarized in the following table, along with the other collocated conferences:  
 Conference | # of submissions received | # of reviewers that made at least one review | # of reviews made | Average of reviews per reviewer | Average of reviews per submission | # of papers included in the proceedings | % of submissions included in the proceedings 
  All submissions were peer reviewed by the two-tier reviewing methodology of the International Institute of Informatics and Systemics (IIIS, www.iiis.org  ). As it might be noticed, from the table above, 4.02 reviews were made, in average, for each submission we received. After the conference is over, the names of the reviewers will be published on the IIIS web site along with the titles of the papers each reviewer reviewed. This means that what had been a double-blind review, up to the conference, is transformed to single-blind review, after the conference is over. In this way, each author would have information about the names of the reviewers of his/her submission, but not vice-versa. Likewise, each author would know how many reviewers reviewed his/her submission and relate it to the average, being informed in the above table, of 4.02 reviews per paper.  
  Our two-tier reviewing methodology meet two different objectives of peer-review: 1) to improve the paper via non-anonymous reviewers (non-blind reviews) and 2) to improve the acceptance/non-acceptance decision of the Organizing Committee via traditional anonymous reviewers (double-blind reviews) A recommendation to accept, made by non-anonymous reviews, is a necessary  condition, but it is not a sufficient  one. A submission, to be accepted, should also have a majority of its double-blind reviewers recommending its acceptance. These two necessary conditions generate a more reliable and rigorous  reviewing than any of those reviewing methods, based on just one of the indicated methods, or just on the traditional double-blind reviewing.  
  Our gratitude to Professors Bela H. Banathy, Stafford Beer, George Klir, Karl Pribram, Paul A. Jensen, and Gheorghe Benga who dignified our past WMSCI conferences by being their Honorary Presidents.  
  We would like also to extend our gratefulness to Professor Shigehiro Hashimoto for his yearly support in the last 23 years as well as for his editorial work for the journal; as well as to Professor Grandon Gill, Dr. Jeremy Horne, Professor Thomas Marlowe, Professor Matthew E. Edwards, Dr. Robert Cherinka, Eng. Joseph Prezzama, Dr. Fr. Joseph Laracy, and Dr. Russell Jay Hendel, for their continuous advice and support in the conferences they participated in, along the last 15 years; as well as in the conferences they were not able to participate in. Their advices and the kind of care they provided us with are highly valued and appreciated.  
  Many thanks to the members of the Organizing Committee and to those who chaired special tracks. We would also like to express our special gratefulness to Professor Thomas Marlowe. Professor T. Grandon Gill, Dr. Jeremy Horne, Professor Shigehiro Hashimoto, Dr. Russell Jay Hendel, Professor Michael Savoie, Professor Hsing-Wei Chu, Dr. Robert Cherinka, and Eng. Joseph Prezzama, for their generosity in providing support with their advices and for answering our inquiries, as well as for their spontaneous and timely alerts. Thank you so very much.  
  Our gratefulness is also extended to the organizations that provided scientific, academic, professional, or corporate co-sponsorships in this conference and/or previous ones. The following are among these organizations:  
  Special thanks to Dr. Jeremy Horne, Dr. Harvey Hyman, Dr. Robert Cherinka, Eng. Joseph Prezzama, and Ms. Molly Youngblood Geiger (Google Partners Community Ambassador) for their efforts in helping us with the identification of above shown co-sponsors.  
  Professor Nagib C. Callaos, Ph.D.  
  WMSCI 2023 General Chair  
  www.iiis.org/Nagib-Callaos    
 All rights reserved.  
  © 2023 International Institute  
  of Informatics and Systemics