29th Workshop on Logic, Language, Information and Computation  
  WoLLIC 2023   
 Halifax, Canada  
  July 11–14, 2023   
 WoLLIC  is an annual international forum on inter-disciplinary research involving formal logic, computing and programming theory and natural language and reasoning. Each meeting includes invited talks and tutorials as well as contributed papers.  
 The 29th WoLLIC was held at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, July 11–14  , 2023. WoLLIC 2023 was a hybrid event, with all invited speakers presenting on-site to facilitate meaningful interaction and discussions.  
 The conference was scientifically sponsored by the Association for Symbolic Logic (ASL)  , the Interest Group in Pure and Applied Logics (IGPL)  , the Association for Logic Language and Information (FoLLI)  , the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS)  , the European Association for Computer Science Logic (EACSL)  , and the Sociedade Brasileira de Lógica (SBL)  .  
 Contributions were invited on all pertinent subjects, with particular interest in cross-disciplinary topics. Typical but not exclusive areas of interest were: foundations of computing, programming and Artificial Intelligence (AI); novel computation models and paradigms; broad notions of proof and belief; proof mining, type theory, effective learnability and explainable AI; formal methods in software and hardware development; logical approach to natural language and reasoning; logics of programs actions and resources; foundational aspects of information organization, search, flow, sharing, and protection; foundations of mathematics; philosophical logic; philosophy of language.  
 The meeting is now over, but the information on this website will remain for future reference. Many speakers have made their slides available, which are linked in the program  . Speakers who have not yet sent their slides are encouraged to do so.  
 Important dates  
 March 6, 2023 | AoE | : abstract submission 
  March 13, 2023 | AoE | : full paper submission 
  April 11, 2023: Student travel grant application 
  May 15, 2023: notification of authors 
  May 25, 2023: deadline to book on-campus accommodations 
  May 25, 2023: early registration deadline 
  June 15, 2023: final version deadline (firm) 
  July 11–14, 2023: conference 
  Program  
 Click here for the Program  . There is also a handy schedule overview  on a single page.  
 There were talks by the following invited speakers. Click here for the abstracts  .  
 Thomas Bolander (Technical University of Denmark). | From dynamic epistemic logic to socially intelligent robots. | Slides 
  Makoto Kanazawa (Hosei University, Japan). | Learning context-free grammars from positive data and membership queries. | Paper | , | Slides 
  Michael Moortgat (Utrecht University, Netherlands). | Lambek calculus and its modal extensions. | Slides 
  Magdalena Ortiz (University of Umeå, Sweden). | A short introduction to SHACL for logicians. | Paper | , | Slides 
  Aybüke Özgün (University of Amsterdam, Netherlands). | Beliefs based on conflicting and uncertain evidence: connecting Dempster-Shafer theory and the topology of evidence. | Slides 
  Dusko Pavlovic (University of Hawaii, USA). | From incompleteness of static theories to completeness of dynamic beliefs, in people and in bots. | Paper | , | Slides 
  Richard Zach (University of Calgary, Canada). | The epsilon calculus in non-classical logics: recent results and open questions. | Slides 
  Special session: Movie screening "Journeys of Black Mathematicians"  
 In a special session at WoLLIC 2023, we showed clips from a documentary film that explores the groundbreaking achievements of African American mathematicians. "Journeys of Black Mathematicians" ( zalafilms.com  ) is a powerful film that traces the history of these pioneering individuals and their impact on mathematics. This film is not only a tribute to their achievements, but also an inspiration for Black and other minority students to pursue their studies and consider careers in mathematics.  
 The film is currently in production and its filmmaker George Csicsery, has agreed to show us excerpts from a rough cut of this film. He was also available via Zoom to hear feedback and answer questions.  
 Registration  
 The early registration deadline was May 25. The fees listed below are early / late.  
 Other things to do in Halifax  
 There were several other events in Halifax that overlapped with or were adjacent to WoLLIC:  
  The 10th North American Indigenous Games | , July 15–23. A major sports event involving more than 5,000 athletes. 
  Here are some videos with additional suggestions for what to do in Halifax:  
 For information on how to get to Halifax from the airport see the Airport Transportation Page   .  
 Paper submission  
 Note: paper submission is now closed. The following information is retained for reference.  
 Student support  
 Student participation is encouraged at WoLLIC. Students will pay a reduced registration fee.  
 In addition to the ASL travel grants, we are also able to offer a limited amount of support for travel and accommocations directly to some students. Students who have already applied for an ASL travel grant will be given priority. If you are interested in the additional support, please send a request to selinger@mathstat.dal.ca  by April 11  . Please also arrange for a letter of reference from your supervisor, or appropriate other person, to the same email address, explaining whether the student has access to funding from local sources and how much.  
 Proceedings  
 You can access the proceedings here. When using the following link, access to the proceedings will be free for a limited period of time.  
 Logic Language, Information, and Computation   
 In addition, abstracts will be published in the Conference Report section of the Logic Journal of the IGPL, and selected contributions will be published (after a new round of reviewing) as a special post-conference WoLLIC 2023  issue of a scientific journal (TBA).  
 Committees  
  Dalhousie University 
  Contact  
 WoLLIC 2023 is organized by the Department of Mathematics and Statistics of Dalhousie University, and by the Centro de Informática, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco Brazil.  
 For questions related to submissions and the scientific program, please email one of the PC co-chairs: Helle Hvid Hansen  or Andre Scedrov  . For questions about the local organisation please email Peter Selinger  or Julien Ross  . For general questions about the WoLLIC conference series, please email Ruy de Queiroz  .  
  Dates:  
 Mar 6: | abstract submission 
  Mar 13: | full paper submission 
  Apr 11: | student travel grants 
  May 15: | author notification 
  May 25: | early registration 
  May 25: | room booking 
  Jun 15: | final version 
  Jul 11–14: | conference 
 Links:  
  Sponsors:  
 Last updated: July 10, 2023  by Peter Selinger  .