  Second warning sign: the conference lists 21 different tracks  that span the gamut of CS research areas from Bioinformatics & Computational Biology (BIOCOMP) and e-Learning, e-Business, Enterprise Information Systems, & e-Government (EEE) to Foundations of Computer Science (FCS) and Grid, Cloud, & Cluster Computing (GCC). It doesn't have a concentration. 
  Third warning sign: it advertises as "IEEE CPS" upfront likely to feign credibility. The fact is that doesn't mean it is sponsored by IEEE  . CPS is IEEE's "Conference Publication Services" where they index papers published by other conferences for a fee  . 
  Forth warning sign: "Professor Hamid R. Arabnia" is the chair. From what I can find, he's actually retired. If you're unfamiliar with him, he has gained a notorious reputation for running fraudulent conferences with these same red flags. He used to run WORLDCOMP which got roasted in this subreddit 11 years ago  and a sock puppet account even replied in that thread to defend it with a copy-and-paste post it had in another one of its four total posts -- all alleging a conspiracy to defame him  . Alarms were also raised 5 years ago when he rebranded it as "CSCI"  . In fact, the old WORLDCOMP website world-academy-of-science.org  currently redirects to the latest renaming of the conference, "CSCE" at american-cse.org  . 
  Allegations about these conferences (including on the previous reddit threads as well as elsewhere  ) are that there is no real peer review happening and it is a predatory conference that just accepts anything and cashes in on registration fees. Many legitimate researchers have complained that they were duped by the conference and when they attended it (always in Las Vegas, as far as I can tell), there were some real research presentations but it was obvious that there was no meaningful peer review being conducted to assure that the research was sound.  
 update  - after filtering "@american-cse.org" as spam, I'm now getting daily emails for the same CFP from "@world-comp.org" addresses.  
   Top Posts  
  Reddit | reReddit: Top posts of March 5, 2023 
  Reddit | reReddit: Top posts of March 2023 
  Reddit | reReddit: Top posts of 2023 
 &nbsp; 
