  TCSN Seminar Series 
 JUNE 12-15 2023  
  Boston, Massachusetts  
 SCOPE AND OVERVIEW  
 IEEE WoWMoM 2023 is soliciting original and previously unpublished papers addressing research challenges and advances in the areas of wireless, mobile, and multimedia networking as well as ubiquitous and pervasive systems and applications. Wireless networking technologies are continuously evolving and have become a critical part of modern life, be it for communication services, media distribution, or sensing and actuation services within the Internet of Things (IoT) context. Appropriate resource management, application design, and architectural networking paradigms are necessary to provide users with high quality experience in multimedia communication and services. Edge computing, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) techniques are becoming essential tools to cope with the increasing diversity of connected devices and the plethora of new data-intensive and latency-sensitive applications. At the same time, the interoperability among IoT environments (including wearable computing and sensors), the network edge, and the cloud are evolving towards an fog-edge-cloud continuum that is expected to support a wide range of application domains and services in a more smooth and efficient manner. In this context, providing rich sets of measurements for characterizing, and understanding the behavior of such complex systems is of paramount importance.  
 IEEE WoWMoM 2023 takes a broad view and seeks papers describing innovative research contributions to the field of mobile and wireless networking and applications. We solicit papers that present original work, validated by experimentation, simulation, or analysis. We also welcome practical experiences and experimental efforts from both industry and academia, duly documenting the lessons learned from testbeds, field trials, or real deployments.  
 SPECIFIC AREAS OF INTEREST  
 5G/ 6G networks for mobile and multimedia services 
  Participatory, mobile, and urban sensing 
  Wearable Computing 
  PAPER SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION  
 Authors are invited to submit papers describing original, previously unpublished work not currently under review by another conference, workshop, or journal.  
 Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process, and all submissions must be made electronically through EDAS. Click here  to register your paper now!  
 Authors can submit regular or work-in-progress papers (appropriate category to be selected upon submission).  
 REGULAR PAPERS  
 Regular papers submissions may be up to 10 pages in length (including figures and references), formatted in two-column IEEE conference style with font size 10 points or greater. See IEEE Manuscript Templates for Conference Proceedings.   
 WORK IN PROGRESS PAPERS  
 WIP (Work-in-progress) papers provide a peer-reviewed forum for late-breaking or preliminary research results, giving an opportunity for researchers and practitioners to present and demonstrate their recent research and obtain feedback from their peers in a poster session. Work-in-progress papers submissions may be up to 4 pages in length (including figures and references) and must have the prefix “WIP:” in the paper’s title.  
 IMPORTANT DATES:  
 Papers due: December 15, 2022Acceptance notification: February 20, 2023Camera-ready version due: April 15, 2023  
 ACCEPTED PAPERS  
 An author of an accepted paper is required to register for the conference at the full (member or non-member) rate. The paper must be presented by an author of that paper at the conference. Exceptions can be granted if compelling reasons are sent to the TPC Co-Chairs with a written request indicating an adequate substitute presenter before the conference. Accepted papers (both regular and WIP) will be included in the proceedings of IEEE WoWMoM 2023 which will be published through the IEEE Xplore digital library.  
 All conference proceedings must meet IEEE’s quality standards, and IEEE reserves the right not to publish any proceedings that do not meet these standards. Furthermore, IEEE reserves the right to remove papers from IEEE Xplore that are not presented at the conference, for unjustified reasons.  
 BEST PAPER AWARD  
 All accepted regular papers will be considered for the Best Paper Award. A committee will select three best paper candidates based on the reviews received and also the quality of presentation. The winner will be announced during the conference. For any additional information, please contact the PC Co-chairs.  
 PC CO-CHAIRS  
 Eylem Ekici (The Ohio State University, USA ) 
