  Journal of WSCG and recent proceedings   
  Recent Keynote speakers    
 Have a look at  
  Other agreements pending        
 Submissions:    
 Read the Author's instructions 
  Important dates - see below 
 NEWS INFO    
  IPC members and Board of Reviewers - please, see CSRN and Journal of WSCG from last year  
  in the digital repository - the lists are finalized after the conference. 
 Physical attendance is preferred. 
  Online presentation is possible, especially   for participants from distant countries   
  [Asia, Africa, Australia, South America] - online paper presentation is mandatory. 
  Opportunity to organize symposia and workshops on the site and via video-conferencing. 
  Accepted and presented papers with individual DOI will be published in:   
  Help us as a WSCG REVIEWER  (PhD REQUIRED or research record)    
  AND  send an email to WSCGconf@gmail.com with the subject: "WSCG reviewer" and include in the message  
  (use ";" as a separator - ALL in one line )  
  First (Given) name;Last (Family) name;email address;ORCID; Research ID  [Web of Science/ISI];Scopus Author ID;URL of your research WEB page  
  >> ORCID list of publications MUST be open to the public  (conf. office evaluates it). 
  How to prepare a review    
 Read How to get  your paper accepted  and the Instructions for Authors page. 
  no e-mail paper submission will be accepted. 
  Anonymous and affiliated FULL paper versions (no extended abstract)  
  with the | Copyright Transfer Form (CTF)  
  It MUST be submitted before the submission date. 
  "Pay to publish" strategy submission is NOT acceptable  ; the not-presented paper will not be published. 
  All co-authors MUST be registered with the WSCG submission server with a VALID email  . 
  At least one author has to present the paper online at the conference.  
  Journal of WSCG and Computer Science Research Notes [CSRN]  
  will be produced AFTER the conference  . 
  Important Dates     
  via e-mail to WSCGconf@gmail.com subj."WSCG workshop - proposed name" 
 Submissions via server ONLY   
 Submissions via server ONLY  
  Paper submission (formatted full text)  
 Accepted and presented full, communication, short papers and posters will be published in the  
  Computer Science Research Notes {CSRN] and in Journal of WSCG proceedings with ISSN in an electronic form  
  All papers will receive individual DOI.   
 The best-selected papers  will be published in the regular Journal of WSCG    
 Publications     
  Workshops and Special Sessions    
 Session: Research Activities and Research Funding     
 The session aims to put together people interested in common research activities leading to the submission of grant proposals to the European Union and NSF (US) or other granting bodies. It would be reasonable to know where to apply and what project profile would suit, including a suggestion of the submitting (main leader) institution.    
  Propose your workshop / special session   
 Send proposal to: WSCGconf@gmail.com Subj. WSCG workshop    
  Organizers (together) can have up to 3 papers within the workshop or 2 papers within the session submissions, but the IPC might require their independent evaluation.   
 The workshop/session organizer is responsible for collecting papers and papers reviewing and accepting decisions. The IPC will have the right to decide whether to accept the final version of the publication. The minimum number of presented papers in a session is 5, for a workshop, the minimum number of presented papers is 8 up to 10.   
 Travelling Instructions   
  (to be updated) | How to get  your paper accepted | IPC members&Board of Reviewers  
  (After the reviewing period) 
 Check the correctness of your @mail  
  Univ. of West Bohemia 
 Acceptance ratio    
 Papers   
  desktop reject | Full papers   
  includes   
  J WSCG | Short papers | Posters 
 WSCG Accommodation Booking - recommended  
  to be updated    
 Primavera Hotel & Congress Centre (venue place)  
 Send email request to: info@primaverahotel.cz | and USE in the subject WSCG Booking !! IMPORTANT 
  Special offer for WSCG 2024 attendees      
 Single Standard: 
  Single Superior: 
 CONFERENCE DINNER   
   (not included in the conference fee). 
  Dinner tickets are available at the registration at a "symbolic" donated price  of approx. 10-15 EUR,  
  accompanying person 15-20 EUR.  
  REPOSITORY     
 All WSCG proceedings are available via  
  WSCG 2024    
  Computer Graphics, Visualization and Computer Vision 2024   
  University of West Bohemia, IFIP TC5 WG 5.10 and NVIDIA (Czech Rep.)    
 Venue  
  Pilsen  (close to Prague), Czech Republic, June 3-6, 2024  (expected)  
      Primavera Hotel & Congress Center  , Pilsen (Plzen), Czech Republic      
 Conference C  hair   
  University of Calgary, Canada      
 WSCG 2023 video -  
  wscg.zcu.cz/wscg2023/Records/wscg2023.MOV  - download and play   
  WSCG 2023    
 31. International Conference in Central Europe on  
  Computer Graphics, Visualization and Computer Vision 2023   
 Greetings of WSCG 2023 attendee - video   
  wscg.zcu.cz/wscg2023/Records/wscg2023.MOV   
   (copy the address to your browser)    
 Venue  
  Pilsen  (close to Prague), Czech Republic, May 15-19, 2023  
      Primavera Congress Center, Pilsen (Plzen), Czech Republic      
 Conference C  hair   
   Werner Benger: Illustrating Geometric Algebra and Differential Geometry in 5D Color Space   
   AirborneHydroMapping GmbH  , Austria, Louisiana State University, USA   
  WSCG 2022    
 30. International Conference in Central Europe on  
  Computer Graphics, Visualization and Computer Vision 2022   
 Due to CoVid situation the event was held using video-conferencing   
 Conference C  hair   
  Vaclav Skala  , University of West Bohemia, Plzen, Czech Republic   
   Papers published in the Journal of WSCG and in the Computer Science Research Notes (CSRN) are available via WSCG Digital repository:    
 29. International Conference in Central Europe on  
 Due to CoVid situation the event was held using video-conferencing   
 Conference C  hair   
  Vaclav Skala  , University of West Bohemia, Plzen, Czech Republic   
 Conference papers [PDF]    
   Papers published in the Journal of WSCG and in the Computer Science Research Notes (CSRN) are available via WSCG Digital repository:    
 28. International Conference in Central Europe on  
 Due to CoVid situation the event was held using video-conferencing   
 Conference C  hair   
  Vaclav Skala  , University of West Bohemia, Plzen, Czech Republic   
 Conference schedule with presentations and papers [PDF]    
  Papers published in the Journal of WSCG and in the Computer Science Research Notes (CSRN) are available via WSCG Digital repository:    
 27. International Conference in Central Europe on  
 Conference C  hair   
 Papers published in the Journal of WSCG and in the Computer Science Research Notes (CSRN) are available via WSCG Digital repository:    
 26. International Conference in Central Europe on  
 Conference C  hair   
 Conference Session Chairs  
    Francisco Feito, Alexandar Rikalovic, Alexandre Benoit, Jonathan Metzgar, Pavel Vlasanek, Tapio Takala, Markus Friedrich, Alvin Jude, Joel Ilao, Michal Smolik, Vaclav Skala, Faramaz Samavati, Sidonia Lefkovits, Anders Hast    
 Papers published in the Journal of WSCG and in the Computer Science Research Notes (CSRN) are available via WSCG Digital repository:    
 25. International Conference in Central Europe on  
 Conference Co-C  hairs   
 Papers published in the Journal of WSCG and in the Computer Science Research Notes (CSRN) are available via WSCG Digital repository:    
 24. International Conference in Central Europe on  
    Zhigeng Pan  , Hangzhou Normal University, Hangzhou, China  
   Vaclav Skala  , University of West Bohemia, Plzen, Czech Republic    
 Acceptance ratio  
   22. International Conference in Central Europe on Computer Graphics, Visualization and Computer Vision     
 K  eynote speakers    
 Manuel M.Oliveira  : Performing High-Dimensional Filtering in  Low-Dimensional Spaces  , Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, Brazil   
