  Knowledge Graph Day 
  Entrepreneur Day 
  Satellite Events | W4A | W4A 2023 
  W4A 2023 Call for Paper 
  Web Sci2023 
  Provenance Week 
 Many of these have transcended the limitations of their original ecosystems in isolation, becoming creative works in ways that would have been impossible without the Web as a collaboration, cooperation, and publication platform. More and more often, we see the Web as a facilitator of creative work not just between collaborating humans, but also between humans and machines.  
 Much attention has been given to the information content of the Web. This track investigates the creative aspects of this content on the Web. The track consists of two strands: a research strand and (focusing on the scientific study of Web creativity systems) an art works strand (focusing on the creative output of such systems). Through the submissions and session at the conference we hope to gain more insights into the following:  
 What is creativity on the Web? 
  In what forms does creativity on the Web manifest? 
 We invite two types of contributions:  
 For the research strand, we invite original papers that describe original and unpublished research work. Research strand contributions should be between 4 and 8 content pages, including all figures and tables, but exclude supplementary material and references; 
  For the art strand, we invite 2-page extended abstracts that describe art projects that use the Web either as a source, publication method or reflect on the Web. We encourage contributors to reflect on the connection between their art work and the central questions and/or topics of the track. Submissions to the art strand must include a presentation format section with a description of how their contribution can be accessed or experienced (e.g. a live concert, a video recording, a printed painting, etc.), and the author’s plans for showing their work in the track exhibition space. 
 Review procedure  
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed and evaluated on the basis of originality, relevance, quality, and technical, sociological, or creative contribution. Research papers will be reviewed according to their relevance, method, and scientific rigour. Art abstracts will be reviewed according to their significance, originality and use of Web creativity.  
 Please carefully verify that when submitting your contribution, that it is related to creativity and the Web. Ensure the connection to a topic or topics within the track is evident on the first page of your paper. This is important because your paper will be assessed early on regarding its relevance to the conference and its relevance to the track-specific CFP of the track that you submitted to, and will be rejected with minimal feedback (“desk rejected”) if it does not fit that track.  
 Formatting the submissions  
 Publication policy  
 Accepted papers will require a further revision in order to meet the requirements and page limits of the camera-ready format required by ACM. Instructions for the preparation of the camera-ready versions of the papers will be provided after acceptance.  
  All accepted papers will be published by ACM in the conference proceedings together with the research track papers and will be available via the ACM Digital Library. To be included in the proceedings, at least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper there.  
 Important dates  
 Full paper: 6 February 2023 
  Acceptance notification: 6 March 2023 
  Camera-ready version: 20 March 2023 
  All submission deadlines are end-of-day in the Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone  
  The Web Conference @ Austin  
 The Web Conference 2023 is organized by the School of Information at The University of Texas at Austin