  Knowledge Graph Day 
  Entrepreneur Day 
  Satellite Events | W4A | W4A 2023 
  W4A 2023 Call for Paper 
  Web Sci2023 
  Provenance Week 
  All submissions will be peer-reviewed and evaluated on the basis of originality, relevance, quality, and technical, sociological, or historical contribution.  
 This year a major theme of the track will be the history and development of Web browsers but all submissions are welcome.  
 Submission guidelines  
 For this special track, submissions length must be between 4 and 8 content pages. These content pages should include all figures and tables, but exclude supplementary material and references. In addition, two (2) additional pages of supplementary materials may be included.  
 The total number of pages with supplementary material and references must not exceed 12 pages. The papers must be formatted according to the instructions below. Submissions are NOT anonymous.  
 Submissions for review must be in PDF format. They must be self-contained and written in English. Authors are requested to use spell checking and grammar checking tools. Submissions will be subjected to plagiarism-checking software.  
 Publication policy  
 Accepted papers will require a further revision in order to meet the requirements and page limits of the camera-ready format required by ACM. Instructions for the preparation of the camera-ready versions of the papers will be provided after acceptance.  
 All accepted papers will be published by ACM in the Companion(Document) together with the research track papers and will be available via the ACM Digital Library. To be included in the proceedings, at least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper there.  
 Important dates  
 Abstract: November 7, 2022 
  Full paper: November 14, 2022 
  Acceptance notification: January 31, 2023 
  No rebuttal is foreseen.  
 All submission deadlines are end-of-day in the Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone.  
  The Web Conference @ Austin  
 The Web Conference 2023 is organized by the School of Information at The University of Texas at Austin