  Hotels 
 Registration is now open for XP 2023, the 24th International Conference on Agile Software Development   
 June 13-16, 2023 • Amsterdam, The Netherlands   
 XP is the premier Agile software development conference combining research and practice. It is a unique forum where Agile researchers, practitioners, thought leaders, coaches, and trainers gather to present and discuss their most recent innovations and research results.  
 At its inception over 20 years ago, the XP conference focused solely on eXtreme Programming. It quickly widened its scope to include all modern Agile approaches and Agility’s developing aspects. XP draws people from around the globe, providing a diverse and inclusive environment for learning and inspiring conversations.  
 The theme for XP 2023 is “Whole Team Sustainability”  
 The theme for XP2023 is “Whole Team Sustainability,” a multi-faceted theme centering on the need to band together to solve the complex challenges of our time. Agile has long focused on the ability to truly work as a whole team, bringing all our different skills and viewpoints to bear on our common purpose: strong engineering skills working hand-in-hand with top-level product vision, supported and sustained by modern management and a focus on resilience over efficiency.   
 The worldwide necessity to take action for our environment makes the need for that philosophy in more aspects of our society starkly clear.  
 An in-person conference in the heart of Amsterdam!  
 For the first time in its long history, XP 2023 will be in The Netherlands, at “Pakhuis De Zwijger” right in the middle of Amsterdam. In the center of the city, on the waterfront, there’s no better place to get together with colleagues from across the world and no better base from which to explore Amsterdam.  
 XP 2023 Program Components   
 Research Workshops   
 Interactive Track (with Engineering!)   
 Next to our planned content programming, XP 2023 will have a full, guided, interactive track aimed at bringing participants together, facilitate networking and shared learning, and making room for everyone to be fully engaged. We will also have a unique Engineering Interactive Track, where we can practice what we preach and build software together throughout the conference in a continuous, ensemble programming, session.  
 Industry & Practice   
 Workshops, demonstrations, and presentations based on the speaker’s experience and practice working in the industry. The theme for these session reflects that of the conference: “Whole Team Sustainability” with main topics around Leadership and Culture, Engineering, Product and Design, Process Innovation, Agile in Education and Training, and Sustainability  
 Open Access Publication   
 All peer-reviewed academic research presented at the conference will be available on the website as an open access Springer publication. We believe that research is useful to practitioners and should be shared widely, not hidden behind a paywall. There will be two publications, one before and one after the conference, containing research papers and workshop papers.  
 Register Now     
 Email registration@agilealliance.org    with requests.   
 No-shows are liable for the entire conference fee.   
 Agile Alliance reserves the right to cancel the event or substitute speakers. In the unlikely event that Agile Alliance should have to cancel the Agile2023 conference, attendees will be refunded for the amount paid for the conference.    
 ©2023 Agile Alliance