1. ICPP_3 conference:
Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  People 
  Departments 
  Research 
  About 
  Login 

 Search       

 ICPP 2023: 52nd International Conference on Parallel Processing Conference     

  Scholarly Activity 
      
 Scholarly Activity  
 related documents  
 Parallel Order-Based Core Maintenance in Dynamic Graphs | Conferences 

 McMaster Experts is powered by VIVO    
   
 About 
  Capability Map 
  Contact Us 
  Index 
  Login 
  Terms of Use

2. RANLP_2 conference:
Skip to content     

 Main Menu            

 Home 
  First Call for Shared Task 
  Submissions 
  Sponsors 
  RANLP History 
  Contacts 

 SPONSORS   

 Home  
  
 Chairs:   
 Programme Committee Chair: Prof Dr Ruslan Mitkov   ( Lancaster University, UK  )  
  Organising Committee Chair: Prof Dr Galia Angelova   ( IICT, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, BG  )  
  Organisers  :  
  
 Lancaster University, UK   
  University of Alicante, Spain   
  Institute of Information and Communication Technologies, BAS, Bulgaria   
  Bulgarian Association for Computational Linguistics  , Bulgaria   
  RANLP 2025   
 RECENT ADVANCES IN NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING   
 Varna, Bulgaria   
 Summer School ‘Deep Learning and Large Language Models for NLP’: 3-5 September 2025  (Wednesday-Friday)  
 Tutorials: 6-7 September 2025  (Saturday-Sunday)  
 Main Conference:  8-10  September 2025  (Monday-Wednesday)  
 Workshops and shared tasks:  11-12  September 2025  (Thursday-Friday)  
 RANLP (Recent Advances in Natural Language Processing)  is one of the most influential and competitive NLP conferences. The event is held biennially and grew out of the International Summer schools “Contemporary topics in Computational Linguistics” which were organised for many years as international training events. Previous RANLP conferences (1995, 1997, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2015, 2017, 2019, 2021 and 2023) featured keynote talks by leading experts in NLP as well as presentations/papers of high quality, rigorously reviewed by a Programme Committee of well-known researchers. After 2009, the papers accepted at RANLP and the associated workshops have been included in the ACL Anthology. The RANLP proceedings are indexed by SCOPUS and DBLP. The Proceedings has its own Scopus SJR, in 2023 it is 0,299. The conference will be preceded by a Summer School on Deep Learning and Large Language Models in NLP as well as 4-6 tutorials on current topics of particular interest and cutting edge technologies. RANLP 2025 will be followed by selected workshops on specialised NLP topics as well as shared tasks. A Student Research Workshop will be held in parallel with the main conference. The Student Research Workshops (now 9 th  edition) have become active discussion fora for young researchers.  
  Expected conference submission deadline: end of April/beginning of May 2025  (please regularly check http://ranlp.org/ranlp2025/   for updated information)  
 Call for shared tasks proposals: September 2024   
 Call for workshop proposals: December 2024   
 Venue:  RANLP 2025 will be held in Cherno More Hotel  , Varna, Bulgaria. The event venue offers excellent conference facilities. The International airport of Varna  conveniently connects Varna to major airports in Central Europe, Sofia, Istanbul and many others.  
  The team behind RANLP 2025  :  
 Galia Angelova, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria (OC Chair)  
 Ruslan Mitkov, University of Lancaster, UK (PC Chair)  
 Maria Kunilovskaya, Saarland University, Germany (Publication Chair)  
 Preslav Nakov, MBZUAI, Abu Dhabi, UAE  
 Nikolai Nikolov, Bulgarian Association for Computational Linguistics, Bulgaria  
 Ivelina Nikolova, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria  
 Kiril Simov, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria (Workshops Co-Chair)  
 Petya Osenova, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria (Workshops Co-Chair)  
 Tharindu Ranasinghe, Lancaster University, UK (Shared tasks Co-Chair)  
 Saad Ezzini, Lancaster University, UK (Sponsorship Chair and Shared tasks Co-Chair)  
  RANLP SJR Rank  :  
 The RANLP Proceedings are indexed by Scopus. The SJR-rank can be checked here  .  

    Scroll to Top

3. Ada-Europe_0 conference:
Home 
  Ada Advantages 
  Learn Ada 
  Resources 
  ARA Community 

 Site Map  | Contact Us    
 Ada Resource Association   
 News and resource for the Ada programming language  

 Event    
 Ada-Europe 2023   
 Lisbon, Portugal Jun 13-16, 2023     
 The 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) will take place in Lisbon, Portugal. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development, and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. Participants include practitioners and researchers from industry, academia, and government organizations active in the promotion and development of reliable software technologies. Share and Enjoy:    

 More Info     
   
 Press 
  Articles 
  Events 
  ARA Sponsor Spotlight  
  View All Sponsors     

 Ada Advantages   
 Ada 2022 
  Ada Overview 
  More Topics of Interest 
  Features & Benefits 
  Ada Comparison Chart 
  Ada 2012 
  Ada 2005 
  SPARK Ada 
  Ada and Multicore 
  Case Studies 
  Ada Projects 
    
 Ada Projects   
  
 Learn Ada   
 Learning Materials 
  Professional Training 
  Ada in Academia 
    
 Resources   
 Ada Standards 
  Free Tools & Libraries 
  Professional Tools and Services 
  Associations 
  Ada on the Web 
    
 ARA Community   
 Compilers and Conformity 
  Join the ARA 
  ARA Press Releases 

 Copyright © 2009-2024 Ada Resource Association Site Map  | Contact Us

4. RANLP_3 conference:
Skip to content     

 Main Menu            

 Home 
  First Call for Shared Task 
  Submissions 
  Sponsors 
  RANLP History 
  Contacts 

 SPONSORS   

 Sponsors  

 Mind Bridge AI  is a pioneering consultancy and technology firm at the forefront of the computer science domain. With a steadfast commitment to innovation, we specialise in providing cutting-edge solutions and expert guidance to businesses navigating the complexities of the digital landscape. Our team of seasoned professionals combines extensive industry experience with a passion for pushing the boundaries of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies.  
 Committed to driving excellence, Mind Bridge AI offers tailored consultancy services, empowering organisations to harness the full potential of AI-driven solutions for enhanced efficiency, productivity, and competitive advantage. Leveraging a multidisciplinary approach, we collaborate closely with clients to understand their unique needs and deliver bespoke strategies that align with their business objectives.  
 With a global presence and a proven track record of success, Mind Bridge AI is your trusted partner for navigating the complexities of the digital age. Get in touch with us today to discover how we can empower your organisation to thrive in an increasingly AI-driven world.  

    Scroll to Top

5. Ada-Europe_1 conference:
Conference announcements   
    
  Ada 2022 Language Reference Manual to be Published by Springer -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: Ada 2022 Language Reference Manual to be Published by Springer Date: Wed, 14 Jun 2023 06:49:45 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: New milestone in Ada programming language evolution Keywords: Ada,2022,programming,language,standard,update,evolution ----------------------------------------------------------------------- FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Ada 2022 Language Reference Manual to be Published by Springer ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Lisbon, Portugal, June 14, 2023 - Ada-Europe today announced, at its 27th International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023), that the Ada 2022 Language Reference Manual (LRM) will be published by Springer in its LNCS series later this year. Ada 2022 is the latest edition of the Ada programming language standard, technically denominated ISO/IEC 8652:2023, which was formally approved and officially published by ISO, the Geneva-based International Organization for Standardization, on May 2, 2023. The Ada 2022 LRM is available online: www.ada-auth.org/standards/ada22.html.  An overview of Ada 2022 is at: www.ada-auth.org/standards/overview22.html.  To mark this official milestone, and in continuation of its established practice, Ada-Europe undertook to support the production of the new LRM as a dedicated issue of the Springer-published LNCS series. About Ada-Europe Ada-Europe is the international non-profit organization that promotes the knowledge and use of the Ada programming language in academia research and industry. Its flagship event is the annual International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies, a high-quality technical and scientific event that has been successfully running in the current format for the last 27 years. Ada-Europe has member organizations in Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Spain, and Switzerland, as well as individual members in many other countries. For information about Ada-Europe, its charter, activities and sponsors, please visit: www.ada-europe.org.  Ada-Europe is headquartered in Brussels, Belgium. A PDF version of this press release is available at www.ada-europe.org.  Organization Contacts Ada-Europe Tullio Vardanega, Ada-Europe President president@ada-europe.org Press Contacts Ada-Europe Dirk Craeynest, Ada-Europe Vice-president c/o KU Leuven, Department of Computer Science dirk.craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be ----------------------------------------------------------------------- (VAda2022.1)    
 Final Call for Participation -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: Press Release - AEiC 2023, Ada-Europe Reliable Softw. Technol. Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2023 10:56:57 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: Interested in Ada or reliable software? Meet us in Lisbon! Keywords: Conference,academia,industry,reliable,secure,IT,Ada,Lisbon ----------------------------------------------------------------------- FINAL Call for Participation *** UPDATED Program Summary *** 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) 13-16 June 2023, Lisbon, Portugal www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  Organized by Ada-Europe in cooperation with ACM SIGAda, SIGBED, SIGPLAN the Ada Resource Association (ARA), and the University of Lisbon #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  *** Final Program available on the conference web site *** *** Add tutorials and/or a workshop to your conference registration *** www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/tutorials.html  *** Welcome Event on Tuesday evening *** ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Press release: 27th Ada-Europe Int'l Conference on Reliable Software Technologies International experts meet in Lisbon Lisbon, Portugal (9 June 2023) - Ada-Europe together with the University of Lisbon organizes from 13 to 16 June 2023 the 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023), in cooperation with the Ada Resource Association (ARA), and with ACM's Special Interest Groups on Ada (SIGAda), on Embedded Systems (SIGBED) and on Programming Languages (SIGPLAN). The Ada-Europe series of conferences is an established international forum for providers, practitioners and researchers in reliable software technologies. These events highlight the increased relevance of Ada in general and in safety- and security-critical systems in particular, and provide a unique opportunity for interaction and collaboration between academics and industrial practitioners. This year's conference offers 4 tutorials, a keynote and a panel discussion, a technical program of 6 sessions with peer-reviewed papers, industrial and work-in-progress presentations, posters social events, and 2 workshops. Presentations are given by authors from 15 countries. Six tutorials are scheduled on Tuesday, targeting different audiences: - "The HAC Ada Compiler", - "Controlling I/O Devices with Ada and the Linux Simple I/O Library", - "Everything you Always Wanted to Know about Characters and Strings", - "Introduction to the Development of Safety Critical Software", - "Rust Fundamentals", - "Concurrency and Parallelism in Rust". On Wednesday and Thursday, the networking area features WiP posters as well as an Ada-Europe booth. Eminent speakers have been invited on each of the core conference days: - on Wednesday, a keynote talk by Alcides Fonseca, from LASIGE University of Lisbon Faculty of Sciences, who will talk about "Applications of liquid types for more reliable software"; - on Thursday, a panel on "Promises and Challenges of AI-enabled Software Development Tools for Safety-Critical Applications" with Douglas Schmidt (Vanderbilt University, USA), Jochen Quante (Robert Bosch GmbH, Germany), and Jon Pérez Cerrolaza (IKERLAN, Spain). The technical program on Wednesday and Thursday includes 6 journal-track refereed technical papers, 7 industrial, and 15 work-in-progress presentations, in sessions on: Verification and Validation 1, Advanced Systems, Reliability and Performance Verification and Validation 2, Reliable Programming, Real-Time Systems. On Friday the conference hosts for the 8th year the workshop on "Challenges and New Approaches for Dependable and Cyber-Physical Systems Engineering" (DeCPS 2023), as well as the workshop "AADL by its Practitioners (ADEPT)". Peer-reviewed papers have been submitted to a special issue of the Journal of Systems Architecture and are heading towards final acceptance as open-access publications. Industrial and work-in-progress presentations, together with tutorial abstracts and workshop papers, will appear in issues of the Ada User Journal the quarterly magazine of Ada-Europe. The social program includes on Tuesday evening a Welcome Reception in the gardens of the National Museum of Science & Natural History, and on Wednesday evening the Conference Banquet in the "Casa do Alentejo" restaurant, an old palace in downtown Lisbon with several exquisite rooms, that served as a casino in the 20th century. The Best Presentation Award will be offered during the Closing session. The full program is available on the conference web site. Online registration is still possible. ------- Latest updates: The 16-page "Final Program" is available at www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/media/AEiC_2023_Final_Program.pdf  Check out the tutorials in the PDF program, or in the schedule at www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/tutorials.html.  Registration is done on-line. For all details, go to www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/registration.html.  A printed Conference Booklet with abstracts of all technical papers and industrial presentations will be included in every conference handout, and will be available on the conference web site. AEiC 2023 is sponsored by Ada-Europe ( www.ada-europe.org  ), AdaCore ( www.adacore.com  ), and GMV ( www.gmv.com  ). Help promote the conference by advertising it. Recommended Twitter hashtags: #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  . ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement. Please circulate widely. Dirk Craeynest, AEiC 2023 Publicity Chair Dirk.Craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be * 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) * June 13-16, 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  (V7.1)    
 Early Registration Deadline Approaching -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: Ada-Europe - AEiC 2023 early registration deadline approaching Date: Sun, 21 May 2023 10:11:21 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: Early registration discount until May 22! Keywords: Conference,academia,industry,reliable,secure,IT,Ada,Lisbon ----------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATED Call for Participation *** Early registration DEADLINE May 22 *** 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) 13-16 June 2023, Lisbon, Portugal www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  Organized by Ada-Europe in cooperation with ACM SIGAda, SIGPLAN, SIGBED the Ada Resource Association (ARA), and the University of Lisbon #AEiC2023 #AdaEurope #AdaProgramming *** Extensive info and registration online *** *** Add tutorials and/or a workshop to your conference registration *** www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/tutorials.html  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- *** UPDATE Ada-Europe - AEiC 2023 early registration deadline approaching Come to the Ada-Europe conference in Lisbon, experience a packed program in an exciting town, benefit from tutorials on Tuesday, join a workshop on Friday, enjoy the social events and some sightseeing! Register now: discounted fees until May 22! http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/registration.html  *** General Information The 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) returns to Lisbon, after the 2018 edition in the week of 13-16 June. The conference will be an in-presence only event, with a solid core of activities. The conference program includes two core days with a keynote talk a panel, peer-reviewed academic papers, industrial presentations and work-in-progress presentations and posters. The conference program is bracketed by one day of tutorials, and one day with two satellite events. There will be time for networking during breaks as well as during the welcome reception and the conference banquet. AEiC 2023 is the latest in a series of annual international conferences started in the early 80's, under the auspices of Ada-Europe, the international organization that promotes knowledge and use of Ada and Reliable Software in general, into academic education and research and industrial practice. The Ada-Europe series of conferences has over the years become a leading international forum for providers, practitioners and researchers in reliable software technologies. These events highlight the increased relevance of Ada in general and in safety- and security-critical systems in particular, and provide a unique opportunity for interaction and collaboration between academics and industrial practitioners. The 2023 edition of the conference continues a number of important innovations started at the 2019 conference: - lower registration fee for conference, unified for all participants; - further reduced fee for all authors; - lower registration fee for all tutorials; - journal-based open-access publication model for peer-reviewed papers; - more compact program with two core days (Wednesday & Thursday); - tutorials on Tuesday, followed by welcome event for all participants; - satellite events on Friday. *** Overview of the Week - Tue 14: six half-day tutorials, welcome reception - Wed 15 & Thu 16: core program, conference dinner on Wednesday - Fri 17: two workshops Extensive information on AEiC 2023 is on the conference web site such as an overview of the program, the list of accepted papers and presentations, and descriptions of workshops, tutorials, keynote presentation, panel, and social events. Also check the conference site for registration, accommodation and travel information. The Advance Program brochure will shortly be available there as well. *** Venue The conference will take place at Hotel Fénix Lisboa, in Lisbon Portugal, which is very near downtown. It is easy to reach the hotel from the airport, by metro or taxi, and from the hotel it is possible to walk towards downtown to appreciate the inner city offerings. Portugal has been elected Europe's Leading Destination 2022 at the World Travel Awards, and Lisbon the Europe's Leading City Break Destination 2022. Portugal is also considered one of the safest countries in the world, ranking 6th place in 2022. *** Invited Speakers This year the conference will feature a keynote talk on the first day and a panel on the second, with three invited speakers/panelists. The keynote and the panel will address topics of relevance in the conference scope, with ample time for questions and answers. - On Wed June 14, a keynote talk by Alcides Fonseca, from LASIGE University of Lisbon Faculty of Sciences, who will talk about "Applications of liquid types for more reliable software". - On Thu June 15, a panel on the "Promises and Challenges of AI-enabled Software Development Tools for Safety-Critical Applications" will bring around the table three experts: Douglas Schmidt (Vanderbilt University, USA), Jochen Quante (Robert Bosch GmbH, Germany), and Jon Pérez Cerrolaza (IKERLAN, Spain). *** Conference Core Composition The core conference program features three distinct types of technical presentations, with different duration, in addition to the keynote talk and the pannel session: journal-track talks (30 minutes), industrial-track talks (20 minutes), work-in-progress-track talks (10 minutes). All papers presented in the journal track, the industrial track and the work-in-progress track have undergone peer review. Presentations are combined into by-theme and not by-track sessions, in order that authors and participants alike enjoy all flavors of the program in a mixed as opposed to segregated combination. Papers and Presentations: - 6 sessions: Verification and Validation 1, Advanced Systems Reliability and Performance, Verification and Validation 2 Reliable Programming, Real-Time Systems - 6 journal-track talks - 7 industrial presentations and experience reports - 15 work-in-progress reports - posters of work-in-progress reports - submissions and accepted contributions from around the world - submissions by authors from 16 countries, and accepted contributions from Austria, Brazil, Cameroon, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, UK, USA Networking Area: - features project posters, reserved vendor tables, and general networking options - 1 company already committed to be there: AdaCore *** Tutorials Six three-hour tutorials are offered on Tuesday 13th: - "The HAC Ada Compiler", by Gautier de Montmollin, Ada Switzerland, Switzerland - "Controlling I/O Devices with Ada and the Linux Simple I/O Library", by Philip Munts, Sweden - "Everything you Always Wanted to Know about Characters and Strings", by Jean-Pierre Rosen, Adalog, France - "Introduction to the Development of Safety Critical Software", by Jean-Pierre Rosen, Adalog, France - "Rust Fundamentals", by Luis Miguel Pinho and Tiago Carvalho, ISEP, Portugal - "Concurrency and Parallelism in Rust", by Luis Miguel Pinho and Tiago Carvalho, ISEP, Portugal *** Satellite Events Two workshops are held on Friday 16th: - 8th International Workshop on "Challenges and New Approaches for Dependable and Cyber-Physical System Engineering" (DeCPS 2023) - 2nd International Workshop "AADL by its Practitioners (ADEPT)" *** Social Program The conference provides several opportunities to socialize: - Each day: coffee breaks and sit-down lunches offer ample time for interaction and networking with participants and vendors. - Tuesday early evening: Welcome Reception in the gardens of the National Museum of Science & Natural History. During two hours, a selection of drinks and appetizers will be served and participants will have the opportunity to taste port wine while walking in the nice botanical gardens of the museum. - Wednesday evening: Conference Banquet in the "Casa do Alentejo" restaurant, downtown Lisbon. When entering the building, visitors are surprised with the several rooms of the building (an old palace that served as a casino in the XX century) featuring diverse styles and decoration. Participants will have the opportunity to taste cod fish baked in olive oil, which is a very typical Portuguese dish. *** Further Information Registration: - registration information (and link to registration form) is provided at < http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/registration.html  > - early registration discount until Monday May 22, 2023 - payment possible by credit card or bank transfer - special low fee for authors and students - discount for Ada-Europe, ACM SIGAda, SIGBED and SIGPLAN members - registration includes coffee breaks, lunches and social events - low tutorial fees - low workshop fees - see registration page for all details Promotion: - recommended Twitter hashtags: #AEiC2023 #AdaEurope #AdaProgramming - Advance Program brochure to be available online at < http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/media/AP_AEiC2023.pdf  > AEiC 2023 Sponsors: - AdaCore: https://www.adacore.com/  The conference is supported and sponsored by - Ada-Europe: http://www.ada-europe.org/  and organized in cooperation with - ACM SIGAda: http://www.sigada.org/  - ACM SIGBED: https://sigbed.org/  - ACM SIGPLAN: http://www.sigplan.org/  - ARA: https://www.adaic.org/community/  - Ciências ULisboa: https://ciencias.ulisboa.pt/en  Please make sure you book accommodation as soon as possible. For more info and latest updates see the conference web site at < http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  >. We look forward to seeing you in Lisbon in June 2023! ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement. Please circulate widely. Dirk Craeynest, AEiC 2023 Publicity Chair Dirk.Craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be * 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) * June 13-16, 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  (V6.1)    
 Call for Participation -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: Ada-Europe Int.Conf. Reliable Software Technologies, AEiC 2023 Date: Thu, 11 May 2023 18:07:58 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: Program available! Register by May 22 and book hotel ASAP! Keywords: Conference,academia,industry,reliable,secure,IT,Ada,Lisbon ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Call for Participation *** PROGRAM SUMMARY *** 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) 13-16 June 2023, Lisbon, Portugal www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  Organized by Ada-Europe in cooperation with ACM SIGAda, SIGPLAN, SIGBED the Ada Resource Association (ARA), and the University of Lisbon #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  *** Online registration open *** *** Highly recommended to book your hotel ASAP *** *** Early registration discount until May 22 *** ----------------------------------------------------------------------- *** General Information The 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) returns to Lisbon, after the 2018 edition in the week of 13-16 June. The conference will be an in-presence only event, with a solid core of activities. The conference program includes two core days with a keynote talk a panel, peer-reviewed academic papers, industrial presentations and work-in-progress presentations and posters. The conference program is bracketed by one day of tutorials, and one day with two satellite events. There will be time for networking during breaks as well as during the welcome reception and the conference banquet. AEiC 2023 is the latest in a series of annual international conferences started in the early 80's, under the auspices of Ada-Europe, the international organization that promotes knowledge and use of Ada and Reliable Software in general, into academic education and research and industrial practice. The Ada-Europe series of conferences has over the years become a leading international forum for providers, practitioners and researchers in reliable software technologies. These events highlight the increased relevance of Ada in general and in safety- and security-critical systems in particular, and provide a unique opportunity for interaction and collaboration between academics and industrial practitioners. The 2023 edition of the conference continues a number of important innovations started at the 2019 conference: - lower registration fee for conference, unified for all participants; - further reduced fee for all authors; - lower registration fee for all tutorials; - journal-based open-access publication model for peer-reviewed papers; - more compact program with two core days (Wednesday & Thursday); - tutorials on Tuesday, followed by welcome event for all participants; - satellite events on Friday. *** Overview of the Week - Tue 14: six half-day tutorials, welcome reception - Wed 15 & Thu 16: core program, conference dinner on Wednesday - Fri 17: two workshops Extensive information on AEiC 2023 is on the conference web site such as an overview of the program, the list of accepted papers and presentations, and descriptions of workshops, tutorials, keynote presentation, panel, and social events. Also check the conference site for registration, accommodation and travel information. The Advance Program brochure will shortly be available there as well. *** Venue The conference will take place at Hotel Fénix Lisboa, in Lisbon Portugal, which is very near downtown. It is easy to reach the hotel from the airport, by metro or taxi, and from the hotel it is possible to walk towards downtown to appreciate the inner city offerings. Portugal has been elected Europe's Leading Destination 2022 at the World Travel Awards, and Lisbon the Europe's Leading City Break Destination 2022. Portugal is also considered one of the safest countries in the world, ranking 6th place in 2022. *** Invited Speakers This year the conference will feature a keynote talk on the first day and a panel on the second, with three invited speakers/panelists. The keynote and the panel will address topics of relevance in the conference scope, with ample time for questions and answers. - On Wed June 14, a keynote talk by Alcides Fonseca, from LASIGE University of Lisbon Faculty of Sciences, who will talk about "Applications of liquid types for more reliable software". - On Thu June 15, a panel on the "Promises and Challenges of AI-enabled Software Development Tools for Safety-Critical Applications" will bring around the table three experts: Douglas Schmidt (Vanderbilt University, USA), Jochen Quante (Robert Bosch GmbH, Germany), and Jon Pérez Cerrolaza (IKERLAN, Spain). *** Conference Core Composition The core conference program features three distinct types of technical presentations, with different duration, in addition to the keynote talk and the pannel session: journal-track talks (30 minutes), industrial-track talks (20 minutes), work-in-progress-track talks (10 minutes). All papers presented in the journal track, the industrial track and the work-in-progress track have undergone peer review. Presentations are combined into by-theme and not by-track sessions, in order that authors and participants alike enjoy all flavors of the program in a mixed as opposed to segregated combination. Papers and Presentations: - 6 sessions: Verification and Validation 1, Advanced Systems Reliability and Performance, Verification and Validation 2 Reliable Programming, Real-Time Systems - 6 journal-track talks - 7 industrial presentations and experience reports - 15 work-in-progress reports - posters of work-in-progress reports - submissions and accepted contributions from around the world - submissions by authors from 16 countries, and accepted contributions from Austria, Brazil, Cameroon, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, UK, USA Networking Area: - features project posters, reserved vendor tables, and general networking options - 1 company already committed to be there: AdaCore *** Tutorials Six three-hour tutorials are offered on Tuesday 13th: - "The HAC Ada Compiler", by Gautier de Montmollin, Ada Switzerland, Switzerland - "Controlling I/O Devices with Ada and the Linux Simple I/O Library", by Philip Munts, Sweden - "Everything you Always Wanted to Know about Characters and Strings", by Jean-Pierre Rosen, Adalog, France - "Introduction to the Development of Safety Critical Software", by Jean-Pierre Rosen, Adalog, France - "Rust Fundamentals", by Luis Miguel Pinho and Tiago Carvalho, ISEP, Portugal - "Concurrency and Parallelism in Rust", by Luis Miguel Pinho and Tiago Carvalho, ISEP, Portugal *** Satellite Events Two workshops are held on Friday 16th: - 8th International Workshop on "Challenges and New Approaches for Dependable and Cyber-Physical System Engineering" (DeCPS 2023) - 2nd International Workshop "AADL by its Practitioners (ADEPT)" *** Social Program The conference provides several opportunities to socialize: - Each day: coffee breaks and sit-down lunches offer ample time for interaction and networking with participants and vendors. - Tuesday early evening: Welcome Reception in the gardens of the National Museum of Science & Natural History. During two hours, a selection of drinks and appetizers will be served and participants will have the opportunity to taste port wine while walking in the nice botanical gardens of the museum. - Wednesday evening: Conference Banquet in the "Casa do Alentejo" restaurant, downtown Lisbon. When entering the building, visitors are surprised with the several rooms of the building (an old palace that served as a casino in the XX century) featuring diverse styles and decoration. Participants will have the opportunity to taste cod fish baked in olive oil, which is a very typical Portuguese dish. *** Further Information Registration: - registration information (and link to registration form) is provided at < http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/registration.html  > - early registration discount until Monday May 22, 2023 - payment possible by credit card or bank transfer - special low fee for authors and students - discount for Ada-Europe, ACM SIGAda, SIGBED and SIGPLAN members - registration includes coffee breaks, lunches and social events - low tutorial fees - low workshop fees - see registration page for all details Promotion: - recommended Twitter hashtags: #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  - Advance Program brochure to be available online at < http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/media/AP_AEiC2023.pdf  > AEiC 2023 Sponsors: - AdaCore: https://www.adacore.com/  The conference is supported and sponsored by - Ada-Europe: http://www.ada-europe.org/  and organized in cooperation with - ACM SIGAda: http://www.sigada.org/  - ACM SIGBED: https://sigbed.org/  - ACM SIGPLAN: http://www.sigplan.org/  - ARA: https://www.adaic.org/community/  - Ciências ULisboa: https://ciencias.ulisboa.pt/en  Please make sure you book accommodation as soon as possible. For more info and latest updates see the conference web site at < http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  >. We look forward to seeing you in Lisbon in June 2023! ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement. Please circulate widely. Dirk Craeynest, AEiC 2023 Publicity Chair Dirk.Craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be * 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) * June 13-16, 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  (V5.1)    
 Extended Final Deadline -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: Ada-Europe Conference - 6 March Extended Final Deadline Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2023 14:33:00 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: 2nd submission deadline Mon 6 Mar 2023; 1+ week remains Keywords: Conference,academia,industry,reliable,secure,IT,Ada,Lisbon The recently posted reminder for the Ada-Europe 2023 Conference triggered several requests for extra time. To give all authors the same opportunity to further refine their submission, the organizers decided that the deadline for industrial- and work-in-progress-track abstracts, and for tutorial and workshop proposals will be extended by 1 week until Monday, 6 March 2023. 1+ week remains! ----------------------------------------------------------------------- FINAL UPDATED Call for Contributions 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) 13-16 June 2023, Lisbon, Portugal *** EXTENDED FINAL submission DEADLINE 6 March 2023 *** Industrial- and Work-in-Progress-track: submit via https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=aeic2023  select "Industrial Track" or "Work in Progress Track" Tutorials: submit to Tutorial and Education Chair Luís Miguel Pinho <lmp @ isep.ipp.pt> subject "[AEiC 2023: tutorial proposal]" Workshops: submit to Workshop Chair Frank Singhoff <singhoff @ univ-brest.fr> subject "[AEiC 2023: workshop proposal]" For more information please see the full Call for Papers at www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement. Please circulate widely. Dirk Craeynest, AEiC 2023 Publicity Chair Dirk.Craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be * 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) * June 13-16, 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  (V4.1)    
 Final Deadline Approaching -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: AEiC 2023 - Ada-Europe conference - Final Deadline Approaching Date: Thu, 16 Feb 2023 09:39:33 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: Deadline 27 Feb for all non-Journal-track submissions Keywords: Conference,academia,industry,reliable,secure,IT,Ada,Lisbon ----------------------------------------------------------------------- FINAL Call for Contributions 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) 13-16 June 2023, Lisbon, Portugal www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  *** FINAL submission DEADLINE 27 February 2023 *** Organized by Ada-Europe in cooperation with ACM SIGAda (approval pending) and the Ada Resource Association (ARA) #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- *** General Information The 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) will take place in Lisbon, Portugal. The conference schedule comprises a journal track, an industrial track a work-in-progress track, a vendor exhibition, parallel tutorials and satellite workshops. * Journal-track submissions present research advances supported by solid theoretical foundation and thorough evaluation. * Industrial-track submissions highlight the practitioners' side of a challenging case study or industrial project. * Work-in-progress-track submissions illustrate a novel research idea that is still at an initial stage, between conception and first prototype. * Tutorial submissions guide attenders through a hands-on familiarization with innovative developments or with useful features related to reliable software. *** Schedule [CLOSED] Extended submission deadline for journal-track papers 27 February 2023: Submission deadline for industrial-track and work-in- progress-track papers, tutorial & workshop proposals 20 March 2023: First round notification for journal-track papers acceptance notification for other submission types 13-16 June 2023: Conference *** Scope and Topics The conference is a leading international forum for providers practitioners, and researchers in reliable software technologies. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development, and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. The program will allow ample time for keynotes Q&A sessions and discussions, and social events. Participants include practitioners and researchers from industry, academia, and government organizations active in the promotion and development of reliable software technologies. The topics of interest for the conference include but are not limited to: - Formal and Model-Based Engineering of Critical Systems; - Real-Time Systems; - High-Integrity Systems and Reliability; - Ada Language; - Applications in a variety of domains. More specific topics are described on the conference web page. *** Call for Journal-track Submissions Following a journal-first model, this edition of the conference again includes a journal track, which seeks original and high-quality papers that describe mature research work on the conference topics. Accepted journal-track papers will be published in the "Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC2023)" Special Issue of JSA -- the Journal of Systems Architecture (Scimago Q1 ranked, impact factor 5.936). [Submission details removed. Call is closed now.] Authors who have successfully passed the first round of review will be invited to present their work at the conference. Please note that the AEiC 2023 organization committee will waive the Open Access fees for the first four accepted papers, which do not already enjoy OA from personalized bilateral agreements with the Publisher. Subsequent papers will follow JSA regular publishing track. *** Call for Industrial-track Submissions The conference seeks industrial practitioner presentations that deliver insight on the challenges of developing reliable software. Especially welcome kinds of submissions are listed on the conference web site. Given their applied nature, such contributions will be subject to a dedicated practitioner-peer review process. Interested authors shall submit a one-to-two pages abstract, by 27 February 2023, via EasyChair at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=aeic2023  , selecting the "Industrial Track". The format for submission is strictly in PDF following the Ada User Journal style. Templates are available at http://www.ada-europe.org/auj/guide.  The abstract of the accepted contributions will be included in the conference booklet. The corresponding authors will get a presentation slot in the prime-time technical program of the conference and will also be invited to expand their contributions into full-fledged articles for publication in the Ada User Journal, which will form the proceedings of the industrial track of the Conference. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to its chairs Alexandre Skrzyniarz (alexandre.skrzyniarz at fr.thalesgroup.com) and Sara Royuela (sara.royuela at bsc.es). *** Call for Work-in-Progress-track Submissions The work-in-progress track seeks two kinds of submissions: (a) ongoing research and (b) early-stage ideas. Ongoing research submissions are 4-page papers describing research results that are not mature enough to be submitted to the journal track. Early-stage ideas are 1-page papers that pitch new research directions that fall within the scope of the conference. Both kinds of submissions must be original and shall undergo anonymous peer review. Submissions by recent MSc graduates and PhD students are especially sought. Authors shall submit their work by 27 February 2023, via EasyChair at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=aeic2023  , selecting the "Work in Progress Track". The format for submission is strictly in PDF, following the Ada User Journal style. Templates are available at http://www.ada-europe.org/auj/guide.  The abstract of the accepted contributions will be included in the conference booklet. The corresponding authors will get a presentation slot in the prime-time technical program of the conference and will also be offered the opportunity to expand their contributions into 4-page articles for publication in the Ada User Journal which will form the proceedings of the WiP track of the Conference. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to the corresponding chairs Bjorn Andersson (baandersson at sei.cmu.edu) and José Cecílio (jmcecilio at fc.ul.pt). *** Awards Ada-Europe will offer an honorary award for the best technical presentation, to be announced in the closing session of the conference. *** Call for Tutorials The conference seeks tutorials in the form of educational seminars on themes falling within the conference scope, with an academic or practitioner slant, including hands-on or practical elements. Tutorial proposals shall include a title, an abstract, a description of the topic, an outline of the presentation, the proposed duration (half-day or full-day), the intended level of the contents (introductory intermediate, or advanced), and a statement motivating attendance. Tutorial proposals shall be submitted by e-mail to Tutorial and Education Chair, Luís Miguel Pinho (lmp at isep.ipp.pt), with subject line: "[AEiC 2023: tutorial proposal]". Tutorial proposals shall be submitted by 27 February 2023. The authors of accepted full-day tutorials will receive a complimentary conference registration, halved for half-day tutorials. The Ada User Journal will offer space for the publication of summaries of the accepted tutorials. *** Call for Workshops The conference welcomes satellite workshops centred on themes that fall within the conference scope. Proposals may be submitted for half- or full-day events, to be scheduled at either end of the AEiC conference. Workshop organizers shall also commit to producing the proceedings of the event, for publication in the Ada User Journal. Workshop proposals shall be submitted by e-mail to the Workshop Chair Frank Singhoff (singhoff at univ-brest.fr), with subject line: "[AEiC 2023: workshop proposal]". Workshop proposals shall be submitted at any time but no later than the 27 February 2023. Once submitted each workshop proposal will be evaluated by the conference organizers as soon as possible. *** Call for Exhibitors The conference will include a vendor and technology exhibition. Interested providers should direct inquiries to the Exhibition & Sponsorship Chair, Ahlan Marriott (ahlan at Ada-Switzerland.ch). *** Venue The conference will take place at the Hotel Fénix Lisboa, near downtown Lisbon, Portugal. June is full of events in Lisbon, including the festivities in honour of St. António (June 13 is the town holiday), with music, grilled sardines, and popular parties in Alfama and Bairro Alto neighbourhoods. There's plenty to see and visit in Lisbon so plan in advance! *** Organizing Committee - Conference Chair António Casimiro, University of Lisbon, Portugal casim at ciencias.ulisboa.pt - Journal-track Chair Elena Troubitsyna, KTH Royal Inst. of Technology, Sweden elenatro at kth.se - Industrial-track Chairs Alexandre Skrzyniarz, Thales, France alexandre.skrzyniarz at fr.thalesgroup.com Sara Royuela, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain sara.royuela at bsc.es - Work-In-Progress-track Chairs Bjorn Andersson, Carnegie Mellon University, USA baandersson at sei.cmu.edu José Cecílio, University of Lisbon, Portugal jmcecilio at fc.ul.pt - Tutorial and Education Chair Luis Miguel Pinho, ISEP, Portugal lmp at isep.ipp.pt - Workshop Chair Frank Singhoff, University of Brest, France singhoff at univ-brest.fr - Exhibition & Sponsorship Chair Ahlan Marriott, White Elephant GmbH, Switzerland ahlan at Ada-Switzerland.ch - Publicity Chair Dirk Craeynest, Ada-Belgium & KU Leuven, Belgium Dirk.Craeynest at cs.kuleuven.be - Webmaster Hai Nam Tran, University of Brest, France hai-nam.tran at univ-brest.fr *** Previous Editions Ada-Europe organizes annual international conferences since the early 80's. This is the 27th event in the Reliable Software Technologies series, previous ones being held at Montreux, Switzerland ('96), London, UK ('97), Uppsala, Sweden ('98), Santander, Spain ('99), Potsdam, Germany ('00), Leuven, Belgium ('01), Vienna, Austria ('02), Toulouse, France ('03), Palma de Mallorca, Spain ('04), York UK ('05), Porto, Portugal ('06), Geneva, Switzerland ('07), Venice Italy ('08), Brest, France ('09), Valencia, Spain ('10), Edinburgh, UK ('11), Stockholm, Sweden ('12), Berlin, Germany ('13), Paris, France ('14), Madrid, Spain ('15), Pisa, Italy ('16), Vienna, Austria ('17), Lisbon, Portugal ('18), Warsaw, Poland ('19), online from Santander Spain ('21), and Ghent, Belgium ('22). Information on previous editions of the conference can be found at http://www.ada-europe.org/confs/ae.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement. Please circulate widely. Dirk Craeynest, AEiC 2023 Publicity Chair Dirk.Craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be * 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) * June 13-16, 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  (V3.1)    
 Journal-Track Extended Deadline -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: Ada-Europe Conference - 13 Feb Journal-Track Extended Deadline Date: Sun, 8 Jan 2023 18:39:12 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: 1st submission deadline Mon 13 Feb 2023; 5 weeks remain Keywords: Conference,academia,industry,reliable,secure,IT,Ada,Lisbon ----------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATED Call for Contributions 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) 13-16 June 2023, Lisbon, Portugal www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  *** Journal-track deadline EXTENDED to 13 February 2023 *** *** Other submissions by 27 February 2023 *** Organized by Ada-Europe in cooperation with ACM SIGAda (approval pending) and Ada Resource Association (ARA) #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- *** General Information The 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) will take place in Lisbon, Portugal. The conference schedule comprises a journal track, an industrial track a work-in-progress track, a vendor exhibition, parallel tutorials and satellite workshops. * Journal-track submissions present research advances supported by solid theoretical foundation and thorough evaluation. * Industrial-track submissions highlight the practitioners' side of a challenging case study or industrial project. * Work-in-progress-track submissions illustrate a novel research idea that is still at an initial stage, between conception and first prototype. * Tutorial submissions guide attenders through a hands-on familiarization with innovative developments or with useful features related to reliable software. *** Schedule 13 February 2023: Extended submission deadline for journal-track papers 27 February 2023: Submission deadline for industrial-track and work-in- progress-track papers, tutorial & workshop proposals 20 March 2023: First round notification for journal-track papers acceptance notification for other submission types 13-16 June 2023: Conference *** Scope and Topics The conference is a leading international forum for providers practitioners, and researchers in reliable software technologies. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development, and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. The program will allow ample time for keynotes Q&A sessions and discussions, and social events. Participants include practitioners and researchers from industry, academia, and government organizations active in the promotion and development of reliable software technologies. The topics of interest for the conference include but are not limited to: - Formal and Model-Based Engineering of Critical Systems; - Real-Time Systems; - High-Integrity Systems and Reliability; - Ada Language; - Applications in a variety of domains. More specific topics are described on the conference web page. *** Call for Journal-track Submissions Following a journal-first model, this edition of the conference again includes a journal track, which seeks original and high-quality papers that describe mature research work on the conference topics. Accepted journal-track papers will be published in the "Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC2023)" Special Issue of JSA -- the Journal of Systems Architecture (Scimago Q1 ranked, impact factor 5.936). General information for submitting to the JSA can be found at the Journal of Systems Architecture website. The submission link will be available on the conference web page. Contributions must be submitted by 13 February 2023. JSA has adopted the Virtual Special Issue model to speed up the publication process, where Special Issue papers are published in regular issues, but marked as SI papers. Acceptance decisions are made on a rolling basis. Therefore authors are encouraged to submit papers early, and need not wait until the submission deadline. Authors who have successfully passed the first round of review will be invited to present their work at the conference. Please note that the AEiC 2023 organization committee will waive the Open Access fees for the first four accepted papers, which do not already enjoy OA from personalized bilateral agreements with the Publisher. Subsequent papers will follow JSA regular publishing track. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to the corresponding chair, Elena Troubitsyna (elenatro at kth.se). *** Call for Industrial-track Submissions The conference seeks industrial practitioner presentations that deliver insight on the challenges of developing reliable software. Especially welcome kinds of submissions are listed on the conference web site. Given their applied nature, such contributions will be subject to a dedicated practitioner-peer review process. Interested authors shall submit a one-to-two pages abstract, by 27 February 2023, via EasyChair at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=aeic2023  , selecting the "Industrial Track". The format for submission is strictly in PDF following the Ada User Journal style. Templates are available at http://www.ada-europe.org/auj/guide.  The abstract of the accepted contributions will be included in the conference booklet. The corresponding authors will get a presentation slot in the prime-time technical program of the conference and will also be invited to expand their contributions into full-fledged articles for publication in the Ada User Journal, which will form the proceedings of the industrial track of the Conference. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to its chairs Alexandre Skrzyniarz (alexandre.skrzyniarz at fr.thalesgroup.com) and Sara Royuela (sara.royuela at bsc.es). *** Call for Work-in-Progress-track Submissions The work-in-progress track seeks two kinds of submissions: (a) ongoing research and (b) early-stage ideas. Ongoing research submissions are 4-page papers describing research results that are not mature enough to be submitted to the journal track. Early-stage ideas are 1-page papers that pitch new research directions that fall within the scope of the conference. Both kinds of submissions must be original and shall undergo anonymous peer review. Submissions by recent MSc graduates and PhD students are especially sought. Authors shall submit their work by 27 February 2023, via EasyChair at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=aeic2023  , selecting the "Work in Progress Track". The format for submission is strictly in PDF, following the Ada User Journal style. Templates are available at http://www.ada-europe.org/auj/guide.  The abstract of the accepted contributions will be included in the conference booklet. The corresponding authors will get a presentation slot in the prime-time technical program of the conference and will also be offered the opportunity to expand their contributions into 4-page articles for publication in the Ada User Journal which will form the proceedings of the WiP track of the Conference. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to the corresponding chairs Bjorn Andersson (baandersson at sei.cmu.edu) and José Cecílio (jmcecilio at fc.ul.pt). *** Awards Ada-Europe will offer an honorary award for the best technical presentation, to be announced in the closing session of the conference. *** Call for Tutorials The conference seeks tutorials in the form of educational seminars on themes falling within the conference scope, with an academic or practitioner slant, including hands-on or practical elements. Tutorial proposals shall include a title, an abstract, a description of the topic, an outline of the presentation, the proposed duration (half-day or full-day), the intended level of the contents (introductory intermediate, or advanced), and a statement motivating attendance. Tutorial proposals shall be submitted by e-mail to Tutorial and Education Chair, Luís Miguel Pinho (lmp at isep.ipp.pt), with subject line: "[AEiC 2023: tutorial proposal]". Tutorial proposals shall be submitted by 27 February 2023. The authors of accepted full-day tutorials will receive a complimentary conference registration, halved for half-day tutorials. The Ada User Journal will offer space for the publication of summaries of the accepted tutorials. *** Call for Workshops The conference welcomes satellite workshops centred on themes that fall within the conference scope. Proposals may be submitted for half- or full-day events, to be scheduled at either end of the AEiC conference. Workshop organizers shall also commit to producing the proceedings of the event, for publication in the Ada User Journal. Workshop proposals shall be submitted by e-mail to the Workshop Chair Frank Singhoff (singhoff at univ-brest.fr), with subject line: "[AEiC 2023: workshop proposal]". Workshop proposals shall be submitted at any time but no later than the 27 February 2023. Once submitted each workshop proposal will be evaluated by the conference organizers as soon as possible. *** Call for Exhibitors The conference will include a vendor and technology exhibition. Interested providers should direct inquiries to the Exhibition & Sponsorship Chair, Ahlan Marriott (ahlan at Ada-Switzerland.ch). *** Venue The conference will take place at the Hotel Fénix Lisboa, near downtown Lisbon, Portugal. June is full of events in Lisbon, including the festivities in honour of St. António (June 13 is the town holiday), with music, grilled sardines, and popular parties in Alfama and Bairro Alto neighbourhoods. There's plenty to see and visit in Lisbon so plan in advance! *** Organizing Committee - Conference Chair António Casimiro, University of Lisbon, Portugal casim at ciencias.ulisboa.pt - Journal-track Chair Elena Troubitsyna, KTH Royal Inst. of Technology, Sweden elenatro at kth.se - Industrial-track Chairs Alexandre Skrzyniarz, Thales, France alexandre.skrzyniarz at fr.thalesgroup.com Sara Royuela, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain sara.royuela at bsc.es - Work-In-Progress-track Chairs Bjorn Andersson, Carnegie Mellon University, USA baandersson at sei.cmu.edu José Cecílio, University of Lisbon, Portugal jmcecilio at fc.ul.pt - Tutorial and Education Chair Luis Miguel Pinho, ISEP, Portugal lmp at isep.ipp.pt - Workshop Chair Frank Singhoff, University of Brest, France singhoff at univ-brest.fr - Exhibition & Sponsorship Chair Ahlan Marriott, White Elephant GmbH, Switzerland ahlan at Ada-Switzerland.ch - Publicity Chair Dirk Craeynest, Ada-Belgium & KU Leuven, Belgium Dirk.Craeynest at cs.kuleuven.be - Webmaster Hai Nam Tran, University of Brest, France hai-nam.tran at univ-brest.fr *** Previous Editions Ada-Europe organizes annual international conferences since the early 80's. This is the 27th event in the Reliable Software Technologies series, previous ones being held at Montreux, Switzerland ('96), London, UK ('97), Uppsala, Sweden ('98), Santander, Spain ('99), Potsdam, Germany ('00), Leuven, Belgium ('01), Vienna, Austria ('02), Toulouse, France ('03), Palma de Mallorca, Spain ('04), York UK ('05), Porto, Portugal ('06), Geneva, Switzerland ('07), Venice Italy ('08), Brest, France ('09), Valencia, Spain ('10), Edinburgh, UK ('11), Stockholm, Sweden ('12), Berlin, Germany ('13), Paris, France ('14), Madrid, Spain ('15), Pisa, Italy ('16), Vienna, Austria ('17), Lisbon, Portugal ('18), Warsaw, Poland ('19), online from Santander Spain ('21), and Ghent, Belgium ('22). Information on previous editions of the conference can be found at http://www.ada-europe.org/confs/ae.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement. Please circulate widely. Dirk Craeynest, AEiC 2023 Publicity Chair Dirk.Craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be * 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) * June 13-16, 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  (V2.1)    
 Call for Contributions -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023)  
   
 From: dirk@orka.cs.kuleuven.be. (Dirk Craeynest) Newsgroups: comp.lang.ada,fr.comp.lang.ada,comp.lang.misc Subject: CfC 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2022 16:49:01 -0000 (UTC) Organization: Ada-Europe, c/o Dept. of Computer Science, KU Leuven Summary: It is time to prepare your submissions for AEiC 2023... Keywords: Conference,academia,industry,reliable,secure,IT,Ada,Lisbon ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Call for Contributions 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) 13-16 June 2023, Lisbon, Portugal www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  *** Journal-track DEADLINE approaching 16 January 2023 *** *** Other submissions by 27 February 2023 *** Organized by Ada-Europe in cooperation with ACM SIGAda (approval pending) and Ada Resource Association (ARA) #AEiC2023  #AdaEurope  #AdaProgramming  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- *** General Information The 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) will take place in Lisbon, Portugal. The conference schedule comprises a journal track, an industrial track a work-in-progress track, a vendor exhibition, parallel tutorials and satellite workshops. * Journal-track submissions present research advances supported by solid theoretical foundation and thorough evaluation. * Industrial-track submissions highlight the practitioners' side of a challenging case study or industrial project. * Work-in-progress-track submissions illustrate a novel research idea that is still at an initial stage, between conception and first prototype. * Tutorial submissions guide attenders through a hands-on familiarization with innovative developments or with useful features related to reliable software. *** Schedule 16 January 2023: Submission deadline for journal-track papers. 27 February 2023: Submission deadline for industrial-track and work-in- progress-track papers, tutorial & workshop proposals. 20 March 2023: First round notification for journal-track papers acceptance notification for other submission types. 13-16 June 2023: Conference. *** Scope and Topics The conference is a leading international forum for providers practitioners, and researchers in reliable software technologies. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development, and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. The program will allow ample time for keynotes Q&A sessions and discussions, and social events. Participants include practitioners and researchers from industry, academia, and government organizations active in the promotion and development of reliable software technologies. The topics of interest for the conference include but are not limited to: - Formal and Model-Based Engineering of Critical Systems; - Real-Time Systems; - High-Integrity Systems and Reliability; - Ada Language; - Applications in a variety of domains. More specific topics are described on the conference web page. *** Call for Journal-track Submissions Following a journal-first model, this edition of the conference again includes a journal track, which seeks original and high-quality papers that describe mature research work on the conference topics. Accepted journal-track papers will be published in the "Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC2023)" Special Issue of JSA -- the Journal of Systems Architecture (Scimago Q1 ranked, impact factor 5.936). General information for submitting to the JSA can be found at the Journal of Systems Architecture website. The submission link will be available on the conference web page. Contributions must be submitted by 16 January 2023. JSA has adopted the Virtual Special Issue model to speed up the publication process, where Special Issue papers are published in regular issues, but marked as SI papers. Acceptance decisions are made on a rolling basis. Therefore authors are encouraged to submit papers early, and need not wait until the submission deadline. Authors who have successfully passed the first round of review will be invited to present their work at the conference. Please note that the AEiC 2023 organization committee will waive the Open Access fees for the first four accepted papers, which do not already enjoy OA from personalized bilateral agreements with the Publisher. Subsequent papers will follow JSA regular publishing track. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to the corresponding chair, Elena Troubitsyna (elenatro at kth.se). *** Call for Industrial-track Submissions The conference seeks industrial practitioner presentations that deliver insight on the challenges of developing reliable software. Especially welcome kinds of submissions are listed on the conference web site. Given their applied nature, such contributions will be subject to a dedicated practitioner-peer review process. Interested authors shall submit a one-to-two pages abstract, by 27 February 2023, via EasyChair at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=aeic2023  , selecting the "Industrial Track". The format for submission is strictly in PDF following the Ada User Journal style. Templates are available at http://www.ada-europe.org/auj/guide.  The abstract of the accepted contributions will be included in the conference booklet. The corresponding authors will get a presentation slot in the prime-time technical program of the conference and will also be invited to expand their contributions into full-fledged articles for publication in the Ada User Journal, which will form the proceedings of the industrial track of the Conference. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to its chairs Alexandre Skrzyniarz (alexandre.skrzyniarz at fr.thalesgroup.com) and Sara Royuela (sara.royuela at bsc.es). *** Call for Work-in-Progress-track Submissions The work-in-progress track seeks two kinds of submissions: (a) ongoing research and (b) early-stage ideas. Ongoing research submissions are 4-page papers describing research results that are not mature enough to be submitted to the journal track. Early-stage ideas are 1-page papers that pitch new research directions that fall within the scope of the conference. Both kinds of submissions must be original and shall undergo anonymous peer review. Submissions by recent MSc graduates and PhD students are especially sought. Authors shall submit their work by 27 February 2023, via EasyChair at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=aeic2023  , selecting the "Work in Progress Track". The format for submission is strictly in PDF, following the Ada User Journal style. Templates are available at http://www.ada-europe.org/auj/guide.  The abstract of the accepted contributions will be included in the conference booklet. The corresponding authors will get a presentation slot in the prime-time technical program of the conference and will also be offered the opportunity to expand their contributions into 4-page articles for publication in the Ada User Journal which will form the proceedings of the WiP track of the Conference. Prospective authors may direct all enquiries regarding this track to the corresponding chairs Bjorn Andersson (baandersson at sei.cmu.edu) and José Cecílio (jmcecilio at fc.ul.pt). *** Awards Ada-Europe will offer an honorary award for the best technical presentation, to be announced in the closing session of the conference. *** Call for Tutorials The conference seeks tutorials in the form of educational seminars on themes falling within the conference scope, with an academic or practitioner slant, including hands-on or practical elements. Tutorial proposals shall include a title, an abstract, a description of the topic, an outline of the presentation, the proposed duration (half-day or full-day), the intended level of the contents (introductory intermediate, or advanced), and a statement motivating attendance. Tutorial proposals shall be submitted by e-mail to Tutorial and Education Chair, Luís Miguel Pinho (lmp at isep.ipp.pt), with subject line: "[AEiC 2023: tutorial proposal]". Tutorial proposals shall be submitted by 27 February 2023. The authors of accepted full-day tutorials will receive a complimentary conference registration, halved for half-day tutorials. The Ada User Journal will offer space for the publication of summaries of the accepted tutorials. *** Call for Workshops The conference welcomes satellite workshops centred on themes that fall within the conference scope. Proposals may be submitted for half- or full-day events, to be scheduled at either end of the AEiC conference. Workshop organizers shall also commit to producing the proceedings of the event, for publication in the Ada User Journal. Workshop proposals shall be submitted by e-mail to the Workshop Chair Frank Singhoff (singhoff at univ-brest.fr), with subject line: "[AEiC 2023: workshop proposal]". Workshop proposals shall be submitted at any time but no later than the 27 February 2023. Once submitted each workshop proposal will be evaluated by the conference organizers as soon as possible. *** Call for Exhibitors The conference will include a vendor and technology exhibition. Interested providers should direct inquiries to the Exhibition & Sponsorship Chair, Ahlan Marriott (ahlan at Ada-Switzerland.ch). *** Venue The conference will take place at the Hotel Fénix Lisboa, near downtown Lisbon, Portugal. June is full of events in Lisbon, including the festivities in honour of St. António (June 13 is the town holiday), with music, grilled sardines, and popular parties in Alfama and Bairro Alto neighbourhoods. There's plenty to see and visit in Lisbon so plan in advance! *** Organizing Committee - Conference Chair António Casimiro, University of Lisbon, Portugal casim at ciencias.ulisboa.pt - Journal-track Chair Elena Troubitsyna, KTH Royal Inst. of Technology, Sweden elenatro at kth.se - Industrial-track Chairs Alexandre Skrzyniarz, Thales, France alexandre.skrzyniarz at fr.thalesgroup.com Sara Royuela, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain sara.royuela at bsc.es - Work-In-Progress-track Chairs Bjorn Andersson, Carnegie Mellon University, USA baandersson at sei.cmu.edu José Cecílio, University of Lisbon, Portugal jmcecilio at fc.ul.pt - Tutorial and Education Chair Luis Miguel Pinho, ISEP, Portugal lmp at isep.ipp.pt - Workshop Chair Frank Singhoff, University of Brest, France singhoff at univ-brest.fr - Exhibition & Sponsorship Chair Ahlan Marriott, White Elephant GmbH, Switzerland ahlan at Ada-Switzerland.ch - Publicity Chair Dirk Craeynest, Ada-Belgium & KU Leuven, Belgium Dirk.Craeynest at cs.kuleuven.be - Webmaster Hai Nam Tran, University of Brest, France hai-nam.tran at univ-brest.fr *** Previous Editions Ada-Europe organizes annual international conferences since the early 80's. This is the 27th event in the Reliable Software Technologies series, previous ones being held at Montreux, Switzerland ('96), London, UK ('97), Uppsala, Sweden ('98), Santander, Spain ('99), Potsdam, Germany ('00), Leuven, Belgium ('01), Vienna, Austria ('02), Toulouse, France ('03), Palma de Mallorca, Spain ('04), York UK ('05), Porto, Portugal ('06), Geneva, Switzerland ('07), Venice Italy ('08), Brest, France ('09), Valencia, Spain ('10), Edinburgh, UK ('11), Stockholm, Sweden ('12), Berlin, Germany ('13), Paris, France ('14), Madrid, Spain ('15), Pisa, Italy ('16), Vienna, Austria ('17), Lisbon, Portugal ('18), Warsaw, Poland ('19), online from Santander Spain ('21), and Ghent, Belgium ('22). Information on previous editions of the conference can be found at http://www.ada-europe.org/confs/ae.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement. Please circulate widely. Dirk Craeynest, AEiC 2023 Publicity Chair Dirk.Craeynest@cs.kuleuven.be * 27th Ada-Europe Int. Conf. Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) * June 13-16, 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  (V1.1)    
 Preliminary Announcement -  
  27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023 aka Ada-Europe 2023)  
  The next Ada-Europe  Conference will be held in Lisbon, Portugal, from 13 to 16 June 2023.  
 More details will be announced shortly. The conference website, including the preliminary Call for Papers, will be at URL http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023  .  
  
    To the Ada-Belgium home page.  
 Last update: 2023/06/14.  
  
 Dirk Craeynest

6. PPDP_0 conference:
Top  PPDP | SPLASH    
 News  Registration  Invited Speakers  Program  Accepted Papers  Program Committee  Important Dates  Proceedings  Contact    

    25th International Symposium on  
  Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming  
 PPDP 2023   
 October 22-23, 2023 - Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal  
 Collocated with SPLASH   

  News  

  The PPDP 2023 proceedings are now available | here | . 
  Program is now available | here | . 
  Registration is now open | here | . 
  Invited speakers announced | here | . 
  The list of accepted papers is now available | here | . 
  Selected papers will be invited to the Journal of Functional Programming (JFP) or the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP). 
  Proceedings will be published in the ACM Digital Library within the ACM International Conference Proceedings Series. 
  Submission page is available | here | . 
  Conference is In-Cooperation with ACM, SIGPLAN, and SIGLOG. 
  Program Committee announced. 

  Overview of PPDP 2023  

  PPDP aims to provide a forum that brings together researchers from the declarative programming communities, including those working in the logic, constraint and functional programming paradigms, but also embracing a variety of other paradigms such as visual programming, executable specification languages, database languages, AI languages and knowledge representation languages used, for example, in the semantic web.  
 The goal is to stimulate research in the use of logical formalisms and methods for specifying, performing, and analysing computations, including mechanisms for mobility, modularity, concurrency, object-orientation, security, and static analysis. Papers related to the use of declarative paradigms and tools in industry and education are especially solicited.  
 Scope  
 Submissions are invited on all topics related to declarative programming, from principles to practice, from foundations to applications. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to  
 Language Design: domain-specific languages; interoperability; concurrency, parallelism and distribution; modules; functional languages; reactive languages; languages with objects; languages for quantum computing; languages inspired by biological and chemical computation; metaprogramming. 
  Declarative languages in artificial intelligence: logic programming; database languages; knowledge representation languages; probabilistic languages; differentiable languages. 
  Implementations: abstract machines; interpreters; compilation; compile-time and run-time optimization; memory management. 
  Foundations: types; logical frameworks; monads and effects; semantics. 
  Analysis and Transformation: partial evaluation; abstract interpretation; control flow; data flow; information flow; termination analysis; resource analysis; type inference and type checking; verification; validation; debugging; testing. 
  Tools and Applications: programming and proof environments; verification tools; case studies in proof assistants or interactive theorem provers; certification; novel applications of declarative programming inside and outside of CS; declarative programming pearls; practical experience reports and industrial application; education. 
  The PC chair will be happy to advise on the appropriateness of a topic.  
 PPDP 2023 will be held in Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal. Previous symposia were held at Tbilisi (Georgia)  , Tallinn (Estonia)  , Bologna (Italy)  , Porto (Portugal)  , Frankfurt am Main (Germany)  , Namur (Belgium)  , Edinburgh (UK)  , Siena (Italy)  , Canterbury (UK)  , Madrid (Spain)  , Leuven (Belgium)  , Odense (Denmark)  , Hagenberg (Austria)  , Coimbra (Portugal)  , Valencia (Spain)  , Wroclaw (Poland)  , Venice (Italy)  , Lisboa (Portugal)  , Verona (Italy)  , Uppsala (Sweden)  , Pittsburgh (USA)  , Florence (Italy)  , Montréal (Canada)  , and Paris (France)  .  

  Registration  

  Registration for PPDP 2023 is available at the SPLASH 2023 website   

  Invited Speakers  

  Delia Kesner  ,Université Paris Cité (IRIF), France  
   
  Embedding Quantitative Properties of Call-by-Name and Call-by-Value in a Unifying Framework.  This talk explores how the (untyped and typed) theories of Call-by-Name (CBN)and Call-by-Value (CBV) can be unified in a more general framework provided by a Call-by-Push-Value (CBPV) like calculus. Indeed, we first present an untyped calculus, called lambda-bang, which encodes untyped CNB and CBV, both from a static and a dynamic point of view. We then explore these encodings in a typed framework, specified by quantitative (aka non-idempotent intersection) types. Three different (quantitative) properties are discussed. The first one is related to upper bounds for reduction lengths, the second one concerns exact measures for reduction lengths and sizes of normal forms, and the last one is about the inhabitation problem. In all these cases, explained and discussed in the talk, the (quantitative) property for CBN/CBV is inherited from the corresponding one in the lambda-bang calculus.  

  Maribel Fernández  , King's College London, UK (joint with LOPSTR  and sponsored by ALP  )   
   
  Unification modulo equational theories in languages with binding operators.  Unification (i.e., solving equations between terms) is a key step in the implementation of logic programming languages and theorem provers, and is also used in type inference algorithms for functional languages and as a mechanism to analyse rewrite-based specifications (e.g., to find critical pairs). Matching is a version of unification in which only one of the terms in the equation can be instantiated. Often, operators satisfy equational axioms (e.g., associativity, commutativity), which must be taken into account during the unification or matching process. In addition, when the expressions to be unified involve binding operators (as is the case when representing programs, logics, computation models, etc.), unification and matching algorithms must take into account the alpha-equivalence relation generated by the binders. In this talk, we present matching and unification algorithms for languages that include binding operators as well as operators that satisfy equational axioms, such as associativity and commutativity.  

  Program  
  
  Times in the schedule are WEST  (Western European Summer Time), i.e., local to Cascais.  
  
 Sunday 22 October 2023 
 08:55 - 09:00 | Opening of PPDP 
 Session 1 
 09:00 - 09:30 | A Calculus of Delayed Reductions  Steffen van Bakel, Nicolas Wu and Emma Tye 
 09:30 - 10:00 | Typed Equivalence of Labeled Effect Handlers and Labeled Delimited Control Operators  Kazuki Ikemori, Youyou Cong and Hidehiko Masuhara 
 10:00 - 10:30 | Comprehending queries over finite maps  Wilmer Ricciotti 
 10:30 - 11:00 | Coffee Break 
 Session 2 
 11:00 - 12:30 | Invited talk: Delia Kesner   
  Embedding Quantitative Properties of Call-by-Name and Call-by-Value in a Unifying Framework 
 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Break 
 Session 3 
 14:00 - 15:30 | 10-Year Most Influential Paper Talk   
  Coq: the world's best macro assembler?  Andrew Kennedy, Nick Benton, Jonas B. Jensen, and Pierre-Evariste Dagand 
 15:30 - 16:00 | Coffee Break 
 Session 4 
 16:00 - 16:30 | Type-directed Program Transformation for Constant-Time Enforcement  Gautier Raimondi, Frédéric Besson and Thomas Jensen 
 16:30 - 17:00 | Data-Dependent Confidentiality in DCR Graphs  Eduardo Geraldo, João Costa Seco and Thomas Hildebrandt 

 Monday 23 October 2023 
 Session 5 
 09:00 - 09:30 | Multicompatibility for Multiparty-Session Composition  Franco Barbanera, Mariangiola Dezani-Ciancaglini, Lorenzo Gheri and Nobuko Yoshida 
 09:30 - 10:00 | Termination in Concurrency, Revisited  Joseph Paulus, Daniele Nantes-Sobrinho and Jorge A. Perez 
 10:00 - 10:30 | Polymorphic Typestate for Session Types  Hannes Saffrich and Peter Thiemann 
 10:30 - 11:00 | Coffee Break 
 Session 6 
 11:10 - 12:10 | Invited talk (joint with LOPSTR): Maribel Fernández   
  Unification modulo equational theories in languages with binding operators 
 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Break 
 Session 7 
 14:00 - 14:30 | Strongly-Typed Multi-View Stack-Based Computations  Pieter Koopman and Mart Lubbers 
 14:30 - 15:00 | Closure Conversion in Little Pieces  Zachary J. Sullivan, Paul Downen and Zena M. Ariola 
 15:00 - 15:30 | Additive Cellular Automata Graded-Monadically  Silvio Capobianco and Tarmo Uustalu 
 15:30 - 16:00 | Coffee Break 
 Session 8 
 16:00 - 16:30 | Intuitionistic Metric Temporal Logic  Luiz de Sá, Bernardo Toninho and Frank Pfenning 
 16:30 - 17:00 | stablekanren: Integrating Stable Model Semantics with miniKanren  Xiangyu Guo, James Smith and Ajay Bansal 
 17:00 - 17:05 | Closing of PPDP 

  Accepted Papers  

  Steffen van Bakel, Nicolas Wu and Emma Tye. | A Calculus of Delayed Reductions | . 
  Franco Barbanera, Mariangiola Dezani-Ciancaglini, Lorenzo Gheri and Nobuko Yoshida. | Multicompatibility for Multiparty-Session Composition | . 
  Joseph Paulus, Daniele Nantes-Sobrinho and Jorge A. Pérez. | Termination in Concurrency, Revisited | . 
  Kazuki Ikemori, Youyou Cong and Hidehiko Masuhara. | Typed Equivalence of Labeled Effect Handlers and Labeled Delimited Control Operators | . 
  Xiangyu Guo, James Smith and Ajay Bansal. | stablekanren: Integrating Stable Model Semantics with miniKanren | . 
  Gautier Raimondi, Frédéric Besson and Thomas Jensen. | Type-directed Program Transformation for Constant-Time Enforcement | . 
  Eduardo Geraldo, João Costa Seco and Thomas Hildebrandt. | Data-Dependent Confidentiality in DCR Graphs | . 
  Wilmer Ricciotti. | Comprehending queries over finite maps | . 
  Luiz de Sá, Bernardo Toninho and Frank Pfenning. | Intuitionistic Metric Temporal Logic | . 
  Zachary J. Sullivan, Paul Downen and Zena M. Ariola. | Closure Conversion in Little Pieces | . 
  Pieter Koopman and Mart Lubbers. | Strongly-Typed Multi-View Stack-Based Computations | . 
  Hannes Saffrich and Peter Thiemann. | Polymorphic Typestate for Session Types | . 
  Silvio Capobianco and Tarmo Uustalu. | Additive Cellular Automata Graded-Monadically | . 

  Program Committee  

  Salvador Abreu  , NOVA LINCS / University of Evora, Portugal  
  Beniamino Accattoli  , Inria & LIX, École Polytechnique, France  
  Maria Paola Bonacina  , Università degli Studi di Verona, Italy  
  Santiago Escobar  , Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain (chair)   
  Mário Florido  , Universidade do Porto, Portugal  
  Silvia Ghilezan  , University of Novi Sad and SANU, Serbia  
  Michael Hanus  , University of Kiel, Germany  
  Ekaterina Komendantskaya  , Heriot-Watt University, UK  
  Ugo de'Liguoro  , Università di Torino, Italy  
  Alberto Lluch Lafuente  , Technical University of Denmark, Denmark  
  Georg Moser  , University of Innsbruck, Austria  
  Daniele Nantes-Sobrinho  , University of Brasília, Brazil  
  Vivek Nigam  , Huawei Technologies Düsseldorf GmbH, Germany  
  Kazuhiro Ogata  , Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (JAIST), Japan  
  Carlos Olarte  , LIPN, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, France  
  Giselle Reis  , Carnegie Mellon University, Qatar  
  Adrián Riesco  , Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain  
  Julia Sapiña  , Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  

  Important Dates  

  15.05.2023  - AoE title and abstract submission  
  22.05.2023  - AoE paper submission  
  06.07.2023  to 07.07.2023  - Rebuttal period (48 hours)  
  16.07.2023  - Notification  
  30.07.2023  - Final paper  
  22.10.2023  - Conference starts  

  Call for Papers  

  The Call for Papers can be found here   

  Submission Categories & Guidelines  

  Submission page is available via EasyChair  .  
  
  Selected papers will be invited to the Journal of Functional Programming (JFP) or the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP).  
  
  Submission Categories  
 Submissions can be made in three categories: regular Research Papers  , System Descriptions  , and Experience Reports  .  
 Submissions of Research Papers  must present original research which is unpublished and not submitted elsewhere. They must not exceed 12 pages ACM style 2-column (including figures, but excluding bibliography). Work that already appeared in unpublished or informally published workshop proceedings may be submitted (please contact the PC chair in case of questions). Research papers will be judged on originality, significance, correctness, clarity, and readability.  
 Submission of System Descriptions  must describe a working system whose description has not been published or submitted elsewhere. They must not exceed 10 pages and should contain a link to a working system. System Descriptions must be marked as such at the time of submission and will be judged on originality, significance usefulness, clarity, and readability.  
 Submissions of Experience Reports  are meant to help create a body of published, refereed, citable evidence where declarative programming such as functional, logic, answer-set, constraint programming, etc., is used in practice. They must not exceed 5 pages including references  . Experience Reports must be marked as such at the time of submission and need not report original research results. They will be judged on significance usefulness, clarity, and readability.  
 Possible topics for an Experience Report include, but are not limited to:  
 insights gained from real-world projects using declarative programming 
  comparison of declarative programming with conventional programming in the context of an industrial project or a university curriculum 
  curricular issues encountered when using declarative programming in education 
  real-world constraints that created special challenges for an implementation of a declarative language or for declarative programming in general 
  novel use of declarative programming in the classroom 
  programming pearl that illustrates a nifty new data structure or programming technique. 
  Supplementary material may be provided via a link to an extended version of the submission (recommended), or in a clearly marked appendix beyond the above-mentioned page limits. Reviewers are not required to study extended versions or any material beyond the respective page limit. Material beyond the page limit will not be included in the final published version.  
 Format of a submission  
 For each paper category, you must use the most recent version of the "Current ACM Master Template" which is available at https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  . The most recent version at the time of writing is 1.75. You must use the LaTeX sigconf proceedings template as the conference organizers are unable to process final submissions in other formats. Authors should note ACM's statement on author's rights  which apply to final papers. Submitted papers should meet the requirements of ACM's plagiarism policy  .  
 Requirements for publication  
 At least one author of each accepted submission will be expected to attend and present the work at the conference. The pc chair may retract a paper that is not presented. The pc chair may also retract a paper if complaints about the paper's correctness are raised which cannot be resolved by the final paper deadline.  
 Review process  
 The reviewing is single-blind.   

  Proceedings  

  The PPDP 2023 proceedings are available here   

  Contact  

 Program Committee Chair  
  
  Santiago Escobar   
  Universitat Politècnica de València   
  Email: sescobar@upv.es   
    
 Steering Committee Chair  
  
  James Cheney   
  University of Edinburgh   
  Email: jcheney@inf.ed.ac.uk   

  In Cooperation with

7. PPDP_1 conference:
========================= PPDP 2023 Call for Papers ========================= 25th International Symposium on Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming 22-23 October 2023, Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal https://ppdp2023.webs.upv.es Part of SPLASH 2023 and co-located with LOPSTR 2023 =================================== News - PPDP 2023 is In-Cooperation with ACM, SIGPLAN, and SIGLOG. - PPDP 2023 has received both ACM In-Cooperation Status and publication in ACM ICPS. - Selected papers invited to the Journal of Functional Programming (JFP) or the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP) =================================== Important Dates --------------------- - 15.05.2023 AoE title and abstract submission - 22.05.2023 AoE paper submission - 28.06.2023 rebuttal period (48 hours) - 09.07.2023 notification - 30.07.2023 final paper - 22.10.2023 conference starts About PPDP ---------- The PPDP symposium brings together researchers from the declarative programming communities, including those working in the functional, logic, answer-set, and constraint handling programming paradigms. The goal is to stimulate research in the use of logical formalisms and methods for analyzing, performing, specifying, and reasoning about computations, including mechanisms for concurrency, security, static analysis, and verification. Scope ----- Submissions are invited on all topics related to declarative programming, from principles to practice, from foundations to applications. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to - Language Design: domain-specific languages; interoperability; concurrency, parallelism and distribution; modules; functional languages; reactive languages; languages with objects; languages for quantum computing; languages inspired by biological and chemical computation; metaprogramming. - Declarative languages in artificial intelligence: logic programming; database languages; knowledge representation languages; probabilistic languages; differentiable languages. - Implementations: abstract machines; interpreters; compilation; compile-time and run-time optimization; memory management. - Foundations: types; logical frameworks; monads and effects; semantics. - Analysis and Transformation: partial evaluation; abstract interpretation; control flow; data flow; information flow; termination analysis; resource analysis; type inference and type checking; verification; validation; debugging; testing. - Tools and Applications: programming and proof environments; verification tools; case studies in proof assistants or interactive theorem provers; certification; novel applications of declarative programming inside and outside of CS; declarative programming pearls; practical experience reports and industrial application; education. The PC chair will be happy to advise on the appropriateness of a topic. Submission web page --------------------- https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ppdp2023 Submission Categories --------------------- PPDP 2023 has received both ACM In-Cooperation Status and publication in ACM ICPS. Submissions can be made in three categories: Â - Research Papers, Â - System Descriptions, Â - Experience Reports. Submissions of Research Papers must present original research which is unpublished and not submitted elsewhere. They must not exceed 12 pages (including figures, but excluding bibliography). Work that already appeared in unpublished or informally published workshop proceedings may be submitted (please contact the PC chair in case of questions). Research papers will be judged on originality, significance, correctness, clarity, and readability. Submission of System Descriptions must describe a working system whose description has not been published or submitted elsewhere. They must not exceed 10 pages (including figures, but excluding bibliography) and should contain a link to a working system. System Descriptions must be marked as such at the time of submission and will be judged on originality, significance, usefulness, clarity, and readability. Submissions of Experience Reports are meant to help create a body of published, refereed, citable evidence where declarative programming such as functional, logic, answer-set, constraint programming, etc., is used in practice. They must not exceed 5 pages including references.Â Experience Reports must be marked as such at the time of submission and need not report original research results. They will be judged on significance, usefulness, clarity, and readability. Supplementary material may be provided via a link to an extended version of the submission (recommended), or in clearly marked appendices beyond the above-mentioned page limits. Reviewers are not required to read extended versions or any material beyond the respective page limit. Some selected papers may be invited for publication in either the Journal of Functional Programming (JFP) or the Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP). Authors of selected papers will be invited to revise and/or extend their submissions to be considered for publication, according to the standard reviewing process of the journal. Program Committee ------------------ Salvador Abreu, NOVA LINCS / University of Evora, Portugal Beniamino Accattoli, Inria & LIX, Ã‰cole Polytechnique, France Maria Paola Bonacina, UniversitÃ degli Studi di Verona, Italy Santiago Escobar, Universitat PolitÃ¨cnica de ValÃ¨ncia, Spain (chair) MÃ¡rio Florido, Universidade do Porto, Portugal Silvia Ghilezan, University of Novi Sad and SANU, Serbia Michael Hanus, University of Kiel, Germany Ekaterina Komendantskaya, Heriot-Watt University, UK Ugo de'Liguoro, UniversitÃ di Torino, Italy Alberto Lluch Lafuente, Technical University of Denmark, Denmark Georg Moser, University of Innsbruck, Austria Daniele Nantes-Sobrinho, University of BrasÃ­lia, Brazil Vivek Nigam, Huawei Technologies DÃ¼sseldorf GmbH, Germany Kazuhiro Ogata, Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (JAIST), Japan Carlos Olarte, LIPN, UniversitÃ© Sorbonne Paris Nord, France Giselle Reis, Carnegie Mellon University, Qatar AdriÃ¡n Riesco, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain Julia SapiÃ±a, Universitat PolitÃ¨cnica de ValÃ¨ncia, Spain ------------------------------------------------------------------ Program committee chair: Santiago Escobar, Universitat Politecnica de Valencia, Spain Steering committee chair: James Cheney, Edinburgh University, UK ------------------------------------------------------------------

8. RC_0 conference:
RC 2023    
 15th International Conference on   
  Reversible Computation (RC)   
  July 18 - July 19, 2023, Giessen, Germany    
   
 Home 
  Registration 
  Accepted Papers 
  Invited Talks 
  Programme 
  Venue 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Programme Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Previous Editions 
  Contact 

 Home   
 Welcome to the  
  15th Conference on Reversible Computation  
 Pandemic/International Situation  
 The 2023 edition of RC is planned as an on-site, in-person event.  
 July 18 - July 19 , 2023, Giessen, Germany  
 The Conference on Reversible Computation will bring together researchers from computer science, mathematics, engineering, and physics to discuss new developments and directions for future research in the emerging area of Reversible Computation. This particularly includes applications of reversibility in quantum computation. Research papers, tool demonstrations and work-in-progress reports are within the scope of the conference.  
 Previous editions of this event took place as workshops in York (2009), Bremen (2010), Gent (2011), Copenhagen (2012), and as conference in Victoria (2013), Kyoto (2014), Grenoble (2015), Bologna (2016), Kolkata (2017), Leicester (2018), Lausanne (2019), Oslo (2020), Nagoya (2021), and Urbino (2022).  
 The conference proceedings (Springer LNCS 13690)  are available for a period of 4 weeks to the conference participants.  

 Important dates :   
   
  Abstract submission:  
  February 13th, 2023 AOE (extended and strict)  
   
  Submission deadline:  
  February 20th, 2023 AOE (extended and strict)  
   
  Notification to authors:  
  April 10th, 2023  
   
  Final version:  
  May 1st, 2023  
   
  Conference:  
  July 18th - July 19th, 2023  

 Program Chairs:   
   
  Martin Kutrib  
  Justus-Liebig-University Giessen, Germany   
   
  Uwe Meyer  
  Technische Hochschule Mittelhessen (University of Applied Sciences) Giessen, Germany    

 Impress  | Contact

9. Ada-Europe_2 conference:
Skip to main content          

 About | Objectives 
  Partners 
  Industrial Advisory Board 
  Equality and Diversity 
  Software Ecosystem 
  Media | News & Press releases 
  Events 
  Press clippings 
  Branding 
  Videos 
  Use Cases 
  Results | Deliverables 
  Publications 
  Key Exploitable Results 
  Demos 
  Contact 

  Menu    
 Search   Search       

   Events  

  ADA-EUROPE 2023   
    
 13 June 2023 -    
 16 June 2023 -    
 Lisbon, Portugal   
 The AMPERE project will count with significant participation at the 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023). Partners from BOSCH, ISEP and BSC will participate via industrial and journal track sessions.  
 Ada-Europe is a leading international forum for providers, practitioners and researchers in reliable software technologies. Conference presentations include work in theory and practice of the design, development and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. AMPERE project contributions will focus on real-time systems and domain applications.  
 14 June 2023 | , Presentation during | Session 3: Reliability and performance | "Towards Reliable Distributed Edge-Cloud Applications" Michael Pressler, Dirk Ziegenbein, Arne Hamann (BOSCH) 
  15 June 2023 | , Presentation during | Session 6: Real-time systems | "Time-Predictable Task-to-Thread Mapping in Multi Core Processors" Mohammad Samadi, Sara Royuela, Luis Miguel Pinho, Tiago Carvalho, Eduardo Quiñones (ISEP and BSC) 
  "Fine-grained adaptive parallelism for automotive systems through AMALTHEA and OpenMP" Adrian Munera, Sara Royuela, Michael Pressler, Harald Mackamul, Dirk Ziegenbein, Eduardo Quiñones (BSC and BOSCH) 
  Co-located with the 27th Ada-Europe: Challenges and New Approaches for Dependable and Cyber-Physical System Engineering  
 16 June, | Presentation during | Session 2: Non-functional properties | "Multi-criteria analysis and optimisation in the AMPERE ecosystem" Sara Royuela, Eduardo Quiñones, Adrian Munera, Tiago Carvalho, Luis Miguel Pinho, Mohammad Samadi, Tommaso Cucinotta, Gabriele Ara, F. Paldino, Sergio Mazzola, Thomas Benz 
  For more information about the event and to see the program visit: http://www.ada-europe.org/conference2023/overview.html  .  

 < prev 
   next > 
  33 of | 35 

 This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 871669. Legal Notice    

 About | Objectives 
  Partners 
  Industrial Advisory Board 
  Equality and Diversity 
  Software Ecosystem 
  Media | News & Press releases 
  Events 
  Press clippings 
  Branding 
  Videos 
  Use Cases 
  Results | Deliverables 
  Publications 
  Key Exploitable Results 
  Demos 
  Contact

10. RC_1 conference:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.

11. PPDP_2 conference:
Skip to content  About | Founding Chair Statement 
  Bylaws of SIGLOG 
  News 
  People 
  Conferences | SIGLOG’s Diversity Policy 
  SIGLOG In-Cooperation Proposal 
  SIGLOG Sponsorship Proposal 
  SIGLOG Conference Anti-Harassment Policy 
  Conferences 
  Awards | Alonzo Church Award 
  Publications | CACM Research Highlights 
  SIGLOG Monthly / LICS Newsletters 
  Membership 

 Conferences  
  
 As part of its activities, ACM SIGLOG has two types of relationship with conferences and workshops: sponsorship  and in-cooperation  .  
 SIGLOG Sponsored Conferences  
 Symposium on Logic in Computer Science ( | LICS | ) 
  SIGLOG In-cooperation Conferences  
 51st ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages ( | POPL 2024 | ). 
  26th International Symposium on Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming ( | PPDP 2024 | ). 
  9th Logic Mentoring Workshop ( | LMW 2023 | ). 
  25th International Symposium on Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming ( | PPDP 2023 | ). 
  PhDs in Logic ( | XIV edition | ). 
  29th international Conference on Automated Deduction ( | CADE-29 | ). 
  7th International Workshop “Women in Logic” ( | WiL 2023 | ) 
  50th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages ( | POPL 2023 | ) 
   Previous editions  
 2022  
 24th International Symposium on Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming ( | PPDP 2022 | ) 
  7th International Conference on Formal Structures for Computation and Deduction ( | FSCD 2022 | ) 
  Certified Programs and Proofs ( | CPP 2022 | ) 
  28th International Conference on Automated Deduction ( | CADE-28 | ) 
  2021  
 6th International Conference on Formal Structures for Computation and Deduction ( | FSCD 2021 | ) 
  48th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages ( | POPL 2021 | ) 
  23rd International Symposium on Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming ( | PPDP 2021 | ) 
  2020 and before  
 5th International Conference on Formal Structures for Computation and Deduction ( | FSCD 2020 | ) 
  3rd School on Foundations of Programming and Software Systems ( | FoPPS 2019 | ) 
  46th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages ( | POPL 2019 | ) 
  44th International Symposium on Mathematical Foundations of Computer Science ( | MFCS | ) 
  Logic in Computer Science ( | LICS 2019 | ) 
  Certified Programs and Proofs ( | CPP 2017 | ) 
  Algebra and Coalgebra in Computer Science ( | CALCO2017 | ) 
  Mathematical Foundations of Programming Semantics ( | MFPSXXXIII | ) 
  Workshop on Logic Language Information and Computation ( | WoLLIC 2017 | ) 
  International Joint Conference on Rules and Reasoning ( | RuleML+RR 2017 | ) 
  Formal Structures for Computation and Deduction ( | FSCD 2017 | ) 
  1st Conference Formal Structures for Computation and Deduction ( | FSCD’16 | ) 
  6th Conference on Algebra and Coalgebra in Computer Science ( | CALCO’15 | ) 
  Mathematical Foundations of Programming Semantics XXXI ( | MFPS XXXI | ) 

 Search for:      
   
 Join SIGLOG!  
 Join SIGLOG | here! 
  Read the Founding Chair Statement | here! 
  Download the newsletters | here! 

 News  

 Newsletter October 2024 
  Newsletter July 2024 
  Winner of the 2024 Alonzo Church Award 
  Newsletter April 2024 
  Newsletter January 2024 

 ACM Special Interest Group on Logic and Computation   

 Forestly  Theme | Powered by Wordpress

12. Ada-Europe_3 conference:
Home 
  Ada Advantages 
  Learn Ada 
  Resources 
  ARA Community 

 Site Map  | Contact Us    
 Ada Resource Association   
 News and resource for the Ada programming language  

 Past Events  
 Event | Ada-Europe 2024   
 Barcelona, Spain Jun 11-14, 2024    The 28th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) will take place in Lisbon, Portugal. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development, and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. The program will allow ample time for keynotes, Q&A sessions and discussions, and social events. Participants include practitioners and researchers from industry, academia, and government organizations active in the promotion and development of reliable software technologies. | More Info 
  Event | Ada-Europe 2023   
 Lisbon, Portugal Jun 13-16, 2023    The 27th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2023) will take place in Lisbon, Portugal. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development, and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. Participants include practitioners and researchers from industry, academia, and government organizations active in the promotion and development of reliable software technologies. | More Info 
  Event | Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education   
 Toronto, Ontario, Canada Mar 15-18, 2023    The Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education is organized by the ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE). The SIGCSE Technical Symposium addresses problems common among educators working to develop, implement and/or evaluate computing programs, curricula, and courses. | More Info 
  Event | Embedded World 2023   
 Nuremburg Germany Mar 14-18, 2023    The Embedded World Exhibition & Conference provides a global platform and a place to meet for the entire embedded community. ARA Sponsors PTC and AdaCore will be exhibiting at the conference. Visit PTC’s event page at https://www.ptc.com/en/events/ptc-embedded-world-2023-event  . | More Info 
  Event | HILT 2022 – Supporting a Rigorous Approach to Software Development   
 Detroit, Michigan Oct 14, 2022    The seventh ACM workshop on High Integrity Language Technology (ACM HILT 2022) is being held on October 14, 2022 in Detroit, MI in conjunction with the 2022 Automated Software Engineering conference (ASE’22), sponsored by SIGAda. This year’s HILT theme is Language and Tool Support for Rigorous Software Development. There will be have 9 presentations plus two keynotes related to this theme. Our keynote speakers are K. Rustan M. Leino, the creator of the Dafny verifiable language and the Boogie system supporting major industrial uses of formal methods, and Niko Matsakis, one of the original members of the Rust design team, talking about a-mir-formality, a more formal model of Rust. | More Info 
  Event | Ada-Europe 2022   
 Ghent, Belgium Jun 14-17, 2022    The 26th Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2022) will take place in Ghent, Belgium, in the week of 14-17 June, in dual mode, with a solid core of in-presence activities accompanied by digital support for remote participation. The conference schedule comprises a journal track, an industrial track, a work-in-progress track, a vendor exhibition, parallel tutorials, and satellite workshops. | More Info 
  Event | Ada-Europe 2021   
 Virtual (was Santander Spain) Jun 7-11, 2021    The 25 Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2021 aka Ada-Europe 2021), initially scheduled to take place in Santander, Spain, will be held online from the 7th to the 11th of June, 2021. The conference schedule includes a technical program, vendor exhibition and parallel tutorials and workshops.  
   
  The conference is a leading international forum for providers, practitioners and researchers in reliable software technologies. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development and maintenance of long-lived high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. The program will have keynotes, Q&A sessions and discussions, and virtual social events. Participants include practitioners and researchers from industry, academia and government organizations active in the promotion and development of reliable software technologies. | More Info 
  Event | High Integrity Software conference   
 Virtual Nov 17, 2020    The development of high integrity software-based systems is always challenging, and in current times it is an engineering discipline that has had to respond rapidly to a changing global environment. In this context, innovation has become even more essential as we respond to changes in the ways we work, changes in the tools we use on a day-to-day basis, and adapt the technologies we produce as we respond rapidly to changing market demands. This conference has three speakers will present their own perspectives on these challenges – the lessons learned and how the situation will evolve for their organizations as we move forwards. | More Info 
  Event | HILT 2020 Workshop on Safe Languages and Technologies for Structured and Efficient Parallel and Distributed/Cloud Computing.   
 Virtual (was Chicago IL) Nov 16-17, 2020    This is the sixth in the HILT series of conferences and workshops, sponsored by ACM SIGAda, focused on the use of High Integrity Language Technology to address challenging issues in the engineering of highly complex critical software systems. High Integrity Language Technologies have been tackling the challenges of building efficient, safe, reliable software for decades. Critical software as a domain is quickly expanding beyond embedded real-time control applications to the increasing reliance on complex software for the basic functioning of businesses, governments, and society in general. HILT 2020 will focus on the growing importance of large-scale, highly parallel, distributed and/or cloud applications. Single-thread performance is reaching the limits of physics, and this has driven growth in parallel programming, massively distributed systems, and heterogeneous/ accelerated computing models. Once the domain of high-performance computing experts, parallel, distributed, and cloud computing are becoming fundamental technologies for all programmers. This workshop seeks to explore ways High Integrity Language Technologies can bring the capabilities of parallelism, distribution, and heterogeneity to a wider audience, without the associated increase in complexity. | More Info 
  Event | Ada-Europe 2020   
 Santander, Spain Jun 8-12, 2020    The 25 Ada-Europe International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies (AEiC 2020 aka Ada-Europe 2020) will take place in Santander, Spain. The conference is a leading international forum for providers, practitioners and researchers in reliable software technologies. The conference presentations will illustrate current work in the theory and practice of the design, development and maintenance of long-lived, high-quality software systems for a challenging variety of application domains. ** Canceled, due to the COVID-19 Pandemic. ** | More Info 
  previous  1  2  3  4  5  6  next    
   
 Press 
  Articles 
  Events 
  Filter by Type  
 Event 
  Webinar 

 ARA Sponsor Spotlight  
  View All Sponsors     

 Ada Advantages   
 Ada 2022 
  Ada Overview 
  More Topics of Interest 
  Features & Benefits 
  Ada Comparison Chart 
  Ada 2012 
  Ada 2005 
  SPARK Ada 
  Ada and Multicore 
  Case Studies 
  Ada Projects 
    
 Ada Projects   
  
 Learn Ada   
 Learning Materials 
  Professional Training 
  Ada in Academia 
    
 Resources   
 Ada Standards 
  Free Tools & Libraries 
  Professional Tools and Services 
  Associations 
  Ada on the Web 
    
 ARA Community   
 Compilers and Conformity 
  Join the ARA 
  ARA Press Releases 

 Copyright © 2009-2024 Ada Resource Association Site Map  | Contact Us

13. RC_2 conference:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.

14. RC_3 conference:
RC 2022    
 14th International Conference on   
  Reversible Computation (RC)   
  July 5 - July 6, 2022, Urbino, Italy    
   
 Home 
  Accepted Papers 
  Invited Talks 
  Programme 
  Venue 
  Call For Papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Programme Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Previous Editions 
  Contact 

 Home   
 Welcome to the  
  14th Conference on Reversible Computation  
 Pandemic/International Situation  
 This year edition of RC is planned as an on-site, in-person event, with "certain" support for remote presence, both for speakers and for other participants who are unable or unwilling to come.  
 July 5 - July 6 , 2022, Urbino, Italy  
 The Conference on Reversible Computation will bring together researchers from computer science, mathematics, engineering, and physics to discuss new developments and directions for future research in the emerging area of Reversible Computation. This particularly includes applications of reversibility in quantum computation. Research papers, tool demonstrations and work-in-progress reports are within the scope of the conference.  
 All accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings and published by Springer as a Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) volume.  
 Previous editions of this event took place as workshop in York (2009), Bremen (2010), Gent (2011), Copenhagen (2012), and as conference in Victoria (2013), Kyoto (2014), Grenoble (2015), Bologna (2016), Kolkata (2017), Leicester (2018), Lausanne (2019), Oslo (2020), and Nagoya (2021).  
 Registration Form  
 The early registration fee is 230 euros. One author per paper has to register. The registration has to be done in 2 steps:  
 Fill in the | Registration Form 
  After filling the form you will recive (in 5 days) a payment order from the Italian Public Admisistration (PagoPA) 
  Online Attendance Form  
 To attend (freely) online the conference please fill in the following form  
 Fill in the | Online Registration Form 
  After filling the form you will recive an email the the link to a zoom meeting 
  Accepted Papers  
 List of accepted papers   
 Link to the proceedings  LNCS 13354   
 Special Issue  
 Selected papers will be invited to a special issue on the Journal of Logical and Algebraic Methods in Programming ( JLAMP  )  
 Link to the special issue  JLAMP 136   
 Next Edition  
 RC2023 will take place in Giessen, Germany. For more information RC2023   

 Important dates :   
   
  Abstract submission:  
  February 28, 2022 (EXTENDED)   
   
  Submission deadline:  
  February 28, 2022 (EXTENDED)   
   
  Notification to authors:  
  April 10, 2022 (EXTENDED)   
   
  Final version:  
  April 25, 2022  
   
  Conference:  
  July 5 - July 6, 2022  

 Program Chairs:   
   
  Claudio Antares Mezzina  
  University of Urbino, Italy   
   
  Krzysztof Podlaski  
  University of Łódź, Poland    
 Sponsors:      

 Impress  | Contact

15. RV_0 conference:
CFP  KEYNOTES  COMMITTEES  PROCEEDINGS  PROGRAM  AWARDS  VENUE  ACCOMMODATION  REGISTRATION    

 23rd International Conference on Runtime Verification  
 3 - 6 October 2023, Thessaloniki, Greece  
 CALL FOR PAPERS    

 Thessaloniki  

 The 23rd International Conference on Runtime Verification (RV'23) will take place in Thessaloniki, Greece, on October 3 - 6, 2023.  
 News  
 📣 RV’23 program is now online  .  
  Social dinner (October 5th) options - Participants fill in the form  .   
 📣 RV’23 Special Issue: A Special Issue on RV’23 has been planned in the International Journal on Software Tools for Technology Transfer (STTT)  with extended versions of the best regular papers.   
 📣 RV’23 Keynote talk  : Monitoring of Learning-Enabled Components  , Saddek Bensalem, Universirsité Grenoble Alpes.   
 📣 RV’23 Keynote talk  : Compositional Verification and Run-time Monitoring for Learning-Enabled Autonomous Systems  , Corina Pasareanu, NASA Ames.   
 Objectives and Scope  
 Runtime verification is concerned with the monitoring and analysis of the runtime behaviour of software and hardware systems. Runtime verification techniques are crucial for system correctness, reliability, and robustness; they provide an additional level of rigor and effectiveness compared to conventional testing and are generally more practical than exhaustive formal verification. Runtime verification can be used prior to deployment, for testing verification, and debugging purposes, and after deployment for ensuring reliability, safety, and security and for providing fault containment and recovery as well as online system repair. The topics of the conference include, but are not limited to: specification languages for monitoring 
  monitor construction techniques 
  program instrumentation 
  logging, recording, and replay 
  combination of static and dynamic analysis 
  specification mining and machine learning over runtime traces 
  monitoring techniques for concurrent and distributed systems 
  runtime checking of privacy and security policies 
  metrics and statistical information gathering 
  program/system execution visualization 
  fault localization, containment, resilience, recovery and repair 
  systems with learning-enabled components 
  dynamic type checking and assurance cases 
  runtime verification for autonomy and runtime assurance 
  Application areas of runtime verification include cyber-physical systems, autonomous systems safety/mission critical systems, enterprise and systems software, cloud systems, reactive control systems, health management and diagnosis systems, and system security and privacy.  
 Please see the Call for Papers  for more details.  
 The RV 2023 conference is sponsored by:  

 IMPORTANT DATES  
  
 Paper submission: | May 15, 2023 | 4 June 2023 AoE 
  Author notification: | June 30, 2023 | 7 July 2023 AoE 
  Camera-ready version: Jul 30, 2023 AoE 
  Early/Author Registration: Aug 15, 2023 AoE 
  Conference date: Oct 3-6, 2023 

 SUBMISSIONS  
 There are four categories of papers which can be submitted (page limits excluding references):  
 Regular Papers: | up to 16 pages | extended to 18 pages 
  Short Papers: | up to 8 pages | extended to 10 pages 
  Tool Demonstration | Papers: up to 8 pages | extended to 10 pages 
  Benchmark Papers: | up to 8 pages | extended to 10 pages 
  Tutorial Papers: up to 20 pages 
  Papers may be submitted using the EasyChair submission page here  .  Submissions are closed.   
   
 PROGRAM CHAIRS  
 Laura Nenzi  , University of Trieste, Italy  
 Panagiotis Katsaros  , Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece  
   
 LOCAL CHAIR  
 Panagiotis Katsaros  , Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece  

 Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece 2023

16. RoVISP_0 conference:
Skip to content         

 Home 
  Information | Menu Toggle | About 
  Topic 
  Committee 
  Venue 
  Deadlines 
  Publication 
  Registration 
  Submission 
  Contact us 

 Main Menu            

 About 
  Accommodation 
  Best Paper Award 
  Call for Reviewer 
  Closing Video and Best Paper Award 
  Committee 
  Contact Us 
  Contact Us 
  Deadline 
  Home 
  Informations 
  Projects 
  Publication 
  Publications 
  Registration 
  Submission 
  Topics 
  Video preparation 
  Virtual Conference Room 
  Webex Tutorial 

 The 13th International Conference  

 on Robotics, Vision, Signal Processing, and Power Applications   

 2 - 3 September 2025  

 Venue: Penang, Malaysia  
  (exact venue will be announced soon)     

 days   
 2   
 7   
 5   
   
 hours   
 0   
 9   
   
 minutes   
 3   
 5   
   
 seconds   
 0   
 6   

 About the conference  

 International Conference on Robotics, Vision, Signal Processing and Power Applications (RoViSP) has been routinely organized by School of Electrical & Electronic Engineering, Universiti Sains Malaysia (USM) since 1994 (known as Robotics, Vision & Parallel Processing for Industrial Automation, ROVPIA). The conference has been a place for researchers, scientists, engineers, academicians, students and industrial professional to present and exchange research findings and activities.  

 Topics  

 Prospective authors are invited to submit paper on the following topics in English of 4-6 pages in length including figures, tables, and references.  

   Robotics, Control, Mechatronics and Automation  
 Automation and control systems | robotics and mechatronics | detection technology and automatic equipment | sensor and applications | instrumentation and process Control.  

   Vision, Image and Signal Processing  
 Vision system | signal detection and parameter estimation | signal, image, and video processing | speech and audio processing.  

   Telecommunication Systems and Applications  
 Mobile and wireless communications | optical fiber communications | antenna, RF and microwave | satellite communication system | 5G | cognitive radio | communication protocol | ad-hoc and mesh networks | remote sensing and GPS.  

   Electronic Design and Applications  
 Embedded technology and applications | MEMS and NEMS | VLSI | IC design | system on chip | microelectronics fabrication.  

   Electrical Power, Energy and Industrial Applications  
 Renewable energy systems and sources | power systems | high voltage engineering | insulation and materials | generation, transmission, and distribution | power electronics | power devices and driving circuits | smart grid | electrical machines | photovoltaic system | PV forecasting | nuclear energy.  

 Proceedings will be Published Through LNEE by:  

 Download Call for Paper  

 Important Dates  

 Full paper submission deadline:  
   1 March 2025  
 Notice of acceptance (from):   
  1 May 2025  
 Early bird registration & payment deadline:   
  10 July 2025  
 Normal registration, payment, & camera-ready deadline:   
  31 August 2025  
 Conference days:   
  2-3 September 2025  

 Contact Us  

 Dr Muhammad Najwan Hamidi 
  School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Engineering Campus, Universiti Sains Malaysia, 14300, Nibong Tebal, Penang, Malaysia 
  +604 5996018 
  +604-5996909 
  najwan@usm.my 

 Important Links  

 School of Electrical & Electronic Engineering, USM 
  Universiti Sains Malaysia 
  Hotels in Penang 
  Visit Penang 

 Website Statistics  

 Online User: 3   
  Today’s Visitors: 8   
  Today’s Visits: 15   
  Yesterday’s Visitors: 12   
  Yesterday’s Visits: 17   
  Total Visitors: 42488   
  Total Visits: 133980   

 Copyright © 2024 | Powered by

17. RV_1 conference:


18. RV_2 conference:
Runtime Verification       About  Events  Policy  Resources  Steering Committee  Awards  Tools    

 Events  
  
 Future Events  
 RV’24  The 24th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Istanbul, Turkey, October 15-18, 2024.  
 Organized by:  
 Houssam Abbas | , Oregon State University, USA (PC chair) 
  Erika Abraham | , RWTH Aachen University, Germany (PC chair) 
  Doğan Ulus | , Boğaziçi University, Turkey (Local chair) 
  Past Conferences  
 Link to LNCS Series of RV conferences   
 Some conference website links are no longer working, but we have kept the urls for historical reasons.  
  
 RV’23 | The 23rd International Conference on Runtime Verification, Thessaloniki, Greece, October 4-6, 2023 | proceedings 
 RV’22 | The 22nd International Conference on Runtime Verification, Tbilisi, Georgia, September 28-30, 2022 | proceedings 
 RV’21 | The 21st International Conference on Runtime Verification, Los Angeles, California, October 11-14, 2021 (virtual) | proceedings 
 RV’20 | The 20th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Los Angeles, California, October 6-9, 2020 (virtual) | proceedings 
 RV’19 | The 19th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Porto, Portugal, October 8-11, 2019 | proceedings 
 RV’18 | The 18th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Limassol, Cyprus, November 10-13, 2018 | proceedings 
 RV’17 | The 17th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Seattle, Washington, September 13-16, 2017 | proceedings 
 RV’16 | The 16th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Madrid, Spain, September 23-30, 2016 | proceedings 
 RV’15 | The 15th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Vienna, Austria, September 22-25, 2015 | proceedings 
 RV’14 | The 14th International Conference on Runtime Verification, Toronto, Canada, September 22-25, 2014 | proceedings 
 RV’13 | Fourth International Conference on Runtime Verification, Rennes, France, September 24-27, 2013 | proceedings 
 RV’12 | Third International Conference on Runtime Verification, Istanbul, Turkey, September 25-28, 2012 | proceedings 
 RV’11 | Second International Conference on Runtime Verification, San Francisco, California, USA, September 27-30, 2011 | proceedings 
 RV’10 | First International Conference on Runtime Verification, St. Julians, Malta, November 1-4, 2010 | proceedings 
  
 Past Workshops  
  
 RV’09 | Ninth Workshop on Runtime Verification, Grenoble, France, June 2009 
 RV’08 | Eighth Workshop on Runtime Verification, Budapest, Hungary, March 2008 
 RV’07 | Seventh Workshop on Runtime Verification, Vancouver, Canada, March 2007 
 FATES/RV’06 | First Joint Workshop on Formal Aspects of Testing and Runtime Verification, Seattle, USA, August 2006 
 RV’05 | Fifth Workshop on Runtime Verification, Edinburgh, Scotland, July 2005 
 RV’04 | Fourth Workshop on Runtime Verification, Barcelona, Spain, April 2004 
 RV’03 | Third Workshop on Runtime Verification, Boulder, USA, July 2003 
 RV’02 | Second Workshop on Runtime Verification, Copenhagen, Denmark, July 2002 
 RV’01 | First Workshop on Runtime Verification, Paris, France, July 2001 
  
 Other Past Events  
  
 Dagstuhl’17 | Dagstuhl seminar on A Shared Challenge in Behavioural Specification, Schloss Dagstuhl, Saarland, Germany, November 12-15, 2017 
 Dagstuhl’10 | Dagstuhl seminar on Runtime Verification, Diagnosis, Planning and Control for Autonomous Systems, Schloss Dagstuhl, Saarland, Germany, November 7-12, 2010 
 Dagstuhl’07 | Dagstuhl seminar on Runtime Verification, Schloss Dagstuhl, Saarland, Germany, January 3-6, 2007 

  Runtime Verification  
 Runtime Verification 
    
 runtime-verification 
    
 This website is about the broader Runtime Verification community based around the annual RV international conference.

19. RoVISP_1 conference:
Home    
    
 ®   

 How to use our site |  
 (Advanced search) 

 Log in | Username | Password |  
 (Subscribe) | (I forgot my password) 

 The 12th International Conference on Robotics, Vision, Signal Processing and Power Applications (RoViSP 2023)   
   
  Conference   
   
  online and in-person   
   
  28th to 29th August 2023   
  Nibong Tebal, Penang, Malaysia   
   
  Website:  https://rovisp.eng.usm.my/    
  Contact person:  Dr. Nor Azlin Ghazali   
   
  The 12th International Conference on Robotics, Vision, Signal Processing and Power Applications (RoViSP 2023) will be held from 28–29 August 2023 in Penang, Malaysia. All accepted and presented papers will be included in the conference proceedings.   
   
  Organized by:  Universiti Sains Malaysia   
  Deadline for abstracts/proposals:  28th April 2023   
   
  Check the event website  for more details.  
   
  View all events from this organizer. |

20. RV_3 conference:
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue

21. RoVISP_3 conference:
Home    
    
 ®   

 How to use our site |  
 (Advanced search) 

 Log in | Username | Password |  
 (Subscribe) | (I forgot my password) 

 RoViSP 2023   
   
  Conference   
   
  in-person   
   
  28th to 29th August 2023   
  Penang, Malaysia   
   
  Website:  https://rovisp.eng.usm.my/    
  Contact person:  Dr. Nor Azlin Ghazali   
   
  International Conference on Robotics, Vision, Signal Processing and Power Applications (RoViSP) has been routinely organized by School of Electrical & Electronic Engineering, Universiti Sains Malaysia (USM) since 1994.   
   
  Organized by:  School of Electrical & Electronic Engineering   
  Deadline for abstracts/proposals:  24th March 2023   
   
  Check the event website  for more details.  
   
  View all events from this organizer. |

22. SecureComm_0 conference:
Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Program At a Glance 
  Full Program 
  Brochure 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  On-site participants | On-site Presentation Guide 
  Venue 
  Things to do 
  Online participants | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Submission | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop papers – S/P-IoT vol.2 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Program At a Glance 
  Full Program 
  Brochure 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  On-site participants | On-site Presentation Guide 
  Venue 
  Things to do 
  Online participants | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Submission | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop papers – S/P-IoT vol.2 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 EAI SecureComm 2023 was held as an on-site conference in Hong Kong   
 THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION AND YOUR INVOLVEMENT!  

 Full Program   

 October 19-21, 2023  
  Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong SAR, Hong Kong  
    
 For online participants only  
  The Video Submission Deadline is  
  15 September 2023  :   
 Video Submission Instructions   

  Thank you for participating   
 Thank you for participating in SecureComm 2023!   
   
 We look forward to meeting you next year  
  in Dubai, United Arab Emirates on October 24-26, 2024.   

 Get involved in the next edition:   
   
 Next edition   

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speaker    

 Prof. Robert Deng    
   
 AXA Chair Professor of Cybersecurity, Singapore Management University,  
  Fellow of IEEE, Fellow of Academy of Engineering Singapore   

 Keynotes light   
 Keynote speaker    

 Prof. Wenyuan Xu    
   
 Professor in the College of Electrical Engineering at Zhejiang University, China   

 EAI Index   
 Get the recognition you deserve  
  with EAI Index:   
   
 - The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide   
   
 - Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance   
   
 - Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows   
   
 Find out more  about EAI Index  

 Register Now   

 Camera-ready Instructions   

 Accepted papers   

 Paper Submission is now open for the 19th edition of EAI SecureComm ! Check out the Call for Papers  .    
 Take a look back at the previous edition of EAI SecureComm here  .    
 EAI SecureComm 2023 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here  .    
 Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here  .    
 Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.    

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Extra visibility for your paper and fair review → | Community Review 
  Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition → | EAI Index 
  Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site → | EAI Compass 

  Proceedings   
 EAI SecureComm 2023 proceedings are in the production process by Springer – LNICST series. Conference proceedings will be published in 2 parts. Please find more details in SpringerLink Digital Library links below:   
 Part I 
  Part II 

  About SecureComm 2023   
 SecureComm is a conference in EAI core conference portfolio focusing on cybersecurity. The aim of SecureComm is to bring together researchers and practitioners in academic, industry, and government in security, networking, communication and other related communities to explore important research directions in the field. The 19th SecureComm conference seeks submissions of high-quality research contributions. Topics of interest encompass ALL areas of secure communications and networking. Topics in less related areas will be considered if a clear connection to secure communication and networking is demonstrated. Topics addressing interdisciplinary challenges in different application domains are welcome.  

  Topics   
 We welcome contributions from the following fields:  
 Security and privacy in computer networks (e.g., wired, wireless, mobile, hybrid, sensor, vehicular, satellite, 5G, 6G, ad hoc, peer-to-peer, and software-defined networks) 
  Security and privacy in systems with strong secure communication and networking element (e.g., security in the cloud, IoT, cyber-physical systems, edge and fog computing, and teleconferencing) 
  Security and privacy in Web3.0 and metaverse 
  Distributed ledger technologies (e.g., blockchain, smart contracts, and cryptocurrencies) and decentralized applications (e.g., DeFi) 
  Security protocols at all network layers and for different applications (e.g., for secure routing, naming/addressing, network management, remote authentication and attestation) 
  Physical layer security (e.g., jamming, GPS spoofing) 
  Network attacks (e.g., DDoS, MitM, malware, botnets, side-channel attacks, phishing/pharming, cybersquatting), defenses (e.g., network intrusion detection and prevention, firewalls, packet filters, moving target defence) and forensics 
  Applications of cryptography (e.g., Analysis of deployed cryptography and cryptographic protocols, Cryptographic implementation analysis, New cryptographic protocols with real-world applications) 
  Security analysis (e.g., Malware analysis, Automated security analysis of source code and binaries, Program analysis) 
  Data-driven security and measurement studies (e.g., Measurements of fraud, malware or spam; Measurements of human behavior and security) 
  Cybercrime investigation and attribution 
  Cyber threat intelligence and cyber incident responses 
  Anonymous and privacy-aware communications (e.g., Tor, darknet) 
  Internet censorship and circumvention 
  Secure communication and networking applications (e.g., industry 4.0, energy, transportation, smart cities) 
  Quantum key distribution and other quantum-based secure communications 
  Visualization of secure communications and networking 
  Privacy-preserving computing in secure communication and networking (e.g., privacy-preserving machine learning) 
  The resilience of computer networks and critical infrastructures 
  Web and mobile security and privacy 
  Defending false information online (e.g., mis-, dis- and mal-information) 
  Socio-technical aspects of secure communications and networking (e.g., usability, human behaviors, legal issues, cybercrime, economics) 
  Security and privacy of contact tracing and other COVID-19 related digital interventions with a core element on telecommunications or networking 

  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, IO-Port, MatchSciNet, Inspec and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 3.0 (2022)] 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Security and Safety (Open Access) 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 

  About EAI   
 This event is organized by EAI  .  
   
  EAI – European Alliance for Innovation is a non-profit organization and a professional community established in cooperation with the European Commission to empower the global research and innovation, and to promote cooperation between European and International ICT communities.  
   
  EAI’s vision  is to foster excellence in research and innovation on the principles of transparency, objectivity, equality, and openness. Our guiding principle is community cooperation to create better research, provide fair recognition of excellence and transform best ideas into commercial value proposition.  
   
  EAI‘s mission  is to create an environment that rewards excellence transparently, and builds recognition objectively regardless of age, economic status or country of origin, where no membership fees or closed door committees stand in the way of your research career.  
   
  Through these shared values, EAI leads the way toward advancing the world of research and innovation, empowering individuals and institutions for the good of society to fully benefit from the digital revolution.  

 Important dates   
 Main Track   
 Loading important dates.   
  
 Late Track   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  20 June 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  10 August 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  20 September 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  19 October 2023  
  End of Conference   
  21 October 2023  
 Workshop Track: S/P-IoT   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  20 June 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  10 August 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  20 September 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  19 October 2023  
  End of Conference   
  21 October 2023  
   
 Previous SecureComm editions  
 2022  – Virtual conference  
  2021  – Virtual conference  
  2020  – Virtual conference  
  2019  – Orlando, United States  
  2018  – Singapore, Singapore  
  2017  – Niagara Falls, Canada  
  2016  – Guangzhou, People’s Republic of China  
  2015  – Dallas, United States  
  2014  – Beijing, People’s Republic of China  
  2013  – Sydney, Australia  
  2012  – Padua, Italy  
  2011  – London, Great Britain  
  2010  – Singapore, Singapore  
  2009  – Athens, Greece  
  2008  – Istanbul, Turkey  
  2007  – Nice, France  
  2006  – Baltimore, Maryland, United States  
  2005  – Athens, Greece  
   
 Sponsors  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2023 SecureComm | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent

23. SecureComm_1 conference:
Open Menu  Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Program At a Glance 
  Full Program 
  Brochure 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  On-site participants | On-site Presentation Guide 
  Venue 
  Things to do 
  Online participants | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Submission | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop papers – S/P-IoT vol.2 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 

 Home 
  Committees | Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Registration | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  Program | Program At a Glance 
  Full Program 
  Brochure 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted papers 
  For Authors | Camera-ready Submission (Confy+) 
  On-site participants | On-site Presentation Guide 
  Venue 
  Things to do 
  Online participants | Paper Presentation Recording Instructions 
  Zoom Meeting guide 
  Submission | Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshop papers – S/P-IoT vol.2 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Practical Info | Venue 
  Things to do 
  Visas 
  Sponsorship 
  Help & Contact | Help & Contact 
  Cookie Policy 
   
 |      

 Call for Papers  

 Scope   
 SecureComm is a conference in EAI core conference portfolio focusing on cybersecurity. The aim of SecureComm is to bring together researchers and practitioners in academic, industry, and government in security, networking, communication and other related communities to explore important research directions in the field. The 19th SecureComm conference seeks submissions of high-quality research contributions. Topics of interest encompass ALL areas of secure communications and networking. Topics in less related areas will be considered if a clear connection to secure communication and networking is demonstrated. Topics addressing interdisciplinary challenges in different application domains are welcome.  
 Submit paper   

 Welcome to the EAI Community    
 Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:  
 Get more visibility for your paper and receive a fair review with | Community Review | , 
  Earn credits regardless of your paper’s acceptance and increase your | EAI Index | for new membership ranks and global recognition, 
  Find out if your research resonates – get real-time evaluation of your presentation on-site via | EAI Compass | . 

 Topics   
 We welcome contributions from the following fields:  
 Security and privacy in computer networks (e.g., wired, wireless, mobile, hybrid, sensor, vehicular, satellite, 5G, 6G, ad hoc, peer-to-peer, and software-defined networks) 
  Security and privacy in systems with strong secure communication and networking element (e.g., security in the cloud, IoT, cyber-physical systems, edge and fog computing, and teleconferencing) 
  Security and privacy in Web3.0 and metaverse 
  Distributed ledger technologies (e.g., blockchain, smart contracts, and cryptocurrencies) and decentralized applications (e.g., DeFi) 
  Security protocols at all network layers and for different applications (e.g., for secure routing, naming/addressing, network management, remote authentication and attestation) 
  Physical layer security (e.g., jamming, GPS spoofing) 
  Network attacks (e.g., DDoS, MitM, malware, botnets, side-channel attacks, phishing/pharming, cybersquatting), defenses (e.g., network intrusion detection and prevention, firewalls, packet filters, moving target defence) and forensics 
  Applications of cryptography (e.g., Analysis of deployed cryptography and cryptographic protocols, Cryptographic implementation analysis, New cryptographic protocols with real-world applications) 
  Security analysis (e.g., Malware analysis, Automated security analysis of source code and binaries, Program analysis) 
  Data-driven security and measurement studies (e.g., Measurements of fraud, malware or spam; Measurements of human behavior and security) 
  Cybercrime investigation and attribution 
  Cyber threat intelligence and cyber incident responses 
  Anonymous and privacy-aware communications (e.g., Tor, darknet) 
  Internet censorship and circumvention 
  Secure communication and networking applications (e.g., industry 4.0, energy, transportation, smart cities) 
  Quantum key distribution and other quantum-based secure communications 
  Visualization of secure communications and networking 
  Privacy-preserving computing in secure communication and networking (e.g., privacy-preserving machine learning) 
  The resilience of computer networks and critical infrastructures 
  Web and mobile security and privacy 
  Defending false information online (e.g., mis-, dis- and mal-information) 
  Socio-technical aspects of secure communications and networking (e.g., usability, human behaviors, legal issues, cybercrime, economics) 
  Security and privacy of contact tracing and other COVID-19 related digital interventions with a core element on telecommunications or networking 
  Publication   
 All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer  and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.  
 Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, such as Web of Science, Compendex, Scopus, DBLP, EU Digital Library, IO-Port, MatchSciNet, Inspec and Zentralblatt MATH.  
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:  
 Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal [IF: 3.0 (2022)] 
  All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:  
 EAI Endorsed Transactions on Scalable Information Systems (Open Access) 
  EAI Endorsed Transactions on Security and Safety (Open Access) 
  Additional publication opportunities:  
 EAI Transactions series (Open Access) 
  EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series | (titles in this series are indexed in Ei Compendex, Web of Science & Scopus) 
  Paper submission   
 Papers should be submitted through EAI ‘ Confy+  ‘ system, and have to comply with the Springer format (see Author’s kit section  ).  
 Regular papers should be up | 12-20 | pages (content )in length. (excluding appendices, references, appreciation,…) 
  Short papers should be | 6-11 | pages (content) in length. (excluding appendices, references, appreciation,…) 
  All conference papers undergo a thorough peer review process prior to the final decision and publication. This process is facilitated by experts in the Technical Program Committee during a dedicated conference period. Standard peer review is enhanced by EAI Community Review which allows EAI members to bid to review specific papers. All review assignments are ultimately decided by the responsible Technical Program Committee Members while the Technical Program Committee Chair is responsible for the final acceptance selection. You can learn more about Community Review here  .  
 Important dates   
 Main Track   
 Loading important dates.   
  
 Late Track   
 Full Paper Submission deadline   
  20 June 2023  
  Notification deadline   
  20 July 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline   
  10 September 2023  
  Start of Conference   
  19 October 2023  
  End of Conference   
  21 October 2023  

 This event is a part of  
 EAI Conference series   

 Become an EAI Member   
 Join for free    

 Follow us   

 © 2023 SecureComm | EAI   

 Manage Cookie Consent   

 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.   
 Functional   Functional    Always active       The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.    
  Preferences   Preferences         The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.    
  Tracking   Tracking         The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.  Technical storage or access that is used solely for the purpose of tracking users on a website or across several websites. The data is not shared with third parties.    
  Marketing   Marketing         The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.    

 Manage options  Manage services  Manage {vendor_count} vendors  Read more about these purposes    
   
 Accept  Deny  View preferences  Save preferences  View preferences    
 {title}  {title}  {title}    

 Manage consent

24. SecureComm_2 conference:
Skip to main content      Main navigation  
 About Us | About Us sub-navigation | Book Fairs 
  Information for Authors 
  For Organizations 
  Our Events | Our Events sub-navigation | Event Calendar 
  Upcoming Book Fairs 
  Local Interest | Local Interest sub-navigation | Ted Kooser 
  Carla's Biography of Ted Kooser 
  Golden Sower Nominess 
  Nebraska Authors 
  Contact Us | Contact Us sub-navigation | Email us 
   
 Utility Menu  
 Log in | Log-in 
  Wishlists | Wishlist 
  Cart | Cart 

  Main Menu    

 You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form.   
  All selections except for books will open in a new window  Search type  Books  Audiobooks     
 Search     
   Search        

 Security and Privacy in Communication Networks: 19th Eai International Conference, Securecomm 2023, Hong Kong, China, October 19-21, 2023, Proceedings (Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences #568)  
 Haixin Duan (Editor)  , Mourad Debbabi (Editor)  , Xavier de Carné de Carnavalet (Editor)    
 Current price:  $99.99    
 Publish Date:  October 15th, 2024   
 Publisher:   
 Springer   
   
 ISBN:   
 9783031649530   
   
 Pages:   
 517   

 You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form.   
    
    Quantity     

 Add to wishlist     
  You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form.   
  Available Formats  Paperback (10/15/2024)  Digital - Audio (Libro.FM)     

 Usually Ships in 1 to 5 Days   

 Description  
 This two-volume LNICST 567-568 set constitutes the post-conference proceedings of the 19th International Conference on Security and Privacy in Communication Networks, SecureComm 2023, held in October 2023 in Hong Kong, China.  
 The 52 papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 180 submissions. The papers presented in these two volumes are clustered into various thematical issues as follows:  
 Part I: AI for Security; Authentication; Blockchain and Distributed System Security; Cryptography; Data Security.  
 Part II: Intrusion and Anomaly Detection; IoT Security; Network Security; Privacy; Program Analysis; Software Security.  

 Other Books in Series  
   
 Preorder   

 Preorder   

 Preorder   

 Preorder   

 Preorder   

 Preorder   

 Preorder   

 Preorder   

 You May Also Like  

 Join our Email list.  
 Join our Email list  
 Name (required)      
 Email (required)      

 Upcoming Event  
 Dec  02    
   
 THE QUIET BOOK CLUB  
   
 View event    

 More Links  
 About Us 
  Contact Us 
  Shipping Policy 
  Return Policy 
   
 Connect  
 Address  
 Chapters Books & Gifts  
  548 Seward Street  
  Seward, NE 68434    
 Phone  
 (402) 643-2282   
 Store Hours  
 Sun: Closed 
  Mon - Thu: 9:00am - 5:30pm 
  Fri: 9:00am - 5:00pm 
  Sat: 10:00am - 3:00pm 
    
 Social Media Links  

 Footer utility menu  
 Privacy Policy 
  Terms and Conditions 
  ADA Compliance 

 © 2024 Chapters Books & Gifts Powered by IndieCommerce

25. SecureComm_3 conference:
Skip to content  Current students 
  Alumni 
  Staff 
  Log in to deposit 
    
 Toggle navigation    University of Westminster    
 Home 
  People 
  Research areas 
  Latest additions 
    
  Search     

 19th EAI International Conference on Security and Privacy in Communication Networks (SecureComm’23)  

 Title | 19th EAI International Conference on Security and Privacy in Communication Networks (SecureComm’23) 
 Event date | 19  to end of  21  Oct 2023 
 Location | Hong Kong SAR, Hong Kong 
 Web address (URL) | https://securecomm.eai-conferences.org/2023/ 

 University of Westminster   
 309 Regent Street  
  London W1B 2HW  
   
  Switchboard: +44 (0)20 7911 5000  
   
  View full contact details   
   
  View maps and directions    
  
 Powered by   

 University of Westminster is a charity and a company limited by guarantee. Reg no. 977818 England  
  © WestminsterResearch 2020  
 Accessibility statement 
  Cookies 
  Terms of use

26. SIN_0 conference:
About 
  Call for papers 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Important dates 
  Keynotes 
  Organisers 
  Past events 
  Contact us 

 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 IEEE Record # 60469 | Scopus | IEEE Xplore  
 Conference schedule    

 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 IEEE Record # 60469 | Scopus | IEEE Xplore  
 Conference schedule    

 SINCONF 2023  
 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 November 20-21, 2023  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye  
 IEEE Record # 60469 | Scopus | IEEE Xplore  
 Conference schedule    

 ABOUT CONFERENCE  
 The 16th SIN 2023 conference will serve as a platform for knowledge sharing about the recent trends and advancements in Security of Information and Networks and how these domains are playing role in research and market development of the industries. It will provide a great opportunity for the students and faculties to interact and share ideas with the top-notch in the field face to face. This knowledge sharing may inspire and thrill many young minds and help them bring collaborations and global partners to work together. This conference is organized by Manipal University Jaipur in partnership with multiple universities.  

  ABOUT MANIPAL UNIVERSITY JAIPUR  
 The Manipal Education Group is an established leader in the field of education, research and healthcare. In a span of over six decades, it has transformed the lives of more than 3,00,000 students from over 59 countries. The group includes five Universities – Manipal Academy of Higher Education (MAHE, Karnataka), Sikkim Manipal University (Sikkim), American University of Antigua (Caribbean Islands), Manipal International University (Malaysia) and Manipal University Jaipur (Jaipur). Manipal University Jaipur (MUJ) was launched in 2011 on an invitation from the Government of Rajasthan, as a self-financed State University. MUJ has redefined academic excellence in the region, with the Manipal way of learning; one that inspires students of all disciplines to learn and innovate through hands on practical experience.  

 ABOUT JAIPUR  
 Jaipur is the capital of India’s Rajasthan state. It evokes the royal family that once ruled the region and that, in 1727, founded what is now called the Old City, or “Pink City” for its trademark building color. At the center of its stately street grid (notable in India) stands the opulent, colonnaded City Palace complex. With gardens, courtyards and museums, part of it is still a royal residence  
 https://www.tourism.rajasthan.gov.in/   
 https://www.incredibleindia.org/content/incredible-india-v2/en.html   

 1 / 6   
    
 2 / 6   
    
 3 / 6   
    
 4 / 6   
    
 5 / 6   
    
 6 / 6   

 MUJ is the first state university in Rajasthan to receive A+ Grade with 3.28 score accredited by NAAC. It is accredited by NBA for five programs including Computer Science & Engineering and Information Technology. MUJ achieved 84th rank in NIRF in Engineering category in the year 2021.   
    
 Jaipur, being one of the fastest growing cities in India, has increasing demand for quality higher education in the region. Following an allotment of 122 Acres of land at Dehmi Kalan village near Jaipur, the permanent campus of the University has come up at a fast pace and is by far one of the best campuses in the region. The multi-disciplinary university offers career-oriented courses at all levels, i.e., UG, PG and doctoral and across diverse streams, including Engineering, Architecture, Planning, Fashion Design, Fine Arts, Hospitality, Humanities, Journalism and Mass Communication, Basic Sciences, Law, Commerce, Computer Applications, Management, etc. Some PG programmes are also available in the research mode. MUJ boasts of best-in-class infrastructure, including state-of-the-art research facilities and a modern, digital library. In line with Manipal University’s legacy of providing quality education to its students, the campus uses the latest in technology to impart education.  

 Call for papers  
 Download Call for Papers Document    

 Paper Categories  
   
   Research Contributions  Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that any of the authors has published elsewhere or has submitted simultaneously to any other conference or workshop that has published proceedings. The maximum length for the proceedings is 8 pages for full papers, and 6 pages for short papers.  
   
   Student Contributions  Doctoral / Masters Students are encouraged to propose papers on ongoing research. Please add "(Student contribution)" to the title. The maximum length for the proceedings is 6 pages for student papers.  
   
   Industrial Contributions  Authors from industry and government enterprises are welcome to submit original papers that describe their experiences, challenges, and applications in security. The maximum length for the proceedings is 8 pages.  

 Scope and Theme  
 The 16th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks (SIN-2023) provides an excellent international forum for sharing knowledge and results in theory, methodology, and applications of Security in information and networks. Papers, special sessions, tutorials, and workshops addressing all aspects and issues of security in information and networks are being pursued. The conference invites significant contributions from researchers and industrial working on the development of cryptographic algorithms, security schemes, cryptanalysis, application security, system security, cloud security, and network security. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers and practitioners from both academia as well as industry to meet and share cutting-edge advancements in the field of information and network security.  

  Hosted by  
 Manipal University Jaipur, India   

 Partner  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Türkiye 
  CES-Lab, Tunisia. 
  Edinburgh Napier University, United Kingdom 
  Istanbul Technical University, Turkey 
  Southern Federal University, Russia 
  Cardiff University, Wales 
  MNIT, India 
  Rutgers University, USA 
  Macquarie University, Australia 

 Topics of Interest  
 Authors are solicited to contribute to the conference by submitting articles that illustrate research results, project outputs, surveys, and industrial experiences that describe significant advances in the following areas, but are not limited to:  
   
 Network defense  
 Tools and development platforms  
   
 Malware analysis  
 Security in cyber-physical systems, Security in Blockchain  
   
 Security in space science  
 Key management and distribution  
   
 Virus and worm analysis  
 Big-data trust, security, and privacy  
   
 Security in mobile devices  
 Security and privacy social networks  
   
 Cloud and system security  
 Security-aware software engineering  
   
 Artificial intelligence security  
 Security in embedded systems and IoT  
 Machine learning techniques and applications in security  
   
 Web and application security  
 Security education and innovative curriculum  
   
 Security in biometric systems  
 Symmetric and asymmetric key cryptography  
   
 Privacy and trust management  
 Computational intelligence techniques in security  
   
 Access control, firewall, and IDS  
 Security ontology, policies, protocols, models, and certifications  

 Proposal/Paper Submission  
  
 Papers must be submitted electronically via the SIN 2023 submission page at | https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/SINCONF2023 

 Papers should be written according to the IEEE conference proceedings format | (https:// www.ieee.org/ conferences/ publishing/ templates.html) 

 SIN2023 conference follows the double-blind review process. Authors should not include the author’s name and affiliation, mailing address, telephone, fax, and email of the principal author on the paper. 

 All accepted papers will be published by IEEE Xplore subject to meeting the IEEE Xplore’s scope and quality requirements. Each accepted paper must be registered and presented during the conference to be included in the proceedings. 

 All proposals for organizing workshops, tutorials, demos, and special sessions are expected at the conference e-mail | sinconf2023@gmail.com 

 Technical Sponsor  

 Registration Fees  
  
 Category | IEEE Members | Non-IEE Members | Non-Authors/ Attendee 
 Student Authors | Professional Authors | Student Authors | Professional Authors |  
 Indian Authors (INR) | 11,000 | 14,000 | 13,000 | 16,000 | 4000 
 International Authors (USD) | 275 | 300 | 300 | 350 | 150 

  Registration fee is inclusive of 18% GST.  

  Registration Fee covers:  
  
 Entry to all sessions (Keynote, Technical paper presentations, Industry expert talks, etc.) 

 Refreshments and lunch during sessions on conference dates 

 Conference kit 

 NB: Paper registration covers the registering author; other authors may register as an attendee. 

  Registration Process for authors  
 Step 1: Please pay the paper registration fee  (Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description)  
  Payment Link   
  Payment Link for International authors   
   
  * how to filling out payment form   
  
  Step 2: Please fill the following Registration form after the payment.  Registration form Link   
  
  Step 3: Please submit the CRC copy after the registration form submission.  CRC submission form Link   
  
  Important Instructions:  To complete a successful registration, at least one author must register before the deadline. 
  The registration fee includes participation in the conference, meals, and a conference kit. 
  Boarding and lodging expenses will be the responsibility of the participant. 
  A standard page limit of 6 pages will apply to all submitted manuscripts. 
  Presentation certificates will be issued to presenters only. The certificate will include the names of all authors, but only the presenter's affiliation. 
  If the same author has multiple papers accepted for publication and presentation, each paper requires a separate registration fee to be included in the proceedings. 
  Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description 

  Registration Process for attendee  
 Step 1: Please pay the paper registration fee   
  (Please mention in the field Paper ID: 1 and in the field Paper Title: Sinconf.  
  Please remove all payment options except applicable from Payment Description)  Payment Link   
   
  * how to filling out payment form   
  
  Step 2: Please fill the following Registration form after the payment.  Registration form Link   

 Important Dates  
   
 01  Submission Deadline  
 31 August 2023   

 02  Notification to Authors  
 20 September 2023   

 03  Final Manuscript Due  
 10 October 2023   

 04  Paper Registration Deadline  
 30 September 2023   

 05  Registration HARD Deadline  
 25 October 2023  

 KEYNOTES  

 Erol Gelenbe   
 Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics Polish Academy of Sciences & Laboratoire I3S Univ. Cote d’Azur & Cognitive Networks Ltd, UK  
 more info     

 Dr. MANOJ KUMAR   
 Research Cluster Leader- Cyber and Network Security, University of Wollongong, Dubai  
  
  more info     

 Prof. Priyadarsi Nanda   
 Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS)  
  
  more info     

 Prof. Amit Dua   
 Associate Professor in Computer Science and Information System Department in BITS Pilani  
 more info     

 Dr. Dalal N Alharthi   
 Assistant Professor, the University of Arizona, Tucson, USA.  
  
  more info     

 Some Methods to Improve IoT Performance and Cybersecurity  
  
  Erol Gelenbe  
 Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics Polish Academy of Sciences & Laboratoire I3S Univ. Cote d’Azur & Cognitive Networks Ltd, UK  
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erol_Gelenbeseg@iitis.pl    
 Abstract:  The relative simplicity and lightweight nature of many IoT devices, and their widespread connectivity via the Internet and other wired and wireless networks, raise issues regarding both their performance and vulnerability. Indeed, their connectivity patterns based on the need to frequently forward and receive data have given rise to the « Massive Access Problem (MAP) of the IoT » which is a form of congestion caused by the IoT’s synchronized and repetitive data transmission patterns. On the other hand, the opportunity that IoT devices present to malicious third parties for generating highly contagious distributed denial of service (DDoS) and Botnet attacks, is also a subject of concern that is widely studied. Thus this presentation will discuss our recent results and research directions that address both of these issues. Regarding the MAP, we will outline the Quasi-Deterministic Transmission Policy (QDTP), and its main theoretical result, and present trace-driven measurements, which show that QDTP can effectively mitigate MAP. We will also show how a Machine Learning approach using novel Auto-Associative Dense Random Neural Networks can detect DDoS attacks with a high degree of accuracy, and discuss the potential of « low cost » online learning to protect IoT gateways and devices against Cyberattacks. The speaker gratefully acknowledges research funding from the EC as part of the H2020 GHOST, SerIoT, and IoTAC projects.  
 Biography:  Erol Gelenbe, FIEEE’86 FACM’03 FIET’03 FIFIP’19 FRSS’20, a graduate of METU (Ankara, Turkey), is renowned for mathematical and data-driven modelling of computer systems, the Internet, neuronal networks, and gene regulatory networks. Recipient of the 2010 NYU Distinguished Alumnus Award in Engineering, he is ranked by the AMS Mathematics Genealogy Project in the Top 25 individuals who are the “all-time worldwide” most prolific Ph.D. supervisors in the Mathematical Sciences. He won the Grand Prix France Telecom of the French Academy of Sciences (1996), the Mustafa Prize(2017) for his invention of G-Networks and the Random Neural Network, and the ACM SIGMETRICS (2008) Award stated that he is “the single individual who … made the greatest overall contribution to the field of Computer System and Network Performance Evaluation through original research, mentoring and doctoral training, creation and direction of world-class research groups, wide-ranging international collaboration”. His career has included chairs and named professorships at the Universities of Liege, Paris-Saclay, Paris-Descartes, NJIT, Duke University, University of Central Florida, Imperial College, and now the Polish Academy of Sciences. Active in European research and industry collaborations, a Fellow of the French National Academy of Technologies, the Academy of Sciences of Belgium, Poland, and Turkey, and an Honorary Fellow of the Hungarian and Islamic Academies of Sciences he is the incoming chair of the Informatics Section of Academia Europaea.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Amit Dua  
 Associate Professor in Computer Science and Information System Department in BITS Pilani  
 profile    
 Biography:  Dr Amit Dua is Associate Professor in Computer Science and Information System Department in BITS Pilani. Dr Amit is also the Honorary Adjunct Distinguished Scientist-Professor at Scientific Innovation Research Group (SIRG) and Head of Blockchain Branch (India) of SIRG.  
  Dr. Amit is associated with NeuroLabs International under Dana Brain Health Institute, Iran as Honorary Adjunct Research Scientist for the period of August 22, 2022 to August 21, 2025.  
  Dr Amit is the Founder and CEO of Yushu Excellence Technologies Pvt. Ltd. A strat-up incubated at BITS Pilani incubation center and blossoming under the guidance of BITS Pilani.  
  He is certified Life coach and expert in Neuro-Linguistic Programming, and Hypnosis. Amit is an Advanced Pranic healer.  
  Amit finds great joy in training people in Blockchain technology. He is working towards his mission of changing 10Million lives  
  He is the Amazon Best Selling Author of 3 books on Machine Learning, Cybercrimes and Cyber Hygiene and Blockchain Technology.  
  Dr. Amit has been awarded as Top 10 life coaches of 2022 and Top 10 Most Influential Indian Personalities of 2022.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Priyadarsi Nanda  
 Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS)  
   
 Biography:  Dr. Priyadarsi Nanda is a Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS) with more than 32 years of experience and a strong researcher specialising in research and development of Cybersecurity, IoT security, Internet Traffic Engineering, wireless sensor network security and many more related areas. His most significant work has been in the area of Intrusion detection and prevention systems (IDS/IPS) using image processing techniques, Sybil attack detection in IoT based applications, intelligent firewall design. In Cybersecurity research, he has published over 120 high quality refereed research papers including Transactions in Computers, Transactions in Parallel Processing and Distributed Systems (TPDS), Future Generations of Computer Systems (FGCS) as well as many ERA Tier A/A* conference articles. In 2017, his work in cyber security research has earned him and his team the prestigious Oman research council's national award for best research. Dr. Nanda has successfully supervised 17 HDR at UTS (14 PhD + 3 Masters), and currently, supervising 8 PhD students.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Dalal N Alharthi  
 Assistant Professor, the University of Arizona, Tucson, USA  
 Dalal N Alharthi | UA Profiles (arizona.edu)    
 Degrees:   
 Ph.D. Computer Science 
  University of California Irvine 
  M.S. Computer Science 
  University of California Irvine 
  M.P.A. Public Administration 
  King Saud University 
  B.S. Computer Science 
   
 Work Experience:   
 University of Arizona, Arizona (2021 - Ongoing) 
  Palo Alto Networks (2020 - 2021) 
  Farmers Insurance (2019 - 2020) 
   
 Awards:   
 SANS 
  SANS SEC588 Challenge Coin, Spring 2022 
  Division of Teaching Excellence and Innovation (DTEI) Fellow 
  University of California Irvine, Summer 2020 
   
 Licensure & Certification:   
 Division of Teaching Excellence and Innovation (DTEI) Fellow, University of California Irvine (2020) 
  Cybersecurity Boot Camp (6 months program), University of California Irvine (2019) 
  Entelligence Certified IT Professional, Entelligence (2020) 
  AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Amazon Web Services (AWS) (2020) 
  CompTIA Security+, CompTIA (2020) 

 Close    

 Dr. MANOJ KUMAR  
 PostDoc, Ph.D., M.Sc. (Ireland), M. Tech, B. Tech  
   
 Dr. Manoj Kumar completed his Ph.D. from The Northcap University and M.Sc. (Information Security and Digital Forensics) from Technological University Dublin, Ireland in 2013. He received fully-funded scholarship for his M.Tech and M.Sc. program from Irish Government. Dr. Kumar have more than 13 years of research, teaching, and corporate experience. He is currently working on the post of Associate Professor-Cyber Security in the University of Wollongong in Dubai, UAE and Research Head for Network and Cyber Security Cluster. His specializations are Digital Forensics, Machine Learning, Information Security, Image Processing, IOT and Computer Networking. He has published over 140 articles in International refereed journals and conferences. Dr. Kumar is member of numerous renowned professional bodies including IEEE, ACM, IAENG, ISTS and UACEE and many more.  
 He delivered several guest lectures, seminars and chaired the session at various reputed international conferences. He published three textbooks and eight edited books for the most famed publishers like Springer, CRC Press, IOP, Bentham Science, Taylor & Francis, and Elsevier, etc. He is an associate editor, Guest editor, and editorial board member of various journals of repute. Dr. Kumar received the Best Researcher Award in 2020, an outstanding Scientist Award in 2021, and a Young Researcher Award in 2021 from recognized international professional bodies. He published over 10 patents and delivered three international research funded projects  
 Contact No:  +971 529291824, +91 9911740918  
 Email:  wss.manojkumar@gmail.com, manojkumar@uowdubai.ac.ae, mkumar@uow.edu.au  
 All about My Linktree:  https://linktr.ee/wss.manojkumar   
 LinkedIn:  https://in.linkedin.com/in/manoj-kumar-25668537   
 WebEx:  https://uow.webex.com/meet/mkumar   
 ORCID ID:  http://orcid.org/0000-0001-5113-0639  , SCOPUS ID: 57201849165, Hindex-24  
 Web of Science Researcher ID:  P-7489-2014  
 Google Scholar ID:  jmdqiw0AAAAJ  
 Vidwan-ID:  121799 ( https://vidwan.inflibnet.ac.in//profile/121799  )  
   
 Close    

 Gelenbe Erol  
 “Random Neural Networks (RNN) for Accurate CyberAttack Detection and Mitigation at the Edge”  

 Abstract:  Even simple cyberattacks can impair the operation and performance of network systems substantially for many hours and sometimes days, and also increase the system's energy consumption. Their impact on data security, and the effects of the malware that they convey and install, are also well known. Thus there is a widespread need for accurate cyberattack detection, and rapid reaction and mitigation when attacks occur. On the other hand, the detection must avoid false alarms, to avoid impairing the smooth operation of a system which is not under attack. Thus considerable research has been conducted in this important field. Our presentation will briefly introduce the subject, and then focus on some recent results from the last 4-5 years, that are based on the Random Neural Network (RNN). The mathematical model will be described, and its extensions and deep learning algorithms will be discussed in the context of cyberattack detection and mitigation. The presentation will then focus on practical applications illustrated with different cyberattack datasets, showing the high accuracy and low false alarm rates that can be achieved. Measurements of active control schemes for attack mitigation will also be shown. Finally we will also show how the RNN can be used with Reinforcement Learning and SDN (Software Defined Networks), to dynamically control an Edge System that optimizes Security, QoS and Energy Consumption.  
  Note. The talk will be based on our publications in the following journals and conferences: Proceedings of the IEEE (2020), Sensors (2021, 2023), ACM SIGCOMM Flexnets (2021), ICC (2016, 2022), IEEE Access (2022, 2023), Performance Evaluation (2022).  
 About Speaker:  Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics, Polish Academy of Sciences, & University Côte d'Azur I3S CNRS, 06100 Nice, France   
  About the speaker: Erol Gelenbe FIEEE FACM FIFIP FRSS received his MS and PhD degrees at Brooklyn Poly, and won the Tandon School Distinguished Alumnus Award in 2010. He has held named personal chairs at NJIT (USA), Duke University (USA), University of Central Florida (USA), Imperial College (UK), and full professorships at the University of Liege, University Paris Saclay, and University Paris Descartes. He served as Department Head at University Paris Descartes (1986-92), Duke University (1993-1998), and Director of the School of EECS at UCF (1993-1998). His research focuses on QoS, Security and Energy, and was funded by Industry, DoD and NSF in the USA, EPSRC and MoD in the UK, and numerous EU FP5, FP6, FP7, and Horizon 2020 projects since 2003. Currently Professor at the Institute of Theoretical & Applied Informatics, Polish Academy of Sciences, since 2017, he also cooperates with the CNRS I3S Laboratory of University Côte d'Azur (Nice, France), and Yasar University (Izmir, Turkey), and his work is now supported by grants from H2020 Horizon and UKRI. He is ranked among the top 25 PhD advisors in mathematical sciences by the American Mathematical Society Math. Genealogy Project and has graduated 24 women PhDs. Winner of the Grand Prix France Telecom 1996 (French Academy of Sciences), the ACM SIGMETRICS 2008 Life-Time Award, and the Mustafa Prize 2017, he was awarded the high honors of Commander of the Order of the Crown, Belgium (2022), Commander of the Order of Merit, France (2019), Knight of the Legion of Honour, France (2014), Commander of the Order of Merit, Italy (2005), Grand Officer of the Order of the the Star, Italy (2007). Fellow of the French National Academy of Engineering, and of the Science Academies of Belgium, Poland and Turkey, he is also Honorary Fellow of the Hungarian and Islamic Academy of Sciences. He currently chairs the Informatics Section of Academia Europaea.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Manoj Kumar  
 “An ensemble framework for detection of DNS Over HTTPS (DOH) traffic”  

 Associate Professor - Cyber Security School of Computer Science  
 UOWD Building, Dubai Knowledge Park  +971 4 278 1932 | +971 4 278 1800/800-UOWD  
 ManojKumar@uowdubai.ac.ae   
  www.uowdubai.ac.ae    
   
 Abstract:  Domain Name System (DNS) is a fundamental protocol and backbone of the internet that translates domain names to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Initially, it was only meant for mapping domain names, however, currently it is used to transfer data over the internet in the form of plain text. This attracts attackers to perform cyberattacks such as DNS spoofing, DNS amplification, and cache poisoning etc. Various solutions were proposed to protect DNS protocol from such attacks such as using DNS load balancers, OpenDNS by Cisco, DNSFilters etc. However, despite these security measures, the attackers can still easily modify the data packets over the network leading to security and privacy concerns. DNS-Over-HTTPS (DOH) is recently introduced protocol with encrypted DNS that defends against issues related to security and eavesdropping largely. However, some challenges are associated with it that need to be addressed for its proper functioning. In this work, an approach is presented to automatically detect DOH traffic using Ensemble-based machine learning framework. The proposed technique is tested on the CIRA-CIC-DoHBrw-2020 dataset and evaluated on classification metrics such as precision, recall, f-score, and confusion metrics. Further, to develop a reliable model that can detect anomalies efficiently, a detailed analysis of false positives and false negatives is done. The demonstrated results show that the presented ensembling techniques EL1 and EL2 outperform the existing approaches by achieving an overall accuracy score of 99.5% and 99.7% respectively and F-score of about 99.8% and 99.7% respectively.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Priyadarsi Nanda  
 “Exploring Security and Privacy Issues in End-User Systems”  

 Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney (UTS)  

 Abstract:  In today’s digital era, end-user systems, particularly Internet of Things (IoT) and web technology, have become essential components of our daily lives to make the echo systems efficient and smarter. With the increasing reliance on ubiquitous and digital technologies, user-centric systems are essential to offer a wide range of functionalities in order to fulfil individuals’ needs and preferences through seamless access to information, services, and entertainment. An end-user system is a combination of hardware and software components specifically designed to facilitate the interaction between individuals and technology. Web technology encompasses a vast array of tools, techniques, and standards that are utilized to design, develop, and deliver content across the World Wide Web.  
  In this talk we will explore security and privacy issues in IoT, web technology, smart applications, and propose solutions by combining machine learning algorithms and use of blockchain technologies. We will discuss differential privacy-based system to ensure comprehensive security for data generated by smart homes. Our proposed FedBlockHealth - a novel hybrid approach combining federated learning and blockchain technology to provide a secure and privacy-preserved solution for IoT-enabled healthcare applications will be discussed. Finally, privacy aspects linked to Web-based Chatbots will be discussed to provide the audience a complete understanding on Security and Privacy measures in end-user system.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Dalal N Alharthi  
 “The State of Multi-Cloud Environments: Strategies, Resilience, and Challenges”  

 Abstract:  In today's complex world of multi-cloud architectures, organizations often find themselves dealing with the challenging task of securing a multitude of services. A single misconfiguration in any one of these services can lead to a disaster: a costly data breach that not only affects finances but also damages the organization’s reputation. This talk aims to provide a clear roadmap for handling this challenge. I'll introduce you to a comprehensive strategy for Securing Multi-Cloud Infrastructure—a strategy designed to help you navigate the dynamic nature of cloud environments and strengthen your organization’s defenses effectively. Throughout my talk, you'll gain insights into pivotal steps that form the foundation of a security strategy capable of seamlessly growing alongside your cloud journey. Moreover, I'll explore the evolving threat landscape that may impact the cloud domain. I'll draw upon both industry insights and the perspectives of academia and researchers to offer a 360-degree view of these threats. By bringing together these diverse viewpoints, my goal is to empower cybersecurity researchers and professionals with the knowledge and tools needed to study, build, deploy, and manage secure cloud infrastructure, platforms, and applications.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Amit Dua  
 “Zero-Knowledge Proofs: The Future of Authentication”  

 Abstract:  In the changing realm of cybersecurity it is crucial to strike a balance, between protecting user privacy and ensuring system security. This is where zero knowledge proofs (ZKPs) come into play. An approach that allows for verifying ownership of information without revealing or sharing the data itself. In the talk, I will delve into the fundamentals of ZKPs. Examine their potential to transform authentication protocols. By focusing on real world applications and practical implementations I will share with you how ZKPs have the power to revolutionize information verification offering a future where authentication is both robust and private.  
   
 Close    

 How to Reach  
 CONFERENCE VENUE  
 Manipal University Jaipur, Dehmi Kalan Off Jaipur-Ajmer Expressway Jaipur, (Raj.) Rajasthan 303007.  

  LOCATION  
 Manipal University Jaipur is situated at Dehmi Kalan, off Jaipur-Ajmer Highway, nearly 30 km. from the Main Bus Stand, Railway Station or Airport. It can be accessed by hiring OLA/ UBER/ Local Taxi/ Local Auto. Google Map Link to reach Manipal University Jaipur: Manipal University Jaipur  

  IMPORTANT INFORMATION  
   
 Passport and VISA 
   
 All visitors to India must have a valid passport and visa before coming. Visitors from countries which have signed a special agreement with India are exempted from the visa requirement and allowed to stay in India without a visa for 30 days or up to 90 days, depending on types of agreements. For more information, please contact the local Indian consulate or embassy, or visit the official website of the Ministry of External Affairs  , Government of India.  

 Airport related information 
   
 Indira Gandhi International Airport, Delhi Jaipur Airport, Jaipur (Raj.), India Airport Authority of India  
   
   By Air  
 Jaipur Airport is situated in the satellite town of Sanganer. It has also well connected domestic air links with many Indian cities such as Jodhpur, Udaipur, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkatta, Goa, Bangalore & Mumbai. The distance from Jaipur Airport to MUJ is 27 Kms.  
   
  By Train  
 The Jaipur station is situated within the city area. Indian Railways connects Jaipur from all importent cities of the country and is one of the most cost -effective means of travel. Overnight trains arrive from many major cities including Delhi, Agra, Chennai & Mumbai. Jaipur Railway Station is 24 Kms away from the Manipal University Jaipur. A prepaid taxi / cab service can be used to reach Manipal University.  
   
  By Road  
 Jaipur is well linked by a good network of roadways and road transport to all the important cities. There are excellent bus services between Jaipur – Delhi by Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation with buses approximately running every half an hour both ways. A bus journey typically takes 6 hours by (Volvo) or 6- 7 hrs by other deluxe buses. Travel by car from Delhi to Jaipur takes about 5 hours. The Jaipur bus stand is situated 25 Kms. away from Manipal University Jaipur (MUJ).  

 Organizing Committee  
  
  Chief Patron   
 S. Vaitheeswaran, Chairperson, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Patron   
 G. K. Prabhu, President, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Co-Patron(s)   
 Jawahar Mal Jangir, Pro-President, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Arun Shanbhag, Dean FOE, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Nitu Bhatnagar, Registrar, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Honorary Chair   
 Rajveer Singh Shekhawat, Technical Advisor, Persius Ou, Tallinn, Estonia 
   
  General Chair   
 Sandeep Chaurasia, Director SCSE, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Manoj Kumar Bohra, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Co-General Chair   
 Atilla Elci, Chair SWE Dept., Hasan Kalyoncu University, Türkiye 
   
  Oversight Committee   
 Mahesh Bundele, Poornima College of Engineering, Jaipur, India 
  Rajnish Sharma, Chitkara University, Chandigarh, India 
  Chakradhar C Reddy, Indian Institute of Technology, Ropar, India 
  Pradeep K Gupta, Jaypee University of Information Technology, Waknaghat, India 
  Ashu Verma, Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, India 
   
  Technical Program Committee Chair   
 Parvez Faruki, AVPTI Rajkot, India 
  Sajal Bhatia, Sacred Heart University, USA 
   
  Technical Program Committee Co-chair   
 Vijaypal Singh Dhaka, Director SCCE, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Sumit Srivastava, Director SIT, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Andrei Petrovski, Robert Gordon University, United Kingdom 
  Alexander Chefranov, Eastern Mediterranean University, TRNC 
  Maxim Anikeev, Fraunhofer Institute for Secure Information Technology, Germany 
  Philipp Reinecke, Cardiff University, United Kingdom 
  Hossain Shahriar, Kennesaw State University, USA 
  Behnam Rahnama, Medis Inc., Iran 
  Josef Pieprzyk,CSIRO, Australia, and Polish Academy of Sceiences, Poland 
   
  Local Organizing Chair(s)   
 Neha Chaudhary, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Santosh K. Vishwakarma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Convener(s)   
 Arjun Singh, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Mahesh Jangid, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Co-convener(s)   
 Ankit Vishnoi, Symbiosis Institute of Technology, Symbiosis International (Deemed) University, Pune 
  Somya Goyal, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Finance Committee   
 Anita Shrotriya, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Nirmal Kumar Gupta, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Amit Bairwa, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Publication Committee   
 Sunil Kumar, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Renu Kumawat, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Deepika Shekhawat, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Yadvendra Pratap Singh, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Neelam Chaplot, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Mayank Kumar Jain, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Anshika Malsaria, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Registration & Stage Committee   
 Bali Devi, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Kusum Lata Jain, Manipal University Jaipur 
  Deepika Shekhawat, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Anju Yadav, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Sakshi Shringi, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Babita Tiwari, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Rajesh Kaswan, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Promotion Committee   
 Amit Garg, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Vivek Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Shalini Puri, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Man Mohan Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur 
  Xavier Bellekens, Strathclyde University, Scotland 
  Şerif Bahtiyar, Istanbul Technical University 
  Tahir Sandıkkaya, Istanbul Technical University, Turkey 
  Rajan Shankaran, Macquarie University, Australia 
  Benjamin NGUYEN, INSA/LIFO CVL, France. 
   
  Hospitality and Food Committee   
 Venkatesh Gauri Shankar, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Pooja Gupta, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Aditya Sinha, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Jayesh Gangrade, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  Technical Sessions Committee   
 Neha V Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Varun Tiwari, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Ginika Mahajan, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Tarun Jain, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Deepti Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Satyabrata Roy, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Kavita Jhajharia, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Rahul Saxena, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Avani Sharma, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
   
  E-presence, Website and Informatics Support   
 Amin Partow, Medis Inc., Iran 
  Hanieh Nasirpour, Medis Inc., Iran 

 Atilla Elci  

 Close    

 Parvez Faruki  

  https://sites.google.com/view/parvezkfaruki/    
 Close    

 Advisory Committee  
 Imed Romdhani, Edinburgh Napier University, UK. 
  Anis Koubaa, Prince Sultan University, KSA. 
  Faouzi Zarai, ENET’Com, Tunisia. 
  Bart Preneel, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium 
  Bülent Örencik, Beykent University, Turkey 
  Cetin Kaya Koc, University of California Santa Barbara, USA 
  Edward Dawson, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Elisa Bertino, Purdue University, USA 
  N. Balakrishnan, IISc Bangalore, India 
  Willy Susilo, University of Wollongong, Australia 
  Alexander Shelupanov, Tomsk State University for Control Systems and Radio Electronics, Russia 

 Past Events & Special issues  
 Previous SIN Conf events and their proceedings (see below for special issues and books):  
  
  International Confreence On Secutity Of Information and Networks, 11–13 November 2022 Sousse, Tunisia (SIN 2022) | Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
  Read Summary   
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 15–17 December 2021 Edinburgh, Scotland and Gaziantep, Turkey (SIN 2021) | . Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
  Read Summary   
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 4-7 November 2020 Istanbul, Turkey (SIN 2020) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL. 
  Read Summary   
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 12-15 September 2019 Sochi, Krasnodar Region, Russia (SIN 2019) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL. | Photo Gallery 
   
  International Conference On Security Of Information and Networks, 10-12 September 2018 Cardiff University, Main Building, Cardiff (SIN 2018) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 13-15 October 2017 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India MNIT, Jaipur, India (SIN 2017) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 20-22 July 2016, New Jersey, USA (SIN 2016) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 8-10 September 2015, Sochi, Russia (SIN 2015) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 9-11 September 2014, Glasgow, United Kingdom (SIN 2014) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 26-28 November 2013, Aksaray, Turkey (SIN 2013) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 22-27 October 2012, Jaipur, India (SIN 2012) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 14-19 November 2011, Sydney, Australia (SIN 2011) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 7-11 September 2010, Taganrog, Rostov Region Russia (SIN 2010) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 6-10 October 2009, Gazimagusa, TRNC, North Cyprus (SIN 2009) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 8-10 May 2007, Gazimagusa, TRNC North Cyprus (SIN 2007) | . Proceeding | @Trafford Publishing | . 

 International Conference on Security of Information and Networks series  
  
  SINConf 2020  
   
 Conference version: 13 
  Hosted Institute and Venue: Sponsored by Istanbul Technical University, Istanbul, Türkiye, and Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye. Hosted by Istanbul Technical University, Istanbul, Türkiye. Held Online. 
  Received Paper: 46 submissions 
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:  
 Accepted Paper: 20 full papers 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: Proceedings by ACM Press  
 Number of participants: International and National: totally 68 online 
    
 Close    

 International Conference on Security of Information and Networks series  
  
  SINConf 2021  
   
 Conference version: 14 
  Hosted Institute and Venue: Sponsored by Edinburgh Napier University, Edinburgh, UK, and Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye. Hosted by Edinburgh Napier University, Edinburgh, UK. Held Online. 
  Received Paper: 51 submissions 
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:Proceedings by IEEE Xplore.  
 Accepted Paper: 21 full, 8 short 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers  
 Number of participants: International and National: totally 62 online 
    
 Close    

 International Conference on Security of Information and Networks series  
  
  SINConf 2022  
   
 Conference version: 15 
  Hosted Institute and Venue: Sponsored by the University of Sfax, Tunisia, IEEE Tunisia Section, IEEE Tunisia Computer Chapter, IEEE Council on RFID Tunisia Chapter, ATRS Tunisian Association for Scientific Research, and Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye. Venue: IBEROSTAR Diar Andalous Hotel, The city of Sousse, Tunisia, and Online. 
  Received Paper: 62 submissions 
  International papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers:No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 Proceedings by IEEE Xplore.  
 Accepted Paper: 22 full, 9 short 
  International papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers.  
 National Papers: No distinction is made between national/international papers  
 Number of participants: International and National: totally 32 onsite, 24 online 
    
 Close    

 Dr. Arjun Singh: 9602285688   
 Dr. Mahesh Jangid: 9799969068   
 Email: sinconf2023@gmail.com   
 sinconf@sinconf.org   

 Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved

27. SIN_1 conference:
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator.  
   
  Your support ID is: < 8203162004124207441>  
   
  [Go Back]

28. SIN_2 conference:


29. SIN_3 conference:
Home    
    
 ®   

 How to use our site |  
 (Advanced search) 

 Log in | Username | Password |  
 (Subscribe) | (I forgot my password) 

 2023 IEEE 16th Security of Information and Networks   
   
  Conference   
   
  online and in-person   
   
  20th to 21st November 2023   
  Jaipur, Rajasthan, India   
   
  Website:  https://www.sinconf.org    
  Contact person:  Atilla Elçi   
   
  In succession to the successful annual SIN 2007 - SIN 2022, SIN 2023 provides an international forum for the presentation of research and applications of security in information and networks. Its proceedings will be published by IEEE in IEEE Xplore.   
   
  Organized by:  Hasan Kalyoncu University, and Manipal University   
  Deadline for abstracts/proposals:  31st August 2023   
   
  Check the event website  for more details.  
   
  View all events from this organizer. |

30. RAMiCS_0 conference:
Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science (RAMiCS 2023)     
 Contents   
 Home  Program  Proceedings  Invited speakers  Registration  Venue  Important dates  Sponsors  Participants  Contact  History    
 Invited Speakers   
 Alexander Knapp, Germany  John Stell, UK  Valeria Vignudelli, France    
 Accepted papers   
 List of accepted papers    
 Program Committee   
 Adriana Balan, Romania  Manuel Bodirsky, Germany  Miguel Couceiro, France  Manfred Droste, Germany  Uli Fahrenberg, France  Hitoshi Furusawa, Japan  Wesley Fussner, Switzerland  Silvio Ghilardi, Italy  Roland Glück, Germany (co-chair)  Walter Guttmann, New Zealand  Robin Hirsch, UK  Peter Höfner, Australia  Marcel Jackson, Australia  Ali Jaoua, Qatar  Peter Jipsen, USA  Sebastian Joosten, USA  Barbara König, Germany  Wendy MacCaull, Canada  Roger Maddux, USA  Nelma Moreira, Portugal  Martin Müller, Germany  Damien Pous, France  Luigi Santocanale, France (co-chair)  Ana Sokolova, Austria  Sara Ugolini, Spain  Michael Winter, Canada (co-chair)  Sam van Gool, France    
 Organizing Committee   
 Roland Glück  Luigi Santocanale  Michael Winter    
 Steering Committee   
 Uli Fahrenberg  Walter Guttmann  Peter Höfner  Ali Jaoua  Peter Jipsen  Damien Pous  Luigi Santocanale  Michael Winter    
 20th International Conference on  
  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science  
  RAMiCS 2023  
 RAMiCS 2023 will take place in Augsburg from 3 to 6 April, 2023  .  
 Since 1994, the RAMiCS conference series has been the main venue for research on relation algebras, Kleene algebras and similar algebraic formalisms, and their applications as conceptual and methodological tools in computer science and beyond.  
 Theoretical aspects include semigroups, residuated lattices semirings, Kleene algebras, relation algebras, quantales and other algebras; their connections with program logics and other logics; their use in the theories of automata concurrency, formal languages, games, networks and programming languages; the development of algebraic, algorithmic category-theoretic, coalgebraic and proof-theoretic methods for these theories; their formalisation with theorem provers.  
 Applications include tools and techniques for program correctness, specification and verification; quantitative and qualitative models and semantics of computing systems and processes; algorithm design, automated reasoning, network protocol analysis, social choice, optimisation and control.  
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings are available from 30 March 2023 through 30 April 2023 via this link  .  
 Invited Speakers  
  
 Alexander Knapp, Germany 
  John Stell, UK 
  Valeria Vignudelli, France 
   
 Registration  
 RAMiCS 2023 will take place at the Technologiezentrum Augsburg, as a physical conference. There are no conference fees but, due to limited resources, participation is subject to approval by the conference organisers. Please apply for participation by February 28, 2023, by sending an email to roland.glueck@dlr.de  . Please use this email template   .  
 Venue  
 RAMiCS 2023 will be organized by the Institute of Stuctures and Design  of the German Aerospace Center  and will take place in the room "Innovation" at the Technologiezentrum Augsburg  in Augsburg  .  
   Augsburg can be reached by public transport from both Munich airport  and Memmingen airport  . To get to the venue  from Augsburg central station use the tramway line 3 in the direction of "Inninger Straße/Königsbrunn" or "Königsbrunn Zentrum" (the important part is "Königsbrunn") and leave at "Innovationspark/LfU". The venue is on the right in the direction of travel of the tramway. The following hotels are close to the venue: NinetyNine Hotel 
  ANA Style Hotel 
  Haunstetter Hof 
  B&B Augsburg Süd 
  Super 8 Wyndham 
  ANA Gold Hotel 
  The venue is located a little distance outside the center of Augsburg. However, the center is easily reachable via tramway. Simply enter line 3 at "Innovationspark/LfU" in direction "Königsplatz" and leave there. For the ride you can use a single ticket of price-level 2 or - if you plan to ride more often - you can buy a so-called "Streifenkarte" (strip card) in which case you have to use two strips. Both the single tickets and the strip cards can be purchased at vending machines at every station and have to be devaluated by stamping either inside the tramway or at the station. Of course, the price function is symmetric. The last tramway from the center ("Königsplatz") departs at midnight. Unfortunately, the web page of the Augsburg transport association  is only available in German. Program  
 All times in CEST (UTC+2). Speakers are underlined; click on titles to see abstracts.  
  
 Monday April 03, 2023 
 9:15 | Registration 
 9:45 | Roland Glück | Welcome and Information | Slides 
 10:00 | Session 1. Systems. Chair Bernhard Möller 
 10:00 | Alexander Knapp | Specifying Event/Data-based Systems (invited talk)   Abstract: Event/data-based systems are controlled by events, their local data state may change in reaction to events. Numerous methods and notations for specifying such reactive systems have been designed, though with varying focus on the different development steps and their refinement relations. We first briefly review some of such methods, like temporal/modal logic, TLA, UML state machines, symbolic transition systems, CSP, synchronous languages, and Event-B with their support for parallel composition and refinement. We then present E ↓  -logic for covering a broad range of abstraction levels of event/data-based systems from abstract requirements to constructive specifications in a uniform foundation. E ↓  -logic uses diamond and box modalities over structured events adopted from dynamic logic, for recursive process specifications it offers (control) state variables and binders from hybrid logic. The semantic interpretation relies on event/data transition systems; specification refinement is defined by model class inclusion. Constructive operational specifications given by state transition graphs can be characterised by a single E ↓  -sentence. Also a variety of implementation constructors is available in E ↓  -logic to support, among others, event refinement and parallel composition. Thus the whole development process can rely on E ↓  -logic and its semantics as a common basis. | Slides 
 11:00 | Roland Glück | Compatibility of Refining and Controlling Plant Automata with Bisimulation Quotients (contributed talk)  Abstract: This paper is concerned with the refinement and control of a certain class of labelled transition systems, called plant automata, via bisimulation quotients.Refinement means that arbitrary transitions may be removed whereas control allows only removing edges with the same edge label.The goal is to ensure given LTL properties in the resulting plant automaton.We give a hardness result for refinement and control and investigate, in particular, the question whether refineability and controllability can be decided by looking at bisimulation quotients. | Slides 
 11:30 | Nasos Evangelou-Oost  , Callum Bannister and Ian Hayes | Contextuality in distributed systems (contributed talk)  Abstract: We present a lattice of distributed program specifications, whose ordering represents implementability/refinement.Specifications are modelled by families of subsets of relative execution traces, which encode the local orderings of state transitions, rather than their absolute timing according to a global clock.This is to overcome fundamental physical difficulties with synchronisation.The lattice of specifications is assembled and analysed with several established mathematical tools.Sets of nondegenerate cells of a simplicial set model relative traces, presheaves model the parametrisation of these traces by a topological space of variables, and information algebras reveal novel constraints on program correctness.The latter aspect brings the enterprise of program specification under the widening umbrella of contextual semantics introduced by Abramsky et al.In this model of program specifications, contextuality manifests as a failure of a consistency criterion comparable to Lamport's definition of sequential consistency.The theory of information algebras also suggests efficient local computation algorithms for the verification of this criterion.The novel constructions in this paper have been verified in the proof assistant Isabelle/HOL. | Slides 
 12:00 | Lunch 
 13:30 | Session 2. Representability. Chair Walter Guttmann 
 13:30 | Wesley Fussner  and Peter Jipsen | Poset Product Representations Over Simple Residuated Lattices (short talk) | Slides 
 13:50 | Rudolf Berghammer  and Michael Winter | A General Method for Representing Sets of Relations by Vectors (contributed talk)  Abstract: We present a general method for computing vector representations $\Fr$ of sets of relations. This method is used for obtaining $\Fr$ from an inclusion $\FR \subseteq \FS$, where $\FR$ and $\FS$ are relation-algebraic expressions over a relation rather than its vector representation. The core of the method is a theorem that shows how $\Fr$ can be obtained from $\FR \subseteq \FS$ in one step. As applications we consider some problems concerning kernels of relations. | Slides 
 14:20 | Peter Jipsen and Jas Semrl | Representable and diagonally representable weakening relation algebras (contributed talk)  Abstract: Weakening relations are all binary relations defined on a poset such that the partial order acts as a both-sided compositional identity. This is motivated by the weakening rule in sequent calculi and closely related to models of relevance logic. For a fixed poset the collection of weakening relations is a subreduct of the full relation algebra on the underlying set of the poset. We present a two-player game for the class of representable weakening relation algebras akin to that for the class of representable relation algebras. This enables us to define classes of abstract weakening relation algebras that approximate the quasivariety of representable weakening relation algebras. We give explicit finite axiomatisations for some of these classes. We define the class of diagonally representable weakening relation algebras and prove that it is a discriminator variety. We also provide explicit representations for several small weakening relation algebras. | Slides 
 14:50 | Coffee break 
 15:20 | Session 3. Categories. Chair Alexander Knapp 
 15:20 | Luigi Santocanale  and Cédric de Lacroix | Prenuclear vs. Nuclear Objects in ⋆-Autonomous Categories (short talk) | Slides 
 15:40 | Jesse Sigal  and Chris Heunen | Duoidally enriched Freyd categories (contributed talk)  Abstract: Freyd categories provide a semantics for first-order effectful programming languages by capturing the two different orders of evaluation for products. We enrich Freyd categories in a duoidal category, which provides a new, third choice of parallel composition. Duoidal categories have two monoidal structures which account for the sequential and parallel compositions. The traditional setting is recovered as a full coreflective subcategory for a judicious choice of duoidal category. We give several worked examples of this uniform framework, including the parametrised state monad, basic separation semantics for resources, and interesting cases of change of enrichment. | Slides 
 16:10 | Coffee break 
 16:40 | Session 4. Counting and Enumeration. Chair Michael Winter 
 16:40 | Ambroise Baril  , Miguel Couceiro, and Victor Lagerkvist | Recent Results on Component Twin-Width and Clique-Width with Algorithmic Applications to Counting Graph Colorings (short talk) | Slides 
 17:00 | Arman Shamsgovara | Enumerating, Cataloguing and Classifying all Quantales on up to Nine Elements (contributed talk)  Abstract: Using computer software, every quantale on up to nine elements has been enumerated up to isomorphism, catalogued and classified with respect to various properties. In order to achieve this the enumeration was branched by partitioning the search space based on various isomorphic invariants of quantales. | Slides 
 Tuesday April 04, 2023 
 09:00 | Session 5. Kleene Algebra. Chair Wesley Fussner 
 09:00 | Tobias Kappé | Completeness and the Finite Model Property for Kleene Algebra, Reconsidered (contributed talk)  Abstract: Kleene Algebra (KA) is the algebra of regular expressions. Central to the study of KA is Kozen's (1994) completeness result, which says that any equivalence valid in the language model of KA follows from the axioms of KA. Also of interest is the finite model property (FMP), which says that false equivalences always have a finite counterexample. Palka (2005) showed that, for KA, the FMP is equivalent to completeness.We provide a unified and elementary proof of both properties. In contrast with earlier completeness proofs, this proof does not rely on minimality or bisimilarity techniques for deterministic automata. Instead, our approach avoids deterministic automata altogether, and uses Antimirov's derivatives and the well-known transition monoid construction.Our results are fully verified in the Coq proof assistant. | Slides 
 09:30 | Igor Sedlár | On the Complexity of *-Continuous Kleene Algebra With Domain (contributed talk)  Abstract: We prove that the equational theory of *-continuous Kleene algebra with domain is EXPTIME-complete. Our proof makes essential use of Hollenberg's equational axiomatization of program equations valid in relational test algebra. | Slides 
 10:00 | Coffee break 
 10:40 | Session 6. Algebras and Varieties. Chair Roland Glück 
 10:40 | Stefano Aguzzoli and Matteo Bianchi | Amalgamation property for some varieties of BL-algebras generated by one finite set of BL-chains with finitely-many components (contributed talk)  Abstract: BL-algebras are the algebraic semantics of Basic logic BL, the logic of all continuous t-norms and their residua. In a previous work, we provided the classification of the amalgamation property (AP) for the varieties of BL-algebras generated by one BL-chain with finitely-many components. As an open problem, we left the analysis of the AP for varieties of BL-algebras generated by one finite set of BL-chains with finitely-many components. In this paper we provide a partial solution to this problem. We provide a classification of the AP for the varieties of BL-algebras generated by one finite set of BL-chains with finitely-many components, which are either cancellative hoops or finite Wajsberg hoops. We also discuss the difficulties to generalize this approach to the more general case. | Slides 
 11:10 | Hans Leiß | An Algebraic Representation of the Fixed-Point Closure of *-Continuous Kleene Algebras (short talk) | Slides 
 11:30 | Mark Hopkins and Hans Leiß | Normal Forms for Elements of the *-Continuous Kleene Algebras K (x) C2' (contributed talk)  Abstract: The tensor product (K (x) C2') of the *-continuous Kleene algebra K with the polycyclic *-continuous Kleene algebra C2' of two bracket pairs contains a copy of the fixed-point closure of K: the centralizer of C2' in (K (x) C2'). We prove a representation of elements of (K (x) C2') by automata a la Kleene and refine it by normal form theorems that restrict the occurrences of brackets on paths through the automata. This is the basis for a calculus of context-free expressions. | Slides 
 12:00 | Lunch 
 13:30 | Session 7. Chair Luigi Santocanale 
 13:30 | Valeria Vignudelli | Equational Theories and Distances for Computational Effects (invited talk)   Abstract: Computational effects such as nondeterminism and probabilities can be abstractly modelled in category theory as monads, and can be syntactically described in universal algebra via equational theories. Equational theories allow us to reason on the equivalence of programs with computational effects. In recent years, much work has been devoted to the development of techniques to reason not only on program equivalence, but also on program distances. The correspondence between monads and equational theories has been extended to capture such notions of distances, via the framework of quantitative equational theories. In this talk, I will present such correspondence between monads and equational theories, as well as recent results applying the framework of quantitative equational theories to computational effects and distances on them. I will show several examples of axiomatizations, including more involved cases such as the combination of nondeterminism, probabilities and termination. | Slides 
 14:30 | Coffee break 
 15:00 | Session 8. Algebraic Structures. Chair Baltasar Trancón Y Widemann 
 15:00 | Jeremy F. Alm, David Andrews and Michael Levet | Comer Schemes, Relation Algebras, and the Flexible Atom Conjecture (contributed talk)  Abstract: In this paper, we consider relational structures arising from Comer's finite field construction, where the cosets need not be sum free. These Comer schemes generalize the notion of a Ramsey scheme and may be of independent interest. As an application, we give the first finite representation of $34_{65}$. We complement our upper bounds with some lower bounds. Using a SAT solver, we establish that $33_{65}$ is not representable on fewer than $24$ points and $34_{65}$ is not representable on fewer than $24$ points. | Slides 
 15:30 | José Gil-Férez  , Peter Jipsen and Siddhartha Lodhia | The structure of locally integral involutive po-monoids and semirings (contributed talk)  Abstract: We show that every locally integral involutive partially ordered monoid (ipo-monoid) $\mathbf A = (A,\le, \cdot, 1, \sim, -)$, and in particular every locally integral involutive semiring, decomposes in a unique way into a family $\{\mathbf A_p : p\in A^+\}$ of integral ipo-monoids, which we call its \emph{integral components}. In the semiring case, the integral components are semirings. Moreover, we show that there is a family of monoidal homomorphisms $\Phi = \{\varphi_{pq}\colon \mathbf A_p\to \mathbf A_q : p\leq q\}$, indexed on the positive cone $(A^+,\leq)$, so that the structure of $\mathbf A$ can be recovered as a glueing $\int_\Phi \mathbf A_p$ of its integral components along $\Phi$. Reciprocally, we give necessary and sufficient conditions so that the P\l{}onka sum of any family of integral ipo-monoids $\{\mathbf A_p : p\in D\}$, indexed on a lower-bounded join-semilattice $(D,\vee, 1)$, along a family of monoidal homomorphisms $\Phi$ is an ipo-monoid. | Slides 
 16:00 | Andrew Lewis-Smith  and Jas Semrl | Implication Algebras and Implication Semigroups of Binary Relations (contributed talk)  Abstract: Implication algebras are known to be axiomatised by a finite number of equations (making the representation and finite representation problems decidable in that case). We show that this also holds in the context of unary (and binary) relations and present a Stone-style representation theorem. We then show that the (finite) representation decision problem is undecidable for implication semigroups, in stark contrast with implication algebras. | Slides 
 16:30 | Break 
 17:30 | Social event | Guided tour through Augsburg, meeting point at town hall Augsburg 
 19:00 | Dinner | Dinner at Wirtshaus am Dom  ( location  ) 
 Wednesday April 05, 2023 
 09:10 | Session 9. Models and Programs. Chair Tobias Kappé 
 09:10 | Laura Kovács and Anton Varonka | What Else is Undecidable about Loops? (contributed talk)  Abstract: We address algebraic aspects of invariant generation and proving termination, two central questions of program analysis, for non-deterministic loops with polynomial updates. Our focus is sketching the boundary of (un-)decidability for both problems between different classes of programs. The first main contribution of this work is related to the question raised by Braverman in 2006: ``How much non-determinism can be introduced in a linear loop before termination becomes undecidable?'' We show that termination of loops with a purely non-deterministic choice between linear updates is undecidable in the presence of linear inequality loop conditions. In the context of invariants, an algorithm is known that computes all polynomial relations among variables of loops with multiple linear updates. At the same time, allowing polynomial assignments of higher degrees was shown to result in algorithmic unsolvability. We highlight that negative results in fact do not exploit general polynomial updates. We show that no algorithm can find all polynomial relations for programs as soon as quadratic updates or updates guarded by affine equalities are involved. | Slides 
 09:40 | Yannick Chevalier | Model Synthesis based on Experience (short talk) | Slides 
 10:00 | Martin E. Bidlingmaier | Datalog with Equality: Semantics and Evaluation (short talk) | Slides 
 10:20 | Coffee break 
 11:00 | Session 10. Chair Igor Sedlár 
 11:00 | John Stell | Algebra and Logic in Granularity (invited talk)   Abstract: Conceptually, a relation on a set can be understood as a lens through which subsets are seen in different ways. For example, at different levels of detail. This idea underlies some basic operations in mathematical morphology as used in image processing. In a more abstract setting, the idea also fits one view of quantale modules, where a quantale acting on a complete lattice models the operation of observing elements of the lattice by means of the elements of quantale. This talk will consider the role of relations, and their generalizations, in the development of a theory of granularity, or level of detail. Starting from basic mathematical morphology, algebraic and logical structures motivated by extensions of this will be discussed. To explain the starting point, mathematical morphology is a body of techniques used in image processing since the 1960s. The algebraic basis of these techniques is already well-known through the work of Serra, Heijmans, Ronse, and others. A black and white image can be seen as a subset of a set of pixels. Operations mapping subsets to subsets provide ways of modifying images. Such operations arise from relations on the underlying set. Algebraically, a binary relation induces an adjunction yielding the dilation (left, or lower, adjoint) and erosion (right, or upper, adjoint) operations used in image processing. From these are derived openings and closings. Families of openings and closings are used to build ''alternating sequential filters'', ''granulometries'' and further practically useful operations. Mathematical morphology was extended from sets of pixels to graphs and subgraphs. The appropriate notion of relation to deal with this was identified, and these can be seen as quantale-enriched distributors. A quite separate application of quantales to mathematical morphology was developed by Russo. The talk will discuss connections between these accounts. | Slides 
 12:00 | Lunch 
 13:50 | Business meeting 
 15:50 | Coffee break 
 16:30 | Interdisciplinary event | Guided tour through the facilities  of the Center for Lightweight Production Technology  , with discussions 
 Thursday April 06, 2023 
 09:10 | Session 11. Relation Algebra. Chair Stef Joosten 
 09:10 | Anthony Brogni  and Sebastiaan J. C. Joosten | Translating First-Order Predicate Logic to Relation Algebra, an Implementation (short talk) | Slides 
 09:30 | Walter Guttmann | Dependences between Domain Constructions in Heterogeneous Relation Algebras (contributed talk)  Abstract: We show the following dependences between relational domain constructions in the framework of heterogeneous relation algebras. If all power sets and subsets exist and objects are comparable, then all sums exist. If all sums exist and atoms are rectangular, then all products exist. If all atoms are rectangular, then all subsets exist if and only if all quotients exist. We give models with rectangular atoms which rule out further dependences between these constructions. | Slides 
 10:00 | Michael Winter | Relational Algebraic Approach to the Real Numbers - The Additive Group (contributed talk)  Abstract: In this paper we start the investigation of an object representing the real numbers in categories of relations. Our axiomatization uses the construction of a relation power, i.e., an abstract version of power sets within the category. This allows us to utilize a relation algebraic version of Tarski's axioms of the real numbers as a first-order definition of a real number object. The current paper focuses on the addition operation of the real number object. It is shown that addition forms a densely and linearly ordered abelian group. | Slides 
 10:30 | Coffee break 
 11:10 | Session 12. Relations and Reality. Chair José Gil-Férez 
 11:10 | Roland Glück  and Florian Krebs | Toward Ontology-based Production - Relations building Airplanes (short talk) | Slides 
 11:30 | Baltasar Trancón Y Widemann  and Markus Lepper | Towards a Theory of Conversion Relations for Prefixed Units of Measure (contributed talk)  Abstract: Units of measure with prefixes and conversion rules are given a formal semantic model in terms of categorial group theory. Basic structures and both natural and contingent semantic operations are defined. Conversion rules are represented as a class of ternary relations with both group-like and category-like properties. A hierarchy of subclasses is explored, with increasingly benign algebraic behavior, culminating in a direct efficient conversion-by-rewriting algorithm. | Slides 
 12:00 | Lunch 
 13:40 | Farewell 
  
 Call for papers  
 Submission is via EasyChair at https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ramics2023  .  
   All papers will be peer-reviewed by at least three referees. The proceedings will be published in an LNCS volume by Springer, ready at the conference. Submissions must not be published or under review for publication elsewhere. Submissions must be in English using a PDF not exceeding 16 pages  in LNCS style.  
 Submissions must provide sufficient information to judge their merits. Additional material may be provided in a clearly marked appendix or by a reference to a manuscript on a web site. Experimental data, software or mathematical components for theorem provers must be available in sufficient detail for referees. Deviation from these requirements may lead to rejection.  
 One author of each accepted paper is expected to present the paper at the conference. Accepted papers must be produced with LaTeX. Formatting instructions and LNCS style files are available at http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html  .  
 As for earlier RAMiCS conferences, we intend to publish a journal special issue with revised and extended versions of a selection of the best papers.  
 Important dates  
 All dates are AoE (anywhere on Earth):  
 Abstract Submission: | September 23  October 7, 2022 
  Paper Submission: | September 30  October 14, 2022 
  Author Notification: | December 09  December 16, 2022 
  Final version: | January 06, 2023 
  RAMiCS 2023: April 03, 2023 -> April 06, 2023 
   
 RAMiCS 2023 Sponsors  
      Contact  
 ramics2023@easychair.org   
 History of RAMiCS  
 RAMiCS 2021, Marseille, France   
  RAMiCS 2020, Palaiseau, France (virtual event)   
  RAMiCS 2018, Groningen, The Netherlands   
  RAMiCS 2017, Lyon, France   
  RAMiCS 2015, Braga, Portugal   
  RAMiCS 2014, Marienstatt, Germany   
  RAMiCS 2012, Cambridge, UK   
  RAMiCS 2011, Rotterdam, The Netherlands   
  RelMiCS/AKA 2009, Doha, Qatar   
  RelMiCS/AKA 2008, Frauenwörth, Germany   
  RelMiCS/AKA 2006, Manchester, UK   
  RelMiCS/AKA 2005, St. Catherines, Canada   
  RelMiCS/AKA 2003, Malente, Germany   
  RelMiCS 2001, Oisterwijk, The Netherlands   
  AKA 2001, Dagstuhl, Germany   
  RelMiCS 2000, Valcartier, Canada   
  RelMiCS 1998, Warsaw, Poland  
  RelMiCS 1997, Hammamet, Tunisia  
  RelMiCS 1995, Parati, Brazil  
  RelMiCS 1994, Dagstuhl, Dagstuhl, Germany   
  RelMiCS Home Page   
    
 Website design based on Blue Haze  by haran  from OSWD  . Contact

31. RAMiCS_1 conference:
dblp | Blog 
  Statistics 
   Update feed 
  XML dump 
  RDF dump 
  browse | Persons 
   Conferences 
  Journals 
  Series 
  Repositories 
  search | Search dblp 
  SPARQL queries 
   Lookup by ID 
  about | F.A.Q. 
  Team 
  Advisory Board 
   License 
  Privacy 
  Imprint 
  nfdi | NFDI - National Research Data Infrastructure Germany 
  consortia 
   NFDIxCS 
  events | | | twitter 
   NFDI4DataScience 
  ORKG 
  CEUR 
  MyBinder 
  events | | | twitter | | | publications 
   
 stop the war! | Зупиніть війну! 
  Остановите войну! 
  solidarity | - | (ua) | - | (ru) 
  news | - | (ua) | - | (ru) 
  donate | - | donate | - | donate 
   for scientists 
  ERA4Ukraine 
  Assistance in Germany 
  Ukrainian Global University 
  #ScienceForUkraine 

 We've just launched a new service: our brand new dblp SPARQL query service   . Read more about it in our latest blog post  or try out some of the SPARQL queries linked on the dblp web pages below.   

 default search action   
 combined dblp search 
  author search 
  venue search 
  publication search 

  Authors:  no matches 
     
 Venues:  no matches 
     
 Publications:  no matches 

 ask others   
 Google 
  Google Scholar 
  Semantic Scholar 
  Internet Archive Scholar 
  CiteSeerX 
  ORCID 

 "Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science - 20th International ..."  
 help us   
 How can I correct errors in dblp? 
  contact dblp 
   
 Roland Glück, Luigi Santocanale, Michael Winter (2023)   

  Trier   
 Dagstuhl 

 > Home 

 SPARQL queries   
  
 run query for this record   
 referenced publications 
  cited by publications 
  co-cited publications 
  citing venues 
  co-cited venues 
  or build your own?    

 Details and statistics  
 show external API response   
 JSON @ openalex.org 
  see also:   
 API doc @ openalex.org 

 DOI:  10.1007/978-3-031-28083-2   
 access:  closed  
 type:  Editorship  
 metadata version:  2023-03-10  
   
 Open Alex   

 view   
 table of contents in dblp 
  electronic edition via DOI 
  unpaywalled version 
  authority control: 
  export record   
 BibTeX 
  RIS 
  RDF N-Triples 
  RDF Turtle 
  RDF/XML 
  XML 
  dblp key:   
 conf/RelMiCS/2023 
  ask others   
 Google 
  Google Scholar 
  Semantic Scholar 
  Internet Archive Scholar 
  CiteSeerX 
  PubPeer 
  share record   
 Twitter 
  Reddit 
  BibSonomy 
  LinkedIn 
  Facebook 
  persistent URL:   
 https://dblp.org/rec/conf/RelMiCS/2023 | Roland Glück     , Luigi Santocanale     , Michael Winter    :  
  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science - 20th International Conference, RAMiCS 2023, Augsburg, Germany, April 3-6, 2023, Proceedings.  Lecture Notes in Computer Science    13896, Springer  2023  , ISBN 978-3-031-28082-5  [contents] 
    
 Please note:  Providing information about references and citations is only possible thanks to to the open metadata APIs provided by crossref.org  and opencitations.net  . If citation data of your publications is not openly available yet, then please consider asking your publisher to release your citation data to the public.  For more information please see the Initiative for Open Citations (I4OC)  . Please also note that there is no way of submitting missing references or citation data directly to dblp.  
   
 Please also note that this feature is work in progress  and that it is still far from being perfect. That is, in particular,  
 the lists below may be incomplete due to unavailable citation data, 
  reference strings may not have been successfully mapped to the items listed in dblp, and 
  we do not have complete and curated metadata for all items given in these lists. 
    
 JavaScript is requires in order to retrieve and display any references and citations for this record.  
   
 References  
 show external API response   
 JSON @ crossref.org 
  JSON @ opencitations.net 
  CSV @ opencitations.net 
  JSON @ semanticscholar.org 
  see also:   
 API doc @ crossref.org 
  API doc @ opencitations.net 
  API doc @ semanticscholar.org 

 Cited by  
 show external API response   
 JSON @ opencitations.net 
  CSV @ opencitations.net 
  JSON @ semanticscholar.org 
  see also:   
 API doc @ opencitations.net 
  API doc @ semanticscholar.org 

 manage site settings   
 To protect your privacy, all features that rely on external API calls from your browser are turned off by default  . You need to opt-in for them to become active. All settings here will be stored as cookies with your web browser. For more information see our F.A.Q.   
   
 Unpaywalled article links   
 Add open access links from   to the list of external document links (if available).  
  load links from unpaywall.org    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of unpaywall.org  to load hyperlinks to open access articles. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Unpaywall privacy policy  .   

 Archived links via Wayback Machine   
 For web page which are no longer available, try to retrieve content from the   of the Internet Archive (if available).  
  load content from archive.org    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of archive.org  to check for archived content of web pages that are no longer available. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Internet Archive privacy policy  .   

 Reference lists   
 Add a list of references from   ,   , and   to record detail pages.  
  load references from crossref.org and opencitations.net    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the APIs of crossref.org  , opencitations.net  , and semanticscholar.org  to load article reference information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Crossref privacy policy  and the OpenCitations privacy policy  , as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy  covering Semantic Scholar.   

 Citation data   
 Add a list of citing articles from   and   to record detail pages.  
  load citations from opencitations.net    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of opencitations.net  and semanticscholar.org  to load citation information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the OpenCitations privacy policy  as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy  covering Semantic Scholar.   

 OpenAlex data   
 Load additional information about publications from   .  
  load data from openalex.org    
 Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of openalex.org  to load additional information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the information given by OpenAlex  .   

   last updated on 2023-03-10 15:47 CET by the dblp team   
   all metadata released as open data  under CC0 1.0 license   
 see also: Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy  | Imprint   
   
 dblp was originally created in 1993 at:  
     
 since 2018, dblp has been operated and maintained by:  
     
 the dblp computer science bibliography is funded and supported by:

32. RAMiCS_2 conference:
Skip to main content    

 Institute of Science Tokyo Library  
  Online Catalog  
  (Ookayama Library and Suzukedakei Library)     
 Library Top Page 
  Electronic journals List 
  Online Request 
  New Books List 
  New Journals List 
  Library Catalog 
  Article DB 
  Source Title DB 
  Cross Search 
  Books Ranking 
  Book Review 
  Bookmarks 
  Help 
  English  日本語 
    
 English  日本語    

 >> Google Books      Bookmarked   

 Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science: 20th International Conference, RAMiCS 2023, Augsburg, Germany, April 3–6, 2023, Proceedings / Roland Glück, Luigi Santocanale, Michael Winter  
 Format:  eBook   Published:  SpringerLink Books - AutoHoldings  
  Springer Nature, 2023  Authors:  Roland Glück 
  Santocanale, Luigi 
  Winter, Michael 
    
  ISBN:  9783031280825 [3031280822]  
  9783031280832 [3031280830]  NCID:  OB00516509        
  
 Holding items in this series   
  
  Full Text   
  
  Holdings |  
 Bibliography Details   
 Language: | English | Language: | English 
 Language: | English 
 Book Review |  

 Similar Items:  
  
 1   eBook  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science : 19th International Conference, RAMiCS 2021, Marseille, France, November 2-5, 2021, Proceedings      
 Fahrenberg, Uli, Gehrke, Mai, Santocanale, Luigi, Winter, Michael  
 SpringerLink Books - AutoHoldings, Springer | 7   Book  Relational and Kleene-Algebraic methods in computer science : 7th International Seminar on Relational Methods in Computer Science and 2nd International Workshop …      
 RelMiCS, Berghammer, Rudolf, Möller, Bernhard, 1953-, Struth, Georg, International Workshop on Applications of Kleene …  
 Springer 
 2   eBook  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science      
 Kahl, Oliveira, José, Winter, Michael  
 SpringerLink Books - AutoHoldings, Springer International Publishing | 8   eBook  Relational and Kleene-Algebraic Methods in Computer Science : 7th International Seminar on Relational Methods in Computer Science and 2nd International Workshop …      
 Berghammer, R., Möller, Bernhard., Struth, Georg., SpringerLink (Online service) 
 3   eBook  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science      
 Fahrenberg, Jipsen, Peter, Winter, Michael  
 SpringerLink Books - AutoHoldings, Springer International Publishing | 9   eBook  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science      
 Peter H?��fner, Peter Jipsen, Wolfram Kahl, Martin Eric M??ller  
 Springer eBooks Computer Science, Springer International Publishing 
 4   Book  Relational methods in computer science : 8th International Seminar on Relational Methods in Computer Science 3rd International Workshop on Applications of …      
 International Workshop on Applications of Kleene Algebra, Workshop of COST Action 274 TARSKI, MacCaull, Wendy, Winter, …  
 Springer | 10   eBook  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science      
 H?fner  
 Springer eBooks Computer Science, Springer International Publishing 
 5   eBook  Relational Methods in Computer Science      
 MacCaull, Wendy, D?ntsch, Ivo, Kanade, Takeo, Winter, Michael, European Cooperation in the Field of Scientific and …  
 Springer eBooks Computer Science, Springer Berlin / Heidelberg | 11   eBook  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science      
 Kahl  
 Springer eBooks Computer Science, Springer International Publishing 
 6   eBook  Relational Methods in Computer Science      
 MacCaull, Wendy, Düntsch, Ivo, Kanade, Takeo, Winter, Michael, European Cooperation in the Field of Scientific and …  
 SpringerLink Books - AutoHoldings, Springer Berlin / Heidelberg | 12   eBook  Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science      
 Swart, Harrie, Kanade, Takeo  
 Springer eBooks Computer Science, Springer Berlin Heidelberg 

 1   
     
 2   
     
 3   
     
 4   
     
 5   
     
 6   
     
 7   
     
 8   
     
 9   
     
 10   
     
 11   
     
 12

33. RCIS_0 conference:
The 17th International Conference on Research Challenges in Information Science  
 23 - 26 May 2023, Corfu, Greece  
   
 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Calls | Papers 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Forum 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Research Projects @ RCIS Track 
  Journal-First Papers 
  Committees | Conference Chairs 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Board 
  Program Committee 
  Program | Keynotes 
  Accepted Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Venue | Conference Venue 
  Get to know Corfu 
  Reception 
  Sightseeing Tour 
  Gala Dinner 
  Registration 

 Latest News   
 May 23 2023  : RCIS 2023 conference is now ready to open, welcome!  
      
 May 18 2023  : The details for the RCIS 2023 sightseeing tour have been updated!   
 May 18 2023  : The details for the RCIS 2023 sightseeing tour have been updated!   
 April 28 2023  : The gala dinner location is now announced!   
 April 25 2023  : The list of accepted papers (full conference, forum, doctoral consortium, journal - first) is now published!   
 April 24 2023  : The Program of the Conference is now announced!   
 March 21 2023  : RCIS 2023 Program Board met in Paris and notifications of papers for the main conference and forum have already been sent! Stay tuned for the programme!   
 February 23 2023  : Extension on the dates for the call for Research Projects - February 24, 2023  New date: March 13, 2023    
  January 26 2023  :    We consider that the authors need more time. We would like to change the deadlines from: Deadline 29.01.2023  to the following.  
  Abstracts (*mandatory*): February 5th  
  Full Papers: February 10th    
 January 23 2022  : Call for Papers - Submission  , Deadline 29.01.2023  -> February 5th 2023 (abstracts - mandatory), February 10th 2023 (Full Papers)    
 October 21 2022  : Conference dates: 23 - 26 May.  
  Place: Corfu, Greece. Hosting from Ionian University  and NMSLab  from the Department of informatics  .   
 October 20 2022  : The New Website of RCIS is ready!  

  Contact   
 Ionian University Email:  rcis2023@ionio.gr    
   
 Twitter Feed (check)   
 RCIS_Conference   
   
    Organizers  

 The Conference - Research Challenges in Information Science   
  
 Research Challenges in Information Science   
  The 17th International Conference, RCIS 2023, Corfu, Greece, 23-26 May, 2023   
  
  Proceedings  
   
  The conference proceedings can be downloaded free of charge for a limited time period (4 weeks) by inserting the passkey that is provided by the Conference below.  
    
 passkey:    

 Scope and Topics   
 In the age of connectivity, we experience technological components functioning and communicating in new, expanded ways. Large and interconnected information and communication systems create, aggregate, analyze, communicate, transform and generally process data from various sources to serve a range of applications, services and systems. This spectrum of connectivity enables new opportunities, challenges, issues and risks, which call for investigation and consideration by practitioners, researchers, and other stakeholders. RCIS 2023 will welcome scientists, researchers, engineers and practitioners from a wide range of information science fields and will bring them together to provide opportunities for knowledge sharing and dissemination towards connected information systems and services. Hence, this year, RCIS 2023 has chosen the theme Information Science and the Connected World to be in the center of its reflections and discussions.  
 RCIS welcomes submissions from the whole spectrum of the information science field. The list of themes and topics includes, but is not limited to:  

 A1. Information Systems and their Engineering | A2. User-Oriented Approaches 
 A3. Data and Information Management | A4. Business Process Management 
 A5. Domain-specific IS Engineering | A6. Data Science 
 A7. Information Infrastructures | A8. Reflective Research and Practice 

 Special Journal Issue   
  
 Domain Knowledge Engineering  
  DKE | A selection of the best accepted papers of RCIS 2023, chosen by a dedicated committee, will be invited to submit an extended version of the RCIS paper to the Data & Knowledge Engineering (DKE) journal published by Elsevier ( https://www.journals.elsevier.com/data-and-knowledge-engineering  ). The selection of the papers to invite will be based on the review scores and arguments and the potential for extension. 

  Venue   
 RCIS 2023 will be held in the Corfu, organized by Networks, Multimedia and Security Systems Laboratory (NMSLab) of the Department of the Informatics of the Ionian University.  

 Past News   
 October 21 2022  : Call for Papers - Submission  , Deadline 29.01.2023.    
 October 21 2022  : Conference dates: 23 - 26 May.  
  Place: Corfu, Greece. Hosting from Ionian University  and NMSLab  from the Department of informatics  .   
 October 20 2022  : The New Website of RCIS is ready!  

  International Conference on Research Challenges in Information Science 2023  
     
 Sponsors   

  Publishers   

   Research Challenges in Information Science Series   
 RCIS-2007  | RCIS-2008  | RCIS-2009  | RCIS-2010  | RCIS-2011  | RCIS-2012  | RCIS-2013  | RCIS-2014  | RCIS-2015  | RCIS-2016  | RCIS-2017  | RCIS-2018  | RCIS-2019  | RCIS-2020  | RCIS-2021  | RCIS-2022

34. RCIS_1 conference:
The 17th International Conference on Research Challenges in Information Science  
 23 - 26 May 2023, Corfu, Greece  
   
 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Calls | Papers 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Forum 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Research Projects @ RCIS Track 
  Journal-First Papers 
  Committees | Conference Chairs 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Board 
  Program Committee 
  Program | Keynotes 
  Accepted Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Venue | Conference Venue 
  Get to know Corfu 
  Reception 
  Sightseeing Tour 
  Gala Dinner 
  Registration 

 Program Overview   
 All times depicted below are local GR times | Go to the Detailed Program    
   Tuesday   
 Tuesday, 23 May 2023 | Wednesday, 24 May 2023 | Thursday, 25 May 2023 | Friday, 26 May 2023 
 8:00 | Registration  ( Department of Informatics  ) | Registration  ( Department of Informatics  ) |  
 8:30 | Registration  ( Department of Informatics  ) | Registration  ( Department of Informatics  ) 
 09:00-10:30 | RCIS 2023 OPENING (Auditorium) | Keynote  : Schahram DUSTDAR  
   
  Research challenges for large-scale interconnected ecosystems  
   
  (Auditorium) | Tutorial 3 :   
  Comparing Products using Similarity Matching  
  (Room 1) | PANEL   
  Trends and Challenges in Information Science for a Connected World  
  (Auditorium) | Keynote :  Sokratis K. KATSIKAS  
   
  Artificial Intelligence and Cybersecurity in the Connected World: A viable partnership?  
   
  (Auditorium) 
 Keynote :  Nancy POULOUDI Building bridges in shaky contexts: navigating the digitally interconnected world  
 (Auditorium) 
 10:30-11:00 | COFFEE BREAK (Outdoors) | COFFEE BREAK (Outdoors) | COFFEE BREAK (Outdoors) | COFFEE BREAK (Outdoors) 
 11:00-12:30 | Tutorial 1 :  
   Blockchain Technology in Information Science: How Blockchains Enable the Connected World (Room 3) | Research Projects (Room 1) | Session 3 :  
   Machine Learning and Analytics  
  (Room 3) | Tutorial 2 :  
   How to Develop and Realize Conceptual Models? The Bee-Up Research & Education Support Tool  
  (Room 1) | Tutorial 3 :  
   Comparing Products using Similarity Matching (Room 1) | Session 6 :  Requirements and Evaluation  
  (Room 3) | Session 9 :   
  User interface and experience  
  (Room 3) | Tutorial 4 :   
  Getting started with scriptless test automation through the graphical user interface, a hands-on tutorial  
  (Room 1) 
 12:30-14:00 | LUNCH BREAK (Outdoors) | LUNCH BREAK (Outdoors) | LUNCH BREAK (Outdoors) | Best paper awards and RCIS 2023  
  CLOSING (Room 3) 
 14:00-15:30 | Session 1 :   
  Requirements  
  (Room 3) | Research Projects (Room 1) | Session 4 :   
  Conceptual modeling and semantic networks (Room 3) | FORUM Posters (Outdoors) | Session 7 :   
  Monitoring and recommending  
  (Room 3) | Doctoral Consortium (Room 1) | Sightseeing Tour  
  ... from the sea 
 15:30-16:00 | COFFEE BREAK (Outdoors) | COFFEE BREAK (Outdoors) | COFFEE BREAK (Outdoors) 
 16:00-18:00 | Session 2 :   
  Conceptual modeling and ontologies  
  (Room 1) | Coaching and Mentoring   
  (Room 3) | Session 5 :   
  Business Process Design and Computing in the Continuum  
  (Room 3) | FORUM Posters  (Outdoors) | Session 8 :  
   Business processes analysis and improvement  
  (Room 3) | Doctoral Consortium (Room 1) 
 FORUM Pitches (Room 3) 
 19:00 - 21:00 | Welcome reception (Ionian Academy) |  
 20:00 | Gala dinner |  

  Location for Room 1 and Room 3:  Department of Informatics  

 Location for Auditorium:  Department of History  
   
 How to get from Auditorium to Room 1 and Room 3   
   
 Please note that the registration will be done at the Department of Informatics   

  International Conference on Research Challenges in Information Science 2023  
     
 Sponsors   

  Publishers   

   Research Challenges in Information Science Series   
 RCIS-2007  | RCIS-2008  | RCIS-2009  | RCIS-2010  | RCIS-2011  | RCIS-2012  | RCIS-2013  | RCIS-2014  | RCIS-2015  | RCIS-2016  | RCIS-2017  | RCIS-2018  | RCIS-2019  | RCIS-2020  | RCIS-2021  | RCIS-2022

35. RCIS_2 conference:
Anmelden 
  Registrierung 
  Deutsch  English 
  Español 
  Português 
  Français 

     Dom 
  Najlepsze kategorie | CAREER & MONEY 
  PERSONAL GROWTH 
  POLITICS & CURRENT AFFAIRS 
  SCIENCE & TECH 
  HEALTH & FITNESS 
  LIFESTYLE 
  ENTERTAINMENT 
  BIOGRAPHIES & HISTORY 
  FICTION 
  Najlepsze historie 
  Najlepsze historie 
  Dodaj historię 
  Moje historie 

 Home 
  Research Challenges in Information Science: Information Science and the Connected World: 17th International Conference, RCIS 2023, Corfu, Greece, May 23–26, 2023, Proceedings 9783031330803, 9783031330797, 3031330803 

 Research Challenges in Information Science: Information Science and the Connected World: 17th International Conference, RCIS 2023, Corfu, Greece, May 23–26, 2023, Proceedings 9783031330803, 9783031330797, 3031330803   
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Research Challenges in Information Science   
  240    74    50MB    
  English   Pages 692   Year 2023    
  Report DMCA / Copyright    
  DOWNLOAD FILE   

 Author / Uploaded 
  Selmin Nurcan 
  Andreas L. Opdahl 
  Haralambos Mouratidis 
  Aggeliki Tsohou 

 Polecaj historie   

 Research Challenges in Information Science. Information Science and the Connected World. 17th International Conference, RCIS 2023 Corfu, Greece, May 23–26, 2023 Proceedings 9783031330797, 9783031330803  
  
  490    95    39MB    Read more   

 Research Challenges in Information Science: Information Science and the Connected World: 17th International Conference, RCIS 2023 Corfu, Greece, May 23–26, 2023 Proceedings 303133079X, 9783031330797  
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Research Challenges in Information Science  
  522    57    39MB    Read more   

 Management of Digital EcoSystems: 15th International Conference, MEDES 2023, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, May 5–7, 2023, Revised Selected Papers (Communications in Computer and Information Science) 3031516427, 9783031516429  
 This book constitutes the revised selected papers of the 15th International Conference, MEDES 2023, Heraklion, Crete, Gr  
  142    106    Read more   

 Emerging Information Security and Applications: 4th International Conference, EISA 2023, Hangzhou, China, December 6–7, 2023, Proceedings (Communications in Computer and Information Science) 9819996139, 9789819996131  
 This volume constitutes the proceedings presented at the 4th International Conference on Emerging Information Security a  
  144    12    Read more   

 Neural Information Processing: 30th International Conference, ICONIP 2023, Changsha, China, November 20–23, 2023, Proceedings, Part X (Communications in Computer and Information Science) 9819981409, 9789819981403  
 The nine-volume set constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 30th International Conference on Neural Information Proc  
  286    76    Read more   

 The Semantic Web: 20th International Conference, ESWC 2023, Hersonissos, Crete, Greece, May 28–June 1, 2023, Proceedings (Lecture Notes in Computer Science, 13870) [1st ed. 2023] 9783031334542, 303133454X  
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 20th International Conference on The Semantic Web, ESWC 2023, held  
  553    26    39MB    Read more   

 Codes, Cryptology and Information Security. 4th International Conference, C2SI 2023 Rabat, Morocco, May 29–31, 2023 Proceedings 9783031330162, 9783031330179  
  
  418    96    18MB    Read more   

 Codes, Cryptology and Information Security: 4th International Conference, C2SI 2023, Rabat, Morocco, May 29–31, 2023, Proceedings 9783031330179, 9783031330162, 303133017X  
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Codes, Cryptology and Information  
  264    110    40MB    Read more   

 Codes, Cryptology and Information Security: 4th International Conference, C2SI 2023, Rabat, Morocco, May 29–31, 2023, Proceedings 3031330161, 9783031330162  
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Codes, Cryptology and Information  
  351    59    19MB    Read more   

 Design Science Research for a New Society: Society 5.0. 18th International Conference on Design Science Research in Information Systems and Technology, DESRIST 2023 Pretoria, South Africa, May 31 – June 2, 2023 Proceedings 9783031328077, 9783031328084  
  
  664    28    25MB    Read more   

 Report "Research Challenges in Information Science: Information Science and the Connected World: 17th International Conference, RCIS 2023, Corfu, Greece, May 23–26, 2023, Proceedings 9783031330803, 9783031330797, 3031330803"  
 ×    

 --- Select Reason ---  Pornographic  Defamatory  Illegal/Unlawful  Spam  Other Terms Of Service Violation  File a copyright complaint     

 Close  Submit    

    Contact information  
 Michael Browner   
   [email protected]    
   
   Address:   
 1918 St.Regis, Dorval, Quebec, H9P 1H6, Canada.   
   
 Support & Legal  
  O nas 
  Skontaktuj się z nami 
  Prawo autorskie 
  Polityka prywatności 
  Warunki 
  FAQs 
  Cookie Policy 
    
 Subscribe to our newsletter  
  Be the first to receive exclusive offers and the latest news on our products and services directly in your inbox.  
   Subscribe     

 Copyright © 2024 DOKUMEN.PUB. All rights reserved.        

 Unsere Partner sammeln Daten und verwenden Cookies zur Personalisierung und Messung von Anzeigen. Erfahren Sie, wie wir und unser Anzeigenpartner Google Daten sammeln und verwenden  .   Cookies zulassen

36. CRiSIS_0 conference:
researchr 
   explore | Tags 
  Journals 
  Conferences 
  Authors 
  Profiles 
  Groups 
  calendar | New Conferences 
  Events 
  Deadlines 
  search  search 
    
   You are not signed in 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
     External Links  
 DOI 
  DBLP 
   Google 
  Google Scholar 
  MSAS 
   Cite Key  
 crisis-2023 
    Statistics  
 References: 0 
  Cited by: 0 
  Reviews: 0 
  Bibliographies: 0 
       
  PDF  
 [Upload PDF for personal use] 
      
    Researchr  
 Researchr is a web site for finding, collecting, sharing, and reviewing scientific publications, for researchers by researchers.  
 Sign up  for an account to create a profile with publication list, tag and review your related work, and share bibliographies with your co-authors.  

    Risks and Security of Internet and Systems - 18th International Conference, CRiSIS 2023, Rabat, Morocco, December 6-8, 2023, Revised Selected Papers  
 Abderrahim Ait Wakrime    , Guillermo Navarro-Arribas    , Frédéric Cuppens    , Nora Cuppens    , Rédouane Benaini     , editors,  Risks and Security of Internet and Systems - 18th International Conference, CRiSIS 2023, Rabat, Morocco, December 6-8, 2023, Revised Selected Papers    .   Volume 14529 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science  , Springer, 2024.    [doi]     
 Conference: crisis2024     
  Abstract 
   Authors 
   BibTeX 
   References 
   Bibliographies 
   Reviews 
   Related 
         
  Abstract  
 Abstract is missing.  
  
  Table of Contents  
 A Review of the Progressive Odyssey of AI-Driven Intrusion Detection Within Embedded Systems | Aisha Alansari    , Razan Alfaqeer    , Mohammad Hammoudeh     . | 3-16 | [doi] 
   Securing Autonomous Vehicles: Fundamentals, Challenges, and Perspectives | Samir Ouchani     . | 17-24 | [doi] 
   Towards a B-Method Framework for Smart Contract Verification: The Case of ACTUS Financial Contracts | Zakaryae Boudi    , Mohamed Toub     . | 25-32 | [doi] 
   FERROMOBILE and Security for Low Moment of Traffic Level Crossing | Rim Brahim    , Simon Collart Dutilleul    , Philippe Bon    , Pierre-Antoine Laharotte    , Nour-Eddin El Faouzi     . | 35-50 | [doi] 
   Improvement and Evaluation of Resilience of Adaptive Cruise Control Against Spoofing Attacks Using Intrusion Detection System | Mubark Jedh    , Lotfi Ben Othmane    , Arun K. Somani     . | 51-66 | [doi] 
   A New Efficient PUF-Based Mutual Authentication Scheme for Drones | Edoukou Berenger Ayebie    , Karam Bou Chaaya    , Helmi Rais     . | 67-84 | [doi] 
   Formalizing for Proving the System Safety of the Software Component for a Small Sized Guided Transport System | Amine Hamidi    , Simon Collart Dutilleul    , Philippe Bon     . | 85-99 | [doi] 
   Smart Contracts for a Secure and Privacy-Preserving Smart Grid | Joan Ferré-Queralt    , Jordi Castellà-Roca    , Alexandre Viejo     . | 103-118 | [doi] 
   EHRVault: A Secure, Patient-Centric, Privacy-Preserving and Blockchain-Based Platform for EHR Management | Marwa Chaieb    , Karam Bou Chaaya    , Helmi Rais     . | 119-140 | [doi] 
   Distributed Transactive Energy Management in Microgrids Based on Blockchain | Leila Douiri    , Samir Ouchani    , Sana Kordoghli    , Fethi Zagrouba    , Karim Beddiar     . | 141-161 | [doi] 
   Blockchain-Based Exchange Place: Genericity vs Performance | Salma Bradai    , Amal Gassara    , Khaled Taouil    , Badii Louati     . | 162-182 | [doi] 
   A Privacy-Preserving Infrastructure to Monitor Encrypted DNS Logs | Adam Oumar Abdel-Rahman    , Olivier Levillain    , Eric Totel     . | 185-199 | [doi] 
   VAE-GAN for Robust IoT Malware Detection and Classification in Intelligent Urban Environments: An Image Analysis Approach | Huiyao Dong    , Igor V. Kotenko     . | 200-215 | [doi] 
   A Novel Software Defined Security Framework for SDN | Srijita Basu    , Neha Firdaush Raun    , Avishek Ghosal    , Debanjan Chatterjee    , Debarghya Maitra    , Chandan Mazumdar     . | 216-230 | [doi] 
   A Process-Centric Approach to Insider Threats Identification in Information Systems | Akram Idani    , Yves Ledru    , Germán Vega     . | 231-247 | [doi] 
   Deep Learning-Based Outliers Detection in Compressed Trajectories | Yousra Chabchoub    , Michele Luca Puzzo     . | 251-262 | [doi] 
   Experimental Toolkit for Manipulating Executable Packing | Alexandre D'Hondt    , Charles-Henry Bertrand Van Ouytsel    , Axel Legay     . | 263-279 | [doi] 
   A Collaborative Real-Time Object Detection and Data Association Framework for Autonomous Robots Using Federated Graph Neural Network | Feryal Batoul Talbi    , Samir Ouchani    , Yohan Dupuis    , Mimoun Malki     . | 280-288 | [doi] 

 About 
  Contact 
  Credits 
  Help 
  Web Service API 
  Blog 
  FAQ 
  Feedback 
    
 runs on Web  DSL

37. CRiSIS_1 conference:
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue

38. CRiSIS_2 conference:
researchr 
   explore | Tags 
  Journals 
  Conferences 
  Authors 
  Profiles 
  Groups 
  calendar | New Conferences 
  Events 
  Deadlines 
  search  search 
    
   You are not signed in 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
     External Links  
 DOI 
  DBLP 
   Google 
  Google Scholar 
  MSAS 
   Cite Key  
 crisis-2023 
    Statistics  
 References: 0 
  Cited by: 0 
  Reviews: 0 
  Bibliographies: 0 
       
  PDF  
 [Upload PDF for personal use] 
      
    Researchr  
 Researchr is a web site for finding, collecting, sharing, and reviewing scientific publications, for researchers by researchers.  
 Sign up  for an account to create a profile with publication list, tag and review your related work, and share bibliographies with your co-authors.  

    Risks and Security of Internet and Systems - 18th International Conference, CRiSIS 2023, Rabat, Morocco, December 6-8, 2023, Revised Selected Papers  
 Abderrahim Ait Wakrime    , Guillermo Navarro-Arribas    , Frédéric Cuppens    , Nora Cuppens    , Rédouane Benaini     , editors,  Risks and Security of Internet and Systems - 18th International Conference, CRiSIS 2023, Rabat, Morocco, December 6-8, 2023, Revised Selected Papers    .   Volume 14529 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science  , Springer, 2024.    [doi]     
 Conference: crisis2024     
  Abstract 
   Authors 
   BibTeX 
   References 
   Bibliographies 
   Reviews 
   Related 
         
  No reviews for this publication, yet.  

 About 
  Contact 
  Credits 
  Help 
  Web Service API 
  Blog 
  FAQ 
  Feedback 
    
 runs on Web  DSL

39. ICOST_0 conference:
選擇語言   
 English 
  繁體中文 
  简体中文 

 :::相關網站  
 回首頁 
  售票網 
  企業採購 
  福利平台 
  海外專館 
    
 :::會員服務|快速功能   
 會員登入 | 黃金會員 
   前往會員專區 
  我的電子書櫃 
  訂單查詢 
  瀏覽記錄 
  下次再買 
  可訂購時通知 
  本月獨享 
  可用E-Coupon 0  張 
  可用單品折價券 0  張 
  可用購物金 0  元 
  可用 OPENPOINT 0  點 
  登出 
  訂單查詢 
  購物車( 0  ) 
  電子書櫃 
  繁體 

     展開廣告       
 關閉廣告         

 :::網站搜尋   
  全部      
          
 全部 
  圖書 
  電子書 
  有聲書 
  訂閱 
  影音 
  美妝 
  保健 
  服飾 
  鞋包配件 
  美食 
  家居生活 
  餐廚生活 
  設計文具 
  無印良品 
  星巴克 
  3C 
  家電 
  日用 
  休閒生活 
  婦幼生活 
  電子票證 
  寵物生活 
  票券 
  玲廊滿藝 
  故宮精品 
  雜誌 
  售票 
  海外專館 
  快速到貨 
  禮物卡 

 必讀暢銷榜 
  天天爆殺 
  今日66折 
  每日簽到 
  禮物卡 
  現領折價券 
  全站分類   
   
 電子書 
  兒童館 
  旅遊戶外 
  家居日用 
  美妝個清 
  健康運動 
  品牌旗艦 

 旗艦品牌 
  中文書 | ． | 簡體 | ． | 外文 
  電子書 | ． | 有聲 | ． | 訂閱 
  雜誌 | ． | 日文書 
  CD | ． | DVD | ． | 黑膠 
  線上藝廊 
  文具 | ． | 動漫 
  日用品 | ． | 婦幼玩具 
  彩妝 | ． | 保養 | ． | 洗沐 
  鞋包 | ． | 黃金 | ． | 服飾 
  3C | ． | 手機 | ． | 電玩 
  家電 | ． | 視聽 
  美食 | ． | 生鮮 | ． | 保健 
  寵物 | ． | 家居 | ． | 餐廚 
  運動 | ． | 戶外 | ． | 旅用 
  禮券 | ． | 票證 | ． | 票券 

 外文書    
 新書 
  選書 
  排行榜 
  特價書 
  讀者書評 
  分類總覽 
  童書分齡推薦 

 博客來 
  外文書 
  自然科普 
  電腦 
  電腦與週邊硬體 
  商品介紹 

 Digital Health Transformation, Smart Ageing, and Managing Disability: 20th International Conference, Icost 2023, Wonju, South Korea, July 7-8, 2023, P  

 編者： | Jongbae, Kim,Mokhtari, Mounir,Aloulou, Hamdi 
  原文出版社： | Springer 
  出版日期：2023/09/22 
  語言：英文 
    
 定價： | 2999 | 元 

 分期價：(除不盡餘數於第一期收取) 分期說明   
 可接受VISA, Master, JCB, 聯合信用卡 

 3期0利率 | 每期 999 | 6期0利率 | 每期 499 

 運送方式： 
  臺灣與離島 
  海外 
  可配送點： | 台灣、蘭嶼、綠島、澎湖、金門、馬祖 
  可配送點： | 台灣、蘭嶼、綠島、澎湖、金門、馬祖 
  可配送點： | 全球 
  可配送點： | 香港、澳門、新加坡、馬來西亞、菲律賓 

 載入中...   
 我要評鑑      
   
 分享 

 上頁   下頁             

  內容簡介  
  
 This open access book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 20th International Conference on Digital Health Transformation and Smart Ageing, ICOST 2023, held in Wonju, South Korea, during July 7-8, 2023.  
  The 18 full papers and 16 short papers included in this book were carefully reviewed and selected from 41 submissions. They were organized in topical sections as follows: IoT and AI Solutions for E-health, Biomedical and Health Informatics, Wellbeing Technologies, Short Contributions: Medical Systems and E-health Solutions and Short Contributions: Wellbeing Technologies.  

  詳細資料  
 ISBN：9783031439490 
  規格：平裝 / 340頁 / 普通級 / 初版 
  出版地：美國 
  本書分類： | 自然科普 | > | 電腦 | > | 電腦與週邊硬體 
  本書分類： | 自然科普 | > | 電腦 | > | 訊息資料處理與管理 
  本書分類： | 自然科普 | > | 電腦 | > | 應用軟體與開發工程 

 最近瀏覽商品  

 相關活動  
    
  購物說明  
 外文館商品版本：商品之書封，為出版社提供之樣本。實際出貨商品，以出版社所提供之現有版本為主。關於外文書裝訂、版本上的差異，請參考【  外文書的小知識  】。   
   
  調貨時間：無庫存之商品，在您完成訂單程序之後，將以空運的方式為您下單調貨。原則上約14~20個工作天可以取書(若有將延遲另行告知)。為了縮短等待的時間，建議您將外文書與其它商品分開下單，以獲得最快的取貨速度，但若是海外專案進口的外文商品，調貨時間約1~2個月。    
   
  若您具有法人身份為常態性且大量購書者，或有特殊作業需求，建議您可洽詢「 企業採購   」。    
   
  退換貨說明      
   
  會員所購買的商品均享有到貨十天的猶豫期（含例假日）。退回之商品必須於猶豫期內寄回。    
   
  辦理退換貨時，商品必須是全新狀態與完整包裝(請注意保持商品本體、配件、贈品、保證書、原廠包裝及所有附隨文件或資料的完整性，切勿缺漏任何配件或損毀原廠外盒)。退回商品無法回復原狀者，恐將影響退貨權益或需負擔部分費用。     
   
  訂購本商品前請務必詳閱商品 退換貨原則  。     

 同類商品新上架  
 1. | Biosynthetic Engineering of Natural Products 
  2. | Atlas of Flexible Bronchoscopy, Second Edition 
  3. | Hamilton Bailey’’s Emergency Surgery, 14th Edition 
  4. | Mastering Endocrinology and Diabetes: A Structured Guide for Clinical Practice 
  5. | Determination of Radioactivity in Terrestrial Environmental Samples: From the Basics to Complex Case Studies 
    
 本類新品熱銷  
 1. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  2. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  3. | Power and Progress: Our Thousand-Year Struggle Over Technology and Prosperity 
  4. | Floral Tarot: Access the Wisdom of Flowers: 78-Card Deck and Guidebook 
  5. | Determined: A Science of Life Without Free Will 
    
 本類暢銷榜  
 1. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  2. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  3. | Power and Progress: Our Thousand-Year Struggle Over Technology and Prosperity 
  4. | Elon Musk 
  5. | 貓貓掃地機器人Desktop Cat Vac 

 博客來  
  App 下載 
  博客來  
  電子書App 下載 
  博客來  
  Facebook粉絲專頁 
  博客來  
  YouTube 
  博客來  
  LINE 官方帳號 
   切換行動版    
   
 關於我們  關於博客來   關於PCSC   人才募集   利害關係人專區    企業合作  企業採購   福利平台   成為供應商   AP策略聯盟   異業合作   廣告刊登    好站連結  OKAPI 閱讀生活誌   青春博客來   高中生書店   售票網    會員服務  會員專區   加入會員   會員分級   查詢帳號密碼    客服中心   常見問題    線上客服    客服信箱    週一 ~ 五 08:00 - 19:00 
  週六日、例假日 09:00 - 18:00 
    客服專線 02-26535588 
  傳 真 02-27885008 

 得獎認證  

 博客來數位科技股份有限公司  統編 : 96922355  地址：臺灣 115 台北市南港區八德路四段768巷1弄18號B1之1  食品業者登錄字號：A-196922355-00000-9   
 Copyright © since 1995 books.com.tw All Rights Reserved.  
   
 資訊安全 
  服務條款 
  隱私權政策

40. ICOST_1 conference:
Loading to Smart Homes And Health Telematics Abdelsalam Sumi Helal....

41. SSDBM_0 conference:
35th International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management  
 July 10–12, 2023 — Los Angeles, California USA  
 Home 
  Program Committee 
  Contribute 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Program 
  Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  Accepted Papers 
  Awards 
  Attend 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Registration 
  Travel & Visa Information 
  Conference Venue 
  Accommodation 
   
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline  : April 30, 2023  
 Notification  : June 2, 2023  
 Camera-Ready Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Author Registration Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Supporters  

 Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist    

 Welcome to SSDBM 2023  
 The SSDBM international conference brings together scientific domain experts, database researchers, practitioners, and developers for the presentation and exchange of current research results on concepts, tools, and techniques for scientific and statistical database applications. The 35th SSDBM will provide a forum for original research contributions and practical system design, implementation and evaluation. The conference program typically consists of a single track to facilitate discussion, and contains presentations of invited talks, panel sessions, and demonstrations of research prototypes and industrial systems.  
 SSDBM 2023 will be hosted by the University of Southern California’s Information Sciences Institute (USC/ISI)  and will continue the tradition of past SSDBM meetings in providing a stimulating environment to encourage discussion, fellowship and exchange of ideas. The conference will be held in-person  in Marina del Rey, California USA (coastal Los Angeles area).  
 Announcements  
 Accepted papers | have been announced. 
  Camera-ready | papers and | author registration | deadlines have been extended. 
  Registration is now open! 
  Notifications to authors will be sent on June 2, 2023. 
  Submission deadline has been extended to April 30, 2023. 
  Call for Papers is announced! Please see this page (calls) for full details. 
  Please submit your paper here (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ssdbm2023). 
  News and Highlights  
 The conference program will consist of 3 | keynotes | , 16 full paper presentations, 8 short paper presentations, 9 posters, and 1 demonstration (see | accepted papers | ). 
  The best papers will be considered for publication in | Distributed and Parallel Databases (DAPD) | . 
  Regular, short, poster and demo papers will be accepted in the research track. All papers will appear in the proceedings to be published by | Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) | International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS) | and will appear in the | ACM Digital Library | and many | indexing providers | . 
  Conference Officers  
 Organization Committee  
 General Chair   
  Carl Kesselman, University of Southern California  
   
 Program Chair   
  Robert Schuler, University of Southern California  
   
 Short Paper Chair   
  Kyle Chard, University of Chicago and Argonne National Lab  
   
 Proceedings Chair   
  Alejandro Bugacov, University of Southern California  
   
 Local Event Coordinators   
  Shawn Sanders and Jessica Madrigal, University of Southern California  
   
 Web Chair   
  Cristina Williams, University of Southern California  
   
 Steering Committee   
  Arie Shoshani, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab (Chair Emeritus)  
  John Wu, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab (Chair)  
  Michael Böehlen, University of Zurich  
  Tanu Malik, DePaul University  
  Xingquan (Hill) Zhu, Florida Atlantic University  
  Yongluan Zhou, University of Copenhagen

42. SSDBM_1 conference:
35th International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management  
 July 10–12, 2023 — Los Angeles, California USA  
 Home 
  Program Committee 
  Contribute 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Program 
  Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  Accepted Papers 
  Awards 
  Attend 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Registration 
  Travel & Visa Information 
  Conference Venue 
  Accommodation 
   
 Important Dates  
 Submission Deadline  : April 30, 2023  
 Notification  : June 2, 2023  
 Camera-Ready Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Author Registration Deadline  : June 30, 2023  
 Supporters  

 Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist    

 Program Overview  
 The program will consist of keynotes, research sessions, poster session, reception, and conference banquet. Each day will begin with a light breakfast and registration. The research sessions will include presentations of full and short research papers.  
 Day 1 (Monday, July 10) Overview  
  
 Time | Events 
 09:00 - 09:30 | Registration with coffee and light breakfast 
 09:30 - 09:45 | SSDBM Opening by Carl Kesselman 
 09:45 - 10:45 | Keynote 1  by Helen M. Berman 
 10:45 - 11:00 | Break 
 11:00 - 12:00 | Research Session 1   : Machine Learning & Applications  
  Session Chair: Rob Schuler 
 12:00 - 13:30 | Lunch Break 
 13:30 - 15:00 | Research Session 2   : Trust & Privacy  
  Session Chair: Jia Zou 
 15:00 - 15:30 | Break 
 15:30 - 16:45 | Research Session 3   : Data Science, Systems & Applications  
  Session Chair: John Wu 
 16:45 - 17:00 | Break 
 17:00 - 19:00 | Poster Session and Reception 
  
 Day 2 (Tuesday, July 11) Overview  
  
 Time | Events 
 09:00 - 09:30 | Registration with coffee and light breakfast 
 09:30 - 10:30 | Keynote 2  by Chris Mattmann 
 10:30 - 10:45 | Break 
 10:45 - 12:15 | Research Session 4   : Data Mining  
  Session Chair: Alejandro Bugacov 
 12:15 - 13:30 | Lunch Break 
 13:30 - 14:30 | Keynote 3  by Andy Maltz 
 14:30 - 14:45 | Break 
 14:45 - 16:45 | Research Session 5   : Indexing & Querying  
  Session Chair: Qiang Zhu 
 16:45 - 17:00 | Announcement of SSDBM 2024 
 17:00 - 19:00 | Excursion 
 19:00 - 21:00 | Conference Banquet 
  
 Day 3 (Wednesday, July 12) Overview  
  
 Time | Events 
 09:00 - 09:30 | Registration with coffee and light breakfast 
 09:30 - 11:00 | Research Session 6   : Graphs & Data Mining (Hybrid I)  
  Session Chair: Seokki Lee 
 11:00 - 11:15 | Break 
 11:15 - 12:30 | Research Session 7   : Graphs & Data Mining (Hybrid II)  
  Session Chair: Rob Schuler 
 12:30 - 14:00 | Closing and Lunch 
  
 Research Sessions  
 See accepted papers  to read the abstracts for the complete list of full, short, demonstration, and poster papers to appear at SSDBM 2023.  
 Day 1 (Monday, July 10)  
  
 Research Session 1: Machine Learning & Applications  
 ST-CopulaGNN : A Multi-View Spatio-Temporal Graph Neural Network for Traffic Forecasting | Pitikorn Khlaisamniang and Suronapee Phoomvuthisarn 
  LearnedSort as a learning-augmented SampleSort: Analysis and Parallelization | Ivan Carvalho and Ramon Lawrence 
   
 Research Session 2: Trust & Privacy  
 Federated Learning on Personal Data Management Systems: Decentralized and Reliable Secure Aggregation Protocols | Julien Mirval, Luc Bouganim and Iulian Sandu Popa 
  Privacy-Preserving OLAP via Modeling and Analysis of Query Workloads: Innovative Theories and Theorems | Alfredo Cuzzocrea [remote] 
  ESM$^2$-Tree: An maintenance efficient authentication data structure in blockchain | Yuzhou Fang, Weiwei Qiu, Fanglei Huang and Liang Cai [remote] 
   
 Research Session 3: Data Science, Systems & Applications  
 Fast Algorithm for Embedded Order Dependency Validation | Daichi Amagata, Alejandro Ramos, Ryo Shirai and Takahiro Hara (short) 
  Selecting Efficient Cluster Resources for Data Analytics: When and How to Allocate for In-Memory Processing? | Jonathan Will, Lauritz Thamsen, Dominik Scheinert and Odej Kao (short) 
  InfoMoD: Information-theoretic Model Diagnostics | Armin Esmaeilzadeh, Lukasz Golab and Kazem Taghva (short) 
  Early ICU Mortality Prediction with Deep Federated Learning: A Real-World Scenario | Athanasios Georgoutsos, Paraskevas Kerasiotis and Verena Kantere (short) 
  Privacy-Preserving Redaction of Diagnosis Data through Source Code Analysis | Lixi Zhou, Lei Yu, Jia Zou and Hong Min (short) 
  Day 2 (Tuesday, July 11)  
  
 Research Session 4: Data Mining  
 A Computer Vision Approach for Detecting Discrepancies in Map Textual Labels | Abdulrahman Salama, Mahmoud Elkamhawy, Mohamed Ali, Ehab Al-Masri, Adel Sabour, Abdeltawab Hendawi, Ming Tan, Vashutosh Agrawal and Ravi Prakash 
  Data Driven Dimensionality Reduction to Improve Modeling Performance | Joshua Chung, Marcos Lopez de Prado, Horst Simon and Kesheng Wu 
  Evaluating Autoencoders for Dimensionality Reduction of MRI-derived Radiomics and Classification of Malignant Brain Tumors | Mikayla Biggs, Yaohua Wang, Neetu Soni, Sarv Priya, Girish Bathla and Guadalupe Canahuate 
   
 Research Session 5: Indexing & Query  
 Less is More: How Fewer Results Improve Progressive Join Query Processing | Xin Zhang and Ahmed Eldawy 
  Indexing Temporal Relations for Range-Duration Queries | Matteo Ceccarello, Anton Dignös, Johann Gamper and Christina Khnaisser 
  Towards Efficient Discovery of Spatially Interesting Patterns in Geo-referenced Sequential Databases | Uday Kiran Rage and Shota Suzuki 
  Accelerating Machine Learning Queries with Linear Algebra Query Processing | Wenbo Sun, Asterios Katsifodimos and Rihan Hai [remote] 
  Day 3 (Wednesday, July 12)  
  
 Research Session 6: Graphs & Data Mining (Hybrid I)  
 Heterogeneous Graph Neural Network via Knowledge Relations for Fake News Detection | Bingbing Xie, Xiaoxiao Ma, Jia Wu, Jian Yang, Shan Xue and Hao Fan [remote] 
  Multi-representations Space Separation based Graph-level Anomaly-aware Detection | Fu Lin, Haonan Gong, Mingkang Li, Zitong Wang, Yue Zhang and Xuexiong Luo [remote] 
  A benchmark for Dynamic Graph version management | Zeng Chenglin, Wang Huajin, Shen Zhihong and Hu Chuan [remote] 
   
 Research Session 7: Graphs & Data Mining (Hybrid II)  
 A Long term Time Series Forecasting method with Multiple Decomposition | Yang Wang, Shuyang Wang, Xu Chen and Yongjun Jing [remote] 
  MSLS: Meta-graph Search with Learnable Supernet for Heterogeneous Graph Neural Networks | Yili Wang, Chen Jiamin, Qiutong Li, Changlong He and Jianliang Gao (short) [remote] 
  Decoupled Graph Neural Architecture Search with Variable Propagation Operation and Appropriate Depth | Jianliang Gao, Changlong He, Jiamin Chen, Qiutong Li and Yili Wang (short) [remote] 
  TGSLN: Time-aware Graph Structure Learning Network for Multi-variates Stock Sector Ranking Recommendation | Quan Wan, Shuo Yin, Xiangyue Liu, Jianliang Gao and Yuhui Zhong (short) [remote] 
  The schedule of paper presentations may be subject to last minute changes, so please contact us  if you have time-sensitive questions about the schedule.

43. SSDBM_2 conference:
Please enable cookies.   
 Sorry, you have been blocked  
 You are unable to access  10times.com  

 Why have I been blocked?  
 This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  
   
 What can I do to resolve this?  
 You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  

 Cloudflare Ray ID: 8ea8c37c9fa70972   •  Your IP: Click to reveal  183.80.111.110  •   Performance & security by  Cloudflare

44. ICOST_2 conference:
HOME 
  SERVICES 
  ABOUT US 
  PORTFOLIO 
  PROJECTS 
  MEDEA ACADEMY | What is the Medea Academy 
  Medea Academy 2024 
  PARTNERS 
  CONTACTS 

 HOME 
  SERVICES 
  ABOUT US 
  PORTFOLIO 
  PROJECTS 
  MEDEA ACADEMY | What is the Medea Academy 
  Medea Academy 2024 
  PARTNERS 
  CONTACTS 

 Icost  
 Home    /  Innovation Management    , Impact Assessment    /  Icost     

   FRIS  
    
    TrackRecordIOR-Istituto Ortopedico Rizzoli  

 Organization of the 10th edition conference on smart homes and telecare  
 ICOST Conference 2012    
 10th International Conference On Smart homes and health Telematics    
 “Impact Analysis of solutions for chronic disease Prevention and Management”    
 12-15 June 2012, Artimino, Italy   
 ICOST conference is dedicated to the presentation of the research results in the field of solutions for Smart environment, Assistive Technologies and telemedicine.   
 Icost compares clinicians, academics, and industrial experts with end users, family members, and care givers in order to explore how smart home solutions and telemedicine can foster independent living and improve the quality of life of people with chronic conditions.   
   
 More info at: https://www.icost-society.org/    .    

 Details  

 Customers: | Ulster University 

 I+ srl 

 Service: | Conference Organization, Stakeholder engagement 

 Area: | Smart environments,  Quality of Life,  Impact assessment,  Connected health,  Inclusive Society 

 Beneficiaries  : | Decision makers, Industry entrepreneurs, Researchers  ,  Health providers 

 Markets: | Smart environments, Telecare 

 Related Projects  
   Open-Maker   
   
  Innovation Management 

   Hosmod   
   
  Impact Assessment 

   FRIS   
   
  Innovation Management 
  , 
  Training 
  , 

 REGISTERED OFFICE  
 Medea S.r.l. Via Massa Avenza, 38/B  
  54100 Massa (MS) – Italy  
  Capital: 50.000€ i.v.  
  VAT no.: 01140920453.  

 HEADQUARTER  
 Piazza G.Puccini, 26 50144 Firenze – Italy  
  Phone: +39 055-3215299  
  Fax: +39 055-3246012  
  Mail to: info@medeaproject.eu   

 RECENT POSTS  
 smartHUB, un appuntamento all’Innovation Center per parlare di assistenza socio-sanitaria 4.0 | 19 September 2023 
  THE MEDEA ACADEMY: where multidisciplinary approaches match with Innovation Value Chain within the socio-healthcare domain | 11 July 2023 
  Medea is member of the EAMBES | 11 April 2023 

 Social  

 Copyright © 2018 Medea srl - C.F. e P.IVA 01140920453 - design by [eweik]  - privacy policy    

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.  
  We invite you to discover more in our Privacy policy  .   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All  Reject All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT

45. ICOST_3 conference:
選擇語言   
 English 
  繁體中文 
  简体中文 

 :::相關網站  
 回首頁 
  售票網 
  企業採購 
  福利平台 
  海外專館 
    
 :::會員服務|快速功能   
 會員登入 | 黃金會員 
   前往會員專區 
  我的電子書櫃 
  訂單查詢 
  瀏覽記錄 
  下次再買 
  可訂購時通知 
  本月獨享 
  可用E-Coupon 0  張 
  可用單品折價券 0  張 
  可用購物金 0  元 
  可用 OPENPOINT 0  點 
  登出 
  訂單查詢 
  購物車( 0  ) 
  電子書櫃 
  繁體 

     展開廣告       
 關閉廣告         

 :::網站搜尋   
  全部      
          
 全部 
  圖書 
  電子書 
  有聲書 
  訂閱 
  影音 
  美妝 
  保健 
  服飾 
  鞋包配件 
  美食 
  家居生活 
  餐廚生活 
  設計文具 
  無印良品 
  星巴克 
  3C 
  家電 
  日用 
  休閒生活 
  婦幼生活 
  電子票證 
  寵物生活 
  票券 
  玲廊滿藝 
  故宮精品 
  雜誌 
  售票 
  海外專館 
  快速到貨 
  禮物卡 

 必讀暢銷榜 
  天天爆殺 
  今日66折 
  每日簽到 
  禮物卡 
  現領折價券 
  全站分類   
   
 電子書 
  兒童館 
  旅遊戶外 
  家居日用 
  美妝個清 
  健康運動 
  品牌旗艦 

 旗艦品牌 
  中文書 | ． | 簡體 | ． | 外文 
  電子書 | ． | 有聲 | ． | 訂閱 
  雜誌 | ． | 日文書 
  CD | ． | DVD | ． | 黑膠 
  線上藝廊 
  文具 | ． | 動漫 
  日用品 | ． | 婦幼玩具 
  彩妝 | ． | 保養 | ． | 洗沐 
  鞋包 | ． | 黃金 | ． | 服飾 
  3C | ． | 手機 | ． | 電玩 
  家電 | ． | 視聽 
  美食 | ． | 生鮮 | ． | 保健 
  寵物 | ． | 家居 | ． | 餐廚 
  運動 | ． | 戶外 | ． | 旅用 
  禮券 | ． | 票證 | ． | 票券 

 外文書    
 新書 
  選書 
  排行榜 
  特價書 
  讀者書評 
  分類總覽 
  童書分齡推薦 

 博客來 
  外文書 
  自然科普 
  電腦 
  電腦與週邊硬體 
  商品介紹 

 Smart Homes and Health Telematics: Designing a Better Future: Urban Assisted Living: 16th International Conference, Icost 2018,  

 作者： | Mokhtari, Mounir (EDT)/ Abdulrazak, Bessam (EDT)/ Aloulou, Hamdi (EDT) 
  原文出版社： | Springer 
  出版日期：2018/06/19 
  語言：英文 
    
 定價： | 3299 | 元 

 分期價：(除不盡餘數於第一期收取) 分期說明   
 可接受VISA, Master, JCB, 聯合信用卡 

 3期0利率 | 每期 1099 | 6期0利率 | 每期 549 

 運送方式： 
  臺灣與離島 
  海外 
  可配送點： | 台灣、蘭嶼、綠島、澎湖、金門、馬祖 
  可配送點： | 台灣、蘭嶼、綠島、澎湖、金門、馬祖 
  可配送點： | 全球 
  可配送點： | 香港、澳門、新加坡、馬來西亞、菲律賓 

 載入中...   
 我要評鑑      
   
 分享 

 上頁   下頁             

  內容簡介  

 This book constitutes the proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Smart Homes and Health Telematics, ICOST 2018, held in Singapore, Singapore, in July 2018. The theme of this year volume is ＂Designing a better Future: Urban Assisted Living＂, focusing on quality of life of dependent people not only in their homes, but also in outdoor living environment to improve mobility and social interaction in the city. The 21 regular papers and 11 short papers included in this volume focus on research in the design, development, deployment and evaluation of smart urban environments, assistive technologies, chronic disease management, coaching and health telematics systems.  

  詳細資料  
 ISBN：9783319945224 
  規格：平裝 / 326頁 / 23.4 x 15.5 x 1.8 cm / 普通級 
  出版地：美國 
  本書分類： | 自然科普 | > | 電腦 | > | 電腦與週邊硬體 
  本書分類： | 自然科普 | > | 電腦 | > | 訊息資料處理與管理 
  本書分類： | 自然科普 | > | 電腦 | > | 應用軟體與開發工程 

 最近瀏覽商品  

 相關活動  
    
  購物說明  
 外文館商品版本：商品之書封，為出版社提供之樣本。實際出貨商品，以出版社所提供之現有版本為主。關於外文書裝訂、版本上的差異，請參考【  外文書的小知識  】。   
   
  調貨時間：無庫存之商品，在您完成訂單程序之後，將以空運的方式為您下單調貨。原則上約14~20個工作天可以取書(若有將延遲另行告知)。為了縮短等待的時間，建議您將外文書與其它商品分開下單，以獲得最快的取貨速度，但若是海外專案進口的外文商品，調貨時間約1~2個月。    
   
  若您具有法人身份為常態性且大量購書者，或有特殊作業需求，建議您可洽詢「 企業採購   」。    
   
  退換貨說明      
   
  會員所購買的商品均享有到貨十天的猶豫期（含例假日）。退回之商品必須於猶豫期內寄回。    
   
  辦理退換貨時，商品必須是全新狀態與完整包裝(請注意保持商品本體、配件、贈品、保證書、原廠包裝及所有附隨文件或資料的完整性，切勿缺漏任何配件或損毀原廠外盒)。退回商品無法回復原狀者，恐將影響退貨權益或需負擔部分費用。     
   
  訂購本商品前請務必詳閱商品 退換貨原則  。     

 同類商品新上架  
 1. | Biosynthetic Engineering of Natural Products 
  2. | Atlas of Flexible Bronchoscopy, Second Edition 
  3. | Hamilton Bailey’’s Emergency Surgery, 14th Edition 
  4. | Mastering Endocrinology and Diabetes: A Structured Guide for Clinical Practice 
  5. | Determination of Radioactivity in Terrestrial Environmental Samples: From the Basics to Complex Case Studies 
    
 本類新品熱銷  
 1. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  2. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  3. | Power and Progress: Our Thousand-Year Struggle Over Technology and Prosperity 
  4. | Floral Tarot: Access the Wisdom of Flowers: 78-Card Deck and Guidebook 
  5. | Determined: A Science of Life Without Free Will 
    
 本類暢銷榜  
 1. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  2. | Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI 
  3. | Power and Progress: Our Thousand-Year Struggle Over Technology and Prosperity 
  4. | Elon Musk 
  5. | 貓貓掃地機器人Desktop Cat Vac 

 博客來  
  App 下載 
  博客來  
  電子書App 下載 
  博客來  
  Facebook粉絲專頁 
  博客來  
  YouTube 
  博客來  
  LINE 官方帳號 
   切換行動版    
   
 關於我們  關於博客來   關於PCSC   人才募集   利害關係人專區    企業合作  企業採購   福利平台   成為供應商   AP策略聯盟   異業合作   廣告刊登    好站連結  OKAPI 閱讀生活誌   青春博客來   高中生書店   售票網    會員服務  會員專區   加入會員   會員分級   查詢帳號密碼    客服中心   常見問題    線上客服    客服信箱    週一 ~ 五 08:00 - 19:00 
  週六日、例假日 09:00 - 18:00 
    客服專線 02-26535588 
  傳 真 02-27885008 

 得獎認證  

 博客來數位科技股份有限公司  統編 : 96922355  地址：臺灣 115 台北市南港區八德路四段768巷1弄18號B1之1  食品業者登錄字號：A-196922355-00000-9   
 Copyright © since 1995 books.com.tw All Rights Reserved.  
   
 資訊安全 
  服務條款 
  隱私權政策

46. ICSoft_0 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 ICSOFT 2023 will be held in conjunction with DATA 2023    , SIMULTECH 2023    , ICSBT 2023    and SECRYPT 2023    .   
  Registration to ICSOFT allows free access to the DATA, SIMULTECH, ICSBT and SECRYPT conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The purpose of the International Conference on Software Technologies, is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested on software technologies. The conference areas are "Software Engineering and Systems Development", "Software Systems and Applications" and "Foundational and Trigger Technologies".    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Software Engineering and Systems Development   
  
  2  .  Software Systems and Applications   
  
  3  .  Foundational and Trigger Technologies   

  Conference Chair    
 Leszek Maciaszek  ,  Macquarie Univ., Australia and Wroclaw Univ. of Economics and Business, Poland   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Hans-Georg Fill  ,  University of Fribourg, Switzerland   
  Francisco José Domínguez Mayo  ,  University of Seville, Spain   
  Marten van Sinderen  ,  University of Twente, Netherlands   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Jordi Cabot  ,  Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology (LIST), Luxembourg   
  Agnes Koschmider  ,  University of Bayreuth, Germany   
  Wolfgang Maaß  ,  Saarland University, Germany   

 Tutorials   
 Defining Requirements Through Interaction Design   
  Instructor:  Hermann Kaindl  

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 In Collaboration with:   

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

47. ICSSP_0 conference:
ICSSP 2023   Sun 14 - Mon 15 May 2023 Melbourne, Australia    
 co-located with ICSE 2023    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC 
  Visiting Melbourne 
  Keynotes 
  ICSE 2023 
  Keynotes 
  Melbourne 
  Victoria 
  Australia 
  Code of Conduct 
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions 
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions 
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions 
  Session Chair Instructions 
  Venue Floor Map 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Visa Letter of Invitation 
  Social Events 
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023 
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement 
  Travel Support 
  Childcare Support 
  Program | ICSSP Program 
  Your Program 
  Program Overview 
   Sun 14 May 
  Mon 15 May 
  Calls and Accepted Papers 
  Organization | ICSSP 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Program Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ICSSP 2023 
  ICSSP+ICGSE 2021 
  ICSSP 2020 
  ICSSP 2019 
  ICSSP 2018 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 17th International Conference on Software and System Processes  
   
 The Schedule   of ICSSP 2023 is up. ICSSP 2023 will feature three Keynotes   from distinguished speakers on topics of AI-Augmented Software Engineering, Business Process Management, and AI-integrated Agile. The list of Accepted Papers   are available. When registering for participation, please select ICSSP under co-located events. We look forward to your participation!  
 Register Now    
 new!  TechDebt & ICSSP Social Function  will take place on Sunday 14 May 18:00 - 21:00 at BoHo South Wharf  . The event will include dinner and a 3 hour beverage package (no spirits).  
  
  The theme of ICSSP 2023 is Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  .  
 ICSSP 2023 will be held on 14-15 May 2023  , and co-located with ICSE 2023  .  
 A by-invitation workshop will be held on 13 May 2023  .  
 Please use the contact form  to contact PC Chairs.  
 About ICSSP Conference Series  
 ICSSP 2023 is the 17th in a series of ICSSP conferences that have been organized by the International Software and Systems Process Association (ISSPA) or its predecessor, the International Software Process Association (ISPA). The ICSSP series grew out of two earlier and partly overlapping series, the International Conferences on Software Process (ICSP), dating back to 1991, and the International Software Process Workshops (ISPW), dating back to 1984.  
 Recent ICSSP conferences have mostly been organized with or around ICSE, with proceedings published by ACM or IEEE. The 2021 and 2022 conferences were co-organized with the International Conference on Global Software Engineering (ICGSE), and ICSSP 2022 was co-sponsored and co-organized with the Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute. For the 2023 ICSSP, the ISSPA is pleased to be joining forces with representatives of CSRIO's Data61 unit, the data and digital specialist arm of Australia's national science agency.  
 About ICSSP 2023  
 In recent years, innovative software and systems technologies have been rapidly adopted with increasingly widespread but uncertain impacts. These technologies include various forms of AI; big data and data science; blockchain and distributed ledgers; augmented, virtual, and extended reality; low-code/no-code platforms; and even quantum computing (among others). By their novel nature, these new technologies and applications demand new approaches to software and systems development. Beyond that, the novelty and uncertainty surrounding these technologies and applications requires new and more effective approaches and processes to assuring correctness, understandability, predictability, responsibility, security, ethics and other vital qualities of our software and systems.  
 At the same time, many of these new technologies may have applications within the software life cycle. So the question naturally arises, can we put technologies such as AI, blockchain, low code, and big data, to work in improving our ability to develop, manage, and apply new software and systems applications. We can even ask whether it will become essential to do so.  
 ICSSP 2023 is focusing on software and systems processes for and with these new technologies, as well as on incorporating these new technologies into new modes of working in software and systems development for business, government, society, and the environment. ICSSP 2023 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to share their research findings, experiences, and new ideas on diverse topics related to software and system processes. For 2023, the theme of the conference is: " Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  ". The goal is to advance both the state of the research and the state of the practice by applying innovative ideas from different fields of research to the future of software and system engineering processes.  

  ICSSP 2023   
   
 17th International Conference on Software and System Processes    

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

  ICSSP 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 ICSSP 2023  
 ICSSP 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC   
  Visiting Melbourne   
  Keynotes   
  Keynotes   
  Melbourne   
  Victoria   
  Australia   
  Code of Conduct   
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions   
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions   
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions   
  Session Chair Instructions   
  Venue Floor Map   
  Accommodation   
  Registration   
  Visa Letter of Invitation   
  Social Events   
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023   
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement   
  Travel Support   
  Childcare Support    
 Sign Up

48. ICSSP_1 conference:
ICSSP 2023   Sun 14 - Mon 15 May 2023 Melbourne, Australia    
 co-located with ICSE 2023    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC 
  Visiting Melbourne 
  Keynotes 
  ICSE 2023 
  Keynotes 
  Melbourne 
  Victoria 
  Australia 
  Code of Conduct 
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions 
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions 
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions 
  Session Chair Instructions 
  Venue Floor Map 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Visa Letter of Invitation 
  Social Events 
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023 
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement 
  Travel Support 
  Childcare Support 
  Program | ICSSP Program 
  Your Program 
  Program Overview 
   Sun 14 May 
  Mon 15 May 
  Calls and Accepted Papers 
  Organization | ICSSP 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Program Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ICSSP 2023 
  ICSSP+ICGSE 2021 
  ICSSP 2020 
  ICSSP 2019 
  ICSSP 2018 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2023  ( series  ) /   ICSSP 2023  ( series  ) /  17th International Conference on Software and System Processes ICSSP 2023   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Sessions 
  Call for Papers 
  ICSSP 2023: Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  
 ICSSP 2023 will be held on 14-15 May 2023, and co-located with ICSE 2023  .   
 A by-invitation workshop will be held on 13 May 2023.   
 Please use the contact form  to contact PC Chairs.  
 About ICSSP Conference Series  
 ICSSP 2023 is the 17th in a series of ICSSP conferences that have been organized by the International Software and Systems Process Association (ISSPA) or its predecessor, the International Software Process Association (ISPA). The ICSSP series grew out of two earlier and partly overlapping series, the International Conferences on Software Process (ICSP), dating back to 1991, and the International Software Process Workshops (ISPW), dating back to 1984.  
 Recent ICSSP conferences have mostly been organized with or around ICSE, with proceedings published by ACM or IEEE. The 2021 and 2022 conferences were co-organized with the International Conference on Global Software Engineering (ICGSE), and ICSSP 2022 was co-sponsored and co-organized with the Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute. For the 2023 ICSSP, the ISSPA is pleased to be joining forces with representatives of CSRIO's Data61 unit, the data and digital specialist arm of Australia's national science agency.  
 About ICSSP 2023  
 In recent years, innovative software and systems technologies have been rapidly adopted with increasingly widespread but uncertain impacts. These technologies include various forms of AI; big data and data science; blockchain and distributed ledgers; augmented, virtual, and extended reality; low-code/no-code platforms; and even quantum computing (among others). By their novel nature, these new technologies and applications demand new approaches to software and systems development. Beyond that, the novelty and uncertainty surrounding these technologies and applications requires new and more effective approaches and processes to assuring correctness, understandability, predictability, responsibility, security, ethics and other vital qualities of our software and systems.  
 At the same time, many of these new technologies may have applications within the software life cycle. So the question naturally arises, can we put technologies such as AI, blockchain, low code, and big data, to work in improving our ability to develop, manage, and apply new software and systems applications. We can even ask whether it will become essential to do so.  
 ICSSP 2023 is focusing on software and systems processes for and with these new technologies, as well as on incorporating these new technologies into new modes of working in software and systems development for business, government, society, and the environment. ICSSP 2023 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to share their research findings, experiences, and new ideas on diverse topics related to software and system processes. For 2023, the theme of the conference is: " Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  ". The goal is to advance both the state of the research and the state of the practice by applying innovative ideas from different fields of research to the future of software and system engineering processes.  
 The Call for Papers  is available. The Abstract deadline is 6 January 2023, and the Submission deadline is 13 January 2023.   

 Dates    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+10:00) Hobart  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+10:00) Hobart    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-06:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-04:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+09:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+10:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+10:30) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+12:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+12:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Sun 14 May   
  
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      

 09:00 - 10:30 | Opening and Keynote 1 ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104 
 09:00   
 30m    
 Day opening | Opening   ICSSP 2023 
 09:30   
 60m    
 Keynote | A.I.gile - How Agile and AI (e)merge in practice   ICSSP 2023   
 K:  Philipp Diebold 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Paper Session 1 (Process Automation) ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104 
 11:00   
 20m    
 Full-paper | Automatically Generating Dockerfiles via Deep-Learning: Challenges and Promises   ICSSP 2023   
 Giovanni Rosa  University of Molise  , Antonio Mastropaolo  Università della Svizzera italiana  , Simone Scalabrino  University of Molise  , Gabriele Bavota  Software Institute, USI Università della Svizzera italiana  , Rocco Oliveto  University of Molise 
 11:20   
 20m    
 Full-paper | An Experience Report on Assessing Software Engineer’s Outputs in Practice   ICSSP 2023   
 Juzheng Zhang  Nanjing University  , He Zhang  Nanjing University  , Lanxin Yang  Nanjing University, China  , Liming Dong  Nanjing University  , Yue Li 
 11:40   
 20m    
 Full-paper | Automatic Detection of Security Deficiencies and Refactoring Advises for Microservices   ICSSP 2023   
 Burak Ünver   , Ricardo Britto  Ericsson / Blekinge Institute of Technology 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Paper Session 2 (Process Improvement) ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104 
 13:45   
 20m    
 Full-paper | Using GUI Test Videos to Obtain Stakeholders’ Feedback   ICSSP 2023   
 Jianwei Shi  Leibniz University Hannover  , Jonas Mönnich  Leibniz University Hannover  , Jil Klünder  Leibniz Universität Hannover  , Kurt Schneider  Leibniz Universität Hannover, Software Engineering Group 
 14:05   
 20m    
 Full-paper | Measuring the Benefits of CI/CD Practices for Database Application Development   ICSSP 2023   
 Jasmin Fluri  Schaltstelle GmbH  , Fabrizio Fornari  University of Camerino, Italy  , Ela Pustulka  FHNW 
 14:25   
 20m    
 Full-paper | On Preparing and Assessing Data for Simulation Process Modeling: An Industrial Report   ICSSP 2023   
 Liming Dong  Nanjing University  , He Zhang  Nanjing University  , Yue Li   , Bohan Liu  Nanjing University  , Zhiluo Weng  Nanjing University 
 14:45   
 20m    
 Full-paper | Adding Generic Role- and Process-based Behaviors to Smart Contracts using Dynamic Condition Response Graphs   ICSSP 2023   
 Yibin Xu  University of Copenhagen  , Tijs Slaats  University of Copenhagen  , Boris Düdder  University of Copenhagen  , Thomas T. Hildebrandt  University of Copenhagen 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Keynote 2 and Day 1 Wrap Up ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104 
 15:45   
 60m    
 Keynote | A Technical Focus on Business Process Management – Past, Present, and Emerging Topics   ICSSP 2023   
 K:  Ingo Weber  TU Munich & Fraunhofer, Munich 
 16:45   
 30m    
 Day closing | Day 1 Wrap Up   ICSSP 2023 

 Mon 15 May   
  
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      

 09:00 - 10:30 | Keynote 3 ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104 
 09:00   
 60m    
 Keynote | AI-Augmented Software Engineering: Revolutionising or Challenging Software Quality and Testing?   ICSSP 2023   
 K:  Tafline Ramos   , K:  Amanda Dean   , K:  David McGregor 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Industry Talks 1 ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Gayan Benedict  University of Technology Sydney 
 11:00   
 20m    
 Industry talk | De-risking major industry transformations using experimentation   ICSSP 2023 
 11:20   
 20m    
 Industry talk | Analyzing the Implications of NFTs as Digital Identities in Web3.0: A Privacy-Focused Approach   ICSSP 2023 
 11:40   
 20m    
 Industry talk | Considering the Human in the loop when adopting AI   ICSSP 2023 
 12:00   
 20m    
 Industry talk | Helping companies de-risk the integration of first, second and third-party AI models into a customer engagement platform   ICSSP 2023 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Industry Talks 2 and Panel Discussion ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Gayan Benedict  University of Technology Sydney 
 13:45   
 20m    
 Industry talk | Achieving Business Success - A Framework for Software Delivery of Emerging Technologies   ICSSP 2023   
 Mahesh Venkataraman  Accenture  , Shylaja Shivaram  Accenture 
 14:05   
 20m    
 Industry talk | Improve Software and System Process of Cloud Serverless Architectures through Automated Testing with AI   ICSSP 2023   
 Rohit Patwardhan  Mr.  , Mallika Fernandes  Mrs. 
 14:25   
 50m    
 Panel | Panel Discussion   ICSSP 2023 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Paper Session 3 (Short Paper) and Day 2 Wrap Up ICSSP 2023   at Meeting Room 104 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Short-paper | Characterizing The Impact of Culture on Agile Methods: The MoCA Model   ICSSP 2023   
 Michael Neumann  University of Applied Sciences & Arts Hannover  , Klaus Schmid  Stiftung University Hildesheim  , Lars Baumann     
  Pre-print 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Short-paper | Towards Sustainable Software for Public Sector Information Systems   ICSSP 2023   
 Reetta-Kaisa Ghezzi   , Aapo Koski   , Janne Lautanala   , Mikko Lehtisalo   , Manu Setälä   , Tommi Mikkonen  University of Jyvaskyla 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Short-paper | Towards Better Code Reviews: Using Mutation Testing to Improve Reviewer Attention   ICSSP 2023   
 Ziya Mukhtarov   , Mannan Abdul   , Mokhlaroyim Raupova   , Javid Baghirov   , Osama Tanveer   , Haluk Altunel   , Eray Tüzün  Bilkent University 
 16:30   
 30m    
 Day closing | Day 2 Wrap Up   ICSSP 2023 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 Achieving Business Success - A Framework for Software Delivery of Emerging Technologies  ICSSP 2023   
 Mahesh Venkataraman  , Shylaja Shivaram 
 Adding Generic Role- and Process-based Behaviors to Smart Contracts using Dynamic Condition Response Graphs  ICSSP 2023   
 Yibin Xu  , Tijs Slaats  , Boris Düdder  , Thomas T. Hildebrandt 
 An Experience Report on Assessing Software Engineer’s Outputs in Practice  ICSSP 2023   
 Juzheng Zhang  , He Zhang  , Lanxin Yang  , Liming Dong  , Yue Li 
 Automatically Generating Dockerfiles via Deep-Learning: Challenges and Promises  ICSSP 2023   
 Giovanni Rosa  , Antonio Mastropaolo  , Simone Scalabrino  , Gabriele Bavota  , Rocco Oliveto 
 Automatic Detection of Security Deficiencies and Refactoring Advises for Microservices  ICSSP 2023   
 Burak Ünver  , Ricardo Britto 
 Characterizing The Impact of Culture on Agile Methods: The MoCA Model  ICSSP 2023   
 Michael Neumann  , Klaus Schmid  , Lars Baumann    
  Pre-print 
 Improve Software and System Process of Cloud Serverless Architectures through Automated Testing with AI  ICSSP 2023   
 Rohit Patwardhan  , Mallika Fernandes 
 Measuring the Benefits of CI/CD Practices for Database Application Development  ICSSP 2023   
 Jasmin Fluri  , Fabrizio Fornari  , Ela Pustulka 
 On Preparing and Assessing Data for Simulation Process Modeling: An Industrial Report  ICSSP 2023   
 Liming Dong  , He Zhang  , Yue Li  , Bohan Liu  , Zhiluo Weng 
 Towards Better Code Reviews: Using Mutation Testing to Improve Reviewer Attention  ICSSP 2023   
 Ziya Mukhtarov  , Mannan Abdul  , Mokhlaroyim Raupova  , Javid Baghirov  , Osama Tanveer  , Haluk Altunel  , Eray Tüzün 
 Towards Sustainable Software for Public Sector Information Systems  ICSSP 2023   
 Reetta-Kaisa Ghezzi  , Aapo Koski  , Janne Lautanala  , Mikko Lehtisalo  , Manu Setälä  , Tommi Mikkonen 
 Using GUI Test Videos to Obtain Stakeholders’ Feedback  ICSSP 2023   
 Jianwei Shi  , Jonas Mönnich  , Jil Klünder  , Kurt Schneider 

 Call for Papers  

 Topics of Interest   
  Submissions  
  Important Dates  
  Submission Requirements and Policies  
   
  In recent years, innovative software and systems technologies have been rapidly adopted with increasingly widespread but uncertain impacts. These technologies include various forms of AI; big data and data science; blockchain and distributed ledgers; augmented, virtual, and extended reality; low-code/no-code platforms; and even quantum computing (among others). By their novel nature, these new technologies and applications demand new approaches to software and systems development. Beyond that, the novelty and uncertainty surrounding these technologies and applications requires new and more effective approaches and processes to assuring correctness, understandability, predictability, responsibility, security, ethics and other vital qualities of our software and systems.  
 At the same time, many of these new technologies may have applications within the software life cycle. So the question naturally arises, can we put technologies such as AI, blockchain, low code, and big data, to work in improving our ability to develop, manage, and apply new software and systems applications. We can even ask whether it will become essential to do so.  
 ICSSP 2023 is focusing on software and systems processes for and with these new technologies, as well as on incorporating these new technologies into new modes of working in software and systems development for business, government, society, and the environment. ICSSP 2023 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to share their research findings, experiences, and new ideas on diverse topics related to software and system processes. For 2023, the theme of the conference is: " Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  ". The goal is to advance both the state of the research and the state of the practice by applying innovative ideas from different fields of research to the future of software and system engineering processes.  
  Topics of Interest  
 Submissions must be related to software and systems, and we are especially interested in, but not limited to, papers addressing the topics in the following list:  
 Software and System Processes for and with Emerging Technologies  Blockchain and distributed ledger technologies 
  AI and / or data science 
  Low-code / no-code development 
  Augmented, virtual, and extended reality (AR/VR/XR) 
  Quantum programming 
  Methods and Processes  Measurement for hybrid and evolving processes 
  The impact of serverless infrastructure on software and systems processes 
  Empirical studies and experience reports on agile or hybrid processes 
  Factors affecting selection, design, adoption, management and success of hybrid processes 
  Continuous integration and deployment for serverless infrastructure 
  Function-as-a-service software and systems processes 
  Impacts of special requirements such as high safety/reliability, globally distributed development, continuous integration, and others 
  Evolution or transformation of organizations 
  Enterprise processes for advanced development paradigms such as agile, lean, DevOps or customer-centric development 
  Data science for analysis and management of hybrid and evolving processes 
  System processes: business processes, medical processes, voting processes etc. 
  Multi-disciplinary system and software processes (incl. process interfaces) 
  Business Strategy  Hiring practices and strategies for skills development in emerging technologies 
  Startup and entrepreneurship in software process and distributed development 
  Processes and practices for cross-organization collaboration 
  Supplier management for emerging technologies in global contexts 
  Economics of distributed software development 
  Team building in WFX (work from anywhere) 
  Competitiveness and innovation in WFX settings 
  Trust in System and Software Processes  Engineering societal-scale software systems 
  Fairness in software processes 
  Privacy-by-design 
  Processes to assure inclusion and diversity in software development 
  Ethics and human values in software development processes 
  Engineering processes for trustworthy and dependable AI systems 
  Software and system processes for and with compliance checking 
   Submissions  
 Submissions are invited for unpublished original work in the following categories:  
 Full Papers | (10 pages + up to 2 pages with references) that reflect completed and evaluated research on novel approaches to major software and systems process challenges, especially relating to the | Software and System Processes for and with emerging technologies | . 
  Short Papers | (5 pages including references) that present concise research results, describe work-in-progress (e.g. Ph.D. research), or conceptual and position papers addressing new perspectives, open questions and future directions. Short papers can also be industry papers, for instance, describing practical challenges and approaches, or research needs motivated by industry experience. 
  Industry Track | includes | experience reports | (up to 5 pages excluding references) and/or | industry talks | (abstract of a maximum of 300 words using a template of your choice and a slide package). Industry track submissions are expected to have a strong focus on the real-world application of techniques, tools, methodologies, processes, and practices. Submissions should clearly identify the problem that is addressed, the industrial context, and the outcomes, as well as the expected learning for the audience. | Full papers | (10 pages + up to 2 pages with references) are also welcome to our industry track. 
   Important Dates  
 Full and Short Research Papers  Abstract Submission: 6 January 2023 
  Paper Submission: 20 January 2023 | (extended) 
  Notification: 21 February 2023 
  Camera Ready: 13 March 2023 
  Industry Talks  Abstract Submission: 6 January 2023 
  Slide Package Submission: 20 January 2023 | (extended) 
  Notification: 21 February 2023 
  Slide Package Camera Ready: 27 March 2023 | (extended) 
   Submission Requirements and Policies  
 All submissions must conform to the ICSSP 2023 formatting and submission instructions and must not exceed the given page limits for the applicable type of submission. All submissions must be in English. Page limits include all text, figures, tables, references, and appendices. Only research papers are permitted up to two more pages containing only references. The page limit is strict, and purchase of additional pages in the proceedings is not allowed at any point in the process (including after the paper is accepted). All submissions must be in PDF.  
 Formatting  - Submissions must conform to the IEEE conference proceedings template, specified in the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran} without including the compsoc or compsocconf options). Submissions must strictly conform to the IEEE conference proceedings formatting instructions specified above. Alterations of spacing, font size, and other changes that deviate from the instructions may result in desk rejection without further review.  
 Submission Site  - Submissions must be made through the ICSSP2023 submission site ( https://icse2023-icssp.hotcrp.com/  ) no later than the applicable submission deadline. Be sure to direct your submissions correctly and select the appropriate submission type when uploading your submission. We encourage authors to upload their paper info early (and can submit the PDF later, but still before or on the date of the submission deadline AoE) to support the management of the review process.  
 Plagiarism Policy  - By submitting to ICSSP 2023, authors acknowledge that they are aware of and agree to be bound by the ACM Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism and the IEEE Plagiarism FAQ. In particular, papers submitted to ICSSP 2023 must not have been published elsewhere and must not be under review or submitted for review elsewhere whilst under consideration for ICSSP 2023. Contravention of this concurrent submission policy will be deemed a serious breach of scientific ethics, and appropriate action will be taken in all such cases. To check for double submission and plagiarism issues, the chairs reserve the right to (1) share the list of submissions with the PC Chairs of other conferences with overlapping review periods and (2) use external plagiarism detection software to detect violations of these policies.  
 Any submission that does not comply with these requirements may be desk rejected by the PC Co-Chairs without further review.  
 Notice: The official publication date is the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 Proceedings  - The proceedings will be published by IEEE, and will appear in the IEEE Xplore. The proceedings will only contain papers that have been presented at ICSSP 2023 and for which at least one author has registered.  
 Reviewing  - All submissions will be peer-reviewed by the ICSSP 2023 program committee members. Each submitted research paper will receive reviews from at least three members of the specific program committee. ICSSP 2023 does not employ double-blind review process.  
 Requirement to Register, Attend, and Present  - Upon notification of acceptance, authors of accepted papers will be asked to complete a copyright form and will receive further instructions for preparing their camera-ready versions. At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register for and attend the ICSSP 2023 and present the work. The organizers have the right to withdraw papers from the proceedings if there is no associated registration by two weeks past the authors' registration deadline. All accepted contributions with at least one registered author will be published in the conference electronic proceedings and appear in the IEEE Xplore.  
 Open Science Policy  - ICSSP 2023 encourages authors to submit artifact packages and/or data sets with their papers, for the sake of transparency, reusability, replicability, and/or reproducibility, as well as for facilitating the peer review process. The following guidelines are recommendations and are not mandatory. Your choice will not affect the review process for your paper. Should you decide to embrace this policy, we strongly encourage you to archive empirical datasets on Zenodo or Dataverse, following Google guidelines to dataset providers, and share analysis scripts on freely accessible code repositories such as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket.  
 Self-Archiving  - ICSSP 2023 also encourages authors to self-archive a preprint of your accepted manuscript in arXiv.org or other similar open repositories. This is permitted by the ACM publisher. Note that the final version of the paper, as laid out by the publisher, cannot be self-archived. Instead, manuscripts with reviewer comments addressed must be used, but before applying the camera-ready instructions and templates.  
 Contact  - Feel free to contact the ICSSP 2023 Program Co-Chairs for more details.  

 Sessions  
   
 Paper Session 1 (Process Automation)   
 Automatically Generating Dockerfiles via Deep-Learning: Challenges and Promises | Giovanni Rosa (University of Molise), Antonio Mastropaolo (Università della Svizzera italiana), Simone Scalabrino (University of Molise), Gabriele Bavota (Università della Svizzera Italiana), Rocco Oliveto (University of Molise) 
  An Experience Report on Assessing Software Engineer’s Outputs in Practice | Juzheng Zhang (Nanjing University), He Zhang (Nanjing University), Lanxin Yang (Nanjing University), Liming Dong (Nanjing University), Yue Li (Nanjing University) 
  Automatic Detection of Security Deficiencies and Refactoring Advises for Microservices | Burak Ünver (Ericsson AB), Ricardo Britto (Ericsson AB / Blekinge Institute of Technology) 
  Paper Session 2 (Process Improvement)   
 Using GUI Test Videos to Obtain Stakeholders’ Feedback | Jianwei Shi (Leibniz Universität Hannover), Jonas Mönnich (Leibniz Universität Hannover), Jil Klünder (Leibniz Universität Hannover), Kurt Schneider (Leibniz Universität Hannover) 
  Measuring the Benefits of CI/CD Practices for Database Application Development | Jasmin Fluri (Schaltstelle GmbH), Fabrizio Fornari (University of Camerino), Ela Pustulka (University of Applied Sciences and Arts) 
  On Preparing and Assessing Data for Simulation Process Modeling: An Industrial Report | Liming Dong (Nanjing University), He Zhang (Nanjing University), Yue Li (Nanjing University), Bohan Liu (Nanjing University), Zhilue Weng (Nanjing University) 
  Adding Generic Role- and Process-based Behaviors to Smart Contracts using Dynamic Condition Response Graphs | Yibin Xu (University of Copenhagen), Tijs Slaats (University of Copenhagen), Boris Düdder (University of Copenhagen), Thomas Hildebrandt (University of Copenhagen) 
  Paper Session 3 (Short Paper)   
 Characterizing The Impact of Culture on Agile Methods: The MoCA Model | Michael Neumann (Hochschule Hannover), Klaus Schmid (University of Hildesheim), Lars Baumann (Hochschule Hannover) 
  Towards Sustainable Software for Public Sector Information Systems | Reetta Ghezzi (University of Jyväskylä), Aapo Koski (61 NorthPoint Solutions Oy), Janne Lautanala (Fintraffic Oy), Mikko Lehtisalo (Legal Register Centre), Manu Setälä (Solita Oy), Tommi Mikkonen (University of Jyväskylä) 
  Towards Better Code Reviews: Using Mutation Testing to Improve Reviewer Attention | Ziya Mukhtarov (Bilkent University), Mannan Abdul (Bilkent University), Mokhlaroyim Raupova (Bilkent University), Javid Baghirov (Bilkent University), Osama Tanveer (Bilkent University), Haluk Altunel (Bilkent University), Eray Tuzun (Bilkent University) 
  Industry Talks 1   
 De-risking major industry transformations using experimentation | Gayan Benedict (Salesforce) 
  Analyzing the Implications of NFTs as Digital Identities in Web3.0: A Privacy-Focused Approach | Memoona Anwar (Data Zoo) 
  Considering the Human in the loop when adopting AI | Phillip Norman (HP) 
  Helping companies de-risk the integration of first, second and third-party AI models into a customer engagement platform | Justin Tauber (Salesforce) 
  Industry Talks 2   
 Achieving Business Success - A Framework for Software Delivery of Emerging Technologies | Mahesh Venkataraman (Accenture), Shylaja Shivaram (Accenture) 
  Improve Software and System Process of Cloud Serverless Architectures through Automated Testing with AI | Rohit Patwardhan (Accenture), Mallika Fernandes (Accenture) 

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Sun 14 - Mon 15 May 2023   
  Conference 
 Mon 27 Mar 2023   
  Camera Ready Submission (Extended) 
 Tue 21 Feb 2023   
  Notification 
 Fri 20 Jan 2023   
  Paper Submission (Extended) 
 Fri 20 Jan 2023   
  Industry Talks Slide Package Submission (Extended) 
 Fri 6 Jan 2023   
  Abstract Submission 

 Program Committee    
   
 Ove Armbrust Committee Member    
 Intel   
 United States 
  Alberto Avritzer Committee Member    
 eSulabSolutions 
  ‪H M N Dilum Bandara Committee Member    
 Data61, CSIRO   
 Australia 
  Reda Bendraou Committee Member    
 Sorbonne University — LIP6 / Paris Nanterre University   
 France 
  Ivana Bosnić Committee Member    
 University of Zagreb, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing   
 Croatia 
  Ricardo Britto Committee Member    
 Ericsson / Blekinge Institute of Technology   
 Sweden 
  Jieshan Chen Committee Member    
 CSIRO's Data61   
 Australia 
  Paul Clarke Committee Member    
 Dublin City University & Lero, The Irish Software Research Centre   
 Ireland 
  Chiara Di Francescomarino Committee Member    
 University of Trento   
 Italy 
  Christof Ebert Committee Member    
 Vector Consulting   
 Germany 
  Michael Felderer Committee Member    
 German Aerospace Center (DLR)   
 Germany 
  Eduardo Figueiredo Committee Member    
 Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil   
 Brazil 
  Awdren Fontão Committee Member    
 Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul (UFMS)   
 Brazil 
  Steven D. Fraser Committee Member    
 Innoxec   
 United States 
  Liliana Guzman Committee Member    
 DSA 
  Jens Heidrich Program Co-Chair    
 Fraunhofer IESE   
 Germany 
  Graham Hellestrand Committee Member    
 Embedded Systems Technology, Inc.   
 United States 
  Thong Hoang Committee Member    
 Data61, CSIRO   
 Australia 
  Daniel X. Houston Committee Member    
 The Aerospace Corporation   
 United States 
  LiGuo Huang Committee Member    
 Dept. of Computer Science, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, TX, 75205   
 United States 
  Hajimu Iida Committee Member    
 Nara Institute of Science and Technology 
  Jil Klünder Committee Member    
 Leibniz Universität Hannover   
 Germany 
  Martin Kowalczyk Committee Member    
 Mainz University of Applied Sciences 
  Marco Kuhrmann Committee Member    
 Reutlingen University   
 Germany 
  Xiao Liu Committee Member    
 School of Information Technology, Deakin University   
 Australia 
  Fabrizio Maria Maggi Committee Member    
 Free University of Bozen-Bolzano   
 Italy 
  Antonia Mas Committee Member    
 University of the Balearic Islands   
 Spain 
  Antoni Lluís Mesquida Calafat Committee Member    
 University of the Balearic Islands   
 Spain 
  Jürgen Münch Committee Member    
 Reutlingen University   
 Germany 
  Joyce Nakatumba-Nabende Committee Member    
 Makerere University   
 Uganda 
  So Norimatsu Committee Member    
 Japan Software Process Improvement Consortium 
  Leon Osterweil Committee Member 
  Ali Ouni Committee Member    
 ETS Montreal, University of Quebec   
 Canada 
  Dietmar Pfahl Committee Member    
 University of Tartu   
 Estonia 
  Stefan Sauer Committee Member    
 Paderborn University   
 Germany 
  Lin Shi Committee Member    
 ISCAS   
 China 
  Tijs Slaats Committee Member    
 University of Copenhagen   
 Denmark 
  Viktoria Stray Committee Member    
 University of Oslo   
 Norway 
  Stanley Sutton Committee Member    
 Independent Researcher   
 United States 
  Binish Tanveer Committee Member    
 Blekinge Institute of Technology 
  Paolo Tell Committee Member    
 IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Eray Tüzün Committee Member    
 Bilkent University   
 Turkey 
  Michael Unterkalmsteiner Committee Member    
 Blekinge Institute of Technology   
 Sweden 
  Muhammad Usman Committee Member    
 Blekinge Institute of Technology   
 Sweden 
  Aurora Vizcaíno Committee Member    
 Universidad de Castilla - La Mancha   
 Spain 
  Hironori Washizaki Committee Member    
 Waseda University   
 Japan 
  Mairieli Wessel Committee Member    
 Radboud University   
 Netherlands 
  Dietmar Winkler Committee Member    
 Vienna University of Technology, Austria   
 Austria 
  Krzysztof Wnuk Committee Member    
 Blekinge Institute of Technology   
 Sweden 
  Xiwei (Sherry) Xu Program Co-Chair    
 CSIRO’s Data61   
 Australia 
  Hasan Yasar Committee Member    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Murat Yilmaz Committee Member    
 Gazi University   
 Turkey 
  He Zhang Committee Member    
 Nanjing University   
 China 
  Özden Özcan Top Committee Member    
 Dundalk Institute of Technology & Lero 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

  ICSSP 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 ICSSP 2023  
 ICSSP 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC   
  Visiting Melbourne   
  Keynotes   
  Keynotes   
  Melbourne   
  Victoria   
  Australia   
  Code of Conduct   
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions   
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions   
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions   
  Session Chair Instructions   
  Venue Floor Map   
  Accommodation   
  Registration   
  Visa Letter of Invitation   
  Social Events   
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023   
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement   
  Travel Support   
  Childcare Support    
 Sign Up

49. ICSoft_1 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 ICSOFT 2025 will be held in conjunction with DATA 2025    , SIMULTECH 2025    , DeLTA 2025    , ICSBT 2025    , SECRYPT 2025    and IQSOFT 2025    .   
  Registration to ICSOFT allows free access to the DATA, SIMULTECH, DeLTA, ICSBT, SECRYPT and IQSOFT conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 Upcoming Submission Deadlines  
 Regular Paper Submission:  January 17, 2025    
 Position/Regular Paper Submission:  March 3, 2025    
  
  (See Important Dates for more information)    
 The purpose of the International Conference on Software Technologies, is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested on software development technologies and methodologies. The conference has several tracks including aspects such as "Software Engineering and Systems Development", "Software Systems and Applications" and "Foundational and Trigger Technologies".    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Software Engineering and Systems Development   
  
  2  .  Software Systems and Applications   
  
  3  .  Foundational and Trigger Technologies   

  Conference Chair    
 Leszek Maciaszek  ,  Macquarie Univ., Australia and Wroclaw Univ. of Economics and Business, Poland   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Massimo Mecella  ,  Dipartimento di Ingegneria Informatica Automatica e Gestionale, Sapienza - Universita' Di Roma, Italy   
  Arend Rensink  ,  University of Twente, Netherlands   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book  (final approval pending)  

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

50. ICSoft_2 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 Previous Abstracts  
 2024  | 2023  | 2022  | 2021  | 2020  | 2019  | 2018  | 2017  | 2016  | 2015  | 2014  | 2013  | 2012  | 2011  | 2010  | 2009  | 2008  | 2007  | 2006   
  
  2024   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2024    
   
     Abstracts Track - ICSOFT 2024    
   
  2023   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2023    
   
     Abstracts Track - ICSOFT 2023    
   
  2022   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2022    
   
     Doctoral Consortium on Data Management Technologies, Applications and Software Technologies - DATASOFT_DC 2022    
   
     Abstracts Track - ICSOFT 2022    
   
  2021   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2021    
   
     Abstracts Track - ICSOFT 2021    
   
  2020   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2020    
   
     Doctoral Consortium on Data Management Technologies, Applications and Software Technologies - DCDATASOFT 2020    
   
  2019   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2019    
   
  2018   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2018    
   
     International Special Session on Interaction Design in Educational Environments - IDEE 2018    
   
  2017   
    International Conference on Software Technologies - ICSOFT 2017    
   
  2016   
    International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications - ICSOFT-EA 2016    
   
     International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends - ICSOFT-PT 2016    
   
  2015   
    International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications - ICSOFT-EA 2015    
   
     International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends - ICSOFT-PT 2015    
   
     Doctoral Consortium on Data Management Technologies, Applications and Software Technologies - DCDATASOFT 2015    
   
  2014   
    International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications - ICSOFT-EA 2014    
   
     International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends - ICSOFT-PT 2014    
   
     Doctoral Consortium on Software Technologies - DCSOFT 2014    
   
  2013   
    International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications - ICSOFT-EA 2013    
   
     International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends - ICSOFT-PT 2013    
   
  2012   
    International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends - ICSOFT 2012    
   
  2011   
    International Conference on Software and Data Technologies - ICSOFT 2011    
   
     International Special Session on Architectures, Concepts and Technologies for Service Oriented Computing - ACT4SOC 2011    
   
     International Special Session on Cloud Computing, Technology and Applications - IWCCTA 2011    
   
  2010   
    International Conference on Software and Data Technologies - ICSOFT 2010    
   
     International Workshop on Architectures, Concepts and Technologies for Service Oriented Computing - ACT4SOC 2010    
   
     International Special Session on Data Management and Information Analytics - DMIA 2010    
   
     International Special Session on Software and Data Technologies - SDT 2010    
   
  2009   
    International Conference on Software and Data Technologies - ICSOFT 2009    
   
  2008   
    International Conference on Software and Data Technologies - ICSOFT 2008    
   
  2007   
    International Conference on Software and Data Technologies - ICSOFT 2007    
   
  2006   
    International Conference on Software and Data Technologies - ICSOFT 2006    

 © 2024  INSTICC

51. ICSoft_3 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 Books Published  
 Proceedings  Springer Books   

   2024  | 2023  | 2022  | 2021  | 2020  | 2019  | 2018  | 2017  | 2016  | 2015  | 2014  | 2013  | 2012  | 2011  | 2010  | 2009  | 2008  | 2007  | 2006   

 Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2024  
  Hans-Georg Fill, Francisco José Domínguez Mayo, Marten van Sinderen, Leszek Maciaszek (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-706-1, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2023  
  Hans-Georg Fill, Francisco José Domínguez Mayo, Marten van Sinderen, Leszek Maciaszek (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-665-1, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2022  
  Hans-Georg Fill, Marten van Sinderen, Leszek Maciaszek (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-588-3, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2021  
  Hans-Georg Fill, Marten van Sinderen, Leszek Maciaszek (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-523-4, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2020  
  Marten van Sinderen, Hans-Georg Fill, Leszek Maciaszek (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-443-5, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2019  
  Marten van Sinderen, Leszek Maciaszek (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-379-7, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2018  
  Leszek Maciaszek, Marten van Sinderen (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-320-9, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Software Technologies   
  2017  
  Jorge Cardoso, Leszek Maciaszek, Marten van Sinderen, Enrique Cabello (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-262-2, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 11th International Joint Conference on Software Technologies, Volume 1: ICSOFT-EA   
  2016  
  Leszek Maciaszek, Jorge Cardoso, André Ludwig, Marten van Sinderen, Enrique Cabello (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-194-6, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 11th International Joint Conference on Software Technologies, Volume 2: ICSOFT-PT   
  2016  
  Leszek Maciaszek, Jorge Cardoso, André Ludwig, Marten van Sinderen, Enrique Cabello (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-194-6, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications   
  2015  
  Pascal Lorenz, Leszek Maciaszek (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-114-4, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends   
  2015  
  Pascal Lorenz, Marten van Sinderen, Jorge Cardoso (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-115-1, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications   
  2014  
  Andreas Holzinger, Therese Libourel, Leszek Maciaszek, Stephen Mellor (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-036-9, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends   
  2014  
  Andreas Holzinger, Jorge Cardoso, José Cordeiro, Marten van Sinderen, Stephen Mellor (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-758-037-6, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 8th International Joint Conference on Software Technologies   
  2013  
  José Cordeiro, David Marca, Marten van Sinderen (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8565-68-6, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Software Paradigm Trends   
  2012  
  Slimane Hammoudi, Marten van Sinderen, José Cordeiro (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8565-19-8, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Software and Database Technologies   
  2011  
  Maria Jose Escalona, Boris Shishkov, José Cordeiro (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8425-76-8, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Software and Database Technologies   
  2011  
  Maria Jose Escalona, Boris Shishkov, José Cordeiro (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8425-77-5, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Software and Data Technologies   
  2010  
  José Cordeiro, Maria Virvou, Boris Shishkov (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8425-22-5, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Software and Data Technologies   
  2010  
  José Cordeiro, Maria Virvou, Boris Shishkov (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8425-23-2, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Software and Data Technologies   
  2009  
  Boris Shishkov, José Cordeiro, AlpeshKumar Ranchordas (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-674-009-2, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Software and Data Technologies   
  2009  
  Boris Shishkov, José Cordeiro, AlpeshKumar Ranchordas (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-674-010-8, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Software and Data Technologies, ISDM/ABF   
  2008  
  José Cordeiro, Boris Shishkov, AlpeshKumar Ranchordas, Markus Helfert (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8111-53-1, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Software and Data Technologies, PL/DPS/KE   
  2008  
  José Cordeiro, Boris Shishkov, AlpeshKumar Ranchordas, Markus Helfert (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8111-51-7, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Software and Data Technologies, SE/GSDCA/MUSE   
  2008  
  José Cordeiro, Boris Shishkov, AlpeshKumar Ranchordas, Markus Helfert (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8111-52-4, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Software and Data Technologies, PL/DPS/KE/WsMUSE   
  2007  
  Joaquim Filipe, Markus Helfert, Boris Shishkov (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8111-05-0, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Software and Data Technologies, SE   
  2007  
  Joaquim Filipe, Markus Helfert, Boris Shishkov (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8111-06-7, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Software and Data Technologies, Volume ISDM/WsEHST/DC   
  2007  
  Joaquim Filipe, Markus Helfert, Boris Shishkov (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-989-8111-07-4, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the First International Conference on Software and Data Technologies   
  2006  
  Joaquim Filipe, Boris Shishkov, Markus Helfert (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-972-8865-69-6, published by SCITEPRESS 

 Proceedings of the First International Conference on Software and Data Technologies   
  2006  
  Joaquim Filipe, Boris Shishkov, Markus Helfert (Eds.)  
  ISBN: 978-972-8865-69-6, published by SCITEPRESS 

 © 2024  INSTICC

52. ICSSP_2 conference:
Skip to content  ISSPA    

 Home 
  About Us 
  Organization 
  Articles | Blog 
  Features 
  Conferences | Conferences 
  Conference Proceedings Index 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Contact Us 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  About Us 
  Organization 
  Articles | Blog 
  Features 
  Conferences | Conferences 
  Conference Proceedings Index 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Contact Us 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Conferences  

 The ISSPA has sponsored conferences and workshops over many years. You will find the full set of events listed below. Our flagship conference, the International Conference on Software and Systems Process (ICSSP), runs annually.  
 If you’re just looking for a list of conference proceedings, you can also check here  .  

 Upcoming Events  

 ICSSP 2024  will occur 4-6 September 2024 in Munich, Germany.   

 Directory of Prior Events  

 Click an event to see its full information.  

 ICSSP 2023: Melbourne, Australia  

 General chair(s)  : Liming Zhu   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Jens Heidrich, Xiwei (Sherry) Xu   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with IEEE CS, ACM, TCSE, SIGSOFT   

 ICSSP / ICGSE 2022: Virtual Event / Pittsburgh, PA, USA (Virtual)  

 General chair(s)  : Anita Carleton   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Regina Hebig, John Robert, Igor Steinmacher   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA and Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute (SEI) in cooperation with ACM SIGSOFT   

 ICSSP / ICGSE 2021: Madrid, Spain (Virtual)  

 General chair(s)  : Reda Bendraou, Darja Šmite   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Aurora Vizcaíno, Stefan Sauer   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with ACM, IEEE   

 ICSSP/ICGSE 2020: Seoul, Korea  

 General chair(s)  : Liguo Huang, David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Eray Tüzün, Paul Clarke   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with IEEE CS, ACM, TCSE, SIGSOFT   

 ICSSP 2019: Montreal, QC, Canada  

 General chair(s)  : Stanley M. Sutton Jr.   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Ove Armbrust, Regina Hebig   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with IEEE CS, ACM, TCSE, SIGSOFT   

 ICSSP 2018: Gothenburg, Sweden  

 General chair(s)  : Marco Kuhrmann   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Dan Houston, Rory V. O’Connor   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with ACM SIGSOFT. Also supported by Clausthal University of Technology, Chalmers | University of Gothenburg, IT University of Copenhagen, and Lero – the Irish Software Research Centre   

 ICSSP 2017: Paris, France  

 General chair(s)  : Reda Bendraou, David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : LiGuo Huang, Fabrizio Maria Maggi   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISSPA and UPMC/Sorbonne Universités, in cooperation with ACM. Also supported by SystemX/Institut de Recherche Technologique; Criteo; Fraunhofer IESE; USC CSSE   

 ICSSP 2016: Austin, TX, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Dewayne E. Perry, David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Marco Kuhrmann, Rory O’Connor   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, in cooperation with: University of Texas at Austin Center for Advanced Research in Software Engineering (ARiSE); ISCAS; ACM; ACM SIGSOFT   

 ICSSP 2015: Tallinn, Estonia  

 General chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl,   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Reda Bendraou, Regina Hebig, Marco Kuhrmann, Fabrizio Maggi, Richard Turner   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA; the Institute of Computer Science at the University of Tartu; the Estonian Centre of Excellence in Computer Science (EXCS), and the Estonian Gambling Tax Council. Also in cooperation with SIGSOFT, ISCAS   

 ICSSP 2014: Nanjing, China  

 General chair(s)  : He Zhang   
   
 Program chair(s)  : LiGuo Huang, Ita Richardson   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, Nanjing University, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd.   

 ICSSP 2013: San Francisco, CA, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Jürgen Münch   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Jo Ann Lan, He Zhang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with ISCAS   

 ICSSP 2012: Zurich, Switzerland  

 General chair(s)  : D. Ross Jeffery, David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Ove Armbrust, LiGuo Huang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with ISCAS   

 ICSSP 2011: Honolulu, Hawaii, USA  

 General chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Li Zhang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with ISCAS   

 ICSP 2010: Paderborn, Germany  

 General chair(s)  : Wilhelm Schäfer   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Jürgen Münch, Ye Yang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: The University of Paderborn, the Fraunhofer Institute for Experimental Software Engineering (IESE), ISCAS   

 ICSP 2009: Vancouver, Canada  

 General chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Raymond J. Madachy, Qing Wang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISCAS, ISCAS iTechs   

 ICSP 2008: Leipzig, Germany  

 General chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Qing Wang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, ISCAS, ISCAS iTechs   

 ICSP 2007: Minneapolis, MN, USA  

 General chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Qing Wang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   

 SPW/ProSim 2006: Shanghai, China  

 General chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Qing Wang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   

 ISPW 2005: Beijing, China  

 General chair(s)  : Mianheng Jiang   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Barry W. Boehm, Mingshu Li, Leon J. Osterweil   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: National Natural Science Foundation of China; Institute of Software, the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Organizers: ISCAS Laboratory for Internet Soft- ware Technologies, China; ISCAS State Key Laboratory of Computer Science, China; USC Center for Software Engineering, USA; and UMASS Laboratory for Advanced Software Engineering Research, USA.   

 ICSP5 1998: Lisle, Illinois, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Dewayne Perry   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Bob Balzer and Leon Osterweil   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, Lucent Technologies, Motorola. Also in cooperation with ACM SIGSOFT   

 SP/ICSP4 1996, Brighton, England  

 General chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Wilhelm Schäfer   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA   

 10th ISPW 1996: Dijon, France  

 General chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: SIGSOFT   

 9th ISPW 1994: Airlie, Virginia, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Carlo Ghezzi   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: Not available   

 ICSP3 1994: Reston, Virginia, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Not available   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not available   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with IEEE   

 ICSP2 1993: Berlin, Germany  

 General chair(s)  : Dewayne E. Perry   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: RMISE, in cooperation with IEEE   

 8th ISPW 1993: Schloss Dagstuhl, Germany  

 General chair(s)  : Wilhelm Schäfer   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   

 ICSP1 1991: Redondo Beach, California, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Mark Dowson   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: RMISE, in cooperation with IEEE, ACM SIGSOFT, BCS, IEE, SEAJ   

 7th ISPW 1991: Yountville, California, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Ian Thomas   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: RMISE, in cooperation with IEEE CS TCSE, ACM SIGSOFT   

 6th ISPW 1990: Hakodate, Japan  

 General chair(s)  : Takuya Katayama   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: Rocky Mountain Institute of Software Engineering, Software Engineers Association of Japan   

 5th ISPW 1989: Kennebunkport, Maine, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Dewayne E. Perry   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: SIGSOFT, Rocky Mountain Inst of Soft Eng, IEEE-CS   

 4th ISPW 1988: Moretonhampstead, Devon, UK  

 General chair(s)  : Colin Tully   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ACM SIGSOFT   

 3rd ISPW 1986: Breckenridge, Colorado, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Mark Dowson   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   

 2nd ISPW 1985: Coto de Caza, Trabuco Canyon, California, USA  

 General chair(s)  : Mark Dowson, Jack Wileden   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ACM SIGSOFT and IEEE Computer Society TCSE   

 1st ISPW 1984: Egham, UK  

 General chair(s)  : Colin Potts   
   
 Program chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   

 Full events list  

 ICSSP 2023: Melbourne, Australia  

 General Chair(s)  : Liming Zhu   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with IEEE CS, ACM, TCSE, SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Jens Heidrich, Xiwei (Sherry) Xu   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/10169056/proceeding      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2023.html      

 Event Citation  : IEEE/ACM International Conference on Software and System Processes, ICSSP 2023, Melbourne, Australia, May 14-15, 2023. IEEE 2023, ISBN 979-8-3503-1196-9, DOI: 10.1109/ICSSP59042.2023.   
   
 Event URL  :  

 https://conf.researchr.org/home/icssp-2023      

 ICSSP / ICGSE 2022: Virtual Event / Pittsburgh, PA, USA (Virtual)  

 General Chair(s)  : Anita Carleton   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA and Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute (SEI) in cooperation with ACM SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Regina Hebig, John Robert, Igor Steinmacher   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/3529320      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2022.html      

 Event Citation  : ICSSP/ICGSE 2022: 16th International Conference on Software and System Processes and 17th International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Virtual Event / Pittsburgh, PA, USA, May 19 – 20, 2022. ACM 2022, ISBN 978-1-4503-9674-5   
   
 Event URL  :  

 https://resources.sei.cmu.edu/news-events/events/icssp/      

 ICSSP / ICGSE 2021: Madrid, Spain (Virtual)  

 General Chair(s)  : Reda Bendraou, Darja Šmite   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with ACM, IEEE   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Aurora Vizcaíno, Stefan Sauer   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://www.computer.org/csdl/proceedings/icgse-icssp/2021/1uHgv2NjoDS      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2021.html      

 Event Citation  : 15th IEEE/ACM Joint International Conference on Software and System Processes, and 16th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Global Software Engineering ICSSP/ICGSE 2021, Madrid, Spain, May 17-19, 2021. IEEE 2021, ISBN 978-1-6654-1401-2   
   
 Event URL  :  

 https://conf.researchr.org/home/icssp-icgse-2021      

 ICSSP/ICGSE 2020: Seoul, Korea  

 General Chair(s)  : Liguo Huang, David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with IEEE CS, ACM, TCSE, SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Eray Tüzün, Paul Clarke   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/3379177      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2020.html      

 Event Citation  : ICSSP ’20: International Conference on Software and System Processes, Seoul, Republic of Korea, 26-28 June, 2020. ACM 2020, ISBN 978-1-4503-7512-2   
   
 Event URL  :  

 https://conf.researchr.org/home/icse-2020/icssp-2020?      

 ICSSP 2019: Montreal, QC, Canada  

 General Chair(s)  : Stanley M. Sutton Jr.   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with IEEE CS, ACM, TCSE, SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Ove Armbrust, Regina Hebig   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.5555/3339986      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2019.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the International Conference on Software and System Processes, ICSSP 2019, Montreal, QC, Canada, May 25-26, 2019. IEEE / ACM 2019, ISBN 978-1-7281-3393-5   
   
 Event URL  :  

 https://2019.icse-conferences.org/track/icssp-2019-papers      

 ICSSP 2018: Gothenburg, Sweden  

 General Chair(s)  : Marco Kuhrmann   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsored by ISSPA in cooperation with ACM SIGSOFT. Also supported by Clausthal University of Technology, Chalmers | University of Gothenburg, IT University of Copenhagen, and Lero – the Irish Software Research Centre   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Dan Houston, Rory V. O’Connor   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/3202710      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2018.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference on Software and System Process, ICSSP 2018, Gothenburg, Sweden, May 26-27, 2018. ACM 2018   
   
 Event URL  :  

 https://www.icse2018.org/track/icssp-2018-papers      

 ICSSP 2017: Paris, France  

 General Chair(s)  : Reda Bendraou, David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISSPA and UPMC/Sorbonne Universités, in cooperation with ACM. Also supported by SystemX/Institut de Recherche Technologique; Criteo; Fraunhofer IESE; USC CSSE   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : LiGuo Huang, Fabrizio Maria Maggi   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/action/showFmPdf?doi=10.1145%2F3084100      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2017.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the 2017 International Conference on Software and System Process, Paris, France, ICSSP 2017, July 5-7, 2017. ACM 2017, ISBN 978-1-4503-5270-3   

 ICSSP 2016: Austin, TX, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Dewayne E. Perry, David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, in cooperation with: University of Texas at Austin Center for Advanced Research in Software Engineering (ARiSE); ISCAS; ACM; ACM SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Marco Kuhrmann, Rory O’Connor   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/2904354      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2016.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the International Conference on Software and Systems Process, ICSSP 2016, Austin, Texas, USA, May 14-15, 2016. ACM 2016, ISBN 978-1-4503-4188-2   

 ICSSP 2015: Tallinn, Estonia  

 General Chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl,   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA; the Institute of Computer Science at the University of Tartu; the Estonian Centre of Excellence in Computer Science (EXCS), and the Estonian Gambling Tax Council. Also in cooperation with SIGSOFT, ISCAS   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Reda Bendraou, Regina Hebig, Marco Kuhrmann, Fabrizio Maggi, Richard Turner   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/2785592      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2015.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the 2015 International Conference on Software and System Process, ICSSP 2015, Tallinn, Estonia, August 24 – 26, 2015. ACM 2015, ISBN 978-1-4503-3346-7   

 ICSSP 2014: Nanjing, China  

 General Chair(s)  : He Zhang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, Nanjing University, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd.   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : LiGuo Huang, Ita Richardson   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/2600821      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2014.html      

 Event Citation  : International Conference on Software and Systems Process 2014, ICSSP ’14, Nanjing, China – May 26 – 28, 2014. ACM 2014, ISBN 978-1-4503-2754-1   

 ICSSP 2013: San Francisco, CA, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Jürgen Münch   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with ISCAS   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Jo Ann Lan, He Zhang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/2486046      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2013.html      

 Event Citation  : International Conference on Software and System Process, ICSSP ’13, San Francisco, CA, USA, May 18-19, 2013. ACM 2013, ISBN 978-1-4503-2062-7   

 ICSSP 2012: Zurich, Switzerland  

 General Chair(s)  : D. Ross Jeffery, David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with ISCAS   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Ove Armbrust, LiGuo Huang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://www.computer.org/csdl/proceedings/icssp/2012/12OmNAndiqc      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2012.html      

 Event Citation  : 2012 International Conference on Software and System Process, ICSSP 2012, Zurich, Switzerland, June 2-3, 2012. IEEE Computer Society 2012, ISBN 978-1-4673-2351-2.   

 ICSSP 2011: Honolulu, Hawaii, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with ISCAS   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Li Zhang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/1987875#issue-downloads      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icssp2011.html      

 Event Citation  : International Conference on Software and Systems Process (ICSSP 2011), Processes for Tomorrow’s Systems Engineering, Honolulu, HI, USA, May 21-22, 2011, Proceedings. ACM 2011, ISBN 978-1-4503-0730-7.   

 ICSP 2010: Paderborn, Germany  

 General Chair(s)  : Wilhelm Schäfer   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: The University of Paderborn, the Fraunhofer Institute for Experimental Software Engineering (IESE), ISCAS   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Jürgen Münch, Ye Yang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-642-14347-2?page=1#toc      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icsp2010.html      

 Event Citation  : New Modeling Concepts for Today’s Software Processes, International Conference on Software Process, ICSP 2010, Paderborn, Germany, July 8-9, 2010. Proceedings. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 6195, Springer 2010, ISBN 978-3-642-14346-5   

 ICSP 2009: Vancouver, Canada  

 General Chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISCAS, ISCAS iTechs   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Raymond J. Madachy, Qing Wang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-642-01680-6      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icsp2009.html      

 Event Citation  : Trustworthy Software Development Processes, International Conference on Software Process, ICSP 2009 Vancouver, Canada, May 16-17, 2009 Proceedings. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 5543, Springer 2009, ISBN 978-3-642-01679-0   

 ICSP 2008: Leipzig, Germany  

 General Chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, ISCAS, ISCAS iTechs   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Qing Wang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-540-79588-9      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icsp2008.html      

 Event Citation  : Making Globally Distributed Software Development a Success Story, International Conference on Software Process, ICSP 2008, Leipzig, Germany, May 10-11, 2008, Proceedings. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 5007, Springer 2008, ISBN 978-3-540-79587-2   

 ICSP 2007: Minneapolis, MN, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Qing Wang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/bfm%3A978-3-540-72426-1%2F1      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/icsp2007.html      

 Event Citation  : Software Process Dynamics and Agility, International Conference on Software Process, ICSP 2007, Minneapolis, MN, USA, May 19-20, 2007, Proceedings. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 4470, Springer 2007, ISBN 978-3-540-72425-4.   

 SPW/ProSim 2006: Shanghai, China  

 General Chair(s)  : David Raffo   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Dietmar Pfahl, Qing Wang   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/11754305      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/spw2006.html      

 Event Citation  : Software Process Change, International Software Process Workshop and International Workshop on Software Process Simulation and Modeling, SPW/ProSim 2006, Shanghai, China, May 20-21, 2006, Proceedings. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 3966, Springer 2006, ISBN 3-540-34199-4.   

 ISPW 2005: Beijing, China  

 General Chair(s)  : Mianheng Jiang   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: National Natural Science Foundation of China; Institute of Software, the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Organizers: ISCAS Laboratory for Internet Soft- ware Technologies, China; ISCAS State Key Laboratory of Computer Science, China; USC Center for Software Engineering, USA; and UMASS Laboratory for Advanced Software Engineering Research, USA.   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Barry W. Boehm, Mingshu Li, Leon J. Osterweil   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/11608035      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/spw2006.html      

 Event Citation  : Unifying the Software Process Spectrum, International Software Process Workshop, SPW 2005, Beijing, China, May 25-27, 2005, Revised Selected Papers. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 3840, Springer 2005, ISBN 3-540-31112-2.   

 ICSP5 1998: Lisle, Illinois, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Dewayne Perry   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ISPA, Lucent Technologies, Motorola. Also in cooperation with ACM SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Bob Balzer and Leon Osterweil   
   
 DBLP URL  :  

 Not available      

 Event Citation  : ICSP5: Computer Supported Organizational Work—Integrating Active Databases, Coordination, Method Engineering, Process, and Workflow Technologies, 15-17 June 1998.   

 SP/ICSP4 1996, Brighton, England  

 General Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Wilhelm Schäfer   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://www.computer.org/csdl/proceedings/icsp/1996/12OmNAndiqd      

 DBLP URL  :  

 Not available      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings. First International Conference on the Software Process, Improvement and Practice, in “Proceedings of Software Process 1996”, Brighton, UK, 1996. doi: 10.1109/ICSP.1996.565013   

 10th ISPW 1996: Dijon, France  

 General Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.5555/850995?id=31      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1996.html      

 Event Citation  : 10th International Software Process Workshop, ISPW 1996, June 17-19, 1996, Dijon, France. IEEE Computer Society 1996, ISBN 0-8186-7725-2   

 9th ISPW 1994: Airlie, Virginia, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Carlo Ghezzi   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: Not available   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/3880/proceeding?isnumber=11304&pageNumber=1      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1994.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the Ninth International Software Process Workshop (ISPW ’94), October 1994, Airlie, Virginia, USA. IEEE Computer Society 1994, ISBN 0-8186-6770-2   

 ICSP3 1994: Reston, Virginia, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Not available   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ISPA, in cooperation with IEEE   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not available   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/1010/proceeding      

 DBLP URL  :  

 Not available      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the Third International Conference on the Software Process, Applying the Software Process, 10-11 October 1994, Reston, Virginia, USA. DOI: 10.1109/SPCON.1994.   

 ICSP2 1993: Berlin, Germany  

 General Chair(s)  : Dewayne E. Perry   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: RMISE, in cooperation with IEEE   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/458/proceeding      

 DBLP URL  :  

 Not available      

 Event Citation  : Proceeding of the Second International Conference on the Software Process. Continuous Software Process Improvement, 25-26 February, 1993, Berlin, Germany. DOI: 10.1109/SPCON.1993.   

 8th ISPW 1993: Schloss Dagstuhl, Germany  

 General Chair(s)  : Wilhelm Schäfer   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1993.html      

 Event Citation  : State of the Practice in Process Technology, Proceedings of the Eighth International Software Process Workshop (ISPW ’93), March 2-5, 1993, Wadern, Schloss Dagstuhl, Germany. IEEE Computer Society 1993, ISBN 0-8186-4060-X.   

 ICSP1 1991: Redondo Beach, California, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Mark Dowson   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: RMISE, in cooperation with IEEE, ACM SIGSOFT, BCS, IEE, SEAJ   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/5386/proceeding      

 DBLP URL  :  

 Not available      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings. First International Conference on the Software Process, Manufacturing Complex Systems, 21-26 October 1991, Redodo Beach, California, USA. DOI: 10.1109/ICSP.1991.   

 7th ISPW 1991: Yountville, California, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Ian Thomas   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: RMISE, in cooperation with IEEE CS TCSE, ACM SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/5048/proceeding      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1991.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the Seventh International Software Process Workshop (ISPW ’91), Communication and Coordination in the Software Process, October 1991, Yountville, California, USA. IEEE Computer Society 1991, ISBN 0-8186-4050-X.   

 6th ISPW 1990: Hakodate, Japan  

 General Chair(s)  : Takuya Katayama   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: Rocky Mountain Institute of Software Engineering, Software Engineers Association of Japan   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/5298/proceeding      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1990.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the Sixth International Software Process Workshop (ISPW ’90), Support for the Software Process, October 1990, Hakodate, Japan. IEEE Computer Society 1990, ISBN 0-8186-2495-7.   

 5th ISPW 1989: Kennebunkport, Maine, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Dewayne E. Perry   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: SIGSOFT, Rocky Mountain Inst of Soft Eng, IEEE-CS   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.5555/317498      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1990.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the Fifth International Software Process Workshop (ISPW ’89), Experience with software process models, October 1989, Kennebunkport, Maine, USA. IEEE Computer Society 1989, ISBN 0-8186-2104-4.   

 4th ISPW 1988: Moretonhampstead, Devon, UK  

 General Chair(s)  : Colin Tully   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsor: ACM SIGSOFT   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/75110      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1989.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the Forth International Software Process Workshop (ISPW 1988), Representing and enacting the software process, Moretonhampstead, Devon, UK, May 1988. ACM 1988, ISBN 978-0-89791-314-0.   

 3rd ISPW 1986: Breckenridge, Colorado, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Mark Dowson   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1986.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of the Third International Software Process Workshop (ISPW ’86), November 1986, Beckenridge, Colorado, USA. IEEE Computer Society 1986.   

 2nd ISPW 1985: Coto de Caza, Trabuco Canyon, California, USA  

 General Chair(s)  : Mark Dowson, Jack Wileden   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Sponsors: ACM SIGSOFT and IEEE Computer Society TCSE   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 Proceedings URL  :  

 https://dl.acm.org/toc/sigsoft/1986/11/4      

 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1985.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of an International Workshop on the Software Process and Software Environments, Coto de Caza, Trabuco Canyon, California, USA, March 1985. ACM 1985.   

 1st ISPW 1984: Egham, UK  

 General Chair(s)  : Colin Potts   
   
 Organizers and Sponsors  : Not available   
   
 Program Chair(s)  : Not applicable   
   
 DBLP URL  :  

 https://dblp.org/db/conf/ispw/ispw1984.html      

 Event Citation  : Proceedings of a Software Process Workshop, February 1984, Egham, UK. IEEE Computer Society 1984.   

 ISSPA  

 ISSPA is a globally distributed virtual organization.  
 Postal mail for ISSPA can be addressed to:  
 International Software and Systems Process Association   
 9169 W State St #2064  
 Garden City, ID, 83714, USA  
 Or, to send us email, contact us  .  

 Links  

 Home 
  About the ISSPA 
  Articles 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Policies 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  About the ISSPA 
  Articles 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Policies 

 Subscribe to/unsubscribe from our mailing list  

     Full name     
 Email address     
    
 Subscribe or Unsubscribe?   Subscribe    Unsubscribe     

 Process my request      

 © 2022 International Software and Systems Process Association. All rights reserved.  

 Thanks! We will process your request ASAP.

53. ICSA_0 conference:
Skip to content  ICSA  

 The Series Expand | History 
  Steering Committee 
  Awards Expand | Most Influential Papers 
  Hall of Fame 
  Call for Proposals 
  ICSA 2025 

 ICSA   

 Toggle Menu         

   WE ARE ICSA   
 The premier conference on Software Architecture   

 The International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA) is the premier venue for practitioners and researchers interested in software architecture, in component-based software engineering and in quality aspects of software and how these relate to the design of software architectures. ICSA has a strong tradition as a working conference (previously named Working International Conference on Software Architecture, WICSA), where researchers meet practitioners and software architects can explain the problems they face in their day-to-day work and try to influence the future of the field.  
 On this web site you can find information about the ICSA conference series as well as useful information for organizing a future ICSA conference. We also provide information about the history of ICSA and its predecessor conferences, WICSA, CBSE, and QoSA  , on awards for most influential papers of past instances of ICSA  and a hall of fame of past best papers and best reviewers  .  
   
 Tweets by ICSAconf  IEEE International Conference on Software Architecture – ICSA   

 UPCOMING EDITION  
   ICSA 2025, March 31- April 4, Odense, Denmark     
 PREVIOUS RECENT EDITIONS  
   ICSA 2024, June 4-8, Hyderabad, Telangana, India      ICSA 2023, March 13-17, L’Aquila, Italy     ICSA 2022, March 12-15, Honolulu, Hawaii     ICSA 2021, March 22–26, Stuttgart, Germany     ICSA 2020, November 2–6, Salvador, Brazil     ICSA 2019, March 25–29, Hamburg, Germany     ICSA 2018, April 30–May 4, Seattle, USA     ICSA 2017, April 3–7, Gothenburg, Sweden      

 © 2024 ICSA - WordPress Theme by Kadence WP   

 The Series  Toggle child menu  Expand | History 
  Steering Committee 
  Awards  Toggle child menu  Expand | Most Influential Papers 
  Hall of Fame 
  Call for Proposals 
  ICSA 2025

54. SETA_0 conference:
SETA 2020  Welcome Letter 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees 
  Program 
  Speakers 
  For Authors | Registration  Paper submission 
  Transportation 
  Hotels 
  Contacts 

   SEquences and Their Applications 2020  
  
   22-25 September   Russia, Saint-Petersburg    

 Dear colleagues and friends!   
 Under the current circumstance of the COVID-19 pandemic, the health and safety of our participants are our priority. As such, we have decided to run SETA2020 as a virtual online conference on the same dates, September 22-25, 2020. We also decided to extend the deadline of submission and change other important dates accordingly as:  
 22 June 2020 – Extended Submission Deadline 
  10 Aug. 2020 – Acceptance Notification 
  03 Sept. 2020 – Final submission of accepted extended abstracts 
  Please make use of this extension to prepare your submission(s) and/or to improve your previously submitted ones at the following Easychair link:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=seta2020   
 Further information will be posted soon regarding the online platform that we will be using for SETA2020.  
 The participiants of SETA2020 to have no registration fee for the digital conference.  
 Yours sincerely,  
  Program Committee  
  Tor Helleseth, Chunlei Li, and Zhengchun Zhou.  
   
 SETA is a leading international conference in the areas of sequences and their applications to communication and cryptography. The conference provides a forum for the research communities of these domains, and covers all of the fundamental, computational and implementation aspects of these fields.  
 Language  
 The official language of the event is English  .  
   
 Important dates  
 18 May 2020 | – Submission Deadline 
  22 June 2020 | – Extended Submission Deadline 
  10 Aug 2020 | – Acceptance Notification 
  03 Sept 2020 | – Final submission of accepted extended abstracts 
  21 Dec 2020 | – Submission of full papers to a special issue in the Springer journal Cryptography and Communications – Discrete Structures, Boolean Functions and Sequences 

 Instructions for Authors  
 Extended abstracts of 6-12 pages can be submitted in PDF format via | submission link | . | The Latex template is available here ( | seta2020-template.tex | ) 
  Submissions will be peer-reviewed and accepted submissions will be presented at the conference. Accepted extended abstracts will be made available to the conference participants during the conference. 
  Authors of accepted extended abstracts will be invited to submit a full paper to a special issue in an international journal. 
  List of Topics  
 The topics of the SETA consequence include, but are not limited to:  
 Aperiodic and periodic correlation of sequences 
  Combinatorial aspects of sequences, including difference sets 
  Correlation and transformation of Boolean functions 
  Linear and nonlinear complexity of sequences 
  Linear and nonlinear feedback shift register sequences 
  Multidimensional sequences and their correlation 
  Number-theoretic aspects of sequences 
  Pseudorandom sequence generator properties 
  Randomness of sequences 
  Sequences over finite fields/rings/function fields 
  Sequences with applications in coding theory and cryptography 
  Sequences for radar, synchronization, and wireless communications 
  Construction algorithms and software implementation of signal structures 
  Wireless Communication and Networks 
  Network Coding and Applications 
  Conference Sponsors  
 PJSFC Sistema 

  Welcome to St. Petersburg  
 Few cities in the world can rival Saint Petersburg in the amazing fastness of its birth, development and flowering. There is hardly any other similarly daring and ambitious city that even in its cradle claimed for the right to be on a par with major centers of Europe. Founded by Peter the Great on the Baltic borders of Russia, Saint-Petersburg grew to become, within merely two decades, the brilliant capital of the Great Russian Empire.  
   Registration    

  © 2024 St. Petersburg Electrotechnical University "LETI"

55. ICSSP_3 conference:
Skip to content  ISSPA    

 Home 
  About Us 
  Organization 
  Articles | Blog 
  Features 
  Conferences | Conferences 
  Conference Proceedings Index 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Contact Us 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  About Us 
  Organization 
  Articles | Blog 
  Features 
  Conferences | Conferences 
  Conference Proceedings Index 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Contact Us 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 About the ISSPA  

 The International Software and Systems Process Association (ISSPA) is a professional association for software engineers, systems engineers, and other professionals with a special interest in process as a distinguished field of research, development, application, and improvement.  
 ISSPA has often with with other groups in organizing, sponsoring, and conducting events. In recent years ISSPA has worked with ACM and IEEE, the International Conference on Software Engineering and the International Conference on Global Software Engineering, the Institute of Software of the Chinese Academy of Science, the Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute, and (for ICSSP 2023) CSIRO’s Data61 unit, the data and digital specialist arm of Australia’s national science agency. ISSPA will welcome the opportunity to work with other organizations in future events.  

 Organization 
  Mission 
  Technical Perspective 
  Activity 
  Policies 
   
   Menu    
 Organization 
  Mission 
  Technical Perspective 
  Activity 
  Policies 

 Organization  

 The ISSPA has been registered as a not-for-profit Virginia nonstock corporation since 2016. It has a Board of Directors comprising its Officers (President, Treasurer, and Secretary) and a variable number of At-large Directors. It maintains a list of some 200 Associate members with whom it communicates periodically regarding ISSPA-sponsored events and other matters relating to its mission. Read more about the organization of the ISSPA  .    

 Mission  

 The ISSPA’s mission is to advance software and other processes in science, technology, and practice. It recognizes the broad significance of process across science, engineering, business, government, and society.  

 Technical Perspective  

 The foundational principles that inform the ISSPA’s technical efforts are that:  
 Processes are a kind of software. 
  Software engineering affords unique capabilities for understanding, supporting, and improving processes. 
  Software and systems engineering offer tools and methods that can be applied to the study and development of processes, both within these disciplines and beyond. 
   
 Additionally, the ISSPA understands that many processes are multidimensional in their influences, concerns, and impacts. Hence, it recognizes that contributions to its mission may originate from many different disciplines.  

 Activity  

 The ISSPA’s principal activity has been to oversee and participate in the organization and conduct of an annual series of technical conferences: the International Conference on Software and Systems Process (ICSSP). These conferences have been held regularly since 2011 in locations around the world. (A predecessor to ISSPA, the International Software Process Association, organized conferences and workshops prior to 2017.) The proceedings of these conferences have been published by major publishers of software engineering research, including ACM Press, IEEE Computer Society Press, and Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science.  
 Learn more about the next ICSSP.   
 Peruse a directory of prior ICSSP, ICSP, and ISPW conferences and workshops, with links to their proceedings and other information.  .  
 Find information about the history behind the ISSPA and ICSSP  .  

 Policies  

 As a professional association centered in computer science and engineering, the ISSPA has adopted the applicable policies of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and the International Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) regarding conduct, integrity, inclusivity, and nondiscrimination.  
 View the policies adopted by the ISSPA   .  

 ISSPA  

 ISSPA is a globally distributed virtual organization.  
 Postal mail for ISSPA can be addressed to:  
 International Software and Systems Process Association   
 9169 W State St #2064  
 Garden City, ID, 83714, USA  
 Or, to send us email, contact us  .  

 Links  

 Home 
  About the ISSPA 
  Articles 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Policies 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  About the ISSPA 
  Articles 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences 
  Propose a Collaboration 
  Policies 

 Subscribe to/unsubscribe from our mailing list  

     Full name     
 Email address     
    
 Subscribe or Unsubscribe?   Subscribe    Unsubscribe     

 Process my request      

 © 2022 International Software and Systems Process Association. All rights reserved.  

 Thanks! We will process your request ASAP.

56. ICSA_1 conference:
Skip to content      

 Menu   Attending | Registration 
  Program 
  Keynotes 
  ICSA 2023 Panel 
  Social Events 
  Virtual Attendance 
  Venue 
  Reach L’Aquila 
  Accommodation 
  Visa Information 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  PC – Technical Track 
  PC – New and  
  Emerging Ideas 
  PC – Early Career 
  PC – Software  
  Architecture in  
  Practice 
  Important Dates 
  Conference Tracks | Technical Track 
  Journal First Track 
  Software  
  Architecture in  
  Practice Track 
  New and Emerging  
  Ideas Track 
  Early Career  
  Researchers Forum 
  Poster Track 
  Artifact Evaluation  
  Track 
  Workshop and Tutorials | Workshop Proposals 
  Accepted Workshops 
  Tutorial Proposals 
  Tutorials 
  Working Sessions 
  Student Volunteers 
  Sponsors 
  Become a Sponsor 
  About ICSA 

 Register Now    

 13-17 March 2023, L'Aquila, Italy  
 20th IEEE International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA 2023)  
 ICSA is the premier venue for practitioners and researchers interested in software architecture, in component-based software engineering and in quality aspects of software and how these relate to the design of software architectures. ICSA has a strong tradition as a working conference, where researchers meet practitioners and software architects can explain the problems they face in their day-to-day work and try to influence the future of the field.  

 Reach L'Aquila   

 Venue Information   

 Program   

 Organizing Committee   

 20th IEEE International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA 2023)  
 March 2023 | L'Aquila, Italy  

 Our Sponsors  
     
 Platinum Sponsor.  
   
 Gold Sponsor  
   
 Bronze Sponsor  

 Visit L'Aquila  

 #ICSA23  

 Copyright © 2024 ICSA 2023 –  OnePress  theme by FameThemes

57. SETA_1 conference:
Conference Partner   Home 
  Conferences 
  Journals 
  Proofreading 
  Login 

  中文  |  English  |  Español  |  日本語     

 Conference Partner  » Conferences  » SETA    
  Conference Information   
   
 SETA 2014: SEquences and Their Applications  
 http://people.eng.unimelb.edu.au/udaya/seta14/   
   
 Submission Date: | 2014-05-25 
 Notification Date: | 2014-06-15 
 Conference Date: | 2014-11-24 
 Location: | Melbourne, Australia 
 Years: | 8 
  
 Viewed: 9739  Tracked: 1  Attend: 0    

  Call For Papers   
   
 SETA is the leading international conference in the areas of sequences and their applications to communication and cryptography. It has been held in various locations around the world in Singapore (Republic of Singapore) 1998, Bergen (Norway) 2001, Seoul (South Korea) 2004, Beijing (China) 2006, Lexington (USA) 2008, Paris (France) 2010 and Waterloo (Canada) 2012. The conference provides a forum for the research communities of these domains, and covers all of the fundamental, computational and implementation aspects of these fields. The SETA proceedings will be published by Springer. The eighth International Conference on Sequences and Their Applications (SETA’14) will be held from November 24 to 28, 2014, in Melbourne, Australia. Previously unpublished papers on all technical aspects of sequences and their applications in communications, cryptography, and combinatorics are solicited for submission to SETA’14. Topics include: Randomness of sequences Correlation (periodic and aperiodic types) and combinatorial aspects of sequences (difference sets) Sequences with applications in coding theory and cryptography Sequences over finite fields/rings/function fields Linear and nonlinear feedback shift register sequences Sequences for radar distance ranging, synchronization, identification, and hardware testing Sequences for wireless communication Pseudorandom sequence generators Correlation and transformation of Boolean functions Multidimensional sequences and their correlation properties Linear and nonlinear complexity of sequences  Last updated by Dou Sun  in 2016-01-20   

  Related Conferences   

 CCF | CORE | QUALIS | Short | Full Name | Submission | Notification | Conference 
 ICMSB | International Conference on Medicine Sciences and Bioengineering | 2016-10-14 | 2016-10-20 | 2016-10-15 
 CIoTSC | International Conference on Computer, Internet of Things and Smart City | 2023-09-25 | 2023-10-20 | 2023-11-03 
 b | b2 | MUM | International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia | 2024-08-29 | 2024-10-05 | 2024-12-01 
 iThings | International Conference on Internet of Things | 2024-05-01 | 2024-06-01 | 2024-08-19 
 ICESD | International Conference on Environmental Science and Development | 2019-09-25 | 2019-10-20 | 2020-02-10 
 DCA | International Conference on Digital Contents and Applications | 2015-10-15 | 2015-11-10 | 2015-12-16 
 c | b2 | ISMIS | International Symposium on Methodologies for Intelligent Systems | 2022-05-26 | 2022-07-08 | 2022-10-03 
 ICVARS | International Conference on Virtual and Augmented Reality Simulations | 2025-06-15 | 2025-07-15 | 2025-07-25 
 CGIIT | International Conference on Graphics, Images and Interactive Techniques | 2024-08-30 | 2024-09-30 | 2025-02-27 
 ICESM | International Conference on Embedded System and Microprocessors | 2012-09-01 | 2012-09-15 | 2012-11-03 
  
 2017  4691  1035  1009  3440  1234  1040  3339  3829  1023    

 Short | Full Name | Submission | Conference 
 ICMSB | International Conference on Medicine Sciences and Bioengineering | 2016-10-14 | 2016-10-15 
 CIoTSC | International Conference on Computer, Internet of Things and Smart City | 2023-09-25 | 2023-11-03 
 MUM | International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia | 2024-08-29 | 2024-12-01 
 iThings | International Conference on Internet of Things | 2024-05-01 | 2024-08-19 
 ICESD | International Conference on Environmental Science and Development | 2019-09-25 | 2020-02-10 
 DCA | International Conference on Digital Contents and Applications | 2015-10-15 | 2015-12-16 
 ISMIS | International Symposium on Methodologies for Intelligent Systems | 2022-05-26 | 2022-10-03 
 ICVARS | International Conference on Virtual and Augmented Reality Simulations | 2025-06-15 | 2025-07-25 
 CGIIT | International Conference on Graphics, Images and Interactive Techniques | 2024-08-30 | 2025-02-27 
 ICESM | International Conference on Embedded System and Microprocessors | 2012-09-01 | 2012-11-03 
  
 2017  4691  1035  1009  3440  1234  1040  3339  3829  1023    

  Related Journals   

 CCF | Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher | ISSN 
 Journal of Research on Technology in Education | 4.500 | Taylor & Francis | 1539-1523 
 New Generation Computing | 2.000 | Springer | 0288-3635 
 Journal of Optical Communications and Networking | 4.000 | OSA Publishing | 1943-0620 
 International Journal of Photoenergy | 2.100 | Hindawi | 1110-662X 
 b | Open Systems and Information Dynamics | Springer | 1573-1324 
 c | Natural Language Engineering | 2.500 | Cambridge University Press | 1351-3249 
 Bulletin of Electrical Engineering and Informatics | IAES | 2089-3191 
 b | Human–Computer Interaction | Taylor & Francis | 0737-0024 
 International Journal for Numerical Methods in Fluids | 1.700 | Wiley-Blackwell | 0271-2091 
 Computer Methods and Programs in Biomedicine | 4.900 | Elsevier | 0169-2607 
  
 802  525  603  646  526  231  878  699  851  620    

 Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher 
 Journal of Research on Technology in Education | 4.500 | Taylor & Francis 
 New Generation Computing | 2.000 | Springer 
 Journal of Optical Communications and Networking | 4.000 | OSA Publishing 
 International Journal of Photoenergy | 2.100 | Hindawi 
 Open Systems and Information Dynamics | Springer 
 Natural Language Engineering | 2.500 | Cambridge University Press 
 Bulletin of Electrical Engineering and Informatics | IAES 
 Human–Computer Interaction | Taylor & Francis 
 International Journal for Numerical Methods in Fluids | 1.700 | Wiley-Blackwell 
 Computer Methods and Programs in Biomedicine | 4.900 | Elsevier 
  
 802  525  603  646  526  231  878  699  851  620    

  Recommendation   

 Track It 1 
  Attend It 0 
  Edit CFP 

 Tracker 
 Xianjun Hu (678) 
  
 2254    
   
  Advertisment   

 4,945  Conferences | 1,179  Journals | 69,527  Researchers | 383,501,144 PV  
  Copyright © 2011-2024 myhuiban.com. All Rights Reserved. About Us  | Facebook  | X  | Post CFP or Contact Us  | Promotion

58. ICSA_2 conference:
ICSA 2025   Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025 Odense, Denmark    

 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  ICSA 2025 
  All Editions | ICSA 2025 
  ICSA 2024 
  ICSA 2023 
  ICSA 2022 
  ICSA 2021 
  ICSA 2020 
  ICSA 2019 
  ICSA 2018 
  ICSA 2017 
  History 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 ICSA  
   
 The International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA) is the premier venue for practitioners and researchers interested in software architecture, in component-based software engineering and in quality aspects of software and how these relate to the design of software architectures. ICSA has a strong tradition as a working conference (previously named Working International Conference on Software Architecture, WICSA), where researchers meet practitioners and software architects can explain the problems they face in their day-to-day work and try to influence the future of the field.  
 On this web site you can find information about the ICSA conference series as well as useful information for organizing a future ICSA conference. We also provide information about the history of ICSA and its predecessor conferences, WICSA, CBSE, and QoSA,  on awards for most influential papers of past instances of ICSA  and a hall of fame of past best papers and best reviewers.   

 All Editions   

 Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025 Odense, Denmark  ICSA 2025   
 The International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA) supported by IEEE, is the premier event for software architecture since 1998. Known for its vibrant and collaborative atmosphere, ICSA unites researchers, practitioners, and educators to shape the future of software architecture. ICSA 2025 will take place in Odense, Denmark between 31st March and 4th April 2025. Check out more about the history and pa ... 
 Tue 4 - Sat 8 June 2024 Hyderabad, Telangana, India  ICSA 2024   
 The International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA) is the premier venue for practitioners and researchers interested in software architecture, in component-based software engineering and in quality aspects of software and how these relate to the design of software architectures. ICSA has a strong tradition as a working conference (previously named Working International Conference on Software Architectur ... 
 March 2023, L'Aquila, Italy  ICSA 2023  
 More information on this edition at https://icsa-conferences.org/2023/ 
 March 2022, Honolulu, USA  ICSA 2022  
 More information on this edition at http://icsa-conferences.org/2022/ 
 March 2021, Stuttgart, Germany  ICSA 2021  
 More information on this edition at http://icsa-conferences.org/2021/ 
 November 2020, Salvador, Brazil  ICSA 2020  
 More information on this edition at http://icsa-conferences.org/2020/ 
 March 2019, Hamburg, Germany  ICSA 2019  
 More information on this edition at https://icsa-conferences.org/2019/ 
 April 2018, Seattle, USA  ICSA 2018  
 More information on this edition at http://icsa-conferences.org/2018/ 
 April 2017, Gothenburg, Sweden  ICSA 2017  
 More information on this edition at http://icsa-conferences.org/2017/ 
 March 2016  History  
 More information on this edition at https://icsa-conferences.org/series/history/ 

 Organizing Committee (ICSA 2025)   
   
 Mikkel Baun Kjærgaard General Co-Chair    
 University of Southern Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Len Bass General Co-Chair    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Jan Bosch Program Co-Chair    
 Chalmers University of Technology   
 Sweden 
  Raffaela Mirandola Program Co-Chair    
 Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT)   
 Germany 
  Mahyar T. Moghaddam Organizing Chair    
 University of Southern Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Barbora Buhnova Journal-First Track Co-Chair    
 Masaryk University   
 Czechia 
  Radu Calinescu Journal-First Track Co-Chair    
 University of York, UK   
 United Kingdom 
  Jens Bæk Jørgensen Software Architecture in Practice Co-Chair    
 Mjølner Informatics   
 Denmark 
  Pablo Oliveira Antonino Software Architecture in Practice Co-Chair    
 Fraunhofer IESE 
  Alessio Bucaioni Early Career Track Co-Chair    
 Mälardalen University 
  Patricia Lago Early Career Track Co-Chair    
 Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam   
 Netherlands 
  Patrizia Scandurra New and Emerging Ideas Track Co-Chair    
 University of Bergamo, Italy   
 Italy 
  Antonio Martini New and Emerging Ideas Track Co-Chair    
 University of Oslo, Norway   
 Norway 
  Patrizio Pelliccione Workshops/Tutorials Co-Chair    
 Gran Sasso Science Institute, L'Aquila, Italy   
 Italy 
  Huaming Chen Workshops/Tutorials Co-Chair    
 The University of Sydney   
 Australia 
  Romina Spalazzese Working Sessions Co-Chair    
 Malmö University   
 Sweden 
  Ipek Ozkaya Working Sessions Co-Chair    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Torben Worm Poster Track Co-Chair, Finance Chair    
 University of Southern Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Ilias Gerostathopoulos Poster Track Co-Chair    
 Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam   
 Netherlands 
  Ivano Malavolta Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam   
 Netherlands 
  Adel Noureddine Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 University of Pau and Pays de l'Adour   
 France 
  Fahed Alkhabbas Student Volunteers Co-Chair    
 Malmo University   
 Sweden 
  Aslak Johansen Student Volunteers Co-Chair    
 University of Southern Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Mina Alipour Social Media and Publicity Co-Chair    
 University of Southern Denmark, SDU Software Engineering   
 Denmark 
  Abhishek Tiwari Social Media and Publicity Co-Chair    
 University of Southern Denmark, SDU Software Engineering   
 Denmark 
  Davide Taibi Industry Liason    
 University of Oulu   
 Finland 
  Mythreyi Ragothuman Industry Liason    
 The Walt Disney Company   
 United States 
  Henry Muccini Awards Co-Chair    
 University of L'Aquila, Italy   
 Italy 
  Uwe Zdun Awards Co-Chair    
 University of Vienna   
 Austria 
  Nadeem Abbas Proceedings Co-Chair    
 Linnaeus University   
 Sweden 
  Amleto Di Salle Proceedings Co-Chair    
 Gran Sasso Science Institute (GSSI)   
 Italy 
  Bjarke Steen Petersen Registration Chair    
 University of Southern Denmark, SDU   
 Denmark 
  Leif Bonorden Web Co-Chair    
 Universität Hamburg   
 Germany 
  Dhruv Parthasarathy Web Co-Chair    
 Northeastern University 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

 using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    

 Sign Up

59. ICSA_3 conference:


60. ICSE_0 conference:
Write a Blog >>  ICSE 2023   Sun 14 - Sat 20 May 2023 Melbourne, Australia    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC 
  Keynotes 
  Melbourne 
  Victoria 
  Australia 
  Code of Conduct 
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions 
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions 
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions 
  Session Chair Instructions 
  Venue Floor Map 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Visa Letter of Invitation 
  Social Events 
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023 
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement 
  Travel Support 
  Childcare Support 
  Tracks | ICSE 2023 
  ICSE Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A 
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST 
  CAIN | CAIN 
  CAIN  Dinner 
  CAIN  Papers 
  CAIN  Industrial Talks 
  CAIN  Posters 
  CHASE | CHASE 
  CHASE  Research Track 
  CHASE  Registered Reports 
  CHASE  Vote Items 
  CHASE  J1C2 
  CHASE  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE 
  ICPC | ICPC 
  ICPC  Closing 
  ICPC  Discussion 
  ICPC  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  ICPC  Keynotes 
  ICPC  Journal First 
  ICPC  MIP Talk 
  ICPC  Opening 
  ICPC  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  ICPC  Research 
  ICPC  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | ICSSP 
  ICSSP 
  MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 
  MOBILESoft  Research Track 
  MOBILESoft  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  MOBILESoft  Tools and Datasets 
  MOBILESoft  Leaders Forum 
  MOBILESoft  Awards 
  MSR | MSR 
  MSR  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  MSR  FOSS Award 
  MSR  Industry Track 
  MSR  Junior PC 
  MSR  Keynotes 
  MSR  MIP Award 
  MSR  Awards 
  MSR  Mining Challenge 
  MSR  Registered Reports 
  MSR  Technical Papers 
  MSR  Tutorials 
  MSR  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | TechDebt 
  TechDebt  Technical Papers 
  TechDebt  Short Papers 
  TechDebt  Industry Track 
  TechDebt  Plenary 
  Workshops 
  AIOps 
  APR 
  BotSE 
  DeepTest 
  EnCyCriS 
  FairWare 
  GAS 
  GE@ICSE 
  GI 
  GREENS 
  InnerSoft 
  InteNSE 
  MET 
  NLBSE 
  Q-SE 
  RoSE 
  SBFT 
  SEENG 
  SERP4IoT 
  SESoS 
  SVM 
  WETSEB 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | SEAMS 
  SEAMS  Research Track 
  SEAMS  Artifact Track 
  Organization | ICSE 2023 Committees 
  Organising Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition | ACM Student Research Competition 
  Onsite Judges 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop | Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Mentors 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  CAIN | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Papers 
  Industrial Talks 
  Posters 
  CHASE | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track  Program chairs 
  Research Track  Program Committee 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Chairs 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Program Committee 
  Vote Items 
  J1C2 
  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE | Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ICPC | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  Journal First 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  Research 
  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  MOBILESoft | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  Tools and Datasets 
  Leaders Forum 
  Awards 
  MSR | Organizing Committee 
  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  FOSS Award 
  Industry Track 
  Junior PC 
  MIP Award 
  MSR Awards 
  Mining Challenge 
  Registered Reports 
  Technical Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Technical Papers 
  Short Papers 
  Industry Track 
  Workshops 
  AIOps | N/A - check homepage 
  APR | Organizers 
  BotSE | N/A - check homepage 
  DeepTest | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EnCyCriS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FairWare | N/A - check homepage 
  GAS | N/A - check homepage 
  GE@ICSE | Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GI | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GREENS | N/A - check homepage 
  InnerSoft | InnerSoft Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  InteNSE | Program Committee 
  MET | Program Committee 
  NLBSE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Q-SE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RoSE | Organization Committee 
  SBFT | N/A - check homepage 
  SEENG | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SERP4IoT | Program Committee 
  SESoS | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Social Media & Website Support 
  SVM | Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Web Chair 
  WETSEB | N/A - check homepage 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | MIP Award Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  Artifact Track 
  Sponsorship | Sponsors and Supporters 
  Sponsorships Opportunities 
  Program | ICSE Program 
  Your Program 
  Awards 
   Filter by Day | Sun 14 May 
  Mon 15 May 
  Tue 16 May 
  Wed 17 May 
  Thu 18 May 
  Fri 19 May 
  Sat 20 May 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    ICSE 2025 
  ICSE 2024 
  ICSE 2023 
  ICSE 2022 
  ICSE 2021 
  ICSE 2020 
  ICSE 2019 
  * ICSE 2018 * 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 Welcome to ICSE2023 in Melbourne  
 A city which is active all the day  

 Melbourne CBD  
 Now you have the chance to explore the beautiful city of Melbourne  

 Convention Centre  
 Melbourne’s destination for big ideas and inspirational events  

 Koala  
 Baby koalas are too cute (this is indeed, a fact)  

 Great Ocean Road Beach  
 A lovely walk on the soft sand  

 Kangroo on the beach  
 Kangaroos are indigenous to Australia.. Must see them!  

 Ariel view of convention centre  
 A beautiful view of the city  

 12 apostles on Great Ocean Road  
 Must plan for a Great Ocean Road trip  

 Exterior of Melbourne Convention Centre  
 Largest convention and exhibition venue in Australia  

 Flinders Street Station  
 The first railway station built in any Australian city  

 Great Ocean Road  
 Enjoy a 243 kilometres long drive!  

 View of the Convention Centre  
 Lovely colourful sky of Melbourne  

 ICSE 2023  
   
 Welcome to the website of the ICSE 2023 conference!  
  
  ICSE, the IEEE/ACM International Conference on Software Engineering, is the premier software engineering conference. Since 1975, ICSE provides a forum where researchers, practitioners, and educators gather together to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, experiences and issues in the field of software engineering.  
  
  We hope that you enjoyed your visit to Melbourne, Victoria and Australia and enjoyed your ICSE2023 experience!!  

 ICSE2023 YouTube Playlist  
  
   ICSE 2023 DAY 1 Photos  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 ICSE 2023 DAY 2 Photos  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 ICSE 2023 DAY 3 Photos  

  Our great thanks to all presenters and attendees, organising committee members of ICSE, its co-located events and workshops, authors of papers, the huge number of referees who gave their time to give feedback on their colleagues' work, and the wonderful MCEC venue team.  
   
  Many thanks to our sponsors and professional societies for all of their support enabling us to deliver a great conference experience.  
   
  We hope to see you @ ICSE 2024  in beautiful Lisbon, Portugal!  

  Key dates: Pre-conference workshops and co-located events - Sun 14 May - Tue 16 May 
  Main conference tracks - Wed 17 May - Fri 19 May 
  Post-conference workshops and in-person CAIN - Sat 20 May 

 ICSE 2023 - Melbourne, Australia  from ICMSAustralasia  on Vimeo  .  

 Latest News  
   
 Fri 12 May 2023 by John Grundy | We look forward to seeing everyone next week @ ICSE 2023!!! | Safe travels to those coming to Melbourne! | For those presenting virtually - we look forward to ‘seeing’ you! 
  Mon 13 Mar 2023 by Sebastian Hahner | SEAMS: Accepted Papers | The lists of all accepted papers of the 18th Symposium on Software Engineering for Adaptive and Self-Managing Systems (SEAMS) are now available. | Accepted papers | of the research track 
  Accepted papers | of the artifact track 
    
 All News Articles     

  ICSE 2023 Tracks   
   
 ICSE Keynote  | Social Events  | Technical Track  | FoSE - Future of Software Engineering  | ROSE festival (Rewarding Open Science Replication and Reproduction in SE)  | Journal-First Papers  | SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  | SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  | SEIS - Software Engineering in Society  | NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  | Industry Forum  | DEMO - Demonstrations  | SRC - ACM Student Research Competition  | Artifact Evaluation  | Posters  | Workshops  | DS - Doctoral Symposium  | New Faculty Symposium  | SCORE 2023  | Showcase  | SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop  | Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10  | Student Volunteers  | Technical Briefings  | Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A  | ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies   
  Show all tracks    

  Featured News    

 We look forward to seeing everyone next week @ ICSE 2023!!! Fri 12 May 2023 
 SEAMS: Accepted Papers Mon 13 Mar 2023 
 Preliminary programme available Thu 9 Feb 2023 
 Artifact Track: Call for Artifacts Wed 20 Jul 2022 
 Research Track: Call for Papers Tue 12 Jul 2022 

   Posts   
   
 ICSE 2023    
 Supporters   

 Sponsor 
 Sponsor 
 Sponsor 
 Sponsor 
 Supporter 
 Supporter 
 Platinum 
 Platinum 
 Gold 
 Gold 
 Silver 
 Silver 
 Bronze 
 Bronze 
 Bronze 
 Bronze 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

  ICSE 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 ICSE Keynotes   
  Social Events   
  Technical Track   
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
  ROSE festival   
  Journal-First Papers   
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
  Industry Forum   
  DEMO - Demonstrations   
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
  Artifact Evaluation   
  Posters   
  Workshops   
  DS - Doctoral Symposium   
  New Faculty Symposium   
  SCORE 2023   
  Showcase   
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop   
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10   
  Student Volunteers   
  Technical Briefings   
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A   
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 AST 2023   
  CAIN 2023   
  CHASE 2023   
  FormaliSE 2023   
  ICPC 2023   
  ICSSP 2023   
  MOBILESoft 2023   
  MSR 2023   
  TechDebt 2023   
  Workshops  
 AIOps 2023   
  APR 2023   
  BotSE 2023   
  DeepTest 2023   
  EnCyCriS 2023   
  FairWare 2023   
  GAS 2023   
  GE@ICSE 2023   
  GI 2023   
  GREENS 2023   
  InnerSoft 2023   
  InteNSE 2023   
  MET 2023   
  NLBSE 2023   
  Q-SE 2023   
  RoSE 2023   
  SBFT 2023   
  SEENG 2023   
  SERP4IoT 2023   
  SESoS 2023   
  SVM 2023   
  WETSEB 2023   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 SEAMS 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC   
  Keynotes   
  Melbourne   
  Victoria   
  Australia   
  Code of Conduct   
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions   
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions   
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions   
  Session Chair Instructions   
  Venue Floor Map   
  Accommodation   
  Registration   
  Visa Letter of Invitation   
  Social Events   
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023   
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement   
  Travel Support   
  Childcare Support

61. ICSEA_0 conference:
HOME    
   
  Call for Papers    
   
  Committees    
   
  Participation  Submit a Paper  Camera Ready  Registration    
   
 Venue  Touristic Info  Hotel and Travel    
   
 Program  Tutorials  Event Program    
   
 Post Conference  Statistics  Awards  Photos    
   
 Contact    

 The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
 ICSEA 2023  
 November 13, 2023 to November 17, 2023 - Valencia, Spain  

 Submit a Contribution    
   
  Registration    
   
  Camera Ready    

 Deadlines   
  
 Submission | Sep 07, 2023 
 Notification | Sep 28, 2023 
 Registration | Oct 10, 2023 
 Camera ready | Oct 13, 2023 

 Deadlines  differ for special tracks. Please consult the conference home page for special tracks Call for Papers (if any).  

 Past Events    
   
  Sponsors    

 Publication   
  
 Published by IARIA Press (operated by Xpert Publishing Services  ) |  
 Archived in the Open Access IARIA ThinkMind Digital Library |  
 Prints available at Curran Associates, Inc. 
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions to a IARIA Journal 
 Indexing Procedure 

 Affiliated Journals   

 Menu  HOME  Call for Papers  Committees  Touristic Info  Hotel and Travel  Event Program  Tutorials  Registration  Camera Ready  Submit a Paper  iaria.org  Contact    
   
 ICSEA 2023 - The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
 November 13, 2023 - November 17, 2023  
   
 ICSEA 2023   
 Onsite and Online Options: In order to accommodate a large number of situations, we are offering the option for either physical presence or virtual participation (pdf slides or pre-recorded videos).   
 ISSN:  2308-4235  
  ISBN:  978-1-68558-098-8  
 Registered: with the Library of Congress of the United States of America (ISSN) 
  Free Access: in | ThinkMind Digital Library 
  ICSEA 2023 is colocated with the following events as part of SoftNet 2023 Congress  :   
 ICSEA 2023 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2023 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2023 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2023 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2023 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2023 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2023 | , The Twelfth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2023 | , The Eighth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  ICSEA 2023 Steering Committee   
  
 Herwig Manaert   
  University of Antwerp  
  Belgium | Radek Koci   
  Brno University of Technology  
  Czech Republic 
 Sébastien Salva   
  University of Clermont Auvergne | LIMOS Laboratory | CNRS  
  France | José Carlos Metrôlho   
  Polytechnic Institute of Castelo Branco  
  Portugal 
 Luigi Lavazza   
  Università dell'Insubria - Varese  
  Italy | Hironori Washizaki   
  Waseda University / National Institute of Informatics / SYSTEM INFORMATION  
  Japan 
 Roy Oberhauser   
  Aalen University  
  Germany |  

 ICSEA 2023 conference tracks:   
 Trends and achievements   
 Advanced agile software development; Machine learning-oriented software; Fast data-pressing algorithms; Special software for Industry 4.0 applications; Advances on software product line engineering; Software for Cyber-physical systems; Internet-of-Things (IoT)-oriented software; Software for high speed sensing data; Special software for smart cities and urban computation; Deep-software for data analytics; Software for pervasive systems; Software for (self)-configurable systems; Search-based software; Green-oriented software engineering; Symbolic analysis; Software for automated energy optimization; Mobile applications-oriented software; Interactive Big data processing; Crowd-Sourcing Programming; Open source challenges; Emphasizing non-functional requirements; Cognitive software; Accessibility requirements  
 Advances in fundamentals for software development   
 Fundamentals in software development; Software architecture, patterns, frameworks; Software analysis and model checking; Software architectural scalability; Requirements engineering and design; Software design (methodologies, patterns, experiences, views, design by contract, design by responsibilities, etc.); Software modeling (OO, non-OO, MDA, SOA, patterns, UML, etc.); Software process and workflow; Software validation and verification; Software testing and testing tools; Software implementation; Software project management (risk analysis, dependencies, etc.); Component-based software development; Service-oriented software development; Software security-based development; Aspect-oriented software development  
 Advanced mechanisms for software development   
 Software composition; Process composition and refactoring; Co-design and codeplay; Software dependencies; Plug&play software; Adaptive software; Context-sensitive software; Policy-driven software design; Software rejuvenation; Feature interaction detection and resolution; Embedded software; Parallel and distributed software  
 Advanced design tools for developing software   
 Formal specifications in software; Programming mechanisms (real-time, multi-threads, etc.); Programming techniques (feature-oriented, aspects-oriented, generative programming, agents-oriented, contextual-oriented, incremental, stratified, etc.); Requirement specification languages; Programming languages; Automation of software design and implementation; Software design with highly distributed resources (GRID); Web service based software; Scenario-based model synthesis; Merging partial behavioral models; Partial goal/requirement satisfaction  
 Software engineering for service computing (SOA and Cloud)   
 Requirements engineering methods and techniques for service computing; Design methods and techniques for service computing; Service-oriented architecture methods and techniques; Service computing technologies; Service level reuse paradigm; Cloud computing development methods; SaaS development methods and techniques; Service computing paradigm; QoS models for service computing; Testing methods for service computing; Approaches to service process improvement; Approaches to Big Data Software Engineering; Approaches to Software Engineering Analytics; Approaches to IoT Software Engineering  
 Advanced facilities for accessing software   
 Information modeling; GUI related software; Computer-aided software design; Hierarchical APIs; APIs roles in software development; Ontology support for Web Services; Rapid prototyping tools; Embedded software quality; Thread modeling; Flexible Objects; Use cases; Visual Modeling  
 Software performance   
 Software performance modeling; Software performance engineering (UML diagrams, Process algebra, Petri nets, etc.); Software performance requirements; Performance forecast for specific applications; Performance testing; Web-service based software performance; Performance of rule-based software; Methods for performance improvements; Software performance experience reports; Program failures experiences; Error ranking via correlation; Empirical evaluation of defects  
 Software security, privacy, safeness   
 Security requirements, design, and engineering; Software safety and security; Security, privacy and safeness in software; Software vulnerabilities; Assessing risks in software; Software for online banking and transactions; Software trace analysis; Software uncertainties; Dynamic detection of likely invariants; Human trust in interactive software; Memory safety; Safety software reuse; High confidence software; Trusted computing; Next generation secure computing  
 Advances in software testing   
 Formal approaches for test specifications; Advanced testing methodologies; Static and dynamic analysis; Strategies for testing nondeterministic systems; Testing software releases; Generating tests suites; Evolutionary testing of embedded systems; Algorithmic testing; Exhaustive testing; Black-box testing; Testing at the design level; Testing reactive software; Empirical evaluation  
 Specialized software advanced applications   
 Database related software; Software for disaster recovery applications; Software for mobile vehicles; Biomedical-related software; Biometrics related software; Mission critical software; Real-time software; E-health related software; Military software; Crisis-situation software; Software for Bluetooth and mobile phones; Multimedia software applications  
 Web Accessibility   
 Design approaches, techniques, and tools to support Web accessibility; Best practices for evaluation, testing reviews and repair techniques; Accessibility across the entire system lifecycle; Accessibility within e-organizations: good practices and experiences; Industry and research collaboration, learning from practice, and technology transfer; Mobile Internet-Web Accessibility; Developing user interfaces for different devices; Dealing with different interaction modalities; Web authoring guidelines and tools; Accessibility and other core areas related to the Web user experience; (UX): Usability, Findability, Valuability, Credibility, etc.; Innovations in assistive technologies for the Web; Accessible graphic formats and tools for their creation; Adaptive Web accessibility; Accessibility and information architecture; Universally accessible graphical design approaches; User Profiling; Cognitive and behavioral psychology of end user experiences and scenarios  
 Open source software   
 Open source software (OSS) methodologies; OSS development and debugging; Security in OSS; Performance of OSS; OSS roles and responsibilities; OSS incremental development; Division of labor and coordination mechanisms; Distribution of decision-making; Operational boundaries; Experience reports and lessons learned; Versioning management; Towards generalizing the OSS methodologies and practices; Open source licensing; Industrial movement towards open source  
 Agile and Lean approaches in software engineering   
 Agile software methodologies and practices (extreme programming, scrum, feature-driven, etc.); Agile modeling (serial in the large, iterative in the small); Agile model driven design; Agile methodologies for embedded software; Software metrics for agile projects; Lifecycle for agile software development; Agile user experience design; Agility via program automation; Testing into an agile environment; Agile project planning; Agile unified process  
 Software deployment and maintenance   
 Software in small and large organizations; Deploying and maintaining open source software; Software maintenance; Software assurance; Patching; Run-time vulnerability checking; Software rejuvenation; Software updates; Partial or temporary feature deprecation; Multi-point software deployment and configuration; On-line software updates  
 Software  engineering techniques  , metrics, and  formalisms   
 Software reuse; Software quality metrics (complexity, empiric metrics, etc.); Software re-engineering (reverse engineering); Software composition; Software integration; Consistency checking; Real-time software development; Temporal specification; Model checking; Theorem provers; Modular reasoning; Petri Nets; Formalisms for behavior specification; Advanced techniques for autonomic components and systems  
 Business technology   
 Enterprise Content Managements (ECMs); Business Intelligence (BI); Enterprise Portals; Business Process Management (BPM); Corporate Performance Management (CPM); Enterprise Data Warehouse; Web Publishing; Cloud Computing; Virtualisation; Data Mining; Workflows; Business Rules Management (BRM); Data Capturing  
 Software economics, adoption, and education   
 Patenting software; Software licensing; Software economics; Software engineering education; Academic and industrial views on software adoption and education; Good-to-great in software adoption and improvement; Software knowledge management  
 Improving  productivity in  research on software engineering   
 Developing frameworks to support research; Methods and tools to improving the research environment; Supporting domain specific research needs; Teaching research skills in Computer Science; Experience reports on well developed research processes; Experience reports on empirical approaches to software engineering research; Approaches to supporting higher degree students in their research; Approaches to enlarge the research / teaching nexus to improve academics productivity; Approaches to integration between university research and industry research; Tools to support the research process; Software process improvement framework (CMMI, etc.); Quality improvement framework; Process simulation and measurement; Test improvement framework  
  Deadlines:   

 Submission | Sep 07, 2023 
 Notification | Sep 28, 2023 
 Registration | Oct 10, 2023 
 Camera ready | Oct 13, 2023 

 Deadlines  differ for special tracks. Please consult the conference home page for special tracks Call for Papers (if any).  
   
 Technical Co-Sponsors and Logistic Supporters   

 Copyright (c) 2006-2024, IARIA

62. ICSEA_1 conference:
Contact    

 ICSEA  
 International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
 ISSN: 2308-4235  

 Publication   
  
 Published by IARIA Press (operated by Xpert Publishing Services  ) |  
 Archived in the Open Access IARIA ThinkMind Digital Library |  
 Prints available at Curran Associates, Inc. 
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions to a IARIA Journal 
 Indexing Procedure 

 Affiliated Journals   

 Menu  iaria.org  Contact    
   
 ICSEA - International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
 ISSN: 2308-4235  
   
 Registered: with the Library of Congress of the United States of America (ISSN) 
  Free Access: in | ThinkMind Digital Library 
  ICSEA 2025  , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-296-8  
  ICSEA 2024  , The Nineteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  September 29, 2024 to October 03, 2024 - Venice, Italy  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-194-7  
  ICSEA 2023  , The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  November 13, 2023 to November 17, 2023 - Valencia, Spain  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-098-8  
  ICSEA 2022  , The Seventeenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  October 16, 2022 to October 20, 2022 - Lisbon, Portugal  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-997-3  
  ICSEA 2021  , The Sixteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  October 03, 2021 to October 07, 2021 - Barcelona, Spain  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-894-5  
  ICSEA 2020  , The Fifteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  October 18, 2020 to October 22, 2020 - Porto, Portugal  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-827-3  
  ICSEA 2019  , The Fourteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  November 24, 2019 to November 28, 2019 - Valencia, Spain  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-752-8  
  ICSEA 2018  , The Thirteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  October 14, 2018 to October 18, 2018 - Nice, France  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-668-2  
  ICSEA 2017  , The Twelfth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   October 8 - 12, 2017- Athens, Greece  
  ICSEA 2016  , The Eleventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   August 21 - 25, 2016 - Rome, Italy  
  ICSEA 2015  , The Tenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   November 16 - 21, 2015 - Barcelona, Spain  
  ICSEA 2014  , The Ninth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   October 12 - 16, 2014 - Nice, France  
  ICSEA 2013  , The Eighth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   October 27 - November 1, 2013 - Venice, Italy  
  ICSEA 2012  , The Seventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   November 18-23, 2012 - Lisbon, Portugal  
  ICSEA 2011  , The Sixth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   October 23-28, 2011 - Barcelona, Spain  
  ICSEA 2010  , The Fifth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   August 22-27, 2010 - Nice, France  
  ICSEA 2009  , The Fourth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   September 20-25, 2009 - Porto, Portugal  
  ICSEA 2008  , The Third International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
   October 26-31, 2008 - Sliema, Malta  
  ICSEA 2007  , The Second International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  August 25 - 31, 2007 - Cap Esterel, French Riviera, France  
  ICSEA 2006  , International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  October 29 - November 3, 2006, Tahiti, French Polynesia  

 Copyright (c) 2006-2024, IARIA

63. ICSE_1 conference:
Write a Blog >>  ICSE 2023   Sun 14 - Sat 20 May 2023 Melbourne, Australia    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC 
  Keynotes 
  Melbourne 
  Victoria 
  Australia 
  Code of Conduct 
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions 
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions 
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions 
  Session Chair Instructions 
  Venue Floor Map 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Visa Letter of Invitation 
  Social Events 
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023 
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement 
  Travel Support 
  Childcare Support 
  Tracks | ICSE 2023 
  ICSE Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A 
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST 
  CAIN | CAIN 
  CAIN  Dinner 
  CAIN  Papers 
  CAIN  Industrial Talks 
  CAIN  Posters 
  CHASE | CHASE 
  CHASE  Research Track 
  CHASE  Registered Reports 
  CHASE  Vote Items 
  CHASE  J1C2 
  CHASE  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE 
  ICPC | ICPC 
  ICPC  Closing 
  ICPC  Discussion 
  ICPC  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  ICPC  Keynotes 
  ICPC  Journal First 
  ICPC  MIP Talk 
  ICPC  Opening 
  ICPC  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  ICPC  Research 
  ICPC  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | ICSSP 
  ICSSP 
  MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 
  MOBILESoft  Research Track 
  MOBILESoft  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  MOBILESoft  Tools and Datasets 
  MOBILESoft  Leaders Forum 
  MOBILESoft  Awards 
  MSR | MSR 
  MSR  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  MSR  FOSS Award 
  MSR  Industry Track 
  MSR  Junior PC 
  MSR  Keynotes 
  MSR  MIP Award 
  MSR  Awards 
  MSR  Mining Challenge 
  MSR  Registered Reports 
  MSR  Technical Papers 
  MSR  Tutorials 
  MSR  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | TechDebt 
  TechDebt  Technical Papers 
  TechDebt  Short Papers 
  TechDebt  Industry Track 
  TechDebt  Plenary 
  Workshops 
  AIOps 
  APR 
  BotSE 
  DeepTest 
  EnCyCriS 
  FairWare 
  GAS 
  GE@ICSE 
  GI 
  GREENS 
  InnerSoft 
  InteNSE 
  MET 
  NLBSE 
  Q-SE 
  RoSE 
  SBFT 
  SEENG 
  SERP4IoT 
  SESoS 
  SVM 
  WETSEB 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | SEAMS 
  SEAMS  Research Track 
  SEAMS  Artifact Track 
  Organization | ICSE 2023 Committees 
  Organising Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition | ACM Student Research Competition 
  Onsite Judges 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop | Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Mentors 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  CAIN | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Papers 
  Industrial Talks 
  Posters 
  CHASE | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track  Program chairs 
  Research Track  Program Committee 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Chairs 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Program Committee 
  Vote Items 
  J1C2 
  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE | Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ICPC | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  Journal First 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  Research 
  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  MOBILESoft | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  Tools and Datasets 
  Leaders Forum 
  Awards 
  MSR | Organizing Committee 
  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  FOSS Award 
  Industry Track 
  Junior PC 
  MIP Award 
  MSR Awards 
  Mining Challenge 
  Registered Reports 
  Technical Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Technical Papers 
  Short Papers 
  Industry Track 
  Workshops 
  AIOps | N/A - check homepage 
  APR | Organizers 
  BotSE | N/A - check homepage 
  DeepTest | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EnCyCriS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FairWare | N/A - check homepage 
  GAS | N/A - check homepage 
  GE@ICSE | Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GI | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GREENS | N/A - check homepage 
  InnerSoft | InnerSoft Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  InteNSE | Program Committee 
  MET | Program Committee 
  NLBSE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Q-SE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RoSE | Organization Committee 
  SBFT | N/A - check homepage 
  SEENG | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SERP4IoT | Program Committee 
  SESoS | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Social Media & Website Support 
  SVM | Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Web Chair 
  WETSEB | N/A - check homepage 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | MIP Award Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  Artifact Track 
  Sponsorship | Sponsors and Supporters 
  Sponsorships Opportunities 
  Program | ICSE Program 
  Your Program 
  Awards 
   Filter by Day | Sun 14 May 
  Mon 15 May 
  Tue 16 May 
  Wed 17 May 
  Thu 18 May 
  Fri 19 May 
  Sat 20 May 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    ICSE 2025 
  ICSE 2024 
  ICSE 2023 
  ICSE 2022 
  ICSE 2021 
  ICSE 2020 
  ICSE 2019 
  * ICSE 2018 * 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2023  ( series  ) /  Technical Track ICSE 2023   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  ICSE 2023 open science policy 
  Q/A 
  . 
   Call for Papers  
 ICSE is the premier forum for presenting and discussing the most recent and significant technical research contributions in the field of Software Engineering. In the technical track, we invite high quality submissions of technical research papers describing original and unpublished results of software engineering research.  
 Please note the following important changes for 2023:  
 As previous ICSE editions, we apply an | open science policy. | This year, we will ask a reviewer to perform a lightweight check on the shared artifacts (see below). 
  There will be a second response period for a subset of the submitted papers. Please check our calendar of important dates. 
  Also, we will continue the initiative started in 2022, giving emphasis to the significance of the research contributions  (see review criteria).  
  Research of Interest   
 ICSE welcomes submissions addressing topics across the full spectrum of Software Engineering, being inclusive of quantitative, qualitative, and mixed-methods research.  
 Topics of interest include:  
 ● API design and evolution  
 ● Apps and app store analysis  
 ● Autonomic systems and self adaptation  
 ● Configuration management  
 ● Crowd-based software engineering  
 ● Debugging and fault localization  
 ● Design for quality, incl. privacy and security by design  
 ● Distributed and collaborative software engineering  
 ● Diversity, inclusion, fairness of software  
 ● Embedded and cyber-physical systems  
 ● Ethics in software engineering  
 ● Evolution and maintenance  
 ● Feedback, user, and requirements management  
 ● Formal methods  
 ● Green and sustainable technologies  
 ● Human aspects of software engineering  
 ● Human-computer interaction  
 ● Legal aspects of software engineering  
 ● Machine learning with and for SE  
 ● Mining software repositories  
 ● Model checking  
 ● Modeling and model-driven engineering  
 ● Parallel and distributed systems  
 ● Performance analysis and testing  
 ● Privacy and security  
 ● Program analysis  
 ● Program comprehension  
 ● Program repair  
 ● Program synthesis  
 ● Programming languages  
 ● Recommender systems  
 ● Refactoring  
 ● Release engineering and DevOps  
 ● Reliability and safety  
 ● Requirements engineering  
 ● Reverse engineering  
 ● SE for machine learning  
 ● Search-based software engineering  
 ● Software architecture and product design  
 ● Software economics  
 ● Software ecosystems  
 ● Software metrics and prediction models  
 ● Software processes  
 ● Software reuse  
 ● Software services and cloud-based systems  
 ● Software testing  
 ● Software traceability  
 ● Software visualization  
 ● Variability and product lines  
  Review Criteria   
 Each paper submitted to the Technical Track will be evaluated based on the following criteria:  
 ● Soundness  : The extent to which the paper’s contributions and/or innovations address its research questions and are supported by rigorous application of appropriate research methods.  
 ● Significance  : The extent to which the paper’s contributions can impact the field of software engineering, and under which assumptions (if any).  
 ● Novelty  : The extent to which the contributions are sufficiently original with respect to the state-of-the-art.  
 ● Verifiability and Transparency  : The extent to which the paper includes sufficient information to understand how an innovation works; to understand how data was obtained, analyzed, and interpreted; and how the paper supports independent verification or replication of the paper’s claimed contributions. New this year: the artifacts attached to the paper (or hyperlinked to it) will be checked by at least one reviewer.   
 ● Presentation  : The extent to which the paper’s quality of writing meets the high standards of ICSE, including clear descriptions, as well as adequate use of the English language, absence of major ambiguity clearly readable figures and tables, and adherence to the formatting instructions provided below.  
 Reviewers will carefully consider all of these criteria during the review process, and authors should take great care in clearly addressing them all. The paper should clearly explain the claimed contributions, and how they are sound, significant, novel, and verifiable, as described above.  
 Each paper will be handled by an area chair. The role of the area chairs is to ensure a reviewing consistency among papers submitted within the same area of research. For this reason, we will ask the authors, upon submission, to identify up to two main areas to which the paper belongs among the following ones:  
 ● Artificial Intelligence and Software Engineering  
 ● Analysis and Testing  
 ● Dependability  
 ● Requirements, modeling, and design  
 ● Social Aspects  
 ● Software Evolution  
 ● Software Analytics  
 Program chairs will ultimately assign a paper to an area chair, considering the authors’ selection, the paper’s content, and (if applicable) keeping into account possible conflicts of interest.  
  
 For more information on how the ICSE PC will interpret and use these criteria in the paper evaluation process, see the ICSE 2023 Review Process and Guidelines  .  
  
  How to Submit   
 Submissions must conform to the IEEE conference proceedings template specified in the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines  (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran} without including the compsoc or compsocconf options).  
 ● All submissions must not exceed 10 pages for the main text, inclusive of all figures, tables, appendices, etc. Two more pages containing only references are permitted. All submissions must be in PDF. Accepted papers will be allowed one extra page for the main text of the camera-ready version.  
 ● Submissions must strictly conform to the IEEE conference proceedings formatting instructions specified above  . Alterations of spacing, font size, and other changes that deviate from the instructions may result in desk rejection without further review.  
 ● By submitting to the ICSE Technical Track, authors acknowledge that they are aware of and agree to be bound by the ACM Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism  and the IEEE Plagiarism FAQ.  In particular, papers submitted to ICSE 2023 must not have been published elsewhere and must not be under review or submitted for review elsewhere whilst under consideration for ICSE 2023.  Contravention of this concurrent submission policy will be deemed a serious breach of scientific ethics, and appropriate action will be taken in all such cases. To check for double submission and plagiarism issues the chairs reserve the right to (1) share the list of submissions with the PC Chairs of other conferences with overlapping review periods and (2) use external plagiarism detection software, under contract to the ACM or IEEE to detect violations of these policies.  
 ● If the research involves human participants/subjects, the authors must adhere to the ACM Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Upon submitting, authors will declare their compliance to such a policy.  
 ● The ICSE 2023 Technical Track will employ a double-anonymous review process  . Thus, no submission may reveal its authors’ identities. The authors must make every effort to honor the double-anonymous review process. In particular:  
 ○ Authors’ names  must be omitted from the submission.  
 ○ All references  to the author’s prior work should be in the third person.  
 ○ While authors have the right to upload preprints on ArXiV or similar sites, they should avoid specifying that the manuscript was submitted to ICSE 2023.  
 ○ During review, authors should not publicly use the submission title  .  
 ● Further advice, guidance, and explanation about the double-anonymous review process can be found in the Q&A page.  
 ● By submitting to the ICSE Technical Track, authors acknowledge that they conform to the authorship policy of the ACM  , and the authorship policy of the IEEE  .  
 Submissions to the Technical Track that meet the above requirements can be made via the Technical Track submission site ( https://icse2023.hotcrp.com  ) by the submission deadline. Any submission that does not comply with these requirements may be desk rejected without further review.   
 We encourage the authors to upload their paper info early (and can submit the PDF later) to properly enter conflicts for double-anonymous reviewing. Authors are encouraged to try out the experimental SIGSOFT Submission Checker  to detect violations to the formatting and double anonymous guidelines. (Mind that the tool is based on heuristics. Therefore it may miss violations, and it can raise false alarms. The requirements listed in this call for papers take precedence over the results of the tool when deciding whether a paper meets the submission guidelines.)  
  Open Science Policy   
 The research track of ICSE 2023 is governed by the ICSE 2023 Open Science policies. In summary, the steering principle is that all research results should be accessible to the public and, if possible, empirical studies should be reproducible. In particular, we actively support the adoption of open data and open source principles and encourage all contributing authors to disclose (anonymized and curated) data to increase reproducibility and replicability. Note that sharing research data is not mandatory for submission or acceptance. However, sharing is expected to be the default and non-sharing needs to be justified. We recognize that reproducibility or replicability is not a goal in qualitative research and that, similar to industrial studies, qualitative studies often face challenges in sharing research data. For guidelines on how to report qualitative research to ensure the assessment of the reliability and credibility of research results, see the Q&A page  .  
 Upon submission to the research track, authors are asked  
 ● to make their data available to the program committee (via upload of supplemental material or a link to an anonymous repository) – and provide instructions on how to access this data in the paper, possibly in a section named "Data Availability" after the Conclusions; or   
 ● to include in the paper an explanation as to why this is not possible or desirable; and   
 ● to indicate if they intend to make their data publicly available upon acceptance.  
 NEW!  This year, at least one reviewer will check whether the enclosed package contains what is declared in the paper. This quality check process will be very lightweight, and the main aim is to ensure that authors do not submit (partially) empty packages.  
 Supplementary material can be uploaded via the HotCrp site or anonymously linked from the paper submission. Also, the authors must briefly describe, in the submission form, the content of the supplementary material with a short paragraph/bullet list. We strongly encourage authors to use supplementary material to provide access to anonymized data, whenever possible. Authors are asked to carefully review any supplementary material to ensure it conforms to the double-anonymous policy (described above). For example code and data repositories may be exported to remove version control history, scrubbed of names in comments and metadata, and anonymously uploaded to a sharing site to support review. One resource that may be helpful in accomplishing this task is this blog post  .  
 Upon acceptance, authors have the possibility to separately submit their supplementary material to the ICSE 2023 Artifact Evaluation track, for recognition of artifacts that are reusable, available, replicated or reproduced.  
  Mentoring for Prospective Authors   
 We are organizing an “Ask me Anything” (AMA) Session on Best practices for a successful ICSE paper in June 2022 for prospective authors to learn from the 2022 ICSE PC co-chairs, Andreas Zeller and Daniela Damian.  
 Details about this event will be announced a couple of months before the event will happen.  
  Author Response Periods   
 ICSE 2023 will offer response periods for authors. In such periods, the authors will have the opportunity to inspect the reviews, and to answer specific questions raised by the program committee.  
 ICSE 2023 will foresee two response periods. The first one is scheduled after all reviews have been completed, and serves to inform the subsequent decision making process. Authors will be able to see the full reviews including the reviewer scores as part of the author response process. The second one follows a period of review discussion, and will involve only some papers, for which additional reviews were needed, or where, during the discussion, further questions for the authors emerged.  
 Note that:  
 ● Participating in the response period is optional for the authors, i.e., omitting a rebuttal does not necessarily prejudice the paper’s outcome.  
 ● Not being invited to participate in the second response period does not mean the paper has been rejected (nor accepted), but just that reviewers felt that a second response period was unnecessary.  
  Withdrawing a Paper   
 Authors can withdraw their paper at any moment until the final decision has been made, through the paper submission system. Resubmitting the paper to another venue before the final decision has been made without withdrawing from ICSE 2023 first is considered a violation of the concurrent submission policy, and will lead to automatic rejection from ICSE 2023 as well as any other venue adhering to this policy.  
  Important Dates   
 ● Technical Track Submissions Deadline: September 1, 2022  
 ● Technical Track Author First Response Period (all papers): November 14–19, 2022  
 ● Technical Track Author Second Response Period (some papers): November 29–30, 2022  
 ● Technical Track Acceptance Notification: December 9, 2022  
 ● Technical Track Camera Ready: TBA  
  Conference Attendance Expectation   
 If a submission is accepted, at least one author of the paper is required to register for ICSE 2023 and present the paper. [We will add more info on this as soon as the ICSE 2023 format is finalized.]   
   
 Dates    

 Tracks    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+10:00) Hobart  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+10:00) Hobart    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-06:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-04:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+09:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+10:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+10:30) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+12:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+12:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Wed 17 May   
  
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      

 10:30 - 11:00 | Demo Session 1 DEMO - Demonstrations   at Level 1 Exhibtion Space 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Cerberus: a Program Repair Framework   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Ridwan Salihin Shariffdeen  National University of Singapore  , Martin Mirchev  National University of Singapore  , Yannic Noller  National University of Singapore  , Abhik Roychoudhury  National University of Singapore 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Demo Session 1 DEMO - Demonstrations   at Level 1 Exhibtion Space 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | InputGen: A Tool for Automatic Generation of Prototype Inputs to Support Rapid Requirements Validation   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Shuanglong Chang  Northeast Petroleum University  , Juntao Gao  Northeast Petroleum University  , Yilong Yang  Beihang University 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Demo Session 1 DEMO - Demonstrations   at Level 1 Exhibtion Space 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | FlaPy: Mining Flaky Python Tests at Scale   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Martin Gruber  BMW Group, University of Passau  , Gordon Fraser  University of Passau    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | AI models for SE Journal-First Papers  / Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Denys Poshyvanyk  College of William and Mary 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | One Adapter for All Programming Languages? Adapter Tuning for Multilingual Tasks in Software Engineering   Technical Track   
 Deze Wang  National University of Defense Technology  , Boxing Chen   , Shanshan Li  National University of Defense Technology  , Wei Luo   , Shaoliang Peng  Hunan University  , Wei Dong  School of Computer, National University of Defense Technology, China  , Liao Xiangke  National University of Defense Technology 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | CCRep: Learning Code Change Representations via Pre-Trained Code Model and Query Back   Technical Track   
 Zhongxin Liu  Zhejiang University  , Zhijie Tang  Zhejiang University  , Xin Xia  Huawei  , Xiaohu Yang  Zhejiang University    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Keeping Pace with Ever-Increasing Data: Towards Continual Learning of Code Intelligence Models   Technical Track   
 Shuzheng Gao  Harbin institute of technology  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Cuiyun Gao  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Chaozheng Wang  Harbin Institute of Technology 
 11:45   
 7m    
 Talk | PCR-Chain: Partial Code Reuse Assisted by Hierarchical Chaining of Prompts on Frozen Copilot   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Qing Huang  School of Computer Information Engineering, Jiangxi Normal University  , Jiahui Zhu  School of Computer Information Engineering, Jiangxi Normal University  , Zhilong Li  School of Computer Information Engineering, Jiangxi Normal University  , Zhenchang Xing   , Changjing Wang  School of Computer Information Engineering, Jiangxi Normal University  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61 
 11:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Towards Learning Generalizable Code Embeddings using Task-agnostic Graph Convolutional Networks   Journal-First Papers   
 Zishuo Ding  Concordia University  , Heng Li  Polytechnique Montréal  , Weiyi Shang  University of Waterloo  , Tse-Hsun (Peter) Chen  Concordia University 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | deGraphCS: Embedding Variable-based Flow Graph for Neural Code Search   Journal-First Papers   
 Chen Zeng  National University of Defense Technology  , Yue Yu  College of Computer, National University of Defense Technology, Changsha 410073, China  , Shanshan Li  National University of Defense Technology  , Xin Xia  Huawei  , Wang Zhiming  National University of Defense Technology  , Mingyang Geng  National University of Defense Technology  , Linxiao Bai  National University of Defense Technology  , Wei Dong  School of Computer, National University of Defense Technology, China  , Liao Xiangke  National University of Defense Technology 
 12:07   
 7m    
 Talk | CodeS: Towards Code Model Generalization Under Distribution Shift   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Qiang Hu  University of Luxembourg  , Yuejun GUo  University of Luxembourg  , Xiaofei Xie  Singapore Management University  , Maxime Cordy  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Lei Ma  University of Alberta  , Mike Papadakis  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Yves Le Traon  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Towards using Few-Shot Prompt Learning for Automating Model Completion   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Meriem Ben Chaaben  Université de Montréal, DIRO  , Lola Burgueño  University of Malaga  , Houari Sahraoui  Université de Montréal 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Fuzzing: applications Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Corina S. Păsăreanu  Carnegie Mellon University 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Detecting JVM JIT Compiler Bugs via Exploring Two-Dimensional Input Spaces   Technical Track   
 Haoxiang Jia  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Ming Wen  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Zifan Xie  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Xiaochen Guo  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Rongxin Wu  Xiamen University  , Maolin Sun  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Kang Chen  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Hai Jin  Huazhong University of Science and Technology    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | JITfuzz: Coverage-guided Fuzzing for JVM Just-in-Time Compilers   Technical Track   
 Mingyuan Wu  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Minghai Lu  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Heming Cui  University of Hong Kong  , Junjie Chen  Tianjin University  , Yuqun Zhang  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Lingming Zhang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Validating SMT Solvers via Skeleton Enumeration Empowered by Historical Bug-Triggering Inputs   Technical Track   
 Maolin Sun  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yibiao Yang  Nanjing University  , Ming Wen  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yongcong Wang  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yuming Zhou  Nanjing University  , Hai Jin  Huazhong University of Science and Technology    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Regression Fuzzing for Deep Learning Systems   Technical Track   
 Hanmo You  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University  , Zan Wang  Tianjin University, China  , Junjie Chen  Tianjin University  , Shuang Liu  Tianjin University  , Shuochuan Li  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Operand-Variation-Oriented Differential Analysis for Fuzzing Binding Calls in PDF Readers   Technical Track   
 Suyue Guo  Renmin University of China  , Xinyu Wan  Renmin University of China  , Wei You  Renmin University of China  , Bin Liang  Renmin University of China, China  , Wenchang Shi  Renmin University of China, China  , Yiwei Zhang  Renmin University of China  , Jianjun Huang  Renmin University of China, China  , Jian Zhang  State Key Laboratory of Computer Science, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China    
  Pre-print 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | JAttack: Java JIT Testing using Template Programs   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Zhiqiang Zang  University of Texas at Austin  , Fu-Yao Yu  The University of Texas at Austin  , Nathan Wiatrek  The University of Texas at Austin  , Milos Gligoric  University of Texas at Austin  , August Shi  University of Texas at Austin    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Mining software repositories Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Brittany Johnson  George Mason University 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | The untold story of code refactoring customizations in practice   Technical Track   
 Daniel Oliveira  PUC-Rio  , Wesley Assunção  Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria & Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  , Alessandro Garcia  PUC-Rio  , Ana Carla Bibiano  PUC-Rio  , Márcio Ribeiro  Federal University of Alagoas, Brazil  , Rohit Gheyi  Federal University of Campina Grande  , Baldoino Fonseca  Federal University of Alagoas (UFAL)    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Data Quality for Software Vulnerability Datasets   Technical Track   
 Roland Croft  The University of Adelaide  , Muhammad Ali Babar  University of Adelaide  , M. Mehdi Kholoosi  University of Adelaide    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Do code refactorings influence the merge effort?   Technical Track   
 André Oliveira  Federal Fluminense University  , Vania Neves  Universidade Federal Fluminense (UFF)  , Alexandre Plastino  Federal Fluminense University  , Ana Carla Bibiano  PUC-Rio  , Alessandro Garcia  PUC-Rio  , Leonardo Murta  Universidade Federal Fluminense (UFF) 
 11:45   
 7m    
 Talk | ActionsRemaker: Reproducing GitHub Actions   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Hao-Nan Zhu  University of California, Davis  , Kevin Guan  University of California, Davis  , Robert M. Furth  University of California, Davis  , Cindy Rubio-González  University of California at Davis 
 11:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Problems with with SZZ and Features: An empirical assessment of the state of practice of defect prediction data collection   Journal-First Papers   
 Steffen Herbold  University of Passau  , Alexander Trautsch  University of Passau  , Alexander Trautsch  Germany  , Benjamin Ledel  None 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | An empirical study of issue-link algorithms: which issue-link algorithms should we use?   Journal-First Papers   
 Masanari Kondo  Kyushu University  , Yutaro Kashiwa  Nara Institute of Science and Technology  , Yasutaka Kamei  Kyushu University  , Osamu Mizuno  Kyoto Institute of Technology 
 12:07   
 7m    
 Talk | SCS-Gan: Learning Functionality-Agnostic Stylometric Representations for Source Code Authorship Verification   Journal-First Papers   
 Weihan Ou  Queen's University at Kingston  , Ding Steven, H., H.  Queen’s University at Kingston  , Yuan Tian  Queens University, Kingston, Canada  , Leo Song  Queen’s University at Kingston 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Talk | A Comprehensive Study of Real-World Bugs in Machine Learning Model Optimization   Technical Track   
 Hao Guan  The University of Queensland  , Ying Xiao  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Jiaying LI  Microsoft  , Yepang Liu  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Guangdong Bai  University of Queensland 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Fault localization Journal-First Papers  / Technical Track  / Showcase   at Meeting Room 103   
  Chair(s): Rui Abreu  University of Porto 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Evaluating the Impact of Experimental Assumptions in Automated Fault Localization   Technical Track   
 Ezekiel Soremekun  Royal Holloway, University of London  , Lukas Kirschner  Saarland University  , Marcel Böhme  MPI-SP, Germany and Monash University, Australia  , Mike Papadakis  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Locating Framework-specific Crashing Faults with Compact and Explainable Candidate Set   Technical Track   
 Jiwei Yan  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences, China  , MiaoMiao Wang  Technology Center of Software Engineering, ISCAS, China. University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China.  , Yepang Liu  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Jun Yan  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Long Zhang  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | PExReport: Automatic Creation of Pruned Executable Cross-Project Failure Reports   Technical Track   
 Sunzhou Huang  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Xiaoyin Wang  University of Texas at San Antonio    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Bug localization in game software engineering: evolving simulations to locate bugs in software models of video games   Showcase   
 Rodrigo Casamayor  SVIT Research Group. Universidad San Jorge  , Lorena Arcega  San Jorge University  , Francisca Pérez  SVIT Research Group, Universidad San Jorge  , Carlos Cetina  San Jorge University, Spain    
  DOI 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Real World Projects, Real Faults: Evaluating Spectrum Based Fault Localization Techniques on Python Projects   Journal-First Papers   
 Ratnadira Widyasari  Singapore Management University, Singapore  , Gede Artha Azriadi Prana  Singapore Management University  , Stefanus Agus Haryono  Singapore Management University  , Shaowei Wang  University of Manitoba  , David Lo  Singapore Management University 
 12:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Effective Isolation of Fault-Correlated Variables via Statistical and Mutation Analysis   Journal-First Papers   
 Ming Wen  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Zifan Xie  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Kaixuan Luo  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Xiao Chen  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yibiao Yang  Nanjing University  , Hai Jin  Huazhong University of Science and Technology 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Talk | RAT: A Refactoring-Aware Traceability Model for Bug Localization   Technical Track   
 Feifei Niu  University of Ottawa  , Wesley Assunção  Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria & Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  , Liguo Huang  Southern Methodist University  , Christoph Mayr-Dorn  JOHANNES KEPLER UNIVERSITY LINZ  , Jidong Ge  Nanjing University  , Bin Luo  Nanjing University  , Alexander Egyed  Johannes Kepler University Linz    
  File Attached 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Formal verification SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Showcase   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Bonita Sharif  University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | How Do We Read Formal Claims? Eye-Tracking and the Cognition of Proofs about Algorithms   Technical Track   
 Hammad Ahmad  University of Michigan  , Zachary Karas  University of Michigan  , Kimberly Diaz  University of Michigan  , Amir Kamil  University of Michigan  , Jean-Baptiste Jeannin  University of Michigan at Ann Arbor  , Westley Weimer  University of Michigan 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Which of My Assumptions are Unnecessary for Realizability and Why Should I Care?   Technical Track   
 Rafi Shalom  Tel Aviv University, Israel  , Shahar Maoz  Tel Aviv University    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Understanding Inconsistency in Azure Cosmos DB with TLA+   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Alistair Finn Hackett  University of British Columbia  , Joshua Rowe  Microsoft  , Markus Alexander Kuppe  Microsoft Research 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Rely/Guarantee Reasoning for Multicopy Atomic Weak Memory Models   Showcase   
 Nicholas Coughlin  Defence Science and Technology Group, Australia  , Kirsten Winter  Defence Science and Technology Group, Australia  , Graeme Smith  The University of Queensland 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | HOME: Heard-Of based Formal Modeling and Verification Environment for Consensus Protocols   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Shumao Zhai  Beihang University  , Xiaozhou Li  University of Oulu  , Ning Ge  School of Software, Beihang University 
 12:07   
 7m    
 Talk | CoVeriTeam Service: Verification as a Service   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Dirk Beyer  LMU Munich  , Sudeep Kanav  LMU Munich  , Henrik Wachowitz  LMU Munich 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Proofster: Automated Formal Verification   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Arpan Agrawal  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Emily First  University of Massachusetts Amherst  , Zhanna Kaufman  University of Massachusetts  , Tom Reichel  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Shizhuo Zhang  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Timothy Zhou  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Alex Sanchez-Stern  University of Massachusetts at Amherst  , Talia Ringer  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Yuriy Brun  University of Massachusetts    
  Media Attached 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Anti-Patterns (Smells) in Temporal Specifications   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Dor Ma'ayan  Tel Aviv University  , Shahar Maoz  Tel Aviv University  , Jan Oliver Ringert  Bauhaus-University Weimar    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | APIs and libraries Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Sarah Nadi  University of Alberta 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | UpCy: Safely Updating Outdated Dependencies   Technical Track   
 Andreas Dann  Paderborn University  , Ben Hermann  TU Dortmund  , Eric Bodden  Heinz Nixdorf Institut, Paderborn University and Fraunhofer IEM    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | APICAD: Augmenting API Misuse Detection Through Specifications From Code And Documents   Technical Track   
 Xiaoke Wang  Wuhan University  , Lei Zhao  Wuhan University    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Compatibility Issue Detection for Android Apps Based on Path-Sensitive Semantic Analysis   Technical Track   
 Sen Yang  Army Engineering University of PLA  , Sen Chen  Tianjin University  , Lingling Fan  Nankai University  , Sihan Xu  Nankai University, China  , Zhanwei Hui  Academy of Military Science  , Song Huang  Army Engineering University of PLA 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | OSSFP: Precise and Scalable C/C++ Third-Party Library Detection using Fingerprinting Functions   Technical Track   
 Wu Jiahui  Nanyang Technological University  , Zhengzi Xu  Nanyang Technological University  , Wei Tang  Tsinghua University  , Lyuye Zhang  Nanyang Technological University  , Yueming Wu  Nanyang Technological University  , Chengyue Liu  Scantist  , Kairan Sun  Singapore University of Technology and Design  , Lida Zhao  Nanyang Technological University  , Yang Liu  Nanyang Technological University 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Scaling Web API Integrations   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Guido Chari  Asapp  , Brandon Sheffer  ASAPP  , Branavan Branavan  ASAPP  , Nicolas D'Ippolito  ASAPP    
  Pre-print 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Giving Back: Contributions Congruent to Library Dependency Changes in a Software Ecosystem   Journal-First Papers   
 Supatsara Wattanakriengkrai  Nara Institute of Science and Technology  , Dong Wang  Kyushu University, Japan  , Raula Gaikovina Kula  Nara Institute of Science and Technology  , Christoph Treude  University of Melbourne  , Patanamon Thongtanunam  University of Melbourne  , Takashi Ishio  Future University Hakodate  , Kenichi Matsumoto  Nara Institute of Science and Technology    
  Link to publication 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Breaking Bad? Semantic Versioning and Impact of Breaking Changes in Maven Central   Journal-First Papers   
 Lina Ochoa  Eindhoven University of Technology  , Thomas Degueule  CNRS, LaBRI  , Jean-Rémy Falleri  Bordeaux INP  , Jurgen Vinju  CWI; Eindhoven University of Technology 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Blockchain/smart contracts Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Yi Li  Nanyang Technological University 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | SmartMark: Software Watermarking Scheme for Smart Contracts   Technical Track   
 Taeyoung Kim  Sungkyunkwan University  , Yunhee Jang  Sungkyunkwan University  , Chanjong Lee  Sungkyunkwan University  , Hyungjoon Koo  Sungkyunkwan University  , hyoungshick kim  Sungkyunkwan University 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Turn the Rudder: A Beacon of Reentrancy Detection for Smart Contracts on Ethereum   Technical Track   
 Zibin Zheng  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Neng Zhang  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Jianzhong Su  Sun Yat-sen University  , Zhijie Zhong  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Mingxi Ye  Sun Yat-sen University  , Jiachi Chen  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | BSHUNTER: Detecting and Tracing Defects of Bitcoin Scripts   Technical Track   
 Peilin Zheng  Sun Yat-sen University  , Xiapu Luo  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Zibin Zheng  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University    
  Pre-print   File Attached 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | DAppHunter: Identifying Inconsistent Behaviors of Blockchain-based Decentralized Applications   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Jianfei Zhou  University of Electronic Science and Technology of China  , Jiang Tianxing   , Haijun Wang  Ant Group  , Meng Wu  Ant Group  , Ting Chen  University of Electronic Science and Technology of China 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Evolutionary Approach for Concurrency Testing of Ripple Blockchain Consensus Algorithm   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Martijn van Meerten  Delft University of Technology  , Burcu Kulahcioglu Ozkan  Delft University of Technology  , Annibale Panichella  Delft University of Technology 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Siguard: Detecting Signature-Related Vulnerabilities in Smart Contracts   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Jiashuo Zhang  Peking University, China  , Yue Li  Peking University  , Jianbo Gao  Peking University  , Zhi Guan  Peking University  , Zhong Chen 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Storage State Analysis and Extraction of Ethereum Blockchain Smart Contracts   Journal-First Papers   
 Maha Ayub  Information Technology University (ITU) Lahore, Pakistan  , Tania Saleem  Information Technology University (ITU) Lahore, Pakistan  , Muhammad Umar Janjua  Information Technology University (ITU) Lahore, Pakistan  , Talha Ahmed  Information Technology University (ITU) Lahore, Pakistan 

 11:00 - 12:30 | SRC Posters SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   at Meeting Room 108 
 11:00   
 90m    
 Poster | SRC Posters   SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
 Muneera Bano  CSIRO's Data61  , Lingxiao Jiang  Singapore Management University 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Cognitive aspects of software development NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIS - Software Engineering in Society  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / Technical Track   at Meeting Room 109   
  Chair(s): Nicole Novielli  University of Bari 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Do I Belong? Modeling Sense of Virtual Community Among Linux Kernel Contributors      Technical Track   
 Bianca Trinkenreich  Northern Arizona University, USA  , Klaas-Jan Stol  Lero; University College Cork; SINTEF Digital  , Anita Sarma  Oregon State University  , Daniel M. German  University of Victoria  , Marco Gerosa  Northern Arizona University  , Igor Steinmacher  Northern Arizona University    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Cognitive Reflection in Software Verification and Testing   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Kevin Buffardi  California State University, Chico 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | A Model for Understanding and Reducing Developer Burnout   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Bianca Trinkenreich  Northern Arizona University, USA  , Klaas-Jan Stol  Lero; University College Cork; SINTEF Digital  , Igor Steinmacher  Northern Arizona University  , Marco Gerosa  Northern Arizona University  , Anita Sarma  Oregon State University  , Marcelo Lara  Globant  , Michael Feathers  Globant  , Nick Ross  Globant  , Kevin Bishop  Globant    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Full-paper | Designing for Cognitive Diversity: Improving the GitHub Experience for Newcomers   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Italo Santos  Northern Arizona University  , João Felipe Pimentel  Northern Arizona University  , Igor Wiese  Federal University of Technology  , Igor Steinmacher  Northern Arizona University  , Anita Sarma  Oregon State University  , Marco Gerosa  Northern Arizona University    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | From Anecdote to Evidence: The Relationship Between Personality and Need for Cognition of Developers   Journal-First Papers   
 Daniel Russo  Department of Computer Science, Aalborg University  , Andres R. Masegosa  Aalborg University  , Klaas-Jan Stol  Lero; University College Cork; SINTEF Digital    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 12:07   
 7m    
 Talk | A Qualitative Study of Developers’ Discussions of Their Problems and Joys During the Early COVID-19 Months   Journal-First Papers   
 Gias Uddin  University of Calgary, Canada  , Omar Alam  Trent University  , Alexander Serebrenik  Eindhoven University of Technology 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Interpersonal trust in OSS: Exploring dimensions of trust in GitHub pull requests   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Amirali Sajadi  Drexel University  , Kostadin Damevski  Virginia Commonwealth University  , Preetha Chatterjee  Drexel University, USA    
  Pre-print 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | The risk-taking software engineer: A framed portrait   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Lorenz Graf-Vlachy  University of Stuttgart    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Model-driven engineering Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Showcase  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 110   
  Chair(s): Henry Muccini  University of L'Aquila, Italy 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | A Model-based, Quality Attribute-guided Architecture Re-Design Process at Google   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Qin Jia  Google LLC  , Yuanfang Cai  Drexel University  , Onur Çakmak  Google LLC 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Efficient Replay-based Regression Testing for Distributed Reactive Systems in the Context of Model-driven Development   Showcase   
 Majid Babaei  McGill University  , Juergen Dingel  Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | A GNN-based Recommender System to Assist the Specification of Metamodels and Models   Showcase   
 Juri Di Rocco  University of L'Aquila  , Claudio Di Sipio  University of L'Aquila  , Davide Di Ruscio  University of L'Aquila  , Phuong T. Nguyen  University of L’Aquila 
 11:45   
 7m    
 Talk | RM2DM: A Tool for Automatic Generation of OO Design Models from Requirements Models   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Zhen Tian  Beihang University  , Yilong Yang  Beihang University  , Sheng Cheng  Software Engineering and Digitalization Center of China Manned Space Engineering 
 11:52   
 7m    
 Talk | (Journal-First Track) PRINS: Scalable Model Inference for Component-Based System Logs   Journal-First Papers   
 Donghwan Shin  The University of Sheffield  , Domenico Bianculli  University of Luxembourg  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Advantages and disadvantages of (dedicated) model transformation languages: A qualitative interview study   Journal-First Papers   
 Stefan Höppner  Ulm University  , Yves Haas  Institute of Software Engineering and Programming Languages, Ulm University  , Matthias Tichy  Ulm University, Germany  , Katharina Juhnke  Institute of Software Engineering and Programming Languages, Ulm University 
 12:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Automated Generation of Consistent Graph Models With Multiplicity Reasoning   Journal-First Papers   
 Kristóf Marussy  Budapest University of Technology and Economics  , Oszkár Semeráth  Budapest University of Technology and Economics  , Daniel Varro  Linköping University / McGill University 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | MLTEing Models: Negotiating, Evaluating, and Documenting Model and System Qualities   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Katherine R. Maffey  AI Integration Center  , Kyle Dotterrer  AI Integration Center  , Jennifer Niemann  AI Integration Center  , Iain Cruickshank  Army Cyber Institute  , Grace Lewis  Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute  , Christian Kästner  Carnegie Mellon University    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Technical Briefing 1 Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 111 
 11:00   
 90m    
 Talk | Quantum Software Testing: A Brief Introduction   Technical Briefings   
 Shaukat Ali  Simula Research Laboratory  , Tao Yue  Simula Research Laboratory    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Code smells and clones Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Sigrid Eldh  Ericsson AB, Mälardalen University, Carleton Unviersity 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Comparison and Evaluation of Clone Detection Techniques with Different Code Representations   Technical Track   
 Yuekun Wang  University of Science and Technology of China  , Yuhang Ye  University of Science and Technology of China  , Yueming Wu  Nanyang Technological University  , Weiwei Zhang  University of Science and Technology of China  , Yinxing Xue  University of Science and Technology of China  , Yang Liu  Nanyang Technological University 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Learning Graph-based Code Representations for Source-level Functional Similarity Detection   Technical Track   
 Jiahao Liu  National University of Singapore  , Jun Zeng  National University of Singapore  , Xiang Wang  University of Science and Technology of China  , Zhenkai Liang  National University of Singapore 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | The Smelly Eight: An Empirical Study on the Prevalence of Code Smells in Quantum Computing   Technical Track   
 Qihong Chen  University of California, Irvine  , Rúben Câmara  LASIGE and Department of Informatics are Faculdade Ciências Universidade de Lisboa,  , José Campos  University of Porto, Portugal  , André Souto  LaSiGE & FCUL, University of Lisbon  , Iftekhar Ahmed  University of California at Irvine    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | An Empirical Comparison on the Results of Different Clone Detection Setups for C-based Projects   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Yan Zhou  Huawei  , Jinfu Chen  Centre for Software Excellence, Huawei, Canada  , Yong Shi  Huawei Technologies  , Boyuan Chen  Centre for Software Excellence, Huawei Canada  , Zhen Ming (Jack) Jiang  York University 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Developers’ perception matters: machine learning to detect developer-sensitive smells   Journal-First Papers   
 Daniel Oliveira  PUC-Rio  , Wesley Assunção  Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria & Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  , Alessandro Garcia  PUC-Rio  , Baldoino Fonseca  Federal University of Alagoas (UFAL)  , Márcio Ribeiro  Federal University of Alagoas, Brazil 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Smells in system user interactive tests   Journal-First Papers   
 Renaud Rwemalika  University of Luxembourg  , Sarra Habchi  Ubisoft  , Mike Papadakis  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Yves Le Traon  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Marie-Claude Brasseur  BGL BNP Paribas 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Bash in the Wild: Language Usage, Code Smells, and Bugs   Journal-First Papers   
 Yiwen Dong  University of Waterloo  , Zheyang Li  University of Waterloo  , Yongqiang Tian  University of Waterloo  , Chengnian Sun  University of Waterloo  , Michael W. Godfrey  University of Waterloo, Canada  , Mei Nagappan  University of Waterloo 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | 1-to-1 or 1-to-n? Investigating the effect of function inlining on binary similarity analysis   Journal-First Papers   
 Ang Jia  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Ming Fan  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Wuxia Jin  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Xi Xu  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Zhaohui Zhou  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Qiyi Tang  Tencent Security Keen Lab  , Sen Nie  Keen Security Lab, Tencent  , Shi Wu  Tencent Security Keen Lab  , Ting Liu  Xi'an Jiaotong University 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Fuzzing: techniques and tools Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Mike Papadakis  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 13:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Neural Network Guided Evolutionary Fuzzing for Finding Traffic Violations of Autonomous Vehicles   Journal-First Papers   
 Ziyuan Zhong  Columbia University  , Gail Kaiser  Columbia University  , Baishakhi Ray  Columbia University 
 13:52   
 15m    
 Talk | Reachable Code Coverage   Technical Track   
 Danushka Liyanage  Monash University, Australia  , Marcel Böhme  MPI-SP, Germany and Monash University, Australia  , Kla Tantithamthavorn  Monash University  , Stephan Lipp  Technical University of Munich 
 14:07   
 15m    
 Talk | Learning Seed-Adaptive Mutation Strategies for Greybox Fuzzing   Technical Track   
 Myungho Lee  Korea University  , Sooyoung Cha  Sungkyunkwan University  , Hakjoo Oh  Korea University 
 14:22   
 15m    
 Talk | Improving Java Deserialization Gadget Chain Mining via Overriding-Guided Object Generation   Technical Track   
 Sicong Cao  Yangzhou University  , Xiaobing Sun  Yangzhou University  , Xiaoxue Wu  Yangzhou University  , Lili Bo  Yangzhou University  , Bin Li  Yangzhou University  , Rongxin Wu  Xiamen University  , Wei Liu  Nanjing University  , Biao He  Ant Group  , Yu Ouyang  Ant Group  , Jiajia Li  Ant Group 
 14:37   
 15m    
 Talk | Evaluating and Improving Hybrid Fuzzing   Technical Track   
 Ling Jiang  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Hengchen Yuan  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Mingyuan Wu  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Lingming Zhang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Yuqun Zhang  Southern University of Science and Technology 
 14:52   
 15m    
 Talk | DAISY: Effective Fuzz Driver Synthesis with Object Usage Sequence Analysis   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Mingrui Zhang  Tsinghua University, Beijing, China  , Chijin Zhou  Tsinghua University  , Jianzhong Liu  ShanghaiTech University  , Mingzhe Wang  Tsinghua University  , Jie Liang   , Juan Zhu   , Yu Jiang  Tsinghua University 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Software architectures and design Showcase  / Technical Track  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Davide Taibi  Tampere University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Robustification of Behavioral Designs against Environmental Deviations   Technical Track   
 Changjian Zhang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Tarang Saluja  Swarthmore College  , Rômulo Meira-Góes  Carnegie Mellon University  , Matthew Bolton  University of Virginia  , David Garlan  Carnegie Mellon University  , Eunsuk Kang  Carnegie Mellon University    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | A Qualitative Study on the Implementation Design Decisions of Developers      Technical Track   
 Jenny T. Liang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Maryam Arab  George Mason University  , Minhyuk Ko  Virginia Tech  , Amy Ko  University of Washington  , Thomas LaToza  George Mason University    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Designing for Real People: Teaching Agility through User-Centric Service Design   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Robert Chatley  Imperial College London  , Tony Field  Imperial College London  , Mark Wheelhouse  Imperial College London  , Carolyn Runcie  Royal College of Art  , Nick de Leon  Royal College of Art  , Clive Grinyer  Royal College of Art    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | A Decision Model for Choosing Patterns in Blockchain-Based Applications   Showcase   
 Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61  , ‪H M N Dilum Bandara  Data61, CSIRO  , Qinghua Lu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Ingo Weber  TU Munich & Fraunhofer, Munich  , Len Bass  Carnegie Mellon University  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Architectural Design Decisions for Machine Learning Deployment   Showcase   
 Stephen John Warnett  University of Vienna  , Uwe Zdun  University of Vienna 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Handling Communication via APIs for Microservices   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Vini Kanvar  IBM Research  , Ridhi Jain  IIIT-Delhi  , Srikanth Tamilselvam  IBM Research 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Open Design Case Study - A Crowdsourcing Effort to Curate Software Design Case Studies   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Chun Yong Chong  Monash University Malaysia  , Eunsuk Kang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Mary Shaw  Carnegie Mellon University    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Software security and privacy Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 103   
  Chair(s): Wei Yang  University of Texas at Dallas 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | BFTDetector: Automatic Detection of Business Flow Tampering for Digital Content Service   Technical Track   
 I Luk Kim  Purdue University  , Weihang Wang  University of Southern California  , Yonghwi Kwon  University of Virginia  , Xiangyu Zhang  Purdue University 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | FedSlice: Protecting Federated Learning Models from Malicious Participants with Model Slicing   Technical Track   
 Ziqi Zhang  Peking University  , Yuanchun Li  Institute for AI Industry Research (AIR), Tsinghua University  , Bingyan Liu  Peking University  , Yifeng Cai  Peking University  , Ding Li  Peking University  , Yao Guo  Peking University  , Xiangqun Chen  Peking University 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | PTPDroid: Detecting Violated User Privacy Disclosures to Third-Parties of Android Apps   Technical Track   
 Zeya Tan  Nanjing University of Science and Technology  , Wei Song  Nanjing University of Science and Technology    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | AdHere: Automated Detection and Repair of Intrusive Ads   Technical Track   
 Yutian Yan  University of Southern California  , Yunhui Zheng   , Xinyue Liu  University at Buffalo, SUNY  , Nenad Medvidović  University of Southern California  , Weihang Wang  University of Southern California 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Bad Snakes: Understanding and Improving Python Package Index Malware Scanning   Technical Track   
 Duc Ly Vu  Chainguard and FPT University  , Zachary Newman  Chainguard  , John Speed Meyers  Chainguard 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | DAISY: Dynamic-Analysis-Induced Source Discovery for Sensitive Data   Journal-First Papers   
 Xueling Zhang  Rochester Institute of Technology  , John Heaps  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Rocky Slavin  The University of Texas at San Antonio  , Jianwei Niu  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Travis Breaux  Carnegie Mellon University  , Xiaoyin Wang  University of Texas at San Antonio 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Assessing the opportunity of combining state-of-the-art Android malware detectors   Journal-First Papers   
 Nadia Daoudi  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Kevin Allix  CentraleSupelec Rennes  , Tegawendé F. Bissyandé  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Jacques Klein  University of Luxembourg 

 13:45 - 15:15 | AI systems engineering SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Technical Track  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Xin Peng  Fudan University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | FedDebug: Systematic Debugging for Federated Learning Applications   Technical Track   
 Waris Gill  Virginia Tech  , Ali Anwar  University of Minnesota  , Muhammad Ali Gulzar  Virginia Tech 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Practical and Efficient Model Extraction of Sentiment Analysis APIs   Technical Track   
 Weibin Wu  Sun Yat-sen University  , Jianping Zhang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Victor Junqiu Wei  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Xixian Chen  Tencent  , Zibin Zheng  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Irwin King  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Michael Lyu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | CrossCodeBench: Benchmarking Cross-Task Generalization of Source Code Models   Technical Track   
 Changan Niu  Software Institute, Nanjing University  , Chuanyi Li  Nanjing University  , Vincent Ng  Human Language Technology Research Institute, University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083-0688  , Bin Luo  Nanjing University    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Challenges in Adopting Artificial Intelligence Based User Input Verification Framework in Reporting Software Systems   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Dong Jae Kim  Concordia University  , Tse-Hsun (Peter) Chen  Concordia University  , Steve Sporea   , Andrei Toma  ERA Environmental Management Solutions  , Laura Weinkam   , Sarah Sajedi  ERA Environmental Management Solutions  , Steve Sporea 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Towards Understanding Quality Challenges of the Federated Learning for Neural Networks: A First Look from the Lens of Robustness   Journal-First Papers   
 Amin Eslami Abyane  University of Calgary  , Derui Zhu  Technical University of Munich  , Roberto Souza  University of Calgary  , Lei Ma  University of Alberta  , Hadi Hemmati  York University 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | An Empirical Study of the Impact of Hyperparameter Tuning and Model Optimization on the Performance Properties of Deep Neural Networks   Journal-First Papers   
 Lizhi Liao  Concordia University  , Heng Li  Polytechnique Montréal  , Weiyi Shang  University of Waterloo  , Lei Ma  University of Alberta 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Black-box Safety Analysis and Retraining of DNNs based on Feature Extraction and Clustering   Journal-First Papers   
 Mohammed Attaoui  University of Luxembourg  , Hazem FAHMY  University of Luxembourg  , Fabrizio Pastore  University of Luxembourg  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Iterative Assessment and Improvement of DNN Operational Accuracy   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Antonio Guerriero  Università di Napoli Federico II  , Roberto Pietrantuono  Università di Napoli Federico II  , Stefano Russo  Università di Napoli Federico II    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Debugging SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Jie M. Zhang  King's College London 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | ECSTATIC: An Extensible Framework for Testing and Debugging Configurable Static Analysis   Technical Track   
 Austin Mordahl  University of Texas at Dallas  , Zenong Zhang  The University of Texas at Dallas  , Dakota Soles  The University of Texas at Dallas  , Shiyi Wei  University of Texas at Dallas    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Responsibility in Context: On Applicability of Slicing in Semantic Regression Analysis   Technical Track   
 Sahar Badihi  University of British Columbia, Canada  , Khaled Ahmed  University of British Columbia (UBC)  , Yi Li  Nanyang Technological University  , Julia Rubin  University of British Columbia, Canada    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Does the Stream API Benefit from Special Debugging Facilities? A Controlled Experiment on Loops and Streams with Specific Debuggers   Technical Track   
 Jan Reichl   , Stefan Hanenberg  University of Duisburg-Essen, Essen, Germany  , Volker Gruhn  University Duisburg-Essen    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Fonte: Finding Bug Inducing Commits from Failures   Technical Track   
 Gabin An  KAIST  , Jingun Hong  SAP Labs  , Naryeong Kim  KAIST  , Shin Yoo  KAIST    
  Pre-print 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Do the Test Smells Assertion Roulette and Eager Test Impact Students’ Troubleshooting and Debugging Capabilities?   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Wajdi Aljedaani  University of North Texas  , Mohamed Wiem Mkaouer  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Anthony Peruma  University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa  , Stephanie Ludi  University of North Texas    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | RexStepper: a Reference Debugger for JavaScript Regular Expressions   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Luis Almeida  IST  , Miguel Gonzaga  IST  , José Fragoso Santos  INESC-ID/Instituto Superior Técnico, Portugal  , Rui Abreu  University of Porto 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Toward Gaze-assisted Developer Tools   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Peng Kuang  Lund University  , Emma Söderberg  Lund University  , Diederick Niehorster  Lund University  , Martin Höst  Lund University    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Defect analysis Journal-First Papers  / Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Kla Tantithamthavorn  Monash University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | RepresentThemAll: A Universal Learning Representation of Bug Reports   Technical Track   
 Sen Fang  Macau University of Science and Technology  , Tao Zhang  Macau University of Science and Technology  , Youshuai Tan  Macau University of Science and Technology  , He Jiang  Dalian University of Technology  , Xin Xia  Huawei  , Xiaobing Sun  Yangzhou University 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Demystifying Exploitable Bugs in Smart Contracts   Technical Track   
 Zhuo Zhang  Purdue University  , Brian Zhang  Harrison High School (Tippecanoe)  , Wen Xu  PNM Labs  , Zhiqiang Lin  The Ohio State University    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Understanding and Detecting On-the-Fly Configuration Bugs      Technical Track   
 Teng Wang  National University of Defense Technology  , Zhouyang Jia  National University of Defense Technology  , Shanshan Li  National University of Defense Technology  , Si Zheng  National University of Defense Technology  , Yue Yu  College of Computer, National University of Defense Technology, Changsha 410073, China  , Erci Xu  National University of Defense Technology  , Shaoliang Peng  Hunan University  , Liao Xiangke  National University of Defense Technology    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Explaining Software Bugs Leveraging Code Structures in Neural Machine Translation   Technical Track   
 Parvez Mahbub  Dalhousie University  , Ohiduzzaman Shuvo  Dalhousie University  , Masud Rahman  Dalhousie University    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Scalable Compositional Static Taint Analysis for Sensitive Data Tracing on Industrial Micro-Services   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Zexin Zhong  Ant Group; University of Technology Sydney  , Jiangchao Liu  Ant Group  , Diyu Wu  Ant Group  , Peng Di  Ant Group  , Yulei Sui  University of New South Wales, Sydney  , Alex X. Liu  Ant Group  , John C.S. Lui  The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Exploring the relationship between performance metrics and cost saving potential of defect prediction models   Journal-First Papers   
 Steffen Tunkel  None  , Steffen Herbold  University of Passau 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | A Machine and Deep Learning analysis among SonarQube rules, Product, and Process Metrics for Faults Prediction   Journal-First Papers   
 Francesco Lomio  Constructor Institute Schaffhausen  , Sergio Moreschini  Tampere University  , Valentina Lenarduzzi  University of Oulu 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Developers' behaviors Technical Track  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 109   
  Chair(s): Brittany Johnson  George Mason University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Is It Enough to Recommend Tasks to Newcomers? Understanding Mentoring on Good First Issues   Technical Track   
 Xin Tan  Beihang University,  , Yiran Chen  Beihang University  , Haohua Wu  Beihang University  , Minghui Zhou  Peking University  , Li Zhang  Beihang University    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | From Organizations to Individuals: Psychoactive Substance Use By Professional Programmers   Technical Track   
 Kaia Newman  University of Michigan  , Madeline Endres  University of Michigan  , Westley Weimer  University of Michigan  , Brittany Johnson  George Mason University    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | On the Self-Governance and Episodic Changes in Apache Incubator Projects: An Empirical Study   Technical Track   
 Likang Yin  University of California at Davis  , Xiyu Zhang  University of California Davis  , Vladimir Filkov  University of California at Davis, USA 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Socio-Technical Anti-Patterns in Building ML-Enabled Software: Insights from Leaders on the Forefront   Technical Track   
 Alina Mailach  Leipzig University  , Norbert Siegmund  Leipzig University    
  Pre-print 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Moving on from the software engineers' gambit: an approach to support the defense of software effort estimates   Technical Track   
 Patricia Matsubara  Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul (UFMS)  , Igor Steinmacher  Northern Arizona University  , Bruno Gadelha  UFAM  , Tayana Conte  Universidade Federal do Amazonas    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | iTrace-Toolkit: A Pipeline for Analyzing Eye-Tracking Data of Software Engineering Studies   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Joshua Behler  Kent State University  , Praxis Weston  Kent State University  , Drew Guarnera  College of Wooster  , Bonita Sharif  University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA  , Jonathan I. Maletic  Kent State University 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Under the Bridge: Trolling and the Challenges of Recruiting Software Developers for Empirical Research Studies   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Ella Kokinda  Clemson University  , Makayla Moster  Clemson University  , James Dominic  Clemson University  , Paige Rodeghero  Clemson University    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Program translation and synthesis Technical Track  / Showcase  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   at Meeting Room 110   
  Chair(s): Andy Zaidman  Delft University of Technology 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Concrat: An Automatic C-to-Rust Lock API Translator for Concurrent Programs   Technical Track   
 Jaemin Hong  KAIST  , Sukyoung Ryu  KAIST    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Triggers for Reactive Synthesis Specifications   Technical Track   
 Gal Amram  Tel Aviv University  , Dor Ma'ayan  Tel Aviv University  , Shahar Maoz  Tel Aviv University  , Or Pistiner  Tel Aviv University  , Jan Oliver Ringert  Bauhaus-University Weimar    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Using Reactive Synthesis: An End-to-End Exploratory Case Study   Technical Track   
 Dor Ma'ayan  Tel Aviv University  , Shahar Maoz  Tel Aviv University    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Pegasus: A Framework for Sound Continuous Invariant Generation   Showcase   
 Andrew Sogokon   , Stefan Mitsch  Carnegie Mellon University, USA  , Yong Kiam Tan  Carnegie Mellon University  , Katherine Kosaian  CMU, Carnegie Mellon University  , André Platzer  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | On ML-Based Program Translation: Perils and Promises   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Aniketh Malyala  Yale University  , Katelyn Zhou  Silver Creek High School  , Baishakhi Ray  Columbia University  , Saikat Chakraborty  Microsoft Research    
  Pre-print 
 14:52   
 15m    
 Talk | Syntax and Domain Aware Model for Unsupervised Program Translation   Technical Track   
 Fang Liu  Beihang University  , Jia Li  Peking University  , Li Zhang  Beihang University    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Technical Briefing 2 Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 111 
 13:45   
 90m    
 Talk | DevCertOps: Strategies to realize Continuous Delivery of Safe Software in Regulated Domain   Technical Briefings   
 Marc Zeller  Siemens AG 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Technical Briefing 5a Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 112 
 13:45   
 90m    
 Talk | SAIN: A Community-Wide Software Architecture INfrastructure   Technical Briefings   
 Joshua Garcia  University of California, Irvine  , Mehdi Mirakhorli  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Lu Xiao  Stevens Institute of Technology  , Sam Malek  University of California at Irvine  , Rick Kazman  University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa  , Yuanfang Cai  Drexel University  , Nenad Medvidović  University of Southern California 

 15:15 - 15:45 | Posters 1 Posters  / Technical Track  / Showcase   at Meeting Room 105 
 15:15   
 2m    
 Poster | Distribution-aware Fairness Test Generation   Posters   
 Sai Sathiesh Rajan  Singapore University of Technology and Design, Singapore  , Ezekiel Soremekun  Royal Holloway, University of London  , Sudipta Chattopadhyay  Singapore University of Technology and Design  , Yves Le Traon  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 15:17   
 2m    
 Talk | Improving API Knowledge Discovery with ML: A Case Study of Comparable API Methods   Technical Track   
 Daye Nam  Carnegie Mellon University  , Brad A. Myers  Carnegie Mellon University  , Bogdan Vasilescu  Carnegie Mellon University  , Vincent J. Hellendoorn  Carnegie Mellon University    
  Pre-print 
 15:19   
 2m    
 Talk | Diver: Oracle-Guided SMT Solver Testing with Unrestricted Random Mutations   Technical Track   
 Jongwook Kim  Korea University  , Sunbeom So  Korea University  , Hakjoo Oh  Korea University 
 15:21   
 2m    
 Talk | Demystifying Exploitable Bugs in Smart Contracts   Technical Track   
 Zhuo Zhang  Purdue University  , Brian Zhang  Harrison High School (Tippecanoe)  , Wen Xu  PNM Labs  , Zhiqiang Lin  The Ohio State University    
  Pre-print 
 15:23   
 2m    
 Talk | An Empirical Study of Deep Learning Models for Vulnerability Detection   Technical Track   
 Benjamin Steenhoek  Iowa State University  , Md Mahbubur Rahman  Iowa State University  , Richard Jiles  Iowa State University  , Wei Le  Iowa State University    
  Pre-print 
 15:25   
 2m    
 Talk | MorphQ: Metamorphic Testing of the Qiskit Quantum Computing Platform   Technical Track   
 Matteo Paltenghi  University of Stuttgart, Germany  , Michael Pradel  University of Stuttgart    
  Pre-print 
 15:27   
 2m    
 Talk | Large Language Models are Few-shot Testers: Exploring LLM-based General Bug Reproduction   Technical Track   
 Sungmin Kang  KAIST  , Juyeon Yoon  Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology  , Shin Yoo  KAIST    
  Pre-print 
 15:30   
 2m    
 Talk | Automating Code-Related Tasks Through Transformers: The Impact of Pre-training   Technical Track   
 Rosalia Tufano  Università della Svizzera Italiana  , Luca Pascarella  ETH Zurich  , Gabriele Bavota  Software Institute, USI Università della Svizzera italiana 
 15:32   
 2m    
 Talk | Generic Partition Refinement and Weighted Tree Automata   Showcase   
 Hans-Peter Deifel  Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg, Germany  , Stefan Milius   , Lutz Schröder  University of Erlangen-Nuremberg  , Thorsten Wißmann  Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 15:34   
 2m    
 Talk | Learning Seed-Adaptive Mutation Strategies for Greybox Fuzzing   Technical Track   
 Myungho Lee  Korea University  , Sooyoung Cha  Sungkyunkwan University  , Hakjoo Oh  Korea University 
 15:36   
 2m    
 Talk | Bug localization in game software engineering: evolving simulations to locate bugs in software models of video games   Showcase   
 Rodrigo Casamayor  SVIT Research Group. Universidad San Jorge  , Lorena Arcega  San Jorge University  , Francisca Pérez  SVIT Research Group, Universidad San Jorge  , Carlos Cetina  San Jorge University, Spain    
  DOI 
 15:38   
 2m    
 Poster | Don't Complete It! Preventing Unhelpful Code Completion for Productive and Sustainable Neural Code Completion Systems   Posters   
 Zhensu Sun  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Xiaoning Du  Monash University, Australia  , Fu Song  ShanghaiTech University  , Shangwen Wang  National University of Defense Technology  , Li Li  Beihang University 
 15:40   
 2m    
 Talk | A Qualitative Study on the Implementation Design Decisions of Developers      Technical Track   
 Jenny T. Liang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Maryam Arab  George Mason University  , Minhyuk Ko  Virginia Tech  , Amy Ko  University of Washington  , Thomas LaToza  George Mason University    
  Pre-print 
 15:42   
 2m    
 Poster | Closing the Loop for Software Remodularisation - REARRANGE: An Effort Estimation Approach for Software Clustering-based Remodularisation   Posters   
 Alvin Jian Jin Tan   , Chun Yong Chong  Monash University Malaysia  , Aldeida Aleti  Monash University 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Documentation Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Denys Poshyvanyk  College of William and Mary 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Developer-Intent Driven Code Comment Generation   Technical Track   
 Fangwen Mu  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Xiao Chen  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Lin Shi  ISCAS  , Song Wang  York University  , Qing Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences    
  Pre-print 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Data Quality Matters: A Case Study of ObsoleteComment Detection   Technical Track   
 Shengbin Xu  Nanjing University  , Yuan Yao  Nanjing University  , Feng Xu  Nanjing University  , Tianxiao Gu  TikTok Inc.  , Jingwei Xu   , Xiaoxing Ma  Nanjing University    
  Pre-print 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Revisiting Learning-based Commit Message Generation   Technical Track   
 Jinhao Dong  Peking University  , Yiling Lou  Fudan University  , Dan Hao  Peking University  , Lin Tan  Purdue University    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Commit Message Matters: Investigating Impact and Evolution of Commit Message Quality   Technical Track   
 Jiawei Li  University of California, Irvine  , Iftekhar Ahmed  University of California at Irvine 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | On the Significance of Category Prediction for Code-Comment Synchronization   Journal-First Papers   
 Zhen Yang  City University of Hong Kong, China  , Jacky Keung  City University of Hong Kong  , Xiao Yu  Wuhan University of Technology  , Yan Xiao  National University of Singapore  , Zhi Jin  Peking University  , Jingyu Zhang  City University of Hong Kong 
 16:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Correlating Automated and Human Evaluation of Code Documentation Generation Quality   Journal-First Papers   
 Xing Hu  Zhejiang University  , Qiuyuan Chen  Zhejiang University  , Haoye Wang  Hangzhou City University  , Xin Xia  Huawei  , David Lo  Singapore Management University  , Thomas Zimmermann  Microsoft Research 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Predictive Comment Updating with Heuristics and AST-Path-Based Neural Learning: A Two-Phase Approach   Journal-First Papers   
 Bo Lin  National University of Defense Technology  , Shangwen Wang  National University of Defense Technology  , Zhongxin Liu  Zhejiang University  , Xin Xia  Huawei  , Xiaoguang Mao  National University of Defense Technology    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Software logging Technical Track   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | PILAR: Studying and Mitigating the Influence of Configurations on Log Parsing   Technical Track   
 Hetong Dai  Concordia University  , Yiming Tang  Concordia University  , Heng Li  Polytechnique Montréal  , Weiyi Shang  University of Waterloo 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Did We Miss Something Important? Studying and Exploring Variable-Aware Log Abstraction   Technical Track   
 Zhenhao Li  Concordia University  , Chuan Luo  Beihang University  , Tse-Hsun (Peter) Chen  Concordia University  , Weiyi Shang  University of Waterloo  , Shilin He  Microsoft Research  , Qingwei Lin  Microsoft Research  , Dongmei Zhang  Microsoft Research 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | On the Temporal Relations between Logging and Code   Technical Track   
 Zishuo Ding  Concordia University  , Yiming Tang  Concordia University  , Yang Li  Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications  , Heng Li  Polytechnique Montréal  , Weiyi Shang  University of Waterloo    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | How Do Developers' Profiles and Experiences Influence their Logging Practices? An Empirical Study of Industrial Practitioners   Technical Track   
 Guoping Rong  Nanjing University  , shenghui gu  Nanjing University  , Haifeng Shen  Australian Catholic University  , He Zhang  Nanjing University  , Hongyu Kuang  Nanjing University 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Talk | When to Say What: Learning to Find Condition-Message Inconsistencies   Technical Track   
 Islem BOUZENIA  University of Stuttgart  , Michael Pradel  University of Stuttgart    
  Pre-print 
 17:00   
 15m    
 Talk | A Semantic-aware Parsing Approach for Log Analytics   Technical Track   
 Yintong Huo  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Yuxin Su  Sun Yat-sen University  , Cheryl Lee  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Michael Lyu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong    
  Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Test generation SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Chunyang Chen  Monash University 
 15:45   
 7m    
 Talk | SoapOperaTG: A Tool for System Knowledge Graph Based Soap Opera Test Generation   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Yanqi Su  Australian National University  , Zheming Han   , Zhenchang Xing  CSIRO’s Data61; Australian National University  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Qinghua Lu  CSIRO’s Data61 
 15:52   
 7m    
 Talk | GUI Testing to the Power of Parallel Q-Learning   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Marco Mobilio  University of Milano Bicocca  , Diego Clerissi  University of Milano-Bicocca  , Giovanni Denaro  University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy  , Leonardo Mariani  University of Milano-Bicocca 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | BADGE: Prioritizing UI Events with Hierarchical Multi-Armed Bandits for Automated UI Testing   Technical Track   
 Dezhi Ran  Peking University  , Hao Wang  Peking University, China  , Wenyu Wang  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Tao Xie  Peking University 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Efficiency Matters: Speeding Up Automated Testing with GUI Rendering Inference      Technical Track   
 Sidong Feng  Monash University  , Mulong Xie  Australian National University  , Chunyang Chen  Monash University    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | CodaMOSA: Escaping Coverage Plateaus in Test Generation with Pre-trained Large Language Models   Technical Track   
 Caroline Lemieux  University of British Columbia  , Jeevana Priya Inala  Microsoft Research  , Shuvendu K. Lahiri  Microsoft Research  , Siddhartha Sen  Microsoft Research 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Simulation-Driven Automated End-to-End Test and Oracle Inference   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Shreshth Tuli  Meta Platforms Inc. and Imperial College  , Kinga Bojarczuk  Facebook  , Natalija Gucevska  Facebook  , Mark Harman  University College London  , Xiaoyu Wang  Meta Platforms Inc.  , Graham Wright  Meta Platforms Inc. 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Reasoning-Based Software Testing   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Luca Giamattei  Università di Napoli Federico II  , Roberto Pietrantuono  Università di Napoli Federico II  , Stefano Russo  Università di Napoli Federico II    
  Pre-print 
 17:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Automated Generation and Evaluation of JMH Microbenchmark Suites From Unit Tests   Journal-First Papers   
 Mostafa Jangali  Concordia University  , Yiming Tang  Concordia University  , Niclas Alexandersson  Chalmers University of Technology  , Philipp Leitner  Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden / University of Gothenburg, Sweden  , Jinqiu Yang  Concordia University  , Weiyi Shang  University of Waterloo 

 15:45 - 17:15 | SE for security 1 Technical Track  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   at Meeting Room 103   
  Chair(s): Abhik Roychoudhury  National University of Singapore 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | TAINTMINI: Detecting Flow of Sensitive Data in Mini-Programs with Static Taint Analysis   Technical Track   
 Chao Wang   , Ronny Ko  The Ohio State University  , Yue Zhang  The Ohio State University  , Yuqing Yang  The Ohio State University  , Zhiqiang Lin  The Ohio State University 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | AChecker: Statically Detecting Smart Contract Access Control Vulnerabilities   Technical Track   
 Asem Ghaleb  University of British Columbia  , Julia Rubin  University of British Columbia, Canada  , Karthik Pattabiraman  University of British Columbia 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Fine-grained Commit-level Vulnerability Type Prediction By CWE Tree Structure   Technical Track   
 Shengyi Pan  Zhejiang University  , Lingfeng Bao  Zhejiang University  , Xin Xia  Huawei  , David Lo  Singapore Management University  , Shanping Li  Zhejiang University    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Paper | Security Thinking in Online Freelance Software Development   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Irum Rauf  The Open University, UK  , Marian Petre  School of Computing and Communications, The Open University, UK  , Thein Tun  School of Computing and Communications,The Open University, UK; Simply Business, UK  , Tamara Lopez  The Open University  , Bashar Nuseibeh  The Open University, UK; Lero, University of Limerick, Ireland 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Open Science in Software Engineering: A Study on Deep Learning-Based Vulnerability Detection   Journal-First Papers   
 Yu Nong  Washington State University  , Rainy Sharma  Washington State University  , Wahab Hamou-Lhadj  Concordia University, Montreal, Canada  , Xiapu Luo  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Haipeng Cai  Washington State University    
  Link to publication   DOI   Authorizer link   Pre-print 
 16:52   
 8m    
 Talk | Training for Security: Planning the Use of a SAT in the Development Pipeline of Web Apps   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Sabato Nocera  University of Salerno  , Simone Romano  University of Salerno  , Rita Francese  University of Salerno  , Giuseppe Scanniello  University of Salerno 
 17:00   
 15m    
 Talk | VulGen: Realistic Vulnerability Generation Via Pattern Mining and Deep Learning   Technical Track   
 Yu Nong  Washington State University  , Yuzhe Ou  University of Texas at Dallas  , Michael Pradel  University of Stuttgart  , Feng Chen  University of Texas at Dallas  , Haipeng Cai  Washington State University    
  Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Development and evolution of AI-intensive systems SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Technical Track  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Sebastian Elbaum  University of Virginia 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Reusing Deep Neural Network Models through Model Re-engineering   Technical Track   
 Binhang Qi  Beihang University  , Hailong Sun  Beihang University  , Xiang Gao  Beihang University, China  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Zhaotian Li  Beihang University  , Xudong Liu  Beihang University 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | PyEvolve: Automating Frequent Code Changes in Python ML Systems   Technical Track   
 Malinda Dilhara  University of Colorado Boulder, USA  , Danny Dig  JetBrains Research & University of Colorado Boulder, USA  , Ameya Ketkar  Uber    
  Pre-print 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | DeepArc: Modularizing Neural Networks for the Model Maintenance   Technical Track   
 xiaoning ren   , Yun Lin  Shanghai Jiao Tong University; National University of Singapore  , Yinxing Xue  University of Science and Technology of China  , Ruofan Liu  National University of Singapore  , Jun Sun  Singapore Management University  , Zhiyong Feng  Tianjin University  , Jin Song Dong  National University of Singapore 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Decomposing a Recurrent Neural Network into Modules for Enabling Reusability and Replacement   Technical Track   
 Sayem Mohammad Imtiaz  Iowa State University  , Fraol Batole  Dept. of Computer Science, Iowa State University  , Astha Singh  Dept. of Computer Science, Iowa State University  , Rangeet Pan  IBM Research  , Breno Dantas Cruz  Dept. of Computer Science, Iowa State University  , Hridesh Rajan  Iowa State University    
  Pre-print 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Safe-DS: A Domain Specific Language to Make Data Science Safe   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Lars Reimann  University of Bonn  , Günter Kniesel-Wünsche  University of Bonn    
  Pre-print 
 16:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Rapid Development of Compositional AI   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Lee Martie  MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab  , Jessie Rosenberg  IBM  , Veronique Demers  MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab  , Gaoyuan Zhang  IBM  , Onkar Bhardwaj  MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab  , John Henning  IBM  , Aditya Prasad  IBM  , Matt Stallone  MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab  , Ja Young Lee  IBM  , Lucy Yip  IBM  , Damilola Adesina  IBM  , Elahe Paikari  IBM  , Oscar Resendiz  IBM  , Sarah Shaw  IBM  , David Cox  IBM    
  Pre-print 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | StreamAI: Challenges of Continual Learning Systems in Production for AI Industrialization   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Mariam Barry  BNP Paribas  , Albert Bifet  University of Waikato, Institut Polytechnique de Paris  , Jean Luc Billy  BNP Paribas 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Vulnerability analysis and assessment Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Xiaoyin Wang  University of Texas at San Antonio 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Chronos: Time-Aware Zero-Shot Identification of Libraries from Vulnerability Reports   Technical Track   
 Yunbo Lyu  Singapore Management University  , Le-Cong Thanh  The University of Melbourne  , Hong Jin Kang  UCLA  , Ratnadira Widyasari  Singapore Management University, Singapore  , Zhipeng Zhao  Singapore Management University  , Xuan-Bach D. Le  University of Melbourne  , Ming Li  Nanjing University  , David Lo  Singapore Management University    
  Pre-print 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Understanding the Threats of Upstream Vulnerabilities to Downstream Projects in the Maven Ecosystem   Technical Track   
 Yulun Wu  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Zeliang Yu  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Ming Wen  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Qiang Li  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Deqing Zou  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Hai Jin  Huazhong University of Science and Technology    
  Pre-print 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | SecBench.js: An Executable Security Benchmark Suite for Server-Side JavaScript   Technical Track   
 Masudul Hasan Masud Bhuiyan  CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security  , Adithya Srinivas Parthasarathy  Indian Institute of Information Technology, Design and Manufacturing, Kancheepuram  , Nikos Vasilakis  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  , Michael Pradel  University of Stuttgart  , Cristian-Alexandru Staicu  CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | On Privacy Weaknesses and Vulnerabilities in Software Systems   Technical Track   
 Pattaraporn Sangaroonsilp  University of Wollongong  , Hoa Khanh Dam  University of Wollongong  , Aditya Ghose  University of Wollongong 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | A Multi-faceted Vulnerability Searching Website Powered by Aspect-level Vulnerability Knowledge Graph   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Jiamou Sun  CSIRO's Data61  , Zhenchang Xing  CSIRO’s Data61; Australian National University  , Qinghua Lu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61 
 16:52   
 7m    
 Talk | An In-depth Study of Java Deserialization Remote-Code Execution Exploits and Vulnerabilities   Journal-First Papers   
 Imen Sayar  IRIT, University of Toulouse, IUT Blagnac Toulouse II, 1 Place Georges Brassens, Blagnac Cedex, France, 31703  , Alexandre Bartel  Umeå University  , Eric Bodden  Heinz Nixdorf Institut, Paderborn University and Fraunhofer IEM  , Yves Le Traon  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Blindspots in Python and Java APIs Result in Vulnerable Code   Journal-First Papers   
 Yuriy Brun  University of Massachusetts  , Tian Lin  University of Florida  , Jessie Elise Somerville  University of Florida  , Elisha M. Myers  Florida Atlantic University  , Natalie C. Ebner  University of Florida    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print   Media Attached 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Introductory and undergraduate education SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Rafael Prikladnicki  School of Technology at PUCRS University 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Are you cloud-certified? An Experience Report to Prepare Computing Undergraduates for Cloud Certification with Experiential Learning   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Eng Lieh Ouh  Singapore Management University  , Benjamin Kok Siew Gan  Singapore Management University 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Understanding Students' Knowledge of Programming Patterns Through Code Editing and Revising Tasks   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Sara Nurollahian  University of Utah  , Anna Rafferty  Carleton College  , Eliane Wiese  University of Utah 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Speak, Memory! Analyzing Historical Accidents to Sensitize Software Testing Novices   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Natalia Silvis-Cividjian  Vrije Universiteit (VU) Amsterdam  , Fritz Hager  NA 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Software startup within a university - producing industry-ready graduates   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Saara Tenhunen  University of Helsinki  , Tomi Männistö  University of Helsinki  , Petri Ihantola  University of Helsinki  , Jami Kousa  University of Helsinki  , Matti Luukkainen  University of Helsinki 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Teaching MLOps in Higher Education through Project-Based Learning   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Filippo Lanubile  University of Bari  , Silverio Martínez-Fernández  UPC-BarcelonaTech  , Luigi Quaranta  University of Bari, Italy 
 16:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Software Resurrection: Discovering Programming Pearls by Showing Modernity to Historical Software   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Abhishek Dutta  University of Oxford    
  Pre-print   Media Attached   File Attached 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Teaching Computer Science Students to Communicate Scientific Findings More Effectively   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Marvin Wyrich  Saarland University  , Stefan Wagner  University of Stuttgart    
  Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | FOSE-AI & SE and Debt FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   at Meeting Room 109   
  Chair(s): Xing Hu  Zhejiang University 
 15:45   
 10m    
 Talk | Trustworthy and Synergistic AI4SE: Vision and Road Ahead   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 David Lo  Singapore Management University 
 15:55   
 10m    
 Talk | AI and ML: The Software Engineers of the Future   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Thomas Zimmermann  Microsoft Research 
 16:05   
 10m    
 Talk | Generative Artificial Intelligence for Software Engineering   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Mark Harman  Meta Platforms, Inc. and UCL 
 16:15   
 10m    
 Talk | Technical Debt: are we there yet?   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Paris Avgeriou  University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
 16:25   
 50m    
 Panel | Panel discussion   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Showcase panel Showcase   at Meeting Room 110 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Technical Briefing 7 Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 111 
 15:45   
 90m    
 Talk | Methodology and Guidelines for Evaluating Multi-Objective Search-Based Software Engineering   Technical Briefings   
 Miqing Li  University of Birmingham  , Tao Chen  University of Birmingham 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Technical Briefing 5b Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 112 
 15:45   
 90m    
 Talk | SAIN: A Community-Wide Software Architecture INfrastructure   Technical Briefings   
 Joshua Garcia  University of California, Irvine  , Mehdi Mirakhorli  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Lu Xiao  Stevens Institute of Technology  , Sam Malek  University of California at Irvine  , Rick Kazman  University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa  , Yuanfang Cai  Drexel University  , Nenad Medvidović  University of Southern California 

 Thu 18 May   
  
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      

 10:30 - 11:00 | Demo Session 2 DEMO - Demonstrations   at Level 1 Exhibtion Space 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | RM2DM: A Tool for Automatic Generation of OO Design Models from Requirements Models   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Zhen Tian  Beihang University  , Yilong Yang  Beihang University  , Sheng Cheng  Software Engineering and Digitalization Center of China Manned Space Engineering 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Demo Session 2 DEMO - Demonstrations   at Level 1 Exhibtion Space 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | What Would You do? An Ethical AI Quiz   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Wei Teo  Monash University  , Ze Teoh  Monash University  , Dayang Abang Arabi  Monash University  , Morad Aboushadi  Monash University  , Khairenn Lai  Monash University  , Zhe Ng  Monash University  , Aastha Pant  Monash Univeristy  , Rashina Hoda  Monash University  , Kla Tantithamthavorn  Monash University  , Burak Turhan  University of Oulu    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Defect detection and prediction Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Wei Le  Iowa State University 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Detecting Exception Handling Bugs in C++ Programs   Technical Track   
 Hao Zhang  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Ji Luo  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Mengze Hu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Jun Yan  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Jian Zhang  State Key Laboratory of Computer Science, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China  , Zongyan Qiu  Peking University 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Learning to Boost Disjunctive Static Bug-Finders   Technical Track   
 Yoonseok Ko  Meta  , Hakjoo Oh  Korea University 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Predicting Bugs by Monitoring Developers During Task Execution   Technical Track   
 Gennaro Laudato  University of Molise  , Simone Scalabrino  University of Molise  , Nicole Novielli  University of Bari  , Filippo Lanubile  University of Bari  , Rocco Oliveto  University of Molise 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Detecting Isolation Bugs via Transaction Oracle Construction   Technical Track   
 Wensheng Dou  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Ziyu Cui  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Qianwang Dai  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Jiansen Song   , Dong Wang  Institute of software, Chinese academy of sciences  , Yu Gao  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China  , Wei Wang   , Jun Wei  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences Chongqing School  , Lei Chen  Inspur Software Group Co., Ltd.  , Hanmo Wang  Inspur Software Group Co., Ltd.  , Hua Zhong  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Tao Huang  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | SmallRace: Static Race Detection for Dynamic Languages - A Case on Smalltalk   Technical Track   
 Siwei Cui  Texas A & M University  , Yifei Gao  Texas A&M University  , Rainer Unterguggenberger  Lam Research  , Wilfried Pichler  Lam Research  , Sean Livingstone  Texas A&M University  , Jeff Huang  Texas A&M University    
  Pre-print 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Talk | CONAN: Diagnosing Batch Failures for Cloud Systems   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Liqun Li  Microsoft Research  , Xu Zhang  Microsoft Research  , Shilin He  Microsoft Research  , Yu Kang  Microsoft Research  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Minghua Ma  Microsoft Research  , Yingnong Dang  Microsoft Azure  , Zhangwei Xu  Microsoft Azure  , Saravan Rajmohan  Microsoft 365  , Qingwei Lin  Microsoft Research  , Dongmei Zhang  Microsoft Research    
  File Attached 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Studies on gender in SE SEIS - Software Engineering in Society  / Technical Track  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Ita Richardson  Lero - The Irish Software Research Centre and University of Limerick 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | “STILL AROUND”: Experiences and Survival Strategies of Veteran Women Software Developers      Technical Track   
 Sterre van Breukelen  Eindhoven University of Technology  , Ann Barcomb  Department of Electrical and Software Engineering, Schulich School of Engineering, University of Calgary  , Sebastian Baltes  SAP SE & University of Adelaide  , Alexander Serebrenik  Eindhoven University of Technology    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | The ABC of Pair Programming: Gender-dependent Attitude, Behavior and Code of Young Learners   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Isabella Graßl  University of Passau  , Gordon Fraser  University of Passau    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Engaging Girls in Computer Science: Do Single-Gender Interdisciplinary Classes Help?   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Kai Marquardt  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT)  , Lucia Happe  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology  , Ingo Wagner  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT)    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Paper | Fundamentalists, Integrationists, & Transformationists: An Empirical Theory of Men Software Engineers' Orientations in Gender Inequalities   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Yi Wang  Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications  , Xinyue Zhang  Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications  , Wei Wang  Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Paper | Draw a Software Engineer Test - An Investigation into Children's Perception of Software Engineering Profession   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Claudia Maria Cutrupi  Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)  , Irene Zanardi  USI Università della Svizzera italiana  , Letizia Jaccheri  Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)  , Monica Landoni  USI Università della Svizzera italiana 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Full-paper | Benefits and Limitations of Remote Work to LGBTQIA+ Software Professionals   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Ronnie de Souza Santos  Cape Breton University  , Cleyton V. C. de Magalhaes  CESAR School  , Paul Ralph  Dalhousie University    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | AI testing 1 Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Matthew B Dwyer  University of Virginia 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | When and Why Test Generators for Deep Learning Produce Invalid Inputs: an Empirical Study   Technical Track   
 Vincenzo Riccio  University of Udine  , Paolo Tonella  USI Lugano    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Fuzzing Automatic Differentiation in Deep-Learning Libraries   Technical Track   
 Chenyuan Yang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Yinlin Deng  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Jiayi Yao  The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen  , Yuxing Tu  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Hanchi Li  University of Science and Technology of China  , Lingming Zhang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Lightweight Approaches to DNN Regression Error Reduction: An Uncertainty Alignment Perspective   Technical Track   
 Zenan Li  Nanjing University, China  , Maorun Zhang  Nanjing University, China  , Jingwei Xu   , Yuan Yao  Nanjing University  , Chun Cao  Nanjing University  , Taolue Chen  Birkbeck University of London  , Xiaoxing Ma  Nanjing University  , Jian Lu  Nanjing University    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 7m    
 Talk | DeepJudge: A Testing Framework for Copyright Protection of Deep Learning Models   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Jialuo Chen  Zhejiang University  , Youcheng Sun  The University of Manchester  , Jingyi Wang  Zhejiang University  , Peng Cheng  Zhejiang University  , Xingjun Ma  Deakin University 
 11:52   
 7m    
 Talk | DeepCrime: from Real Faults to Mutation Testing Tool for Deep Learning   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Nargiz Humbatova  USI Lugano  , Gunel Jahangirova  King's College London  , Paolo Tonella  USI Lugano 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | DiverGet: a Search-Based Software Testing approach for Deep Neural Network Quantization assessment   Journal-First Papers   
 Ahmed Haj Yahmed  École Polytechnique de Montréal  , Houssem Ben Braiek  École Polytechnique de Montréal  , Foutse Khomh  Polytechnique Montréal  , Sonia Bouzidi  National Institute of Applied Science and Technology  , Rania Zaatour  Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research 
 12:07   
 15m    
 Talk | Revisiting Neuron Coverage for DNN Testing: A Layer-Wise and Distribution-Aware Criterion   Technical Track   
 Yuanyuan Yuan  The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Qi Pang  HKUST  , Shuai Wang  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Code review Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Technical Track   at Meeting Room 103   
  Chair(s): Thomas LaToza  George Mason University 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Workflow analysis of data science code in public GitHub repositories   Journal-First Papers   
 Dhivyabharathi Ramasamy  Department of Informatics, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland  , Cristina Sarasua  Department of Informatics, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland  , Alberto Bacchelli  University of Zurich  , Abraham Bernstein  Department of Informatics, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Quality Evaluation of Modern Code Reviews Through Intelligent Biometric Program Comprehension   Journal-First Papers   
 Haytham Hijazi  CISUC, DEI, University of Coimbra  , João Durães  CISUC, Polytechnic Institute of Coimbra  , Ricardo Couceiro  University of Coimbra  , Raul Barbosa  CISUC, DEI, University of Coimbra  , João Castelhano  ICNAS, University of Coimbra  , Júlio Medeiros  CISUC, DEI, University of Coimbra  , Miguel Castelo Branco  ICNAS/CIBIT, University of Coimbra  , Paulo Carvalho  University of Coimbra  , Henrique Madeira  University of Coimbra 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Code Review of Build System Specifications: Prevalence, Purposes, Patterns, and Perceptions   Technical Track   
 Mahtab Nejati  University of Waterloo  , Mahmoud Alfadel  University of Waterloo  , Shane McIntosh  University of Waterloo    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Please fix this mutant: How do developers resolve mutants surfaced during code review?   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Goran Petrovic  Google; Universität Passau  , René Just  University of Washington  , Marko Ivanković  Google; Universität Passau  , Gordon Fraser  University of Passau 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Using Large-scale Heterogeneous Graph Representation Learning for Code Review Recommendations at Microsoft   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Jiyang Zhang  University of Texas at Austin  , Chandra Maddila  Microsoft Research  , Ramakrishna Bairi  Microsoft Research  , Christian Bird  Microsoft Research  , Ujjwal Raizada  Microsoft Research  , Apoorva Agrawal  Microsoft Research  , Yamini Jhawar  Microsoft Research  , Kim Herzig  Microsoft  , Arie van Deursen  Delft University of Technology    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | A mixed-methods analysis of micro-collaborative coding practices in OpenStack   Journal-First Papers   
 Armstrong Foundjem  Queen's University  , Eleni Constantinou  University of Cyprus  , Tom Mens  University of Mons  , Bram Adams  Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Program repair techniques and applications Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Xuan-Bach D. Le  University of Melbourne 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Better Automatic Program Repair by Using Bug Reports and Tests Together   Technical Track   
 Manish Motwani  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Yuriy Brun  University of Massachusetts    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | CCTEST: Testing and Repairing Code Completion Systems   Technical Track   
 Li Zongjie   , Chaozheng Wang  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Zhibo Liu  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Haoxuan Wang  EPFL  , Dong Chen  HKUST  , Shuai Wang  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Cuiyun Gao  Harbin Institute of Technology 
 11:30   
 7m    
 Talk | A Controlled Experiment of Different Code Representations for Learning-Based Program Repair   Journal-First Papers   
 Marjane Namavar  University of British Columbia  , Noor Nashid  University of British Columbia  , Ali Mesbah  University of British Columbia (UBC)    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 
 11:37   
 7m    
 Talk | Patching Locking Bugs Statically with Crayons   Journal-First Papers   
 Juan Alfredo Cruz-Carlon  IT University of Copenhagen  , Mahsa Varshosaz  IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark  , Claire Le Goues  Carnegie Mellon University  , Andrzej Wąsowski  IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | KNOD: Domain Knowledge Distilled Tree Decoder for Automated Program Repair   Technical Track   
 Nan Jiang  Purdue University  , Thibaud Lutellier  University of Alberta  , Yiling Lou  Fudan University  , Lin Tan  Purdue University  , Dan Goldwasser  Purdue University  , Xiangyu Zhang  Purdue University    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Rete: Learning Namespace Representation for Program Repair      Technical Track   
 Nikhil Parasaram  University College London  , Earl T. Barr  University College London  , Sergey Mechtaev  University College London    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Cerberus: a Program Repair Framework   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Ridwan Salihin Shariffdeen  National University of Singapore  , Martin Mirchev  National University of Singapore  , Yannic Noller  National University of Singapore  , Abhik Roychoudhury  National University of Singapore 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Predicting Patch Correctness Based on the Similarity of Failing Test Cases   Journal-First Papers   
 Haoye Tian  University of Luxembourg  , Yinghua LI  University of Luxembourg  , Weiguo Pian  University of Luxembourg  , Abdoul Kader Kaboré  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Kui Liu  Huawei Software Engineering Application Technology Lab  , Andrew Habib  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Jacques Klein  University of Luxembourg  , Tegawendé F. Bissyandé  SnT, University of Luxembourg 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Requirements elicitation and understanding Technical Track  / SEIS - Software Engineering in Society  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / Showcase   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Jane Cleland-Huang  University of Notre Dame 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | AI-based Question Answering Assistance for Analyzing Natural-language Requirements   Technical Track   
 Saad Ezzini  Lancaster University  , Sallam Abualhaija  University of Luxembourg  , Chetan Arora  Monash University  , Mehrdad Sabetzadeh  University of Ottawa    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Strategies, Benefits and Challenges of App Store-inspired Requirements Elicitation   Technical Track   
 Alessio Ferrari  CNR-ISTI  , Paola Spoletini  Kennesaw State University    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | BARA: A Dynamic State-based Serious Game for Teaching Requirements Elicitation   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Yu Liu  Beijing University of Technology  , Tong Li  Beijing University of Technology  , Zheqing Huang  Beijing University of Technology  , Zhen Yang  Beijing University of Technology 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Experience report | Hackathons as Inclusive Spaces for Prototyping Software in Open Social Innovation with NGOs   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Kiev Gama  UFPE  , George Valença  UFRPE  , Candy Estelle Marques Laurendon  UFPE  , Ájò Nasidí  UFPE  , Luis Eduardo Ramos  UFPE  , Ravena Amaral  UFPE  , Clarissa Barros  FPS  , Guilherme Xavier  UFPE 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Theory as a Source of Software Requirements   Showcase   
 Ruzanna Chitchyan  University of Bristol 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Question Answering for Improved Understanding of Compliance Requirements: A Multi-Document Study   Showcase   
 Sallam Abualhaija  University of Luxembourg  , Chetan Arora  Monash University  , Amin Sleimi  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Software verification Journal-First Papers  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Youcheng Sun  The University of Manchester 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Data-driven Recurrent Set Learning For Non-termination Analysis   Technical Track   
 Zhilei Han  Tsinghua University  , Fei He  Tsinghua University 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Compiling Parallel Symbolic Execution with Continuations   Technical Track   
 Guannan Wei  Purdue University  , Songlin Jia  Purdue University  , Ruiqi Gao  Purdue University  , Haotian Deng  Purdue University  , Shangyin Tan  UC Berkeley  , Oliver Bračevac  Purdue University  , Tiark Rompf  Purdue University    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Verifying Data Constraint Equivalence in FinTech Systems   Technical Track   
 Chengpeng Wang  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Gang Fan  Ant Group  , Peisen Yao  Zhejing University  , Fuxiong Pan  Ant Group  , Charles Zhang  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Tolerate Control-Flow Changes for Sound Data Race Prediction   Technical Track   
 Shihao Zhu  State Key Laboratory of Computer Science,Institute of Software,Chinese Academy of Sciences,China  , Yuqi Guo  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China  , Long Zhang  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Yan Cai  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | TSVD4J: Thread-Safety Violation Detection for Java   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Shanto Rahman  University of Texas at Austin  , Chengpeng Li  University of Texas at Austin  , August Shi  University of Texas at Austin 
 12:07   
 7m    
 Talk | What Petri Nets Oblige Us to Say Comparing Approaches for Behavior Composition   Journal-First Papers   
 Achiya Elyasaf  Ben-Gurion University of the Negev  , Tom Yaacov  Ben-Gurion University of the Negev  , Gera Weiss  Ben-Gurion University of the Negev    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | A Novel and Pragmatic Scenario Modeling Framework with Verification-in-the-loop for Autonomous Driving Systems   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Dehui Du  East China Normal University  , Bo Li  East China Normal University  , Chenghang Zheng  East China Normal University 

 11:00 - 12:30 | SCORE SCORE 2023   at Meeting Room 107 
 11:00   
 5m    
 Day opening | SCORE 2023 Introduction   SCORE 2023 
 11:05   
 15m    
 Talk | DSEC: A Data Analyzer tool for ensuring secure software development life-cycle   SCORE 2023   
 André Schjøth   , Giovanni Demasi   , Lorenzo Poletti   , Lucija Strejček   , Jan Rocek   , Kristian Djaković 
 11:20   
 15m    
 Talk | PDFL - PDF Legacy, Smart Paper Reader   SCORE 2023   
 Matteo Visotto  Politecnico di Milano  , Paolo Corsa   , Ettore Zamponi  Politecnico di Milano  , Salvatore Gabriele Karra  Politecnico di Milano  , Tonio Ercegović   , Nina Gnjidić   , Dario Mesic 
 11:35   
 15m    
 Talk | CodeDefenders: RoboTournament - CodeBenders team   SCORE 2023   
 Dominik Brdar   , Fanny Delnondedieu   , Hrvoje Rom   , Simone Mezzaro   , Riccardo Nava   , Fabio Patella   , Andrea Restelli 
 11:50   
 15m    
 Talk | PrivTAP: Privacy-preserving Trigger-action IoT Platform   SCORE 2023   
 Enna Basic   , Michele Benedetti  Mälardalen University  , Leonardo Panseri  Politecnico di Milano  , Ivan Radonjic  Mälardalen University  , Emanuele Santoro  Politecnico di Milano  , Alessandro Sassi   , Lorenzo Maria Vaccarini 
 12:05   
 25m    
 Meeting | (Private) SCORE PC meeting   SCORE 2023 

 11:00 - 12:30 | SRC Presentations SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   at Meeting Room 108 
 11:00   
 90m    
 Demonstration | SRC Presentations   SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
 Muneera Bano  CSIRO's Data61  , Lingxiao Jiang  Singapore Management University 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Testing of mobile, web and games Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 109   
  Chair(s): Wei Yang  University of Texas at Dallas 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Fill in the Blank: Context-aware Automated Text Input Generation for Mobile GUI Testing   Technical Track   
 Zhe Liu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Chunyang Chen  Monash University  , Junjie Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Xing Che  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Yuekai Huang  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Jun Hu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Qing Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Detecting Dialog-Related Keyboard Navigation Failures in Web Applications   Technical Track   
 Paul T. Chiou  University of Southern California  , Ali S. Alotaibi  University of Southern California  , William G.J. Halfond  University of Southern California 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | COLUMBUS: Android App Testing Through Systematic Callback Exploration   Technical Track   
 Priyanka Bose  University of California, Santa Barbara  , Dipanjan Das  University of California, Santa Barbara  , Saastha Vasan  University of California, Santa Barbara  , Sebastiano Mariani  VMware, Inc.  , Ilya Grishchenko  University of California, Santa Barbara  , Andrea Continella  University of Twente  , Antonio Bianchi  Purdue University  , Christopher Kruegel  University of California, Santa Barbara  , Giovanni Vigna  UC Santa Barbara 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | GameRTS: A Regression Testing Framework for Video Games   Technical Track   
 Jiongchi Yu  Singapore Management University, Singapore  , Yuechen Wu  Fuxi AI Lab, Netease Inc., China  , Xiaofei Xie  Singapore Management University  , Wei Le  Iowa State University  , Lei Ma  University of Alberta  , Yingfeng Chen  Fuxi AI Lab of Netease  , Yujing Hu  Fuxi AI Lab, Netease Inc., China  , Fan Zhang  Zhejiang University, China 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Widget Detection-based Testing for Industrial Mobile Games   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Xiongfei Wu  Kyushu University  , Jiaming Ye  Kyushu University  , Ke Chen  Fuxi AI Lab of Netease  , Xiaofei Xie  Singapore Management University  , Yujing Hu  Fuxi AI Lab, Netease Inc., China  , Ruochen Huang  University of Alberta  , Lei Ma  University of Alberta  , Jianjun Zhao  Kyushu University 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | AVGUST: A Tool for Generating Usage-Based Tests from Videos of App Executions   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Saghar Talebipour  University of Southern California  , Hyojae Park  Sharon High School  , Kesina Baral  George Mason University  , Leon Yee  Valley Christian High School  , Safwat Ali Khan  George Mason University  , Kevin Moran  George Mason University  , Yuriy Brun  University of Massachusetts  , Nenad Medvidović  University of Southern California  , Yixue Zhao  Information Sciences Institute    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Fragment-Based Test Generation For Web Apps   Journal-First Papers   
 Rahulkrishna Yandrapally  University of British Columbia, Canada  , Ali Mesbah  University of British Columbia (UBC)    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | FOSE-Testing, Security, AI and Productivity FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   at Meeting Room 110   
  Chair(s): Hoa Khanh Dam  University of Wollongong 
 11:00   
 10m    
 Talk | The Future of Software Testing   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Aldeida Aleti  Monash University 
 11:10   
 10m    
 Talk | The Future of Software Security: Beyond the Security Silo to All of Us   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Laurie Williams  North Carolina State University 
 11:20   
 10m    
 Talk | Enabling Flow in Software Development   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Gail Murphy  University of British Columbia 
 11:30   
 10m    
 Talk | How is the rapid progress in Artificial Intelligence affecting the future of Software Engineering?   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa 
 11:40   
 50m    
 Panel | Panel discussion   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Technical Briefing 4a Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 111 
 11:00   
 90m    
 Talk | Conducting Eye Tracking Studies in Software Engineering - Methodology and Pipeline   Technical Briefings   
 Bonita Sharif  University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA  , Andrew Begel  Carnegie Mellon University  , Jonathan I. Maletic  Kent State University    
  File Attached 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Industry forum 1 Industry Forum   at Meeting Room 112   
  Chair(s): Kelly Blincoe  University of Auckland 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Boosting Static Analysis with Dynamic Runtime Data at WhatsApp Server   Industry Forum   
 Matteo Marescotti  Meta  , Ákos Hajdu  Meta  , Dino Distefano  Meta  , Ke Mao  Meta 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Personalized action suggestions in low-code automation platforms   Industry Forum   
 Saksham Gupta  Microsoft  , Gust Verbruggen  Microsoft  , Mukul Singh  Microsoft  , Sumit Gulwani  Microsoft  , Vu Le  Microsoft 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Towards formal repair and verification of industry-scale deep neural networks   Industry Forum   
 Satoshi Munakata  Fujitsu  , Susumu Tokumoto  Fujitsu Limited  , Koji Yamamoto  Fujitsu  , Kazuki Munakata  Fujitsu 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Challenges and Solution Strategies to Setup an MLOps Process to Develop and Assess a Driverless Regional Train Example   Industry Forum   
 Marc Zeller  Siemens AG  , Martin Rothfelder  Siemens AG  , Cornel Klein  Siemens AG 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Feature Document Review via Interpretable Deep Learning   Industry Forum   
 yeming  ZTE Corporation  , Yuanfan Chen  ZTE Corporation  , Xin Zhang  Peking University  , Jinning He  ZTE  , Jicheng Cao  ZTE Corporation  , Dong Liu  ZTE  , Shengyu Cheng  ZTE Corporation  , Jing Gao  ZTE Corporation  , Hailiang Dai  ZTE Corporation 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Recommender systems DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Journal-First Papers   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Kevin Moran  George Mason University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Autonomy Is An Acquired Taste: Exploring Developer Preferences for GitHub Bots   Technical Track   
 Amir Ghorbani  University of Victoria  , Nathan Cassee  Eindhoven University of Technology  , Derek Robinson  University of Victoria  , Adam Alami  Aalborg University  , Neil Ernst  University of Victoria  , Alexander Serebrenik  Eindhoven University of Technology  , Andrzej Wąsowski  IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Flexible and Optimal Dependency Management via Max-SMT   Technical Track   
 Donald Pinckney  Northeastern University  , Federico Cassano  Northeastern University  , Arjun Guha  Northeastern University and Roblox Research  , Jonathan Bell  Northeastern University  , Massimiliano Culpo  np-complete, S.r.l.  , Todd Gamblin  Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Towards More Effective AI-assisted Programming: A Systematic Design Exploration to Improve Visual Studio IntelliCode's User Experience   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Priyan Vaithilingam  Harvard University  , Elena Glassman  Harvard University  , Peter Groenwegen   , Sumit Gulwani  Microsoft  , Austin Z. Henley  Microsoft  , Rohan Malpani   , David Pugh   , Arjun Radhakrishna  Microsoft  , Gustavo Soares  Microsoft  , Joey Wang   , Aaron Yim 
 14:30   
 7m    
 Talk | DeepLog: Deep-Learning-Based Log Recommendation   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Yang Zhang  Hebei University of Science and Technology  , Xiaosong Chang  Hebei University of Science and Technology  , Lining Fang  Hebei University of Science and Technology  , Yifan Lu  Hebei University of Science and Technology 
 14:37   
 7m    
 Talk | ShellFusion: An Answer Generator for Shell Programming Tasks via Knowledge Fusion   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Zhongqi Chen  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Neng Zhang  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Pengyue Si  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , ChenQinde  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Chao Liu  Chongqing University  , Zibin Zheng  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Revisiting, Benchmarking and Exploring API Recommendation: How Far are We?   Journal-First Papers   
 Yun Peng  Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Shuqing Li  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Wenwei Gu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Yichen LI  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Wenxuan Wang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Cuiyun Gao  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Michael Lyu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Semantically-enhanced Topic Recommendation Systems for Software Projects   Journal-First Papers   
 Maliheh Izadi  Delft University of Technology  , Mahtab Nejati  University of Waterloo  , Abbas Heydarnoori  Bowling Green State University 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Code Librarian: A Software Package Recommendation System   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Lili Tao  JP Morgan Chase & Co  , Alexandru-Petre Cazan  JP Morgan Chase & Co  , Senad Ibraimoski  JP Morgan Chase & Co  , Sean Moran  JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Diversity and inclusion in SE SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Xiao Liu  School of Information Technology, Deakin University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Paper | At the Margins: Marginalized Groups' Ethical Concerns about Software   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Lauren Olson  Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam  , Emitzá Guzmán  Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam  , Florian Kunneman  Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam    
  Pre-print   File Attached 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Paper | Do Users Act Equitably? Understanding User Bias Through a Large In-Person Study   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Yang Liu  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Heather Moses  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Mark Sternefeld  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Samuel Malachowsky  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Daniel Krutz  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Paper | Developing Software for Diverse Socio-Economic End Users: Lessons Learned from A Case Study of Fisherfolk Communities in Bangladesh   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Tanjila Kanij  Monash University  , Misita Anwar  Monash University  , Gillian Oliver  Monash University  , Md Khalid Hossain  Monash Universit 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Full-paper | Walking Down the Road to Independent Mobility: An Adaptive Route Training System for the Cognitively Impaired   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Konstantin Rink  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences  , Tristan Gruschka  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences  , Patrick Palsbröker  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences  , Marcos Baez  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences  , Dominic Becking  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences  , Udo Seelmeyer  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences  , Gudrun Dobslaw  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences  , Patricia Stolz  Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Paper | Diversity Awareness in Software Engineering Participant Research   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Riya Dutta  Concordia University  , Diego Costa  Concordia University, Canada  , Emad Shihab  Concordia Univeristy  , Tanja Tajmel  Concordia University    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Vision and Emerging Results | Harmful Terms in Computing: Towards Widespread Detection and Correction   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Hana Winchester  Saint Ursula Academy  , Alicia Boyd  New York University  , Brittany Johnson  George Mason University 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Program repair with and for AI Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Julia Rubin  University of British Columbia, Canada 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Impact of Code Language Models on Automated Program Repair   Technical Track   
 Nan Jiang  Purdue University  , Kevin Liu  Lynbrook High School  , Thibaud Lutellier  University of Alberta  , Lin Tan  Purdue University    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Tare: Type-Aware Neural Program Repair   Technical Track   
 Qihao Zhu  Peking University  , Zeyu Sun  Zhongguancun Laboratory  , Wenjie Zhang  Peking University  , Yingfei Xiong  Peking University  , Lu Zhang  Peking University 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Template-based Neural Program Repair   Technical Track   
 Xiangxin Meng  Beihang University, Beijing, China  , Xu Wang  Beihang University  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Hailong Sun  School of Computer Science and Engineering, Beihang University, Beijing,China  , Xudong Liu  Beihang University  , Chunming Hu  Beihang University    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Repair of Programs from Large Language Models   Technical Track   
 Zhiyu Fan  National University of Singapore, Singapore  , Xiang Gao  Beihang University, China  , Martin Mirchev  National University of Singapore  , Abhik Roychoudhury  National University of Singapore  , Shin Hwei Tan  Southern University of Science and Technology 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Program Repair in the Era of Large Pre-trained Language Models   Technical Track   
 Chunqiu Steven Xia  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Yuxiang Wei  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Lingming Zhang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | AIREPAIR: A Repair Platform for Neural Networks   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Xidan Song  Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester, UK  , Youcheng Sun  The University of Manchester  , Mustafa A. Mustafa  Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester, UK, imec-COSIC, KU Leuven, Belgium  , Lucas C. Cordeiro  University of Manchester 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Arachne: Search Based Repair of Deep Neural Networks   Journal-First Papers   
 Jeongju Sohn  University of Luxembourg  , Sungmin Kang  KAIST  , Shin Yoo  KAIST    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Programming languages DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   at Meeting Room 103   
  Chair(s): Jean-Guy Schneider  Monash University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Demystifying Issues, Challenges, and Solutions for Multilingual Software Development   Technical Track   
 Haoran Yang  Washington State University  , Weile Lian  Washington State University  , Shaowei Wang  University of Manitoba  , Haipeng Cai  Washington State University    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Testability Refactoring in Pull Requests: Patterns and Trends   Technical Track   
 Pavel Reich  University of Hamburg  , Walid Maalej  University of Hamburg    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Usability-Oriented Design of Liquid Types for Java   Technical Track   
 Catarina Gamboa  CMU and LASIGE  , Paulo Canelas  Carnegie Mellon University  , Christopher Steven Timperley  Carnegie Mellon University  , Alcides Fonseca  University of Lisbon    
  DOI 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | A Theorem Proving Approach to Programming Language Semantics   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Subhajit Roy  IIT Kanpur 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | RIdiom: Automatically Refactoring Non-idiomatic Python Code with Pythonic Idioms   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 zejun zhang  Australian National University  , Zhenchang Xing  CSIRO’s Data61; Australian National University  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | An Empirical Study of Data Constraint Implementations in Java   Journal-First Papers   
 Juan Manuel Florez  CQSE America  , Laura Moreno  CQSE America  , Zenong Zhang  The University of Texas at Dallas  , Shiyi Wei  University of Texas at Dallas  , Andrian Marcus  University of Texas at Dallas 
 14:59   
 7m    
 Talk | Learning To Predict User-Defined Types   Journal-First Papers   
 Kevin Jesse  University of California at Davis, USA  , Prem Devanbu  University of California at Davis  , Anand Ashok Sawant  University of California, Davis 

 13:45 - 15:15 | AI bias and fairness DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Amel Bennaceur  The Open University, UK 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Towards Understanding Fairness and its Composition in Ensemble Machine Learning   Technical Track   
 Usman Gohar  Dept. of Computer Science, Iowa State University  , Sumon Biswas  Carnegie Mellon University  , Hridesh Rajan  Iowa State University    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Fairify: Fairness Verification of Neural Networks   Technical Track   
 Sumon Biswas  Carnegie Mellon University  , Hridesh Rajan  Iowa State University    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Leveraging Feature Bias for Scalable Misprediction Explanation of Machine Learning Models   Technical Track   
 Jiri Gesi  University of California, Irvine  , Xinyun Shen  University of California, Irvine  , Yunfan Geng  University of California, Irvine  , Qihong Chen  University of California, Irvine  , Iftekhar Ahmed  University of California at Irvine 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Information-Theoretic Testing and Debugging of Fairness Defects in Deep Neural Networks   Technical Track   
 Verya Monjezi  University of Texas at El Paso  , Ashutosh Trivedi  University of Colorado Boulder  , Gang (Gary) Tan  Pennsylvania State University  , Saeid Tizpaz-Niari  University of Texas at El Paso    
  Pre-print 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Seldonian Toolkit: Building Software with Safe and Fair Machine Learning   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Austin Hoag  Berkeley Existential Risk Initiative  , James E. Kostas  University of Massachusetts  , Bruno Castro da Silva  University of Massachusetts  , Philip S. Thomas  University of Massachusetts  , Yuriy Brun  University of Massachusetts    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | What Would You do? An Ethical AI Quiz   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Wei Teo  Monash University  , Ze Teoh  Monash University  , Dayang Abang Arabi  Monash University  , Morad Aboushadi  Monash University  , Khairenn Lai  Monash University  , Zhe Ng  Monash University  , Aastha Pant  Monash Univeristy  , Rashina Hoda  Monash University  , Kla Tantithamthavorn  Monash University  , Burak Turhan  University of Oulu    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Search-Based Fairness Testing for Regression-Based Machine Learning Systems   Journal-First Papers   
 Anjana Perera  Oracle Labs, Australia  , Aldeida Aleti  Monash University  , Kla Tantithamthavorn  Monash University  , Jirayus Jiarpakdee  Monash University, Australia  , Burak Turhan  University of Oulu  , Lisa Kuhn  Monash University  , Katie Walker  Monash University    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | FairMask: Better Fairness via Model-based Rebalancing of Protected Attributes   Journal-First Papers   
 Kewen Peng  North Carolina State University  , Tim Menzies  North Carolina State University  , Joymallya Chakraborty  North Carolina State University    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Requirements engineering DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Showcase  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Luciano Baresi  Politecnico di Milano 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Demystifying Privacy Policy of Third-Party Libraries in Mobile Apps   Technical Track   
 Kaifa ZHAO  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Xian Zhan  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Le Yu  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Shiyao Zhou  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Hao Zhou  Department of Computing, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong, China  , Xiapu Luo  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Haoyu Wang  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yepang Liu  Southern University of Science and Technology    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Cross-Domain Requirements Linking via Adversarial-based Domain Adaptation   Technical Track   
 Zhiyuan Chang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Mingyang Li  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Qing Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Shoubin Li  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Junjie Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | DocToModel: Automated Authoring of Models from Diverse Requirements Specification Documents   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Asha Rajbhoj  TCS Research  , Padmalata Nistala  TCS Research  , Vinay Kulkarni  Tata Consultancy Services Research  , Shivani Soni  TCS Research  , Ajim Pathan  TCS Research 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Environment-Driven Abstraction Identification for Requirements-Based Testing   Showcase   
 Zedong Peng   , Prachi Rathod   , Nan Niu  University of Cincinnati  , Tanmay Bhowmik  Mississippi State University  , Hui Liu  Beijing Institute of Technology  , Lin Shi  ISCAS  , Zhi Jin  Peking University 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | A Web-Based Tool for Using Storyboard of Android Apps   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Yuxin Zhang  Tianjin University  , Sen Chen  Tianjin University  , Lingling Fan  Nankai University 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | InputGen: A Tool for Automatic Generation of Prototype Inputs to Support Rapid Requirements Validation   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Shuanglong Chang  Northeast Petroleum University  , Juntao Gao  Northeast Petroleum University  , Yilong Yang  Beihang University 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | A Software Requirements Ecosystem: Linking Forum, Issue Tracker, and FAQs for Requirements Management   Journal-First Papers   
 James Tizard  University of Auckland  , Peter Devine  The University of Auckland  , Hechen Wang  University of Auckland  , Kelly Blincoe  University of Auckland 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Towards Human-Centred Crowd Computing: Software for Better Use of Computational Resources   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Niroshinie Fernando  Deakin University  , Chetan Arora  Monash University  , Seng W.Loke  Deakin University  , Lubna Alam  Deakin University  , Stephen La Macchia  Deakin University  , Helen Graesser  Deakin University    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | SE for security 2 Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Cristian Cadar  Imperial College London, UK 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | SLR: From Saltzer & Schoeder to 2021…   Journal-First Papers   
 Nikhil Patnaik  University of Bristol  , Andrew C Dwyer  University of Durham  , Joseph Hallett   , Awais Rashid  University of Bristol, UK 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | On-Demand Security Requirements Synthesis with Relational Generative Adversarial Networks (RelGAN)   Technical Track   
 Viktoria Koscinski  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Sara Hashemi  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Mehdi Mirakhorli  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Measuring Secure Coding Practice and Culture: A Finger Pointing at the Moon is not the Moon   Technical Track   
 Ita Ryan  University College Cork  , Utz Roedig  University College Cork  , Klaas-Jan Stol  Lero; University College Cork; SINTEF Digital    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | What Challenges Do Developers Face About Checked-in Secrets in Software Artifacts?   Technical Track   
 Setu Kumar Basak  North Carolina State University  , Lorenzo Neil  North Carolina State University  , Bradley Reaves  North Carolina State University  , Laurie Williams  North Carolina State University    
  Pre-print 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Lejacon: A Lightweight and Efficient Approach to Java Confidential Computing on SGX      Technical Track   
 Xinyuan Miao  Shanghai Jiao Tong University  , Ziyi Lin  Alibaba Group  , Shaojun Wang  Alibaba Group  , Lei Yu  Alibaba Group  , Sanhong Li  Alibaba Inc.  , Zihan Wang  Shanghai Jiao Tong University  , Pengbo Nie  Shanghai Jiao Tong University  , Yuting Chen  Shanghai Jiao Tong University  , Beijun Shen  Shanghai Jiao Tong University  , He Jiang  Dalian University of Technology    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Keyword Extraction From Specification Documents for Planning Security Mechanisms   Technical Track   
 Jeffy Jahfar Poozhithara  Apple Inc. and University of Washington Bothell  , Hazeline Asuncion  University of Washington Bothell  , Brent Lagesse  University of Washington Bothell    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Software Evolution Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 109   
  Chair(s): Sebastiano Panichella  Zurich University of Applied Sciences 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Dependency Facade: The Coupling and Conflicts between Android Framework and Its Customization   Technical Track   
 Wuxia Jin  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Yitong Dai  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Jianguo Zheng  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Yu Qu  UC Riverside  , Ming Fan  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Zhenyu Huang  Honor Device Co., Ltd.  , Dezhi Huang  Honor Device Co., Ltd.  , Ting Liu  Xi'an Jiaotong University 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | SEIP: Investigating a NASA Cyclomatic Complexity Policy on Maintenance Risk of a Critical System   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Daniel Port  University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa  , Bill Taber   , LiGuo Huang  Dept. of Computer Science, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, TX, 75205 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Aegis: Attribution of Control Plane Change Impact across Layers and Components for Cloud Systems   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Xiaohan Yan  Microsoft Azure  , Ken Hsieh   , Yasitha Liyanage   , Minghua Ma  Microsoft Research  , Murali Chintalapati  Microsoft Azure  , Qingwei Lin  Microsoft Research  , Yingnong Dang  Microsoft Azure  , Dongmei Zhang  Microsoft Research 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | An Empirical Study on Change-induced Incidents at Ant Group   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Yifan Wu  Peking University  , Bingxu Chai   , Ying Li  School of Software and Microelectronics, Peking University, Beijing, China  , Bingchang Liu  Key Laboratory of Network Assessment Technology, Institute of Information Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China; School of CyberSpace Security at University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China  , Jianguo Li  Ant Group  , Yong Yang   , Wei Jiang 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Fulfilling Industrial Needs for Consistency Among Engineering Artifacts   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Luciano Marchezan  Johannes Kepler University Linz  , Wesley Assunção  Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria & Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  , Edvin Herac   , Felix Keplinger  Johannes Kepler University, Linz  , Alexander Egyed  Johannes Kepler University Linz  , Christophe Lauwerys 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | The Co-evolution of the WordPress Platform and its Plugins   Journal-First Papers   
 Jiahuei Lin  Queen’s University Software Analysis and Intelligence Lab (SAIL), Canada  , Mohammed Sayagh  ETS Montreal, University of Quebec  , Ahmed E. Hassan  Queen’s University 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Client-Specific Upgrade Compatibility Checking via Knowledge-Guided Discovery   Journal-First Papers   
 Chenguang Zhu  Meta  , Mengshi Zhang  Meta  , Xiuheng Wu  Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  , Xiufeng Xu  Nanyang Technological University  , Yi Li  Nanyang Technological University    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Test quality and improvement Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 110   
  Chair(s): Guowei Yang  University of Queensland 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Test Selection for Unified Regression Testing   Technical Track   
 Shuai Wang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Xinyu Lian  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Darko Marinov  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Tianyin Xu  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | ATM: Black-box Test Case Minimization based on Test Code Similarity and Evolutionary Search   Technical Track   
 Rongqi Pan  University of Ottawa  , Taher A Ghaleb  University of Ottawa  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Measuring and Mitigating Gaps in Structural Testing   Technical Track   
 Soneya Binta Hossain  University of Virginia  , Matthew B Dwyer  University of Virginia  , Sebastian Elbaum  University of Virginia  , Anh Nguyen-Tuong  University of Virginia    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 7m    
 Talk | FlaPy: Mining Flaky Python Tests at Scale   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Martin Gruber  BMW Group, University of Passau  , Gordon Fraser  University of Passau    
  Pre-print 
 14:37   
 7m    
 Talk | Scalable and Accurate Test Case Prioritization in Continuous Integration Contexts   Journal-First Papers   
 Ahmadreza Saboor Yaraghi  University of Ottawa  , Mojtaba Bagherzadeh  University of Ottawa  , Nafiseh Kahani  University of Carlton  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Flakify: A Black-Box, Language Model-based Predictor for Flaky Tests   Journal-First Papers   
 Sakina Fatima  University of Ottawa  , Taher A Ghaleb  University of Ottawa  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Developer-centric test amplification   Journal-First Papers   
 Carolin Brandt  Delft University of Technology  , Andy Zaidman  Delft University of Technology    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | How Developers Engineer Test Cases: An Observational Study   Journal-First Papers   
 Maurício Aniche  Delft University of Technology  , Christoph Treude  University of Melbourne  , Andy Zaidman  Delft University of Technology    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Technical Briefing 4b Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 111 
 13:45   
 90m    
 Talk | Conducting Eye Tracking Studies in Software Engineering - Methodology and Pipeline   Technical Briefings   
 Bonita Sharif  University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA  , Andrew Begel  Carnegie Mellon University  , Jonathan I. Maletic  Kent State University    
  File Attached 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Industry forum 2 Industry Forum   at Meeting Room 112   
  Chair(s): Steve Versteeg  Microsoft 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Challenges of Testing an Evolving Cancer Registration Support System in Practice   Industry Forum   
 Christoph Laaber  Simula Research Laboratory  , Tao Yue  Simula Research Laboratory  , Shaukat Ali  Simula Research Laboratory  , Thomas Schwitalla  Cancer Registry of Norway  , Jan F. Nygård  Cancer Registry of Norway 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Can we Knapsack Software Defect Prediction? Nokia 5G Case   Industry Forum   
 Szymon Stradowski  Nokia & Wrocław University of Science and Technology  , Lech Madeyski  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | UnitTestBot: Automated Unit Test Generation for C Code in Integrated Development Environments   Industry Forum   
 Dmitry Ivanov  Huawei  , Alexey Babushkin   , Saveliy Grigoryev  Huawei  , Pavel Iatchenii   , Vladislav Kalugin  Huawei  , Egor Kichin  Huawei  , Egor Kulikov  Huawei  , Aleksandr Misonizhnik  Saint-Petersburg State University  , Dmitry Mordvinov  Huawei  , Sergey Morozov  Huawei  , Olga Naumenko  Huawei  , Alexey Pleshakov   , Pavel Ponomarev  Meta; Georgia Institute of Technology  , Svetlana Shmidt  Huawei  , Alexey Utkin   , Vadim Volodin   , Arseniy Volynets 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Challenges of Evolving Legacy Software in a Small Team   Industry Forum   
 Bowie Owens  CSIRO  , Geoffrey Lee  CSIRO  , Zili Zhu  CSIRO  , Thomas Lo  CSIRO 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Prioritizing Industrial Security Findings in Agile Software Development Projects   Industry Forum   
 Markus Voggenreiter  Siemens Technology / LMU Munich  , Ulrich Schöpp  fortiss GmbH 
 15:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Enhancing Maritime Data Standardization and Integrity using Docker and Blockchain   Industry Forum   
 Shuai Wang  DNV AS  , Nikita Karandikar  DNV AS  , Knut Erik Knutsen  DNV AS  , Xiao Gang Tony Tong  DNV Global  , Tom Edseth  DNV AS  , Zealo Xu Zile  DNV Global 

 15:15 - 15:45 | Posters 2 SEIS - Software Engineering in Society  / Technical Track  / Posters  / Showcase   at Meeting Room 105 
 15:15   
 2m    
 Short-paper | Values@Runtime: An Adaptive Framework for Operationalising Values   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Amel Bennaceur  The Open University, UK  , Diane Hassett  Lero, University of Limerick, Ireland  , Bashar Nuseibeh  The Open University, UK; Lero, University of Limerick, Ireland  , Andrea Zisman  The Open University, UK 
 15:17   
 2m    
 Talk | PExReport: Automatic Creation of Pruned Executable Cross-Project Failure Reports   Technical Track   
 Sunzhou Huang  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Xiaoyin Wang  University of Texas at San Antonio    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 15:19   
 2m    
 Talk | Chronos: Time-Aware Zero-Shot Identification of Libraries from Vulnerability Reports   Technical Track   
 Yunbo Lyu  Singapore Management University  , Le-Cong Thanh  The University of Melbourne  , Hong Jin Kang  UCLA  , Ratnadira Widyasari  Singapore Management University, Singapore  , Zhipeng Zhao  Singapore Management University  , Xuan-Bach D. Le  University of Melbourne  , Ming Li  Nanjing University  , David Lo  Singapore Management University    
  Pre-print 
 15:21   
 2m    
 Short-paper | Contradicting Motivations in Civic Tech Software Development: Analysis of a Grassroots Project   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Antti Knutas  LUT University  , Dominik Siemon  LUT University  , Natasha Tylosky  LUT University  , Giovanni Maccani  Ideas for Change    
  Pre-print 
 15:24   
 2m    
 Talk | Usability-Oriented Design of Liquid Types for Java   Technical Track   
 Catarina Gamboa  CMU and LASIGE  , Paulo Canelas  Carnegie Mellon University  , Christopher Steven Timperley  Carnegie Mellon University  , Alcides Fonseca  University of Lisbon    
  DOI 
 15:26   
 2m    
 Talk | When to Say What: Learning to Find Condition-Message Inconsistencies   Technical Track   
 Islem BOUZENIA  University of Stuttgart  , Michael Pradel  University of Stuttgart    
  Pre-print 
 15:31   
 2m    
 Poster | GLAD: Neural Predicate Synthesis to Repair Omission Faults   Posters   
 Sungmin Kang  KAIST  , Shin Yoo  KAIST 
 15:33   
 2m    
 Short-paper | Gender Representation Among Contributors to Open-Source Infrastructure - An Analysis of 20 Package Manager Ecosystems   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Huilian Sophie Qiu  Carnegie Mellon University  , Zihe H Zhao  Rice University  , Tielin Katy Yu  Carnegie Mellon University  , Justin Wang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Alexander Ma  Carnegie Mellon University  , Hongbo Fang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Laura Dabbish  Carnegie Mellon University  , Bogdan Vasilescu  Carnegie Mellon University 
 15:35   
 2m    
 Short-paper | Software Engineering for Smart Things in Public Spaces: Initial Insights and Challenges   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Amna Batool  Deakin University  , Seng W.Loke  Deakin University  , Niroshinie Fernando  Deakin University  , Jonathan Kua  Deakin University 
 15:38   
 2m    
 Short-paper | Workplace Discrimination in Software Engineering: Where We Stand Today   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Xin Zhao  Seattle University  , Riley Young  Seattle University 
 15:40   
 2m    
 Talk | A GNN-based Recommender System to Assist the Specification of Metamodels and Models   Showcase   
 Juri Di Rocco  University of L'Aquila  , Claudio Di Sipio  University of L'Aquila  , Davide Di Ruscio  University of L'Aquila  , Phuong T. Nguyen  University of L’Aquila 
 15:42   
 2m    
 Talk | ECSTATIC: An Extensible Framework for Testing and Debugging Configurable Static Analysis   Technical Track   
 Austin Mordahl  University of Texas at Dallas  , Zenong Zhang  The University of Texas at Dallas  , Dakota Soles  The University of Texas at Dallas  , Shiyi Wei  University of Texas at Dallas    
  Pre-print 

 Fri 19 May   
  
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      

 10:30 - 11:00 | Demo Session 3 DEMO - Demonstrations   at Level 1 Exhibtion Space 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | CryptOpt: Automatic Optimization of Straightline Code   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Joel Kuepper  University of Adelaide  , Andres Erbsen  MIT  , Jason Gross  MIT CSAIL  , Owen Conoly  MIT  , Chuyue Sun  Stanford  , Samuel Tian  MIT  , David Wu  University of Adelaide  , Adam Chlipala  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  , Chitchanok Chuengsatiansup  University of Adelaide  , Daniel Genkin  Georgia Tech  , Markus Wagner  Monash University, Australia  , Yuval Yarom  Ruhr University Bochum    
  Link to publication 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Demo Session 3 DEMO - Demonstrations   at Level 1 Exhibtion Space 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | TSVD4J: Thread-Safety Violation Detection for Java   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Shanto Rahman  University of Texas at Austin  , Chengpeng Li  University of Texas at Austin  , August Shi  University of Texas at Austin 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Runtime analysis and self-adaptation Technical Track  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Journal-First Papers   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Domenico Bianculli  University of Luxembourg 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Heterogeneous Anomaly Detection for Software Systems via Semi-supervised Cross-modal Attention   Technical Track   
 Cheryl Lee  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Tianyi Yang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Zhuangbin Chen  Chinese University of Hong Kong, China  , Yuxin Su  Sun Yat-sen University  , Yongqiang Yang  Huawei Technologies  , Michael Lyu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Recommending Root-Cause and Mitigation Steps for Cloud Incidents using Large Language Models   Technical Track   
 Toufique Ahmed  University of California at Davis  , Supriyo Ghosh  Microsoft  , Chetan Bansal  Microsoft Research  , Thomas Zimmermann  Microsoft Research  , Xuchao Zhang  Microsoft  , Saravanakumar Rajmohan  Microsoft 365    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Eadro: An End-to-End Troubleshooting Framework for Microservices on Multi-source Data   Technical Track   
 Cheryl Lee  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Tianyi Yang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Zhuangbin Chen  Chinese University of Hong Kong, China  , Yuxin Su  Sun Yat-sen University  , Michael Lyu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | LogReducer: Identify and Reduce Log Hotspots in Kernel on the Fly   Technical Track   
 Guangba Yu  Sun Yat-Sen University  , Pengfei Chen  Sun Yat-Sen University  , Pairui Li  Tencent Inc.  , Tianjun Weng  Tencent Inc.  , Haibing Zheng  Tencent  , Yuetang Deng  Tencent  , Zibin Zheng  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | TraceArk: Towards Actionable Performance Anomaly Alerting for Online Service Systems   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Zhengran Zeng  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Yuqun Zhang  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Yong Xu  Microsoft Research  , Minghua Ma  Microsoft Research  , Bo Qiao  Microsoft Research  , Wentao Zou   , Qingjun Chen   , Meng Zhang   , Xu Zhang  Microsoft Research  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Xuedong Gao   , Hao Fan   , Saravan Rajmohan  Microsoft 365  , Qingwei Lin  Microsoft Research  , Dongmei Zhang  Microsoft Research 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | ActivFORMS: A Formally-Founded Model-Based Approach to Engineer Self-Adaptive Systems   Journal-First Papers   
 Danny Weyns  KU Leuven  , M. Usman Iftikhar  KU Leuven / Linnaeus University 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Auto-Logging: AI-centred Logging Instrumentation   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Jasmin Bogatinovski  Technical University Berlin  , Odej Kao  Technische Universität Berlin    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | AI testing 2 Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Gunel Jahangirova  USI Lugano, Switzerland 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Aries: Efficient Testing of Deep Neural Networks via Labeling-Free Accuracy Estimation   Technical Track   
 Qiang Hu  University of Luxembourg  , Yuejun GUo  University of Luxembourg  , Xiaofei Xie  Singapore Management University  , Maxime Cordy  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Lei Ma  University of Alberta  , Mike Papadakis  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Yves Le Traon  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg    
  Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Testing the Plasticity of Reinforcement Learning Based Systems   Journal-First Papers   
 Matteo Biagiola  Università della Svizzera italiana  , Paolo Tonella  USI Lugano    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | CC: Causality-Aware Coverage Criterion for Deep Neural Networks   Technical Track   
 Zhenlan Ji  The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Pingchuan Ma  HKUST  , Yuanyuan Yuan  The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Shuai Wang  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Balancing Effectiveness and Flakiness of Non-Deterministic Machine Learning Tests   Technical Track   
 Chunqiu Steven Xia  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Saikat Dutta  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Sasa Misailovic  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Darko Marinov  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Lingming Zhang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Many-Objective Reinforcement Learning for Online Testing of DNN-Enabled Systems   Technical Track   
 Fitash ul haq   , Donghwan Shin  The University of Sheffield  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa    
  Pre-print 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Reliability Assurance for Deep Neural Network Architectures Against Numerical Defects   Technical Track   
 Linyi Li  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Yuhao Zhang  University of Wisconsin-Madison  , Luyao Ren  Peking University, China  , Yingfei Xiong  Peking University  , Tao Xie  Peking University    
  Pre-print 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Developers' forums SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Journal-First Papers  / Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Omar Haggag  Monash University, Australia 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Automatic prediction of rejected edits in Stack Overflow   Journal-First Papers   
 Saikat Mondal  University of Saskatchewan  , Gias Uddin  University of Calgary, Canada  , Chanchal K. Roy  University of Saskatchewan    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Summarization of Stack Overflow Posts   Technical Track   
 Bonan Kou  Purdue University  , Muhao Chen  University of Southern California  , Tianyi Zhang  Purdue University 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Semi-Automatic, Inline and Collaborative Web Page Code Curations   Technical Track   
 Roy Rutishauser  University of Zurich  , André N. Meyer  University of Zurich  , Reid Holmes  University of British Columbia  , Thomas Fritz  University of Zurich 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | You Don’t Know Search: Helping Users Find Code by Automatically Evaluating Alternative Queries   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Rijnard van Tonder  Sourcegraph 
 12:00   
 7m    
 Talk | TECHSUMBOT: A Stack Overflow Answer Summarization Tool for Technical Query   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Chengran Yang  Singapore Management University  , Bowen Xu  Singapore Management University  , Jiakun Liu  Singapore Management University  , David Lo  Singapore Management University 
 12:07   
 8m    
 Talk | An empirical study of question discussions on Stack Overflow   Journal-First Papers   
 Wenhan Zhu  University of Waterloo  , Haoxiang Zhang  Centre for Software Excellence at Huawei Canada  , Ahmed E. Hassan  Queen’s University  , Michael W. Godfrey  University of Waterloo, Canada 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Faster or Slower? Performance Mystery of Python Idioms Unveiled with Empirical Evidence   Technical Track   
 zejun zhang  Australian National University  , Zhenchang Xing   , Xin Xia  Huawei  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Qinghua Lu  CSIRO’s Data61 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Program comprehension Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 103   
  Chair(s): Oscar Chaparro  College of William and Mary 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Code Comprehension Confounders: A Study of Intelligence and Personality   Journal-First Papers   
 Stefan Wagner  University of Stuttgart  , Marvin Wyrich  Saarland University    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Identifying Key Classes for Initial Software Comprehension: Can We Do It Better?   Technical Track   
 Weifeng Pan  Zhejiang Gongshang University, China  , Xin Du  Zhejiang Gongshang University, China  , Hua Ming  Oakland University  , Dae-Kyoo Kim  Oakland University  , Zijiang Yang  Xi'an Jiaotong University and GuardStrike Inc 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Improving API Knowledge Discovery with ML: A Case Study of Comparable API Methods   Technical Track   
 Daye Nam  Carnegie Mellon University  , Brad A. Myers  Carnegie Mellon University  , Bogdan Vasilescu  Carnegie Mellon University  , Vincent J. Hellendoorn  Carnegie Mellon University    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Evidence Profiles for Validity Threats in Program Comprehension Experiments   Technical Track   
 Marvin Muñoz Barón  University of Stuttgart  , Marvin Wyrich  Saarland University  , Daniel Graziotin  University of Stuttgart  , Stefan Wagner  University of Stuttgart    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Developers’ Visuo-spatial Mental Model and Program Comprehension   Technical Track   
 Abir Bouraffa  University of Hamburg  , Gian-Luca Fuhrmann   , Walid Maalej  University of Hamburg    
  Pre-print 
 12:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Two Sides of the Same Coin: Exploiting the Impact of Identifiers in Neural Code Comprehension   Technical Track   
 Shuzheng Gao  Harbin institute of technology  , Cuiyun Gao  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Chaozheng Wang  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Jun Sun  Singapore Management University  , David Lo  Singapore Management University  , Yue Yu  College of Computer, National University of Defense Technology, Changsha 410073, China 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Reverse engineering Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Wei Le  Iowa State University 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | SeeHow: Workflow Extraction from Programming Screencasts through Action-Aware Video Analytics   Technical Track   
 Dehai Zhao  Australian National University, Australia  , Zhenchang Xing   , Xin Xia  Huawei  , Deheng Ye  Tencent AI Lab  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | AidUI: Toward Automated Recognition of Dark Patterns in User Interfaces   Technical Track   
 S M Hasan Mansur  George Mason University  , Sabiha Salma  George Mason University  , Damilola Awofisayo  Duke University  , Kevin Moran  George Mason University 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Carving UI Tests to Generate API Tests and API Specification   Technical Track   
 Rahulkrishna Yandrapally  University of British Columbia, Canada  , Saurabh Sinha  IBM Research  , Rachel Tzoref-Brill  IBM Research  , Ali Mesbah  University of British Columbia (UBC)    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | CFG2VEC: Hierarchical Graph Neural Network for Cross-Architectural Software Reverse Engineering   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Shih-Yuan Yu  UCI  , Yonatan Achamyeleh  UCI  , Chonghan Wang  UCI  , Anton Kocheturov  Siemens Technology  , Patrick Eisen  Siemens Technology  , Mohammad Al Faruque  UCI 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Ex pede Herculem: Augmenting Activity Transition Graph for Apps via Graph Convolution Network   Technical Track   
 Zhe Liu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Chunyang Chen  Monash University  , Junjie Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Yuhui Su  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Yuekai Huang  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Jun Hu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Qing Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | VID2XML: Automatic Extraction of a Complete XML Data from Mobile Programming Screencasts   Journal-First Papers   
 Mohammad D. Alahmadi  Department of Software Engineering, College of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Jeddah, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Software processes NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / Journal-First Papers  / Technical Track   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Rashina Hoda  Monash University 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | A Theory of Scrum Team Effectiveness   Journal-First Papers   
 Christiaan Verwijs  The Liberators  , Daniel Russo  Department of Computer Science, Aalborg University    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Sustainability is Stratified: Toward a Better Theory of Sustainable Software Engineering   Technical Track   
 Erin Schultz  Dalhousie University  , Sean McGuire  Dalhousie University  , Bimpe Ayoola  Dalhousie University  , Paul Ralph  Dalhousie University    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Overcoming Challenges in DevOps Education through Teaching Methods   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Samuel Ferino  Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte  , Marcelo Fernandes  Federal Institute of Rio Grande do Norte  , Elder Cirilo  Federal University of São João del Rei  , Lucas Agnez  Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte  , Bruno Batista  Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte  , Uirá Kulesza  Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte  , Eduardo Aranha  Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte  , Christoph Treude  University of Melbourne    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Do Software Security Practices Yield Fewer Vulnerabilities?   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Nusrat Zahan  North Carolina State University  , Shohanuzzaman Shohan   , Dan Harris   , Laurie Williams  North Carolina State University    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | A/B Integrations: 7 Lessons Learned from Enabling A/B testing as a Product Feature   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Aleksander Fabijan  Microsoft  , Pavel Dmitriev  Outreach  , Benjamin Arai   , Andy Drake   , Sebastian Kohlmeier  Microsoft  , April Kwong 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Towards Supporting Emotion Awareness in Retrospective Meetings   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Daniela  Grassi  , Filippo Lanubile  University of Bari  , Nicole Novielli  University of Bari  , Alexander Serebrenik  Eindhoven University of Technology    
  Pre-print 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Test-Driven Development Benefits Beyond Design Quality: Flow State and Developer Experience   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Pedro Calais  Stone Co.  , Lissa Franzini  Stone Co. 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Static analysis Technical Track  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Marsha Chechik  University of Toronto 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | DLInfer: Deep Learning with Static Slicing for Python Type Inference   Technical Track   
 Yanyan Yan  Nanjing University  , Yang Feng  Nanjing University  , Hongcheng Fan  Nanjing University  , Baowen Xu  Nanjing University 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | ViolationTracker: Building Precise Histories for Static Analysis Violations   Technical Track   
 Ping Yu  Fudan University, China  , Yijian Wu  Fudan University  , Xin Peng  Fudan University  , Jiahan Peng  Fudan University  , Jian Zhang  Fudan University  , Peicheng Xie  Fudan University  , Wenyun Zhao  Fudan University, China    
  Pre-print 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | On the use of static analysis to engage students with software quality improvement: An experience with PMD   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Eman Abdullah AlOmar  Stevens Institute of Technology  , Salma Abdullah AlOmar  NA  , Mohamed Wiem Mkaouer  Rochester Institute of Technology    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Long-term Static Analysis Rule Quality Monitoring Using True Negatives   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Linghui Luo  Amazon Web Services  , Rajdeep Mukherjee  Amazon Web Services  , Omer Tripp  Amazon  , Martin Schäf  Amazon Web Services  , Qiang Zhou  Amazon Web Services  , Daniel J Sanchez  Amazon Alexa 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | A Language-agnostic Framework for Mining Static Analysis Rules from Code Changes   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 David Baker Effendi  Stellenbosch University  , Berk Cirisci  IRIF, University Paris Diderot and CNRS, France  , Rajdeep Mukherjee  Amazon Web Services  , Hoan Anh Nguyen  Amazon  , Omer Tripp  Amazon 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | GradeStyle: GitHub-Integrated and Automated Assessment of Java Code Style   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Callum Iddon  University of Auckland  , Nasser Giacaman  The University of Auckland  , Valerio Terragni  University of Auckland 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | The Challenges of Shift Left Static Analysis   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Quoc-Sang Phan  Facebook, Inc.  , KimHao Nguyen  University of Nebraska-Lincoln  , ThanhVu Nguyen  George Mason University 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Testing of database and low-level software Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 109   
  Chair(s): Michael Pradel  University of Stuttgart 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Compiler Test-Program Generation via Memoized Configuration Search   Technical Track   
 Junjie Chen  Tianjin University  , Chenyao Suo  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University  , Jiajun Jiang  Tianjin University  , Peiqi Chen  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University  , Xingjian Li  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Generating Test Databases for Database-Backed Applications   Technical Track   
 Cong Yan  Microsoft Research  , Suman Nath  Microsoft Research  , Shan Lu  University of Chicago 
 11:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Testing Database Engines via Query Plan Guidance      Technical Track   
 Jinsheng Ba  National University of Singapore  , Manuel Rigger  National University of Singapore    
  Pre-print 
 11:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Testing Database Systems via Differential Query Execution   Technical Track   
 Jiansen Song   , Wensheng Dou  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Ziyu Cui  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Qianwang Dai  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Wei Wang   , Jun Wei  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences Chongqing School  , Hua Zhong  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Tao Huang  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Achieving Last-Mile Functional Coverage in Testing Chip Design Software Implementations   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Ming Yan  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University  , Junjie Chen  Tianjin University  , Hangyu Mao   , Jiajun Jiang  Tianjin University  , Jianye Hao  Tianjin University  , Xingjian Li  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University  , Zhao Tian  Tianjin University  , Zhichao Chen   , Dong Li   , Dong Li   , Yanwei Guo   , Wulong Liu   , Bin Wang   , Yuefeng Sun   , Yongshun Cui 
 12:15   
 7m    
 Talk | Randomized Differential Testing of RDF Stores   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Rui Yang  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Yingying Zheng  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Lei Tang  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Wensheng Dou  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Wei Wang   , Jun Wei  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences Chongqing School    
  Pre-print 
 12:22   
 7m    
 Talk | Boosting Compiler Testing via Compiler Optimization Exploration   Journal-First Papers   
 Junjie Chen  Tianjin University  , Chenyao Suo  College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University 

 11:00 - 12:30 | FOSE-Human & Tools, Ethics and Quantum FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   at Meeting Room 110   
  Chair(s): Hourieh Khalajzadeh  Deakin University, Australia 
 11:00   
 10m    
 Talk | Software Engineering for Big Data and Hardware Heterogeneity   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Miryung Kim  University of California at Los Angeles, USA    
  File Attached 
 11:10   
 10m    
 Talk | Got ethics?   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Tim Menzies  North Carolina State University    
  Pre-print 
 11:20   
 10m    
 Talk | The path to quantum at scale   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Krysta Svore 
 11:30   
 10m    
 Talk | The Software Revolution of Obfuscation   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
 Myra Cohen  Iowa State University 
 11:40   
 50m    
 Panel | Panel discussion   FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Technical Briefing 6 Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 112 
 11:00   
 90m    
 Talk | The Landscape of Source Code Representation Learning in AI-Driven Software Engineering Tasks   Technical Briefings   
 Sridhar Chimalakonda  IIT Tirupati  , Debeshee Das  Indian Institute of Technology Tirupati  , Alex Mathai  IBM India Research Labs  , Srikanth Tamilselvam  IBM Research  , Atul Kumar  IBM India Research Labs 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Software performance DEMO - Demonstrations  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Philipp Leitner  Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden / University of Gothenburg, Sweden 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Analyzing the Impact of Workloads on Modeling the Performance of Configurable Software Systems   Technical Track   
 Stefan Mühlbauer  Leipzig University  , Florian Sattler  Saarland Informatics Campus, Saarland University  , Christian Kaltenecker  Saarland University, Germany  , Johannes Dorn  Leipzig University  , Sven Apel  Saarland University  , Norbert Siegmund  Leipzig University    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Twins or False Friends? A Study on Energy Consumption and Performance of Configurable Software   Technical Track   
 Max Weber  Leipzig University  , Christian Kaltenecker  Saarland University, Germany  , Florian Sattler  Saarland Informatics Campus, Saarland University  , Sven Apel  Saarland University  , Norbert Siegmund  Leipzig University    
  Link to publication 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Auto-tuning elastic applications in production   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Adalberto R. Sampaio Jr  Huawei Canada  , Ivan Beschastnikh  University of British Columbia  , Daryl Maier  IBM Canada  , Don Bourne  IBM Canada  , Vijay Sundaresan  IBM Canada 
 14:30   
 7m    
 Talk | CryptOpt: Automatic Optimization of Straightline Code   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Joel Kuepper  University of Adelaide  , Andres Erbsen  MIT  , Jason Gross  MIT CSAIL  , Owen Conoly  MIT  , Chuyue Sun  Stanford  , Samuel Tian  MIT  , David Wu  University of Adelaide  , Adam Chlipala  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  , Chitchanok Chuengsatiansup  University of Adelaide  , Daniel Genkin  Georgia Tech  , Markus Wagner  Monash University, Australia  , Yuval Yarom  Ruhr University Bochum    
  Link to publication 
 14:37   
 7m    
 Talk | Performance Analysis with Bayesian Inference   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Noric Couderc  Lund University  , Christoph Reichenbach  Lund University  , Emma Söderberg  Lund University 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Runtime Performance Prediction for Deep Learning Models with Graph Neural Network   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Yanjie Gao  Microsoft Research  , Xianyu Gu  Tsinghua University  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Haoxiang Lin  Microsoft Research  , Mao Yang  Microsoft Research    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Judging Adam: Studying the Performance of Optimization Methods on ML4SE Tasks   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Dmitry Pasechnyuk  Mohammed bin Zayed University of Artificial Intelligence, UAE  , Anton Prazdnichnykh   , Mikhail Evtikhiev  JetBrains Research  , Timofey Bryksin  JetBrains Research 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Who Ate My Memory? Towards Attribution in Memory Management   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Gunnar Kudrjavets  University of Groningen  , Ayushi Rastogi  University of Groningen, The Netherlands  , Jeff Thomas  Meta Platforms, Inc.  , Nachiappan Nagappan  Facebook    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Code generation Journal-First Papers  / Technical Track   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Iftekhar Ahmed  University of California at Irvine 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Learning Deep Semantics for Test Completion   Technical Track   
 Pengyu Nie  University of Texas at Austin  , Rahul Banerjee  The University of Texas at Austin  , Junyi Jessy Li  University of Texas at Austin, USA  , Raymond Mooney  The University of Texas at Austin  , Milos Gligoric  University of Texas at Austin 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Dynamic Human-in-the-Loop Assertion Generation   Journal-First Papers   
 Lucas Zamprogno  University of British Columbia  , Braxton Hall  University of British Columbia  , Reid Holmes  University of British Columbia  , Joanne M. Atlee  University of Waterloo 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | SkCoder: A Sketch-based Approach for Automatic Code Generation   Technical Track   
 Jia Li  Peking University  , Yongmin Li  Peking University  , Ge Li  Peking University  , Zhi Jin  Peking University  , Xing Hu  Zhejiang University    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | An Empirical Comparison of Pre-Trained Models of Source Code   Technical Track   
 Changan Niu  Software Institute, Nanjing University  , Chuanyi Li  Nanjing University  , Vincent Ng  Human Language Technology Research Institute, University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083-0688  , Dongxiao Chen  Software Institute, Nanjing University  , Jidong Ge  Nanjing University  , Bin Luo  Nanjing University    
  Pre-print 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | On the Robustness of Code Generation Techniques: An Empirical Study on GitHub Copilot   Technical Track   
 Antonio Mastropaolo  Università della Svizzera italiana  , Luca Pascarella  ETH Zurich  , Emanuela Guglielmi  University of Molise  , Matteo Ciniselli  Università della Svizzera Italiana  , Simone Scalabrino  University of Molise  , Rocco Oliveto  University of Molise  , Gabriele Bavota  Software Institute, USI Università della Svizzera italiana 
 15:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Source Code Recommender Systems: The Practitioners' Perspective   Technical Track   
 Matteo Ciniselli  Università della Svizzera Italiana  , Luca Pascarella  ETH Zurich  , Emad Aghajani  Software Institute, USI Università della Svizzera italiana  , Simone Scalabrino  University of Molise  , Rocco Oliveto  University of Molise  , Gabriele Bavota  Software Institute, USI Università della Svizzera italiana 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Cyber-physical systems development SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Journal-First Papers  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Andrzej Wąsowski  IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Hybrid Cloudification of Legacy Software for Efficient Simulation of Gas Turbine Designs   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Fozail Ahmad  McGill University  , Maruthi Rangappa   , Neeraj Katiyar  McGill University, Canada  , Martin Staniszewski  Siemens Energy  , Daniel Varro  Linköping University / McGill University 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Misconfiguration Repair of Configurable Cyber-Physical Systems with Search: an Industrial Case Study on Elevator Dispatching Algorithms   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Pablo Valle  University of Mondragon  , Aitor Arrieta  Mondragon University  , Maite Arratibel  Orona    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 7m    
 Talk | WirelessDT: A Digital Twin Platform for Real-Time Evaluation of Wireless Software Applications   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Zhongzheng Lai  The University of Sydney  , Dong Yuan  The University of Sydney  , Huaming Chen  The University of Sydney  , Yu Zhang  The University of Sydney  , Wei Bao  The University of Sydney    
  Media Attached 
 14:22   
 7m    
 Talk | MROS: A framework for robot self-adaptation   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Gustavo Rezende Silva  Cognitive Robotics, Delft University of Technology  , Darko Bozhinoski  Université Libre de Bruxelles  , Mario Garzon Oviedo  Department of Cognitive Robotics, Delft University of Technology  , Mariano Ramírez Montero  Cognitive Robotics, Delft University of Technology  , Nadia Hammoudeh Garcia  Fraunhofer IPA  , Harshavardhan Deshpande  Fraunhofer IPA  , Andrzej Wąsowski  IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark  , Carlos Hernández Corbato  Delft University of Technology 
 14:30   
 7m    
 Talk | Mind the Gap! A Study on the Transferability of Virtual vs Physical-world Testing of Autonomous Driving Systems   Journal-First Papers   
 Andrea Stocco  Technical University of Munich & fortiss  , Brian Pulfer  University of Geneva  , Paolo Tonella  USI Lugano 
 14:37   
 7m    
 Talk | Uncertainty-aware Prediction Validator in Deep Learning Models for Cyber-physical System Data (Journal First Presentation)   Journal-First Papers   
 Ferhat Ozgur Catak  University of Stavanger, Norway  , Tao Yue  Simula Research Laboratory  , Shaukat Ali  Simula Research Laboratory 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Uncertainty-aware Robustness Assessment of Industrial Elevator Systems   Journal-First Papers   
 Liping Han  Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics & Simula Research Laboratory  , Shaukat Ali  Simula Research Laboratory  , Tao Yue  Simula Research Laboratory  , Aitor Arrieta  Mondragon University  , Maite Arratibel  Orona 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Learning Configurations of Operating Environment of Autonomous Vehicles to Maximize their Collisions   Journal-First Papers   
 Chengjie Lu  Simula Research Laboratory and University of Oslo  , Shi Yize  Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics  , Huihui Zhang  Weifang University  , Man Zhang  Kristiania University  , Tiexin Wang  Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics  , Tao Yue  Simula Research Laboratory  , Shaukat Ali  Simula Research Laboratory    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | FalsifAI: Falsification of AI-Enabled Hybrid Control Systems Guided by Time-Aware Coverage Criteria   Journal-First Papers   
 Zhenya Zhang  Kyushu University  , Deyun Lyu  Kyushu university  , Paolo Arcaini  National Institute of Informatics  , Lei Ma  University of Alberta  , Ichiro Hasuo  National Institute of Informatics, Japan  , Jianjun Zhao  Kyushu University    
  Link to publication   DOI 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Software development tools DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Xing Hu  Zhejiang University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Safe low-level code without overhead is practical   Technical Track   
 Solal Pirelli  EPFL  , George Candea  EPFL    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Sibyl: Improving Software Engineering Tools with SMT Selection      Technical Track   
 Will Leeson  University of Virgina  , Matthew B Dwyer  University of Virginia  , Antonio Filieri  AWS and Imperial College London    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Make Your Tools Sparkle with Trust: The PICSE Framework for Trust in Software Tools   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Brittany Johnson  George Mason University  , Christian Bird  Microsoft Research  , Denae Ford  Microsoft Research  , Nicole Forsgren  Microsoft Research  , Thomas Zimmermann  Microsoft Research    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | CoCoSoDa: Effective Contrastive Learning for Code Search   Technical Track   
 Ensheng Shi  Xi'an Jiaotong University  , Wenchao Gu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Yanlin Wang  School of Software Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University  , Lun Du  Microsoft Research Asia  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Shi Han  Microsoft Research  , Dongmei Zhang  Microsoft Research  , Hongbin Sun  Xi'an Jiaotong University    
  Pre-print 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Task Context: A Tool for Predicting Code Context Models for Software Development Tasks   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Yifeng Wang  Zhejiang University  , Yuhang Lin  Zhejiang University  , Zhiyuan Wan  Zhejiang University  , Xiaohu Yang  Zhejiang University    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Continuously Accelerating Research   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Sergey Mechtaev  University College London  , Jonathan Bell  Northeastern University  , Christopher Steven Timperley  Carnegie Mellon University  , Earl T. Barr  University College London  , Michael Hilton  Carnegie Mellon University    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | An Alternative to Cells for Selective Execution of Data Science Pipelines   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Lars Reimann  University of Bonn  , Günter Kniesel-Wünsche  University of Bonn    
  Pre-print 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | pytest-inline: An Inline Testing Tool for Python   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Yu Liu  University of Texas at Austin  , Zachary Thurston  Cornell University  , Alan Han  Cornell University  , Pengyu Nie  University of Texas at Austin  , Milos Gligoric  University of Texas at Austin  , Owolabi Legunsen  Cornell University 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Fault injection and mutation Journal-First Papers  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / Technical Track   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Lingxiao Jiang  Singapore Management University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Coverage Guided Fault Injection for Cloud Systems   Technical Track   
 Yu Gao  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China  , Wensheng Dou  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Dong Wang  Institute of software, Chinese academy of sciences  , Wenhan Feng  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Jun Wei  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences Chongqing School  , Hua Zhong  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Tao Huang  Institute of Software Chinese Academy of Sciences    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Diver: Oracle-Guided SMT Solver Testing with Unrestricted Random Mutations   Technical Track   
 Jongwook Kim  Korea University  , Sunbeom So  Korea University  , Hakjoo Oh  Korea University 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Identifying Defect Injection Risks from Analysis and Design Diagrams: An Industrial Case Study at Sony   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Yoji Imanishi  Sony Global Manufacturing&Operations  , Kazuhiro Kumon  Sony Global Manufacturing&Operations  , Shuji Morisaki  Nagoya University 
 14:30   
 7m    
 Talk | DaMAT: A Data-driven Mutation Analysis Tool   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Enrico Viganò  University of Luxembourg  , Oscar Cornejo  SnT Centre, University of Luxembourg  , Fabrizio Pastore  University of Luxembourg  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa    
  Pre-print 
 14:37   
 7m    
 Talk | Mutation testing in the wild: findings from GitHub   Journal-First Papers   
 Ana B. Sánchez  University of Seville  , Pedro Delgado-Pérez  Universidad de Cádiz  , Inmaculada Medina-Bulo  Universidad de Cádiz  , Sergio Segura  University of Seville    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 14:45   
 7m    
 Talk | An Experimental Assessment of Using Theoretical Defect Predictors to Guide Search-Based Software Testing   Journal-First Papers   
 Anjana Perera  Oracle Labs, Australia  , Aldeida Aleti  Monash University  , Burak Turhan  University of Oulu  , Marcel Böhme  MPI-SP, Germany and Monash University, Australia    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 14:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Assurance Cases as Data: A Manifesto   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Claudio Menghi  McMaster University, Canada  , Torin Viger   , Alessio Di Sandro  University of Toronto  , Chris Rees  Critical Systems Labs  , Jeffrey Joyce  Critical System Labs Inc.  , Marsha Chechik  University of Toronto 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Predictive Mutation Analysis via Natural Language Channel in Source Code   Journal-First Papers   
 Jinhan Kim  KAIST  , Juyoung Jeon  Handong Global University  , Shin Hong  Handong Global University  , Shin Yoo  KAIST    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Vulnerability detection Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Cuiyun Gao  Harbin Institute of Technology 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | An Empirical Study of Deep Learning Models for Vulnerability Detection   Technical Track   
 Benjamin Steenhoek  Iowa State University  , Md Mahbubur Rahman  Iowa State University  , Richard Jiles  Iowa State University  , Wei Le  Iowa State University    
  Pre-print 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | DeepVD: Toward Class-Separation Features for Neural Network Vulnerability Detection   Technical Track   
 Wenbo Wang  New Jersey Institute of Technology  , Tien N. Nguyen  University of Texas at Dallas  , Shaohua Wang  New Jersey Institute of Technology  , Yi Li  New Jersey Institute of Technology  , Jiyuan Zhang  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Aashish Yadavally  The University of Texas at Dallas    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Enhancing Deep Learning-based Vulnerability Detection by Building Behavior Graph Model   Technical Track   
 Bin Yuan  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yifan Lu  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yilin Fang  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Yueming Wu  Nanyang Technological University  , Deqing Zou  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Zhen Li  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Zhi Li  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Hai Jin  Huazhong University of Science and Technology 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Vulnerability Detection with Graph Simplification and Enhanced Graph Representation Learning   Technical Track   
 Xin-Cheng Wen  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Yupan  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Cuiyun Gao  Harbin Institute of Technology  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Jie M. Zhang  King's College London  , Qing Liao  Harbin Institute of Technology 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Does data sampling improve deep learning-based vulnerability detection? Yeas! and Nays!   Technical Track   
 Xu Yang  University of Manitoba  , Shaowei Wang  University of Manitoba  , Yi Li  New Jersey Institute of Technology  , Shaohua Wang  New Jersey Institute of Technology    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Learning from What We Know: How to Perform Vulnerability Prediction using Noisy Historical Data   Journal-First Papers   
 Aayush Garg  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Renzo Degiovanni  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Matthieu Jimenez  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Maxime Cordy  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Mike Papadakis  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg  , Yves Le Traon  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg    
  Link to publication   DOI   Authorizer link   Pre-print   Media Attached 
 15:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Do I really need all this work to find vulnerabilities? An empirical case study comparing vulnerability detection techniques on a Java application   Journal-First Papers   
 Sarah Elder  North Carolina State University  , Nusrat Zahan  North Carolina State University  , Rui Shu  North Carolina State University  , Valeri Kozarev  North Carolina State University  , Tim Menzies  North Carolina State University  , Laurie Williams  North Carolina State University 

 13:45 - 15:15 | SE education SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   at Meeting Room 109   
  Chair(s): Alexander Serebrenik  Eindhoven University of Technology 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Persona-based Assessment of Software Engineering Student Research Projects: An Experience Report   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Chetan Arora  Monash University  , Laura Tubino  Deakin University  , Andrew Cain  School of Information Technology, Deakin University  , Kevin Lee  Deakin University  , Vasudha Malhotra  Deakin University 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Exposing Software Engineering Students to Stressful Projects: Does Diversity Matter?   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Isabella Graßl  University of Passau  , Gordon Fraser  University of Passau  , Stefan Trieflinger  Reutlingen University  , Marco Kuhrmann  Reutlingen University    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | “Software is the easy part of Software Engineering” - Lessons and Experiences from A Large-Scale, Multi-Team Capstone Course   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Ze Shi (Zane) Li  University of Victoria, Canada  , Nowshin Nawar Arony  University of Victoria  , Kezia Devathasan  University of Victoria  , Daniela Damian  University of Victoria    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Attribution-based Personas in Virtual Software Engineering Education   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Klaudia Madhi  School of Computation, Information and Technology, Technical University of Munich, Munich, Germany  , Lara Marie Reimer  School of Computation, Information and Technology, Technical University of Munich, Munich, Germany; Institute for Digital Medicine, University Hospital Bonn, Bonn, Germany  , Stephan M. Jonas  Institute for Digital Medicine, University Hospital Bonn, Bonn, Germany 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Leveraging Diversity in Software Engineering Education through Community Engaged Learning and a Supportive Network   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Nowshin Nawar Arony  University of Victoria  , Kezia Devathasan  University of Victoria  , Ze Shi (Zane) Li  University of Victoria, Canada  , Daniela Damian  University of Victoria    
  Pre-print 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Issue reporting and reproduction Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 110   
  Chair(s): Daniel Russo  Department of Computer Science, Aalborg University 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Incident-aware Duplicate Ticket Aggregation for Cloud Systems   Technical Track   
 Jinyang Liu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Shilin He  Microsoft Research  , Zhuangbin Chen  Chinese University of Hong Kong, China  , Liqun Li  Microsoft Research  , Yu Kang  Microsoft Research  , Xu Zhang  Microsoft Research  , Pinjia He  Chinese University of Hong Kong at Shenzhen  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Qingwei Lin  Microsoft Research  , Zhangwei Xu  Microsoft Azure  , Saravan Rajmohan  Microsoft 365  , Dongmei Zhang  Microsoft Research  , Michael Lyu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
 14:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Large Language Models are Few-shot Testers: Exploring LLM-based General Bug Reproduction   Technical Track   
 Sungmin Kang  KAIST  , Juyeon Yoon  Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology  , Shin Yoo  KAIST    
  Pre-print 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | On the Reproducibility of Software Defect Datasets   Technical Track   
 Hao-Nan Zhu  University of California, Davis  , Cindy Rubio-González  University of California at Davis 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Context-aware Bug Reproduction for Mobile Apps   Technical Track   
 Yuchao Huang   , Junjie Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Zhe Liu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Song Wang  York University  , Chunyang Chen  Monash University  , Mingyang Li  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Qing Wang  Institute of Software at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Read It, Don't Watch It: Captioning Bug Recordings Automatically   Technical Track   
 Sidong Feng  Monash University  , Mulong Xie  Australian National University  , Yinxing Xue  University of Science and Technology of China  , Chunyang Chen  Monash University    
  Pre-print 
 15:00   
 7m    
 Talk | BURT: A Chatbot for Interactive Bug Reporting   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Yang Song  College of William and Mary  , Junayed Mahmud  George Mason University  , Nadeeshan De Silva  William & Mary  , Ying Zhou  University of Texas at Dallas  , Oscar Chaparro  College of William and Mary  , Kevin Moran  George Mason University  , Andrian Marcus  University of Texas at Dallas  , Denys Poshyvanyk  College of William and Mary 

 15:15 - 15:45 | Posters 3 Technical Track   at Meeting Room 105 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Software quality Journal-First Papers  / NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Technical Track   at Level G - Plenary Room 1   
  Chair(s): Valentina Lenarduzzi  University of Oulu 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | DuetCS: Code Style Transfer through Generation and Retrieval   Technical Track   
 Binger Chen  Technische Universität Berlin  , Ziawasch Abedjan  Leibniz Universität Hannover 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Understanding Why and Predicting When Developers Adhere to Code-Quality Standards   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Manish Motwani  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Yuriy Brun  University of Massachusetts    
  Pre-print 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Code Compliance Assessment as a Learning Problem   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Neela Sawant  Amazon  , Srinivasan H. Sengamedu  Amazon 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | An Empirical Study on Quality Issues of Deep Learning Platform   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Yanjie Gao  Microsoft Research  , Xiaoxiang Shi   , Haoxiang Lin  Microsoft Research  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle  , Hao Wu   , Rui Li   , Mao Yang  Microsoft Research    
  Pre-print 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Can static analysis tools find more defects? A qualitative study of design rule violations found by code review   Journal-First Papers   
 Sahar Mehrpour  George Mason University, USA  , Thomas LaToza  George Mason University 
 16:52   
 7m    
 Talk | DebtFree: minimizing labeling cost in self-admitted technical debt identification using semi-supervised learning   Journal-First Papers   
 Huy Tu  North Carolina State University, USA  , Tim Menzies  North Carolina State University    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | FIXME: synchronize with database! An empirical study of data access self-admitted technical debt   Journal-First Papers   
 Biruk Asmare Muse  Polytechnique Montréal  , Csaba Nagy  Software Institute - USI, Lugano  , Anthony Cleve  University of Namur  , Foutse Khomh  Polytechnique Montréal  , Giuliano Antoniol  Polytechnique Montréal 
 17:07   
 7m    
 Talk | How does quality deviate in stable releases by backporting?   NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
 Jarin Tasnim  University of Saskatchewan  , Debasish Chakroborti  University of Saskatchewan  , Chanchal K. Roy  University of Saskatchewan  , Kevin Schneider  University of Saskatchewan    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | SE education methods and tools Technical Track  / SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   at Meeting Room 101   
  Chair(s): Andrew Begel  Carnegie Mellon University 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | On the Applicability of Language Models to Block-Based Programs   Technical Track   
 Elisabeth Griebl  University of Passau  , Benedikt Fein  University of Passau  , Florian Obermueller  University of Passau  , Gordon Fraser  University of Passau  , René Just  University of Washington 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Improving Grading Outcomes in Software Engineering Projects Through Automated Contributions Summaries   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Kai Presler-Marshall  Bowdoin College  , Sarah Heckman  North Carolina State University  , Kathryn Stolee  North Carolina State University 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Analyzing the Quality of Submissions in Online Programming Courses   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Maria Tigina  JetBrains Research  , Anastasiia Birillo  JetBrains Research  , Yaroslav Golubev  JetBrains Research  , Hieke Keuning  Utrecht University  , Nikolay Vyahhi  Stepik  , Timofey Bryksin  JetBrains Research    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | A Metric for Measuring Software Engineering Post-Graduate Outcomes   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Travis Breaux  Carnegie Mellon University  , Jennifer Moritz  Carnegie Mellon University 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Using Focus to Personalise Learning and Feedback in Software Engineering Education   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Bansri Amish Modi  School of Information Technology, Deakin University  , Andrew Cain  School of Information Technology, Deakin University  , Guy Wood-Bradley  Deakin University  , Jake Renzella  University of New South Wales, Sydney 
 16:52   
 7m    
 Talk | Shaping a Tool for Developing Computing Students’ Professional Identity - Industry Perspectives   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Laura Tubino  Deakin University  , Kerri Morgan  Deakin University  , Guy Wood-Bradley  Deakin University  , Andrew Cain  School of Information Technology, Deakin University 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | REFERENT: Transformer based Feedback Generation using Assignment Information for Programming Course   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Jinseok Heo  Sungkyunkwan University  , Hohyeon Jeong  Sungkyunkwan University  , Dongwook Choi  SungKyunKwan University  , Eunseok Lee  Sungkyunkwan University 
 17:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Factors Affecting Compilable State at Each Keystroke in CS1   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Steven Scott  Utah State University  , Arto Hellas  Aalto University  , Juho Leinonen  The University of Auckland  , John Edwards  Utah State University 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Metamorphic testing SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   at Meeting Room 102   
  Chair(s): Shiva Nejati  University of Ottawa 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | MTTM: Metamorphic Testing for Textual Content Moderation Software   Technical Track   
 Wenxuan Wang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Jen-tse Huang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Weibin Wu  Sun Yat-sen University  , Jianping Zhang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Yizhan Huang  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Shuqing Li  The Chinese University of Hong Kong  , Pinjia He  Chinese University of Hong Kong at Shenzhen  , Michael Lyu  The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Metamorphic Shader Fusion for Testing Graphics Shader Compilers   Technical Track   
 Dongwei Xiao  The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Zhibo Liu  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  , Shuai Wang  Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Paper | Metamorphic Testing and Debugging of Tax Preparation Software   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Saeid Tizpaz-Niari  University of Texas at El Paso  , Verya Monjezi  University of Texas at El Paso  , Morgan Wagner  University of Texas at El Paso  , Shiva Darian  University of Colorado Boulder  , Krystia Reed  University of Texas at El Paso  , Ashutosh Trivedi  University of Colorado Boulder    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 7m    
 Talk | Biasfinder: Metamorphic test generation to uncover bias for sentiment analysis systems   Journal-First Papers   
 Muhammad Hilmi Asyroﬁ  School of Computing and Information Systems, Singapore Management University  , Zhou Yang  Singapore Management University  , Imam Nur Bani Yusuf  Singapore Management University, Singapore  , Hong Jin Kang  UCLA  , Ferdian Thung  Singapore Management University  , David Lo  Singapore Management University 
 16:37   
 7m    
 Talk | Automated Metamorphic Testing using Transitive Relations for Specializing Stance Detection Models   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Alisa Arno  IBM Research - Tokyo  , Futoshi Iwama  IBM Research - Tokyo  , Mikio Takeuchi  IBM Research - Tokyo 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Talk | MorphQ: Metamorphic Testing of the Qiskit Quantum Computing Platform   Technical Track   
 Matteo Paltenghi  University of Stuttgart, Germany  , Michael Pradel  University of Stuttgart    
  Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Pre-trained and few shot learning for SE Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 103   
  Chair(s): Yiling Lou  Fudan University 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | On the validity of pre-trained transformers for natural language processing in the software engineering domain   Journal-First Papers   
 Alexander Trautsch  University of Passau  , Julian von der Mosel   , Steffen Herbold  University of Passau 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Automating Code-Related Tasks Through Transformers: The Impact of Pre-training   Technical Track   
 Rosalia Tufano  Università della Svizzera Italiana  , Luca Pascarella  ETH Zurich  , Gabriele Bavota  Software Institute, USI Università della Svizzera italiana 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Log Parsing with Prompt-based Few-shot Learning   Technical Track   
 Van-Hoang Le  The University of Newcastle  , Hongyu Zhang  The University of Newcastle    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Retrieval-Based Prompt Selection for Code-Related Few-Shot Learning   Technical Track   
 Noor Nashid  University of British Columbia  , Mifta Sintaha  University of British Columbia  , Ali Mesbah  University of British Columbia (UBC)    
  Pre-print 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Paper | An Empirical Study of Pre-Trained Model Reuse in the Hugging Face Deep Learning Model Registry   Technical Track   
 Wenxin Jiang  Purdue University  , Nicholas Synovic  Loyola University Chicago  , Matt Hyatt  Loyola University Chicago  , Taylor R. Schorlemmer  Purdue University  , Rohan Sethi  Loyola University Chicago  , Yung-Hsiang Lu  Purdue University  , George K. Thiruvathukal  Loyola University Chicago and Argonne National Laboratory  , James C. Davis  Purdue University    
  Pre-print 
 17:00   
 15m    
 Talk | ContraBERT: Enhancing Code Pre-trained Models via Contrastive Learning   Technical Track   
 Shangqing Liu  Nanyang Technological University  , bozhi wu  Nanyang Technological University  , Xiaofei Xie  Singapore Management University  , Guozhu Meng  Institute of Information Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Yang Liu  Nanyang Technological University 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Program analysis Showcase  / Journal-First Papers  / Technical Track  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   at Meeting Room 104   
  Chair(s): Marsha Chechik  University of Toronto 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Stubbifier: debloating dynamic server-side JavaScript applications   Journal-First Papers   
 Alexi Turcotte  Northeastern University  , Ellen Arteca  Northeastern University  , Ashish Mishra  Purdue University  , Saba Alimadadi  Simon Fraser University  , Frank Tip  Northeastern University 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | DStream: A Streaming-Based Highly Parallel IFDS Framework   Technical Track   
 Xizao Wang  Nanjing University  , Zhiqiang Zuo  Nanjing University  , Lei Bu  Nanjing University  , Jianhua Zhao  Nanjing University, China 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | (Partial) Program Dependence Learning   Technical Track   
 Aashish Yadavally  The University of Texas at Dallas  , Wenbo Wang  New Jersey Institute of Technology  , Shaohua Wang  New Jersey Institute of Technology  , Tien N. Nguyen  University of Texas at Dallas    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | MirrorTaint: Practical Non-intrusive Dynamic Taint Tracking for JVM-based Microservice Systems   Technical Track   
 Yicheng Ouyang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Kailai Shao  Ant Group  , Kunqiu Chen  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Ruobing Shen  Peking University  , Chao Chen  Ant Group  , Mingze Xu  Ant Group  , Yuqun Zhang  Southern University of Science and Technology  , Lingming Zhang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign    
  Pre-print 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Incremental Call Graph Construction in Industrial Practice   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Zelin Zhao  Ant Group  , Xizao Wang  Nanjing University  , Zhaogui Xu  Ant Group  , Zhenhao Tang  Ant Group  , Yongchao Li  Ant Group  , Peng Di  Ant Group 
 17:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Generic Partition Refinement and Weighted Tree Automata   Showcase   
 Hans-Peter Deifel  Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg, Germany  , Stefan Milius   , Lutz Schröder  University of Erlangen-Nuremberg  , Thorsten Wißmann  Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Vulnerability testing and patching Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers  / DEMO - Demonstrations   at Meeting Room 105   
  Chair(s): Cristian Cadar  Imperial College London, UK 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Silent Vulnerable Dependency Alert Prediction with Vulnerability Key Aspect Explanation   Technical Track   
 Jiamou Sun  CSIRO's Data61  , Zhenchang Xing   , Qinghua Lu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Thong Hoang  Data61, CSIRO  , Dehai Zhao  Australian National University, Australia 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Compatible Remediation on Vulnerabilities from Third-Party Libraries for Java Projects      Technical Track   
 Lyuye Zhang  Nanyang Technological University  , Chengwei Liu  Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  , Zhengzi Xu  Nanyang Technological University  , Sen Chen  Tianjin University  , Lingling Fan  Nankai University  , Lida Zhao  Nanyang Technological University  , Wu Jiahui  Nanyang Technological University  , Yang Liu  Nanyang Technological University 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Black-box Testing of Mass Assignment Vulnerabilities in RESTful APIs   Technical Track   
 Davide Corradini  University of Verona  , Michele Pasqua  University of Verona  , Mariano Ceccato  University of Verona    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 7m    
 Talk | Patchmatch: A Tool for Locating Patches of Open Source Project Vulnerabilities   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Kedi Shen  Zhejiang university city college  , Yun Zhang  Zhejiang University City College  , Lingfeng Bao  Zhejiang University  , Zhiyuan Wan  Zhejiang University  , Zhuorong Li  Zhejiang university city college  , Minghui Wu  Zhejiang University City College} 
 16:37   
 8m    
 Talk | Software Updates Strategies: a Quantitative Evaluation against Advanced Persistent Threats   Journal-First Papers   
 Giorgio Di Tizio  University of Trento  , Michele Armellini  University of Trento  , Fabio Massacci  University of Trento; Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 
 16:45   
 7m    
 Talk | SSPCatcher: Learning to Catch Security Patches   Journal-First Papers   
 Arthur D. Sawadogo  Université du Québec à Montréal  , Tegawendé F. Bissyandé  SnT, University of Luxembourg  , Naouel Moha  École de Technologie Supérieure (ETS)  , Kevin Allix  CentraleSupelec Rennes  , Jacques Klein  University of Luxembourg  , Li Li  Beihang University  , Yves Le Traon  University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 16:52   
 15m    
 Talk | CoLeFunDa: Explainable Silent Vulnerability Fix Identification   Technical Track   
 Jiayuan Zhou  Huawei  , Michael Pacheco  Centre for Software Excellence, Huawei  , Jinfu Chen  Centre for Software Excellence, Huawei, Canada  , Xing Hu  Zhejiang University  , Xin Xia  Huawei  , David Lo  Singapore Management University  , Ahmed E. Hassan  Queen’s University 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Cyber-physical systems testing SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / Technical Track  / Journal-First Papers   at Meeting Room 106   
  Chair(s): Shahar Maoz  Tel Aviv University 
 15:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Data-driven Mutation Analysis for Cyber-Physical Systems   Journal-First Papers   
 Enrico Viganò  University of Luxembourg  , Oscar Cornejo  SnT Centre, University of Luxembourg  , Fabrizio Pastore  University of Luxembourg  , Lionel Briand  University of Luxembourg; University of Ottawa    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Finding Causally Different Tests for an Industrial Control System   Technical Track   
 Chris Poskitt  Singapore Management University  , Yuqi Chen  ShanghaiTech University, China  , Jun Sun  Singapore Management University  , Yu Jiang  Tsinghua University    
  DOI   Pre-print   File Attached 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Doppelganger Test Generation for Revealing Bugs in Autonomous Driving Software   Technical Track   
 Yuqi Huai  University of California, Irvine  , Yuntianyi Chen  University of California, Irvine  , Sumaya Almanee  University of California, Irvine  , Tuan Ngo  VNU University of Engineering and Technology  , Xiang Liao  University of California, Irvine  , Ziwen Wan  University of California, Irvine  , Qi Alfred Chen  University of California, Irvine  , Joshua Garcia  University of California, Irvine    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Generating Realistic and Diverse Tests for LiDAR-Based Perception Systems   Technical Track   
 Garrett Christian  University of Virginia  , Trey Woodlief  University of Virginia  , Sebastian Elbaum  University of Virginia    
  Pre-print 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Automated Test Case Generation for Safety-Critical Software in Scade   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Elson Kurian  University of Milano Bicocca  , Pietro Braione  University of Milano-Bicocca  , Daniela Briola  University of Milano Bicocca  , Dario D'Avino   , Matteo Modonato   , Giovanni Denaro  University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | Single and Multi-objective Test Cases Prioritization for Self-driving Cars in Virtual Environments   Journal-First Papers   
 Christian Birchler  Zurich University of Applied Sciences  , Sajad Khatiri  USI-Lugnao & Zurich University of Applied Sciences  , Pouria Derakhshanfar  JetBrains Research  , Sebastiano Panichella  Zurich University of Applied Sciences  , Annibale Panichella  Delft University of Technology 
 17:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Parameter Coverage for Testing of Autonomous Driving Systems Under Uncertainty   Journal-First Papers   
 Thomas Laurent  JSPS@National Institute of Informatics, Japan  , Stefan Klikovits  Johannes Kepler University, Linz  , Paolo Arcaini  National Institute of Informatics  , Fuyuki Ishikawa  National Institute of Informatics  , Anthony Ventresque  Trinity College Dublin & Lero, Ireland    
  Link to publication   DOI 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Software ecosystems SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training  / Technical Track  / DEMO - Demonstrations  / Journal-First Papers  / SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice  / SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   at Meeting Room 110   
  Chair(s): Sebastian Baltes  SAP SE & University of Adelaide 
 15:45   
 7m    
 Talk | Upstream Bug Management in Linux Distributions - An Empirical Study of Debian and Fedora Practices   Journal-First Papers   
 Jiahuei Lin  Queen’s University Software Analysis and Intelligence Lab (SAIL), Canada  , Haoxiang Zhang  Centre for Software Excellence at Huawei Canada  , Bram Adams  Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario  , Ahmed E. Hassan  Queen’s University 
 15:52   
 7m    
 Vision and Emerging Results | Treat societally impactful scientific insights as open-source software artifacts   SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
 Cynthia C. S. Liem  Delft University of Technology  , Andrew M. Demetriou  Delft University of Technology    
  Pre-print 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | Rules of Engagement: Why and How Companies Participate in OSS   Technical Track   
 Mariam Guizani  Oregon State University  , Aileen Abril Castro-Guzman  Oregon State University  , Anita Sarma  Oregon State University  , Igor Steinmacher  Northern Arizona University    
  Pre-print 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Paper | An Empirical Study on Software Bill of Materials: Where We Stand and the Road Ahead   Technical Track   
 Boming Xia  CSIRO's Data61 & University of New South Wales  , Tingting Bi  Data61, CSIRO  , Zhenchang Xing   , Qinghua Lu  CSIRO’s Data61  , Liming Zhu  CSIRO’s Data61    
  Pre-print 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Open Source Software Onboarding as a University Course: An Experience Report   SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
 Hao He  Peking University  , Minghui Zhou  Peking University  , Qingye Wang  Peking University, China  , Jingyue Li  Norwegian University of Science and Technology    
  Pre-print 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Talk | An Empirical Study of License Conflict in Free and Open Source Software   SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
 Xing Cui  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Jingzheng Wu  Institute of Software, The Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Yanjun Wu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Xu Wang  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Tianyue Luo   , Sheng Qu  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Xiang Ling  Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Mutian Yang 
 17:00   
 7m    
 Talk | LicenseRec: Knowledge based Open Source License Recommendation for OSS Projects   DEMO - Demonstrations   
 Weiwei Xu  Peking University  , Xin Wu  Peking University  , Runzhi He  Peking University  , Minghui Zhou  Peking University    
  Pre-print 
 17:07   
 7m    
 Talk | Will you come back to contribute? Investigating the inactivity of OSS core developers in GitHub   Journal-First Papers   
 Fabio Calefato  University of Bari  , Marco Gerosa  Northern Arizona University  , Giuseppe Iaffaldano  University of Bari  , Filippo Lanubile  University of Bari  , Igor Steinmacher  Northern Arizona University    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Technical Briefing 3 Technical Briefings   at Meeting Room 112 
 15:45   
 90m    
 Talk | Technical Briefing on Socio-Technical Grounded Theory for Qualitative Data Analysis   Technical Briefings   
 Rashina Hoda  Monash University 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 AChecker: Statically Detecting Smart Contract Access Control Vulnerabilities  Technical Track   
 Asem Ghaleb  , Julia Rubin  , Karthik Pattabiraman 
 A Comprehensive Study of Real-World Bugs in Machine Learning Model Optimization  Technical Track   
 Hao Guan  , Ying Xiao  , Jiaying LI  , Yepang Liu  , Guangdong Bai 
 AdHere: Automated Detection and Repair of Intrusive Ads  Technical Track   
 Yutian Yan  , Yunhui Zheng  , Xinyue Liu  , Nenad Medvidović  , Weihang Wang 
 AI-based Question Answering Assistance for Analyzing Natural-language Requirements  Technical Track   
 Saad Ezzini  , Sallam Abualhaija  , Chetan Arora  , Mehrdad Sabetzadeh    
  Pre-print 
 AidUI: Toward Automated Recognition of Dark Patterns in User Interfaces  Technical Track   
 S M Hasan Mansur  , Sabiha Salma  , Damilola Awofisayo  , Kevin Moran 
 Analyzing the Impact of Workloads on Modeling the Performance of Configurable Software Systems  Technical Track   
 Stefan Mühlbauer  , Florian Sattler  , Christian Kaltenecker  , Johannes Dorn  , Sven Apel  , Norbert Siegmund    
  Pre-print 
 An Empirical Comparison of Pre-Trained Models of Source Code  Technical Track   
 Changan Niu  , Chuanyi Li  , Vincent Ng  , Dongxiao Chen  , Jidong Ge  , Bin Luo    
  Pre-print 
 An Empirical Study of Deep Learning Models for Vulnerability Detection  Technical Track   
 Benjamin Steenhoek  , Md Mahbubur Rahman  , Richard Jiles  , Wei Le    
  Pre-print 
 An Empirical Study of Pre-Trained Model Reuse in the Hugging Face Deep Learning Model Registry  Technical Track   
 Wenxin Jiang  , Nicholas Synovic  , Matt Hyatt  , Taylor R. Schorlemmer  , Rohan Sethi  , Yung-Hsiang Lu  , George K. Thiruvathukal  , James C. Davis    
  Pre-print 
 An Empirical Study on Software Bill of Materials: Where We Stand and the Road Ahead  Technical Track   
 Boming Xia  , Tingting Bi  , Zhenchang Xing  , Qinghua Lu  , Liming Zhu    
  Pre-print 
 APICAD: Augmenting API Misuse Detection Through Specifications From Code And Documents  Technical Track   
 Xiaoke Wang  , Lei Zhao    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 A Qualitative Study on the Implementation Design Decisions of Developers     Technical Track   
 Jenny T. Liang  , Maryam Arab  , Minhyuk Ko  , Amy Ko  , Thomas LaToza    
  Pre-print 
 Aries: Efficient Testing of Deep Neural Networks via Labeling-Free Accuracy Estimation  Technical Track   
 Qiang Hu  , Yuejun GUo  , Xiaofei Xie  , Maxime Cordy  , Lei Ma  , Mike Papadakis  , Yves Le Traon    
  Pre-print 
 A Semantic-aware Parsing Approach for Log Analytics  Technical Track   
 Yintong Huo  , Yuxin Su  , Cheryl Lee  , Michael Lyu    
  Pre-print 
 ATM: Black-box Test Case Minimization based on Test Code Similarity and Evolutionary Search  Technical Track   
 Rongqi Pan  , Taher A Ghaleb  , Lionel Briand 
 Automated Black-box Testing of Mass Assignment Vulnerabilities in RESTful APIs  Technical Track   
 Davide Corradini  , Michele Pasqua  , Mariano Ceccato    
  Pre-print 
 Automated Program Repair in the Era of Large Pre-trained Language Models  Technical Track   
 Chunqiu Steven Xia  , Yuxiang Wei  , Lingming Zhang 
 Automated Repair of Programs from Large Language Models  Technical Track   
 Zhiyu Fan  , Xiang Gao  , Martin Mirchev  , Abhik Roychoudhury  , Shin Hwei Tan 
 Automated Summarization of Stack Overflow Posts  Technical Track   
 Bonan Kou  , Muhao Chen  , Tianyi Zhang 
 Automating Code-Related Tasks Through Transformers: The Impact of Pre-training  Technical Track   
 Rosalia Tufano  , Luca Pascarella  , Gabriele Bavota 
 Autonomy Is An Acquired Taste: Exploring Developer Preferences for GitHub Bots  Technical Track   
 Amir Ghorbani  , Nathan Cassee  , Derek Robinson  , Adam Alami  , Neil Ernst  , Alexander Serebrenik  , Andrzej Wąsowski    
  Pre-print 
 BADGE: Prioritizing UI Events with Hierarchical Multi-Armed Bandits for Automated UI Testing  Technical Track   
 Dezhi Ran  , Hao Wang  , Wenyu Wang  , Tao Xie 
 Bad Snakes: Understanding and Improving Python Package Index Malware Scanning  Technical Track   
 Duc Ly Vu  , Zachary Newman  , John Speed Meyers 
 Balancing Effectiveness and Flakiness of Non-Deterministic Machine Learning Tests  Technical Track   
 Chunqiu Steven Xia  , Saikat Dutta  , Sasa Misailovic  , Darko Marinov  , Lingming Zhang 
 Better Automatic Program Repair by Using Bug Reports and Tests Together  Technical Track   
 Manish Motwani  , Yuriy Brun    
  Pre-print 
 BFTDetector: Automatic Detection of Business Flow Tampering for Digital Content Service  Technical Track   
 I Luk Kim  , Weihang Wang  , Yonghwi Kwon  , Xiangyu Zhang 
 BSHUNTER: Detecting and Tracing Defects of Bitcoin Scripts  Technical Track   
 Peilin Zheng  , Xiapu Luo  , Zibin Zheng    
  Pre-print   File Attached 
 Carving UI Tests to Generate API Tests and API Specification  Technical Track   
 Rahulkrishna Yandrapally  , Saurabh Sinha  , Rachel Tzoref-Brill  , Ali Mesbah    
  Pre-print 
 CC: Causality-Aware Coverage Criterion for Deep Neural Networks  Technical Track   
 Zhenlan Ji  , Pingchuan Ma  , Yuanyuan Yuan  , Shuai Wang 
 CCRep: Learning Code Change Representations via Pre-Trained Code Model and Query Back  Technical Track   
 Zhongxin Liu  , Zhijie Tang  , Xin Xia  , Xiaohu Yang    
  Pre-print 
 CCTEST: Testing and Repairing Code Completion Systems  Technical Track   
 Li Zongjie  , Chaozheng Wang  , Zhibo Liu  , Haoxuan Wang  , Dong Chen  , Shuai Wang  , Cuiyun Gao 
 Chronos: Time-Aware Zero-Shot Identification of Libraries from Vulnerability Reports  Technical Track   
 Yunbo Lyu  , Le-Cong Thanh  , Hong Jin Kang  , Ratnadira Widyasari  , Zhipeng Zhao  , Xuan-Bach D. Le  , Ming Li  , David Lo    
  Pre-print 
 CoCoSoDa: Effective Contrastive Learning for Code Search  Technical Track   
 Ensheng Shi  , Wenchao Gu  , Yanlin Wang  , Lun Du  , Hongyu Zhang  , Shi Han  , Dongmei Zhang  , Hongbin Sun    
  Pre-print 
 CodaMOSA: Escaping Coverage Plateaus in Test Generation with Pre-trained Large Language Models  Technical Track   
 Caroline Lemieux  , Jeevana Priya Inala  , Shuvendu K. Lahiri  , Siddhartha Sen 
 Code Review of Build System Specifications: Prevalence, Purposes, Patterns, and Perceptions  Technical Track   
 Mahtab Nejati  , Mahmoud Alfadel  , Shane McIntosh    
  Pre-print 
 CoLeFunDa: Explainable Silent Vulnerability Fix Identification  Technical Track   
 Jiayuan Zhou  , Michael Pacheco  , Jinfu Chen  , Xing Hu  , Xin Xia  , David Lo  , Ahmed E. Hassan 
 COLUMBUS: Android App Testing Through Systematic Callback Exploration  Technical Track   
 Priyanka Bose  , Dipanjan Das  , Saastha Vasan  , Sebastiano Mariani  , Ilya Grishchenko  , Andrea Continella  , Antonio Bianchi  , Christopher Kruegel  , Giovanni Vigna 
 Commit Message Matters: Investigating Impact and Evolution of Commit Message Quality  Technical Track   
 Jiawei Li  , Iftekhar Ahmed 
 Comparison and Evaluation of Clone Detection Techniques with Different Code Representations  Technical Track   
 Yuekun Wang  , Yuhang Ye  , Yueming Wu  , Weiwei Zhang  , Yinxing Xue  , Yang Liu 
 Compatibility Issue Detection for Android Apps Based on Path-Sensitive Semantic Analysis  Technical Track   
 Sen Yang  , Sen Chen  , Lingling Fan  , Sihan Xu  , Zhanwei Hui  , Song Huang 
 Compatible Remediation on Vulnerabilities from Third-Party Libraries for Java Projects     Technical Track   
 Lyuye Zhang  , Chengwei Liu  , Zhengzi Xu  , Sen Chen  , Lingling Fan  , Lida Zhao  , Wu Jiahui  , Yang Liu 
 Compiler Test-Program Generation via Memoized Configuration Search  Technical Track   
 Junjie Chen  , Chenyao Suo  , Jiajun Jiang  , Peiqi Chen  , Xingjian Li 
 Compiling Parallel Symbolic Execution with Continuations  Technical Track   
 Guannan Wei  , Songlin Jia  , Ruiqi Gao  , Haotian Deng  , Shangyin Tan  , Oliver Bračevac  , Tiark Rompf    
  Pre-print 
 Concrat: An Automatic C-to-Rust Lock API Translator for Concurrent Programs  Technical Track   
 Jaemin Hong  , Sukyoung Ryu    
  Pre-print 
 Context-aware Bug Reproduction for Mobile Apps  Technical Track   
 Yuchao Huang  , Junjie Wang  , Zhe Liu  , Song Wang  , Chunyang Chen  , Mingyang Li  , Qing Wang 
 ContraBERT: Enhancing Code Pre-trained Models via Contrastive Learning  Technical Track   
 Shangqing Liu  , bozhi wu  , Xiaofei Xie  , Guozhu Meng  , Yang Liu 
 Coverage Guided Fault Injection for Cloud Systems  Technical Track   
 Yu Gao  , Wensheng Dou  , Dong Wang  , Wenhan Feng  , Jun Wei  , Hua Zhong  , Tao Huang    
  Pre-print 
 CrossCodeBench: Benchmarking Cross-Task Generalization of Source Code Models  Technical Track   
 Changan Niu  , Chuanyi Li  , Vincent Ng  , Bin Luo    
  Pre-print 
 Cross-Domain Requirements Linking via Adversarial-based Domain Adaptation  Technical Track   
 Zhiyuan Chang  , Mingyang Li  , Qing Wang  , Shoubin Li  , Junjie Wang 
 Data-driven Recurrent Set Learning For Non-termination Analysis  Technical Track   
 Zhilei Han  , Fei He 
 Data Quality for Software Vulnerability Datasets  Technical Track   
 Roland Croft  , Muhammad Ali Babar  , M. Mehdi Kholoosi    
  Pre-print 
 Data Quality Matters: A Case Study of ObsoleteComment Detection  Technical Track   
 Shengbin Xu  , Yuan Yao  , Feng Xu  , Tianxiao Gu  , Jingwei Xu  , Xiaoxing Ma    
  Pre-print 
 Decomposing a Recurrent Neural Network into Modules for Enabling Reusability and Replacement  Technical Track   
 Sayem Mohammad Imtiaz  , Fraol Batole  , Astha Singh  , Rangeet Pan  , Breno Dantas Cruz  , Hridesh Rajan    
  Pre-print 
 DeepArc: Modularizing Neural Networks for the Model Maintenance  Technical Track   
 xiaoning ren  , Yun Lin  , Yinxing Xue  , Ruofan Liu  , Jun Sun  , Zhiyong Feng  , Jin Song Dong 
 DeepVD: Toward Class-Separation Features for Neural Network Vulnerability Detection  Technical Track   
 Wenbo Wang  , Tien N. Nguyen  , Shaohua Wang  , Yi Li  , Jiyuan Zhang  , Aashish Yadavally    
  Pre-print 
 Demystifying Exploitable Bugs in Smart Contracts  Technical Track   
 Zhuo Zhang  , Brian Zhang  , Wen Xu  , Zhiqiang Lin    
  Pre-print 
 Demystifying Issues, Challenges, and Solutions for Multilingual Software Development  Technical Track   
 Haoran Yang  , Weile Lian  , Shaowei Wang  , Haipeng Cai    
  Pre-print 
 Demystifying Privacy Policy of Third-Party Libraries in Mobile Apps  Technical Track   
 Kaifa ZHAO  , Xian Zhan  , Le Yu  , Shiyao Zhou  , Hao Zhou  , Xiapu Luo  , Haoyu Wang  , Yepang Liu    
  Pre-print 
 Dependency Facade: The Coupling and Conflicts between Android Framework and Its Customization  Technical Track   
 Wuxia Jin  , Yitong Dai  , Jianguo Zheng  , Yu Qu  , Ming Fan  , Zhenyu Huang  , Dezhi Huang  , Ting Liu 
 Detecting Dialog-Related Keyboard Navigation Failures in Web Applications  Technical Track   
 Paul T. Chiou  , Ali S. Alotaibi  , William G.J. Halfond 
 Detecting Exception Handling Bugs in C++ Programs  Technical Track   
 Hao Zhang  , Ji Luo  , Mengze Hu  , Jun Yan  , Jian Zhang  , Zongyan Qiu 
 Detecting Isolation Bugs via Transaction Oracle Construction  Technical Track   
 Wensheng Dou  , Ziyu Cui  , Qianwang Dai  , Jiansen Song  , Dong Wang  , Yu Gao  , Wei Wang  , Jun Wei  , Lei Chen  , Hanmo Wang  , Hua Zhong  , Tao Huang    
  Pre-print 
 Detecting JVM JIT Compiler Bugs via Exploring Two-Dimensional Input Spaces  Technical Track   
 Haoxiang Jia  , Ming Wen  , Zifan Xie  , Xiaochen Guo  , Rongxin Wu  , Maolin Sun  , Kang Chen  , Hai Jin    
  Pre-print 
 Developer-Intent Driven Code Comment Generation  Technical Track   
 Fangwen Mu  , Xiao Chen  , Lin Shi  , Song Wang  , Qing Wang    
  Pre-print 
 Developers’ Visuo-spatial Mental Model and Program Comprehension  Technical Track   
 Abir Bouraffa  , Gian-Luca Fuhrmann  , Walid Maalej    
  Pre-print 
 Did We Miss Something Important? Studying and Exploring Variable-Aware Log Abstraction  Technical Track   
 Zhenhao Li  , Chuan Luo  , Tse-Hsun (Peter) Chen  , Weiyi Shang  , Shilin He  , Qingwei Lin  , Dongmei Zhang 
 Diver: Oracle-Guided SMT Solver Testing with Unrestricted Random Mutations  Technical Track   
 Jongwook Kim  , Sunbeom So  , Hakjoo Oh 
 DLInfer: Deep Learning with Static Slicing for Python Type Inference  Technical Track   
 Yanyan Yan  , Yang Feng  , Hongcheng Fan  , Baowen Xu 
 Do code refactorings influence the merge effort?  Technical Track   
 André Oliveira  , Vania Neves  , Alexandre Plastino  , Ana Carla Bibiano  , Alessandro Garcia  , Leonardo Murta 
 Does data sampling improve deep learning-based vulnerability detection? Yeas! and Nays!  Technical Track   
 Xu Yang  , Shaowei Wang  , Yi Li  , Shaohua Wang    
  Pre-print 
 Does the Stream API Benefit from Special Debugging Facilities? A Controlled Experiment on Loops and Streams with Specific Debuggers  Technical Track   
 Jan Reichl  , Stefan Hanenberg  , Volker Gruhn    
  Pre-print 
 Do I Belong? Modeling Sense of Virtual Community Among Linux Kernel Contributors     Technical Track   
 Bianca Trinkenreich  , Klaas-Jan Stol  , Anita Sarma  , Daniel M. German  , Marco Gerosa  , Igor Steinmacher    
  Pre-print 
 Doppelganger Test Generation for Revealing Bugs in Autonomous Driving Software  Technical Track   
 Yuqi Huai  , Yuntianyi Chen  , Sumaya Almanee  , Tuan Ngo  , Xiang Liao  , Ziwen Wan  , Qi Alfred Chen  , Joshua Garcia    
  Pre-print 
 DStream: A Streaming-Based Highly Parallel IFDS Framework  Technical Track   
 Xizao Wang  , Zhiqiang Zuo  , Lei Bu  , Jianhua Zhao 
 DuetCS: Code Style Transfer through Generation and Retrieval  Technical Track   
 Binger Chen  , Ziawasch Abedjan 
 Eadro: An End-to-End Troubleshooting Framework for Microservices on Multi-source Data  Technical Track   
 Cheryl Lee  , Tianyi Yang  , Zhuangbin Chen  , Yuxin Su  , Michael Lyu    
  Pre-print 
 ECSTATIC: An Extensible Framework for Testing and Debugging Configurable Static Analysis  Technical Track   
 Austin Mordahl  , Zenong Zhang  , Dakota Soles  , Shiyi Wei    
  Pre-print 
 Efficiency Matters: Speeding Up Automated Testing with GUI Rendering Inference     Technical Track   
 Sidong Feng  , Mulong Xie  , Chunyang Chen    
  Pre-print 
 Enhancing Deep Learning-based Vulnerability Detection by Building Behavior Graph Model  Technical Track   
 Bin Yuan  , Yifan Lu  , Yilin Fang  , Yueming Wu  , Deqing Zou  , Zhen Li  , Zhi Li  , Hai Jin 
 Evaluating and Improving Hybrid Fuzzing  Technical Track   
 Ling Jiang  , Hengchen Yuan  , Mingyuan Wu  , Lingming Zhang  , Yuqun Zhang 
 Evaluating the Impact of Experimental Assumptions in Automated Fault Localization  Technical Track   
 Ezekiel Soremekun  , Lukas Kirschner  , Marcel Böhme  , Mike Papadakis    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 Evidence Profiles for Validity Threats in Program Comprehension Experiments  Technical Track   
 Marvin Muñoz Barón  , Marvin Wyrich  , Daniel Graziotin  , Stefan Wagner    
  Pre-print 
 Ex pede Herculem: Augmenting Activity Transition Graph for Apps via Graph Convolution Network  Technical Track   
 Zhe Liu  , Chunyang Chen  , Junjie Wang  , Yuhui Su  , Yuekai Huang  , Jun Hu  , Qing Wang 
 Explaining Software Bugs Leveraging Code Structures in Neural Machine Translation  Technical Track   
 Parvez Mahbub  , Ohiduzzaman Shuvo  , Masud Rahman    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 Fairify: Fairness Verification of Neural Networks  Technical Track   
 Sumon Biswas  , Hridesh Rajan    
  Pre-print 
 Faster or Slower? Performance Mystery of Python Idioms Unveiled with Empirical Evidence  Technical Track   
 zejun zhang  , Zhenchang Xing  , Xin Xia  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  , Liming Zhu  , Qinghua Lu 
 FedDebug: Systematic Debugging for Federated Learning Applications  Technical Track   
 Waris Gill  , Ali Anwar  , Muhammad Ali Gulzar 
 FedSlice: Protecting Federated Learning Models from Malicious Participants with Model Slicing  Technical Track   
 Ziqi Zhang  , Yuanchun Li  , Bingyan Liu  , Yifeng Cai  , Ding Li  , Yao Guo  , Xiangqun Chen 
 Fill in the Blank: Context-aware Automated Text Input Generation for Mobile GUI Testing  Technical Track   
 Zhe Liu  , Chunyang Chen  , Junjie Wang  , Xing Che  , Yuekai Huang  , Jun Hu  , Qing Wang    
  Pre-print 
 Finding Causally Different Tests for an Industrial Control System  Technical Track   
 Chris Poskitt  , Yuqi Chen  , Jun Sun  , Yu Jiang    
  DOI   Pre-print   File Attached 
 Fine-grained Commit-level Vulnerability Type Prediction By CWE Tree Structure  Technical Track   
 Shengyi Pan  , Lingfeng Bao  , Xin Xia  , David Lo  , Shanping Li    
  Pre-print 
 Flexible and Optimal Dependency Management via Max-SMT  Technical Track   
 Donald Pinckney  , Federico Cassano  , Arjun Guha  , Jonathan Bell  , Massimiliano Culpo  , Todd Gamblin    
  Pre-print 
 Fonte: Finding Bug Inducing Commits from Failures  Technical Track   
 Gabin An  , Jingun Hong  , Naryeong Kim  , Shin Yoo    
  Pre-print 
 From Organizations to Individuals: Psychoactive Substance Use By Professional Programmers  Technical Track   
 Kaia Newman  , Madeline Endres  , Westley Weimer  , Brittany Johnson    
  Pre-print 
 Fuzzing Automatic Differentiation in Deep-Learning Libraries  Technical Track   
 Chenyuan Yang  , Yinlin Deng  , Jiayi Yao  , Yuxing Tu  , Hanchi Li  , Lingming Zhang 
 GameRTS: A Regression Testing Framework for Video Games  Technical Track   
 Jiongchi Yu  , Yuechen Wu  , Xiaofei Xie  , Wei Le  , Lei Ma  , Yingfeng Chen  , Yujing Hu  , Fan Zhang 
 Generating Realistic and Diverse Tests for LiDAR-Based Perception Systems  Technical Track   
 Garrett Christian  , Trey Woodlief  , Sebastian Elbaum    
  Pre-print 
 Generating Test Databases for Database-Backed Applications  Technical Track   
 Cong Yan  , Suman Nath  , Shan Lu 
 Heterogeneous Anomaly Detection for Software Systems via Semi-supervised Cross-modal Attention  Technical Track   
 Cheryl Lee  , Tianyi Yang  , Zhuangbin Chen  , Yuxin Su  , Yongqiang Yang  , Michael Lyu    
  Pre-print 
 How Do Developers' Profiles and Experiences Influence their Logging Practices? An Empirical Study of Industrial Practitioners  Technical Track   
 Guoping Rong  , shenghui gu  , Haifeng Shen  , He Zhang  , Hongyu Kuang 
 How Do We Read Formal Claims? Eye-Tracking and the Cognition of Proofs about Algorithms  Technical Track   
 Hammad Ahmad  , Zachary Karas  , Kimberly Diaz  , Amir Kamil  , Jean-Baptiste Jeannin  , Westley Weimer 
 Identifying Key Classes for Initial Software Comprehension: Can We Do It Better?  Technical Track   
 Weifeng Pan  , Xin Du  , Hua Ming  , Dae-Kyoo Kim  , Zijiang Yang 
 Impact of Code Language Models on Automated Program Repair  Technical Track   
 Nan Jiang  , Kevin Liu  , Thibaud Lutellier  , Lin Tan    
  Pre-print 
 Improving API Knowledge Discovery with ML: A Case Study of Comparable API Methods  Technical Track   
 Daye Nam  , Brad A. Myers  , Bogdan Vasilescu  , Vincent J. Hellendoorn    
  Pre-print 
 Improving Java Deserialization Gadget Chain Mining via Overriding-Guided Object Generation  Technical Track   
 Sicong Cao  , Xiaobing Sun  , Xiaoxue Wu  , Lili Bo  , Bin Li  , Rongxin Wu  , Wei Liu  , Biao He  , Yu Ouyang  , Jiajia Li 
 Incident-aware Duplicate Ticket Aggregation for Cloud Systems  Technical Track   
 Jinyang Liu  , Shilin He  , Zhuangbin Chen  , Liqun Li  , Yu Kang  , Xu Zhang  , Pinjia He  , Hongyu Zhang  , Qingwei Lin  , Zhangwei Xu  , Saravan Rajmohan  , Dongmei Zhang  , Michael Lyu 
 Information-Theoretic Testing and Debugging of Fairness Defects in Deep Neural Networks  Technical Track   
 Verya Monjezi  , Ashutosh Trivedi  , Gang (Gary) Tan  , Saeid Tizpaz-Niari    
  Pre-print 
 Is It Enough to Recommend Tasks to Newcomers? Understanding Mentoring on Good First Issues  Technical Track   
 Xin Tan  , Yiran Chen  , Haohua Wu  , Minghui Zhou  , Li Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 JITfuzz: Coverage-guided Fuzzing for JVM Just-in-Time Compilers  Technical Track   
 Mingyuan Wu  , Minghai Lu  , Heming Cui  , Junjie Chen  , Yuqun Zhang  , Lingming Zhang 
 Keeping Pace with Ever-Increasing Data: Towards Continual Learning of Code Intelligence Models  Technical Track   
 Shuzheng Gao  , Hongyu Zhang  , Cuiyun Gao  , Chaozheng Wang 
 Keyword Extraction From Specification Documents for Planning Security Mechanisms  Technical Track   
 Jeffy Jahfar Poozhithara  , Hazeline Asuncion  , Brent Lagesse    
  Pre-print 
 KNOD: Domain Knowledge Distilled Tree Decoder for Automated Program Repair  Technical Track   
 Nan Jiang  , Thibaud Lutellier  , Yiling Lou  , Lin Tan  , Dan Goldwasser  , Xiangyu Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 Large Language Models are Few-shot Testers: Exploring LLM-based General Bug Reproduction  Technical Track   
 Sungmin Kang  , Juyeon Yoon  , Shin Yoo    
  Pre-print 
 Learning Deep Semantics for Test Completion  Technical Track   
 Pengyu Nie  , Rahul Banerjee  , Junyi Jessy Li  , Raymond Mooney  , Milos Gligoric 
 Learning Graph-based Code Representations for Source-level Functional Similarity Detection  Technical Track   
 Jiahao Liu  , Jun Zeng  , Xiang Wang  , Zhenkai Liang 
 Learning Seed-Adaptive Mutation Strategies for Greybox Fuzzing  Technical Track   
 Myungho Lee  , Sooyoung Cha  , Hakjoo Oh 
 Learning to Boost Disjunctive Static Bug-Finders  Technical Track   
 Yoonseok Ko  , Hakjoo Oh 
 Lejacon: A Lightweight and Efficient Approach to Java Confidential Computing on SGX     Technical Track   
 Xinyuan Miao  , Ziyi Lin  , Shaojun Wang  , Lei Yu  , Sanhong Li  , Zihan Wang  , Pengbo Nie  , Yuting Chen  , Beijun Shen  , He Jiang    
  Pre-print 
 Leveraging Feature Bias for Scalable Misprediction Explanation of Machine Learning Models  Technical Track   
 Jiri Gesi  , Xinyun Shen  , Yunfan Geng  , Qihong Chen  , Iftekhar Ahmed 
 Lightweight Approaches to DNN Regression Error Reduction: An Uncertainty Alignment Perspective  Technical Track   
 Zenan Li  , Maorun Zhang  , Jingwei Xu  , Yuan Yao  , Chun Cao  , Taolue Chen  , Xiaoxing Ma  , Jian Lu    
  Pre-print 
 Locating Framework-specific Crashing Faults with Compact and Explainable Candidate Set  Technical Track   
 Jiwei Yan  , MiaoMiao Wang  , Yepang Liu  , Jun Yan  , Long Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 Log Parsing with Prompt-based Few-shot Learning  Technical Track   
 Van-Hoang Le  , Hongyu Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 LogReducer: Identify and Reduce Log Hotspots in Kernel on the Fly  Technical Track   
 Guangba Yu  , Pengfei Chen  , Pairui Li  , Tianjun Weng  , Haibing Zheng  , Yuetang Deng  , Zibin Zheng    
  Pre-print 
 Many-Objective Reinforcement Learning for Online Testing of DNN-Enabled Systems  Technical Track   
 Fitash ul haq  , Donghwan Shin  , Lionel Briand    
  Pre-print 
 Measuring and Mitigating Gaps in Structural Testing  Technical Track   
 Soneya Binta Hossain  , Matthew B Dwyer  , Sebastian Elbaum  , Anh Nguyen-Tuong    
  Pre-print 
 Measuring Secure Coding Practice and Culture: A Finger Pointing at the Moon is not the Moon  Technical Track   
 Ita Ryan  , Utz Roedig  , Klaas-Jan Stol    
  Pre-print 
 Metamorphic Shader Fusion for Testing Graphics Shader Compilers  Technical Track   
 Dongwei Xiao  , Zhibo Liu  , Shuai Wang 
 MirrorTaint: Practical Non-intrusive Dynamic Taint Tracking for JVM-based Microservice Systems  Technical Track   
 Yicheng Ouyang  , Kailai Shao  , Kunqiu Chen  , Ruobing Shen  , Chao Chen  , Mingze Xu  , Yuqun Zhang  , Lingming Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 MorphQ: Metamorphic Testing of the Qiskit Quantum Computing Platform  Technical Track   
 Matteo Paltenghi  , Michael Pradel    
  Pre-print 
 Moving on from the software engineers' gambit: an approach to support the defense of software effort estimates  Technical Track   
 Patricia Matsubara  , Igor Steinmacher  , Bruno Gadelha  , Tayana Conte    
  Pre-print 
 MTTM: Metamorphic Testing for Textual Content Moderation Software  Technical Track   
 Wenxuan Wang  , Jen-tse Huang  , Weibin Wu  , Jianping Zhang  , Yizhan Huang  , Shuqing Li  , Pinjia He  , Michael Lyu 
 On-Demand Security Requirements Synthesis with Relational Generative Adversarial Networks (RelGAN)  Technical Track   
 Viktoria Koscinski  , Sara Hashemi  , Mehdi Mirakhorli 
 One Adapter for All Programming Languages? Adapter Tuning for Multilingual Tasks in Software Engineering  Technical Track   
 Deze Wang  , Boxing Chen  , Shanshan Li  , Wei Luo  , Shaoliang Peng  , Wei Dong  , Liao Xiangke 
 On Privacy Weaknesses and Vulnerabilities in Software Systems  Technical Track   
 Pattaraporn Sangaroonsilp  , Hoa Khanh Dam  , Aditya Ghose 
 On the Applicability of Language Models to Block-Based Programs  Technical Track   
 Elisabeth Griebl  , Benedikt Fein  , Florian Obermueller  , Gordon Fraser  , René Just 
 On the Reproducibility of Software Defect Datasets  Technical Track   
 Hao-Nan Zhu  , Cindy Rubio-González 
 On the Robustness of Code Generation Techniques: An Empirical Study on GitHub Copilot  Technical Track   
 Antonio Mastropaolo  , Luca Pascarella  , Emanuela Guglielmi  , Matteo Ciniselli  , Simone Scalabrino  , Rocco Oliveto  , Gabriele Bavota 
 On the Self-Governance and Episodic Changes in Apache Incubator Projects: An Empirical Study  Technical Track   
 Likang Yin  , Xiyu Zhang  , Vladimir Filkov 
 On the Temporal Relations between Logging and Code  Technical Track   
 Zishuo Ding  , Yiming Tang  , Yang Li  , Heng Li  , Weiyi Shang    
  Pre-print 
 Operand-Variation-Oriented Differential Analysis for Fuzzing Binding Calls in PDF Readers  Technical Track   
 Suyue Guo  , Xinyu Wan  , Wei You  , Bin Liang  , Wenchang Shi  , Yiwei Zhang  , Jianjun Huang  , Jian Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 OSSFP: Precise and Scalable C/C++ Third-Party Library Detection using Fingerprinting Functions  Technical Track   
 Wu Jiahui  , Zhengzi Xu  , Wei Tang  , Lyuye Zhang  , Yueming Wu  , Chengyue Liu  , Kairan Sun  , Lida Zhao  , Yang Liu 
 (Partial) Program Dependence Learning  Technical Track   
 Aashish Yadavally  , Wenbo Wang  , Shaohua Wang  , Tien N. Nguyen    
  Pre-print 
 PExReport: Automatic Creation of Pruned Executable Cross-Project Failure Reports  Technical Track   
 Sunzhou Huang  , Xiaoyin Wang    
  Pre-print   Media Attached 
 PILAR: Studying and Mitigating the Influence of Configurations on Log Parsing  Technical Track   
 Hetong Dai  , Yiming Tang  , Heng Li  , Weiyi Shang 
 Practical and Efficient Model Extraction of Sentiment Analysis APIs  Technical Track   
 Weibin Wu  , Jianping Zhang  , Victor Junqiu Wei  , Xixian Chen  , Zibin Zheng  , Irwin King  , Michael Lyu 
 Predicting Bugs by Monitoring Developers During Task Execution  Technical Track   
 Gennaro Laudato  , Simone Scalabrino  , Nicole Novielli  , Filippo Lanubile  , Rocco Oliveto 
 PTPDroid: Detecting Violated User Privacy Disclosures to Third-Parties of Android Apps  Technical Track   
 Zeya Tan  , Wei Song    
  Pre-print 
 PyEvolve: Automating Frequent Code Changes in Python ML Systems  Technical Track   
 Malinda Dilhara  , Danny Dig  , Ameya Ketkar    
  Pre-print 
 RAT: A Refactoring-Aware Traceability Model for Bug Localization  Technical Track   
 Feifei Niu  , Wesley Assunção  , Liguo Huang  , Christoph Mayr-Dorn  , Jidong Ge  , Bin Luo  , Alexander Egyed    
  File Attached 
 Reachable Code Coverage  Technical Track   
 Danushka Liyanage  , Marcel Böhme  , Kla Tantithamthavorn  , Stephan Lipp 
 Read It, Don't Watch It: Captioning Bug Recordings Automatically  Technical Track   
 Sidong Feng  , Mulong Xie  , Yinxing Xue  , Chunyang Chen    
  Pre-print 
 Recommending Root-Cause and Mitigation Steps for Cloud Incidents using Large Language Models  Technical Track   
 Toufique Ahmed  , Supriyo Ghosh  , Chetan Bansal  , Thomas Zimmermann  , Xuchao Zhang  , Saravanakumar Rajmohan    
  Pre-print 
 Regression Fuzzing for Deep Learning Systems  Technical Track   
 Hanmo You  , Zan Wang  , Junjie Chen  , Shuang Liu  , Shuochuan Li 
 Reliability Assurance for Deep Neural Network Architectures Against Numerical Defects  Technical Track   
 Linyi Li  , Yuhao Zhang  , Luyao Ren  , Yingfei Xiong  , Tao Xie    
  Pre-print 
 RepresentThemAll: A Universal Learning Representation of Bug Reports  Technical Track   
 Sen Fang  , Tao Zhang  , Youshuai Tan  , He Jiang  , Xin Xia  , Xiaobing Sun 
 Responsibility in Context: On Applicability of Slicing in Semantic Regression Analysis  Technical Track   
 Sahar Badihi  , Khaled Ahmed  , Yi Li  , Julia Rubin    
  Pre-print 
 Rete: Learning Namespace Representation for Program Repair     Technical Track   
 Nikhil Parasaram  , Earl T. Barr  , Sergey Mechtaev    
  Link to publication   Pre-print 
 Retrieval-Based Prompt Selection for Code-Related Few-Shot Learning  Technical Track   
 Noor Nashid  , Mifta Sintaha  , Ali Mesbah    
  Pre-print 
 Reusing Deep Neural Network Models through Model Re-engineering  Technical Track   
 Binhang Qi  , Hailong Sun  , Xiang Gao  , Hongyu Zhang  , Zhaotian Li  , Xudong Liu 
 Revisiting Learning-based Commit Message Generation  Technical Track   
 Jinhao Dong  , Yiling Lou  , Dan Hao  , Lin Tan    
  Pre-print 
 Revisiting Neuron Coverage for DNN Testing: A Layer-Wise and Distribution-Aware Criterion  Technical Track   
 Yuanyuan Yuan  , Qi Pang  , Shuai Wang 
 Robustification of Behavioral Designs against Environmental Deviations  Technical Track   
 Changjian Zhang  , Tarang Saluja  , Rômulo Meira-Góes  , Matthew Bolton  , David Garlan  , Eunsuk Kang    
  Pre-print 
 Rules of Engagement: Why and How Companies Participate in OSS  Technical Track   
 Mariam Guizani  , Aileen Abril Castro-Guzman  , Anita Sarma  , Igor Steinmacher    
  Pre-print 
 Safe low-level code without overhead is practical  Technical Track   
 Solal Pirelli  , George Candea    
  Pre-print 
 SecBench.js: An Executable Security Benchmark Suite for Server-Side JavaScript  Technical Track   
 Masudul Hasan Masud Bhuiyan  , Adithya Srinivas Parthasarathy  , Nikos Vasilakis  , Michael Pradel  , Cristian-Alexandru Staicu    
  Pre-print 
 SeeHow: Workflow Extraction from Programming Screencasts through Action-Aware Video Analytics  Technical Track   
 Dehai Zhao  , Zhenchang Xing  , Xin Xia  , Deheng Ye  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  , Liming Zhu 
 Semi-Automatic, Inline and Collaborative Web Page Code Curations  Technical Track   
 Roy Rutishauser  , André N. Meyer  , Reid Holmes  , Thomas Fritz 
 Sibyl: Improving Software Engineering Tools with SMT Selection     Technical Track   
 Will Leeson  , Matthew B Dwyer  , Antonio Filieri    
  Pre-print 
 Silent Vulnerable Dependency Alert Prediction with Vulnerability Key Aspect Explanation  Technical Track   
 Jiamou Sun  , Zhenchang Xing  , Qinghua Lu  , Xiwei (Sherry) Xu  , Liming Zhu  , Thong Hoang  , Dehai Zhao 
 SkCoder: A Sketch-based Approach for Automatic Code Generation  Technical Track   
 Jia Li  , Yongmin Li  , Ge Li  , Zhi Jin  , Xing Hu    
  Pre-print 
 SmallRace: Static Race Detection for Dynamic Languages - A Case on Smalltalk  Technical Track   
 Siwei Cui  , Yifei Gao  , Rainer Unterguggenberger  , Wilfried Pichler  , Sean Livingstone  , Jeff Huang    
  Pre-print 
 SmartMark: Software Watermarking Scheme for Smart Contracts  Technical Track   
 Taeyoung Kim  , Yunhee Jang  , Chanjong Lee  , Hyungjoon Koo  , hyoungshick kim 
 Socio-Technical Anti-Patterns in Building ML-Enabled Software: Insights from Leaders on the Forefront  Technical Track   
 Alina Mailach  , Norbert Siegmund    
  Pre-print 
 Source Code Recommender Systems: The Practitioners' Perspective  Technical Track   
 Matteo Ciniselli  , Luca Pascarella  , Emad Aghajani  , Simone Scalabrino  , Rocco Oliveto  , Gabriele Bavota 
 “STILL AROUND”: Experiences and Survival Strategies of Veteran Women Software Developers     Technical Track   
 Sterre van Breukelen  , Ann Barcomb  , Sebastian Baltes  , Alexander Serebrenik    
  Pre-print 
 Strategies, Benefits and Challenges of App Store-inspired Requirements Elicitation  Technical Track   
 Alessio Ferrari  , Paola Spoletini    
  Pre-print 
 Sustainability is Stratified: Toward a Better Theory of Sustainable Software Engineering  Technical Track   
 Erin Schultz  , Sean McGuire  , Bimpe Ayoola  , Paul Ralph    
  Pre-print 
 Syntax and Domain Aware Model for Unsupervised Program Translation  Technical Track   
 Fang Liu  , Jia Li  , Li Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 TAINTMINI: Detecting Flow of Sensitive Data in Mini-Programs with Static Taint Analysis  Technical Track   
 Chao Wang  , Ronny Ko  , Yue Zhang  , Yuqing Yang  , Zhiqiang Lin 
 Tare: Type-Aware Neural Program Repair  Technical Track   
 Qihao Zhu  , Zeyu Sun  , Wenjie Zhang  , Yingfei Xiong  , Lu Zhang 
 Template-based Neural Program Repair  Technical Track   
 Xiangxin Meng  , Xu Wang  , Hongyu Zhang  , Hailong Sun  , Xudong Liu  , Chunming Hu    
  Pre-print 
 Testability Refactoring in Pull Requests: Patterns and Trends  Technical Track   
 Pavel Reich  , Walid Maalej    
  Pre-print 
 Testing Database Engines via Query Plan Guidance     Technical Track   
 Jinsheng Ba  , Manuel Rigger    
  Pre-print 
 Testing Database Systems via Differential Query Execution  Technical Track   
 Jiansen Song  , Wensheng Dou  , Ziyu Cui  , Qianwang Dai  , Wei Wang  , Jun Wei  , Hua Zhong  , Tao Huang    
  Pre-print 
 Test Selection for Unified Regression Testing  Technical Track   
 Shuai Wang  , Xinyu Lian  , Darko Marinov  , Tianyin Xu    
  Pre-print 
 The Smelly Eight: An Empirical Study on the Prevalence of Code Smells in Quantum Computing  Technical Track   
 Qihong Chen  , Rúben Câmara  , José Campos  , André Souto  , Iftekhar Ahmed    
  Pre-print 
 The untold story of code refactoring customizations in practice  Technical Track   
 Daniel Oliveira  , Wesley Assunção  , Alessandro Garcia  , Ana Carla Bibiano  , Márcio Ribeiro  , Rohit Gheyi  , Baldoino Fonseca    
  Pre-print 
 Tolerate Control-Flow Changes for Sound Data Race Prediction  Technical Track   
 Shihao Zhu  , Yuqi Guo  , Long Zhang  , Yan Cai 
 Towards Understanding Fairness and its Composition in Ensemble Machine Learning  Technical Track   
 Usman Gohar  , Sumon Biswas  , Hridesh Rajan    
  Pre-print 
 Triggers for Reactive Synthesis Specifications  Technical Track   
 Gal Amram  , Dor Ma'ayan  , Shahar Maoz  , Or Pistiner  , Jan Oliver Ringert    
  Pre-print 
 Turn the Rudder: A Beacon of Reentrancy Detection for Smart Contracts on Ethereum  Technical Track   
 Zibin Zheng  , Neng Zhang  , Jianzhong Su  , Zhijie Zhong  , Mingxi Ye  , Jiachi Chen    
  Pre-print 
 Twins or False Friends? A Study on Energy Consumption and Performance of Configurable Software  Technical Track   
 Max Weber  , Christian Kaltenecker  , Florian Sattler  , Sven Apel  , Norbert Siegmund    
  Link to publication 
 Two Sides of the Same Coin: Exploiting the Impact of Identifiers in Neural Code Comprehension  Technical Track   
 Shuzheng Gao  , Cuiyun Gao  , Chaozheng Wang  , Jun Sun  , David Lo  , Yue Yu 
 Understanding and Detecting On-the-Fly Configuration Bugs     Technical Track   
 Teng Wang  , Zhouyang Jia  , Shanshan Li  , Si Zheng  , Yue Yu  , Erci Xu  , Shaoliang Peng  , Liao Xiangke    
  Pre-print 
 Understanding the Threats of Upstream Vulnerabilities to Downstream Projects in the Maven Ecosystem  Technical Track   
 Yulun Wu  , Zeliang Yu  , Ming Wen  , Qiang Li  , Deqing Zou  , Hai Jin    
  Pre-print 
 UpCy: Safely Updating Outdated Dependencies  Technical Track   
 Andreas Dann  , Ben Hermann  , Eric Bodden    
  Pre-print 
 Usability-Oriented Design of Liquid Types for Java  Technical Track   
 Catarina Gamboa  , Paulo Canelas  , Christopher Steven Timperley  , Alcides Fonseca    
  DOI 
 Using Reactive Synthesis: An End-to-End Exploratory Case Study  Technical Track   
 Dor Ma'ayan  , Shahar Maoz    
  Pre-print 
 Validating SMT Solvers via Skeleton Enumeration Empowered by Historical Bug-Triggering Inputs  Technical Track   
 Maolin Sun  , Yibiao Yang  , Ming Wen  , Yongcong Wang  , Yuming Zhou  , Hai Jin    
  Pre-print 
 Verifying Data Constraint Equivalence in FinTech Systems  Technical Track   
 Chengpeng Wang  , Gang Fan  , Peisen Yao  , Fuxiong Pan  , Charles Zhang    
  Pre-print 
 ViolationTracker: Building Precise Histories for Static Analysis Violations  Technical Track   
 Ping Yu  , Yijian Wu  , Xin Peng  , Jiahan Peng  , Jian Zhang  , Peicheng Xie  , Wenyun Zhao    
  Pre-print 
 VulGen: Realistic Vulnerability Generation Via Pattern Mining and Deep Learning  Technical Track   
 Yu Nong  , Yuzhe Ou  , Michael Pradel  , Feng Chen  , Haipeng Cai    
  Pre-print 
 Vulnerability Detection with Graph Simplification and Enhanced Graph Representation Learning  Technical Track   
 Xin-Cheng Wen  , Yupan  , Cuiyun Gao  , Hongyu Zhang  , Jie M. Zhang  , Qing Liao 
 What Challenges Do Developers Face About Checked-in Secrets in Software Artifacts?  Technical Track   
 Setu Kumar Basak  , Lorenzo Neil  , Bradley Reaves  , Laurie Williams    
  Pre-print 
 When and Why Test Generators for Deep Learning Produce Invalid Inputs: an Empirical Study  Technical Track   
 Vincenzo Riccio  , Paolo Tonella    
  Pre-print 
 When to Say What: Learning to Find Condition-Message Inconsistencies  Technical Track   
 Islem BOUZENIA  , Michael Pradel    
  Pre-print 
 Which of My Assumptions are Unnecessary for Realizability and Why Should I Care?  Technical Track   
 Rafi Shalom  , Shahar Maoz    
  Pre-print 

 .  

 ICSE 2023 open science policy  
   
 ICSE 2023 open science policy   
 As a conference sponsored by ACM SIGSOFT, ICSE 2023 adheres to open science policies  as adopted by SIGSOFT  . The text below is based on v0.9.9 of these policies.  
  Open science policies    
 Openness in science is key to fostering progress via transparency and availability of all outputs produced at each investigative steps. Transparency and availability of research outputs allow better reproducibility, replicability of quantitative studies and recoverability of qualitative studies. Open science builds the core for excellence in evidence-based research.  
 As an internationally renowned forum for researchers, practitioners, and educators to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends experiences, and challenges in the field of software engineering, ICSE 2023 (continuing the tradition of previous editions) actively supports setting standards for how we conduct this kind of research.  
 To this end, we have explicitly committed ourselves to foster openness to our research outcomes. In particular, we support the adoption of open data and open source principles. We encourage all contributing authors to disclose the (anonymized and curated) data to increase reproducibility replicability, and/or recoverability of the studies.  
  Principles    
 Research output should be publicly and freely accessible by anyone permanently.  
 Artifacts related to a study (which include, but are not limited to, raw and transformed data, extended proofs, appendices, analysis scripts software, virtual machines and containers, and qualitative codebooks) and the paper itself should, in principle, be made available on the Internet:  
 without any barrier (e.g., paywalls, registration forms, request mechanisms), 
  under a proper | open license | that specifies purposes for re-use and repurposing, properly | archived and preserved | , 
  provided that there are no ethical, legal, technical, economic, or sensible barriers preventing the disclosure. 
   Open artifacts    
 Fostering artifacts as open data and open source should be done as:  
 ● Archived on preserved digital repositories such as zenodo.org  , figshare.com  , www.softwareheritage.org  , osf.io  , or institutional repositories. GitHub, GitLab, and similar services for version control systems do not offer properly archived and preserved data. Personal or institutional websites, consumer cloud storage such as Dropbox, or services such as Academia.edu and Researchgate.net do not provide properly archived and preserved data.  
 ● Released under a proper open data license such as the CC0  dedication or the CC-BY 4.0  license when publishing the data.  
 ● Software can be released under an open source license  .  
 ● Different open licenses, if mandated by institutions or regulations, are also permitted.  
 ● We encourage authors to make artifacts available upon submission (either privately or publicly) and upon acceptance (publicly).  
  Supporting statement    
 We ask authors to provide a supporting statement on the data availability (or lack thereof) in their submitted papers in a section named Data Availability after the Conclusion section.  
 Authors who cannot disclose data for the reasons stated in the principles of the policies should provide a short statement in their submitted papers in a section named Data Availability after the Conclusion  section.  
 Please note that the success of the open science initiative depends on the willingness (and possibilities) of authors to disclose their data and that all submissions will undergo the same review process independent of whether they disclose their analysis code or data.  
  HOWTOs    
 A step-by-step approach to disclosing artifacts for (doubly-anonymous) peer review and make it open data upon acceptance is available online  .  
 A step-by-step approach to automatically archive a GitHub repository to Zenodo.org is available at https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code/  .  
 A step-by-step approach to automatically archive a GitHub repository to figshare.com is available at https://knowledge.figshare.com/articles/item/how-to-connect-figshare-with-your-github-account  .  
 A proposal for artifact evaluation by SIGSOFT is available at https://github.com/acmsigsoft/artifact-evaluation  .  
 A proposal for open science in software engineering, including explanations for structuring an open artifact, is available at https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.06499  .  
  Open Access    
 We encourage ICSE 2023 authors to self-archive their pre- and post-prints in open and preserved repositories. Self-archiving is legal and allowed by most publishers (granted in the copyright transfer agreement), and it will enable anybody in the world to reach papers barrier-free.  
 Upon acceptance to ICSE 2023, we encourage authors to revise their article according to the peers’ comments, generate a PDF version of it (post-print), and submit it to arXiv.org or their institutional repository.  
 Unless authors are willing to pay the publisher for open access of their published papers (gold open access), they should pick the “arXiv.org - Non-exclusive license to distribute” license https://arxiv.org/licenses/nonexclusive-distrib/1.0/license.html  when submitting to arXiv.  
 Authors should avoid a Creative Commons license for their preprints, in any repository, if the published papers are not open access. More infos available here: https://avandeursen.com/2016/11/06/green-open-access-faq/#creative-commons  .  
 Note: Authors are not allowed to self-archive the PDF of the published article as typeset by the publisher (a.k.a. “publisher proof,” “published paper,” “the digital library version”).  
  HOWTOs    
 A comprehensive FAQ for open access and self-archiving is available at https://avandeursen.com/2016/11/06/green-open-access-faq/  .  
  Instructions for reviewers    
 ICSE 2023 has adopted an open science stance and introduced guidelines for authors (available at https://conf.researchr.org/track/icse-2023/icse-2023-open-science-policies  ). The policies invite authors to provide all research artifacts for peer review, self-archive their pre- and post-prints, and archive artifacts as open data upon acceptance. We kindly ask you to pay attention to the following, while reviewing:  
 All open science steps are optional for authors and reviewers. You are invited, but not required, to inspect the provided artifacts as part of your review efforts. 
  All reasons for partial disclosure of data (or lack thereof) should be trusted. 
  Submissions have to undergo the same review process independent of whether they disclose their analysis code or data. You are invited to complain in your review of any absence of data, but please do not let it influence your review of submissions. You are free to welcome further disclosure of data and help authors in doing so, with your review. 
  Open science is challenging for qualitative studies. Please be welcoming of qualitative studies which open their artifacts even in a limited way. Furthermore, when evaluating artifacts from qualitative studies that was made available for peer review, please keep in mind that authors of qualitative studies might have underlying ontological and epistemological stances that differ from those of authors of quantitative studies. Concepts such as replicability and reproducibility might apply partially or not apply at all with qualitative studies. 
  Providing research artifacts might introduce issues with doubly-anonymous reviews. We ask you not to actively hunt the identity of authors, especially in case they self-archived a preprint of their submission. License 
  New! | this year, for every paper, one designated reviewer will perform a lightweight check of the online/attached data (if available). Note this is not a thorough replicability check as it is done by the artifact track, but it has mainly the goal to check whether the dataset contains what was declared. 
  These open science policies are based on open science policies  by Daniel Graziotin  , licensed under CC0 1.0  .  
   
 Q/A  
   
 Please note that the processes described in this document are not used by all tracks. Check in the call for papers whether   
 sharing data is expected, and how. 
  double-anonymous review is used or not. 
   Empirical Studies and Sharing of Data  
  I am doing research with industry. What if I cannot share data from my research?  
 We absolutely welcome research with industry, as it often conveys important lessons about software engineering in practice – and we perfectly understand that industry data may be subject to confidentiality issues or legal requirements. If you cannot share data, please state the reason in the submission form and the paper; a typical wording would be "The raw data obtained in this study cannot be shared because of confidentiality agreements". Having said that, even sharing a subset of your data (for instance, the data used for figures and tables in the paper, an anonymized subset, or one that aggregates over the entire dataset), analysis procedures or scripts, would be useful.  
  I am doing user studies. What if I cannot share data from my empirical study?  
 We absolutely welcome user studies! However, we also perfectly understand that sharing raw data can be subject to constraints such as privacy issues. If you cannot share data, please state the reason in the submission form and the paper; a typical wording would be "The raw data obtained in this study cannot be shared because of privacy issues". Having said that, even sharing a subset of your data (for instance, the data used for figures and tables in the paper, an anonymized subset, or one that aggregates over the entire dataset), analysis procedures or scripts would be useful.  
  I am doing qualitative research. What information should I include to help reviewers assess my research results and the readers use my results?  
 Best practices for addressing the reliability and credibility of qualitative research suggest providing detailed arguments and rationale for qualitative approaches, procedures and analyses. Therefore, authors are advised to provide as much transparency as possible into these details of their study. For example, clearly explain details and decisions such as 1) context of study, 2) the participant-selection process and the theoretical basis for selecting those participants, 3) collection of data or evidence from participants, and 4) data analysis methods e.g. justify their choice theoretically and how they relate to the original research questions, and make explicit how the themes and concepts were identified from the data. Further, provide sufficient detail to bridge the gap between the interpretation of findings presented and the collected evidence by, for example, numbering quotations and labeling sources. Similar to replicability in quantitative research, the transparency aims to ensure a study’s methods are available for inspection and interpretation. However, replicability or repeatability is not the goal, as qualitative methods are inherently interpretive and emphasize context. As a consequence reporting qualitative research might require more space in the paper; authors should consider providing enough evidence for their claims while being mindful with the use of space.  
 Finally, when qualitative data is counted and used for quantitative methods, authors should report the technique and results in assessing rigour in data analysis procedures, such as inter-reliability tests or triangulation over different data sources or methods—, and justify how they achieved rigour if no such methods were used.  
  I can make my data set / my tool available, but it may reveal my identity. What should I do?  
 See this question under "double-anonymous submissions", below.  
  Double-Anonymous Submissions  
  Why double-anonymous?  
 There are many reasons for a submission track to employ a double-anonymous review process – not the least being the considerable number of requests to do so from the community. For more information on motivations for double-anonymous reviewing, see Claire Le Goues’s very well-argued, referenced and evidenced blog posting in favor of double-anonymous review processes for Software Engineering conferences  . See also a list of double-anonymous resources from Robert Feldt, as well as a more formal study of the subject  by Moritz Beller​​ and Alberto Bacchelli​​.  
  How can I prepare my paper for double-anonymous reviewing?  
 You must make every reasonable effort to honor the double-anonymous review process, but you do not need to guarantee that your identity is undiscoverable. The double-anonymous aspect of the review process is not to set up an adversarial identity-discovery process. Essentially the guiding principle should be to maximize the number of people who could plausibly be authors, subject to the constraint that no change is made to any technical details of the work. Therefore, you should ensure that the reviewers are able to read and review your paper without needing to know who any of the authors are. Specifically this involves at least adhering to the following three points:  
 Omit all authors’ names from the title page. 
  Refer to your own work in the third person. You should not change the names of your own tools, approaches or systems, since this would clearly compromise the review process; it would also violate the constraint that “no change is made to any technical details of the work”. Instead, refer to the authorship or provenance of tools, approaches or systems in the third person, so that it is credible that another author could have written your paper. 
  Do not rely on non-anonymous supplementary material (your web site, your github repository, a youTube channel, a companion technical report or thesis) in the paper or in the rebuttal submitted during the clarification period. Supplementary information might result in revealing author identities. 
  Here is some excellent advice on anonymization from ACM  .  
  I previously published an earlier version of this work in a venue that doesn’t have double-anonymous. What should I do about acknowledging that previous work?  
 If the work you are submitting for review has previously been published in a non-peer-reviewed venue (e.g., arXiv.org, or a departmental tech report), there is no need to cite it, because work that has not been refereed is not truly part of the scientific literature.  
 If the previous work is published in a peer-reviewed venue then it should be cited, but in the third person so that it is not revealed that the cited work and the submitted paper share one or more authors.  
  Our submission makes use of work from a PhD or master’s thesis, dissertation, or report which has been published. Citing the dissertation might compromise anonymity. What should we do?  
 It’s perfectly OK to publish work arising from a PhD or master’s degree, and there’s no need to cite it in an ICSE submission that is undergoing double-anonymous review because prior dissertation publication does not compromise novelty. In the final post-review, camera-ready version of the paper, please do cite the dissertation to acknowledge its contribution, but in any submission to an ICSE track employing a double-anonymous review process, please refrain from citing the dissertation, to increase anonymity.  
 You need not worry whether or not the dissertation has appeared. Your job is to ensure that your submission is readable and reviewable, without the reviewers needing to know the identities of the submission’s authors. You do not need to make it impossible for the reviewers to discover the authors’ identities. The referees will be trying hard not to discover the authors’ identity, so they will likely not be searching the web to check whether there is a dissertation related to this work.  
  What if we want to cite some unpublished work of our own (as motivation for example)?  
 If the unpublished paper is an earlier version of the paper you want to submit to ICSE and is currently under review then you have to wait until your earlier version is through its review process before you can build on it with further submissions (this would be considered double-submission and violates ACM plagiarism policy and procedures  ). Otherwise, if the unpublished work is not an earlier version of the proposed ICSE submission, then you should simply make it available on a website, for example, and cite it in the third person to preserve anonymity, as you are doing with others of your works. If your work is a tool, a data set, or some other resource, see the question on ‘resources already made available’, above.  
  Can I disseminate a non-anonymized version of my submitted work by discussing it with colleagues, giving talks publishing it at ArXiV, etc.?  
 You can discuss and present your work that is under submission at small meetings (e.g., job talks, visits to research labs, a Dagstuhl or Shonan meeting), but you should avoid broadly advertising it in a way that reaches the reviewers even if they are not searching for it. Whenever possible, please avoid posting your manuscript on public archives (e.g, ArXiV) before or during the submission period. Would you still prefer to do so, carefully avoid adding to the manuscript any reference to ICSE 2023 (E.g., using footnotes saying “Submitted to ICSE 2023”).  
  I can make my data set / my tool available, but it may reveal my identity. What should I do?  
 Please make an effort to anonymize your data set / your tool such that it does not reveal your identity. If that is impossible, place a warning next to the link that this may reveal your identity.  

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Wed 17 - Fri 19 May 2023   
  Conference 
 Fri 10 Feb 2023   
  Camera-ready Papers 
 Fri 9 Dec 2022   
  Acceptance Notification 
 Tue 29 - Wed 30 Nov 2022   
  Second Response Period (some papers) 
 Mon 14 - Sat 19 Nov 2022   
  Author First Response Period (all papers) 
 Thu 1 Sep 2022   
  Submissions Deadline 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://icse2023.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Technical Track    
   
 Lori Pollock Program Co-Chair    
 University of Delaware, USA   
 United States 
  Massimiliano Di Penta Program Co-Chair    
 University of Sannio, Italy   
 Italy 
  David Lo Area Chair for Artificial Intelligence and Software Engineering    
 Singapore Management University   
 Singapore 
  Denys Poshyvanyk Area Chair for Artificial Intelligence and Software Engineering    
 College of William and Mary   
 United States 
  Myra Cohen Area Chair for Analysis and Testing    
 Iowa State University   
 United States 
  Corina S. Pasareanu Area Chair for Analysis and Testing    
 Carnegie Mellon University Silicon Valley, NASA Ames Research Center 
  Abhik Roychoudhury Area Chair for Dependability    
 National University of Singapore   
 Singapore 
  Walid Maalej Area Chair for Requirements, modeling, and design    
 University of Hamburg   
 Germany 
  Margaret-Anne Storey Area Chair for Social Aspects    
 University of Victoria 
  Andrian Marcus Area Chair for Software Evolution    
 University of Texas at Dallas   
 United States 
  Bram Adams Area Chair for Software Analytics    
 Queens University 
  Kelly Blincoe Area Chair for Software Analytics    
 University of Auckland   
 New Zealand 
  Rui Abreu    
 Faculty of Engineering, University of Porto   
 United States 
  Iftekhar Ahmed    
 University of California at Irvine   
 United States 
  Dalal Alrajeh    
 Imperial College London   
 United Kingdom 
  Giuliano Antoniol    
 Polytechnique Montréal   
 Canada 
  Venera Arnaoudova    
 Washington State University   
 United States 
  Paris Avgeriou    
 University of Groningen, The Netherlands   
 Netherlands 
  Alberto Bacchelli    
 University of Zurich   
 Switzerland 
  Sebastian Baltes    
 SAP SE & University of Adelaide   
 Germany 
  Muneera Bano    
 CSIRO's Data61   
 Australia 
  Luciano Baresi    
 Politecnico di Milano   
 Italy 
  Olga Baysal    
 Carleton University   
 Canada 
  Christoph Becker    
 University of Toronto 
  Nelly Bencomo    
 Durham University   
 United Kingdom 
  Amel Bennaceur    
 The Open University, UK   
 United Kingdom 
  Alexandre Bergel    
 University of Chile   
 Chile 
  Thorsten Berger    
 Ruhr University Bochum 
  Antonia Bertolino    
 National Research Council, Italy   
 Italy 
  Ivan Beschastnikh    
 University of British Columbia   
 Canada 
  Christian Bird    
 Microsoft Research   
 United States 
  Tegawendé F. Bissyandé    
 SnT, University of Luxembourg 
  Eric Bodden    
 Heinz Nixdorf Institut, Paderborn University and Fraunhofer IEM   
 Germany 
  Markus Borg    
 CodeScene   
 Sweden 
  Barbora Buhnova    
 Masaryk University   
 Czechia 
  Marcel Böhme    
 MPI-SP, Germany and Monash University, Australia   
 Germany 
  Cristian Cadar    
 Imperial College London, UK   
 United Kingdom 
  Satish Chandra    
 Meta Platforms   
 United States 
  Oscar Chaparro    
 College of William and Mary   
 United States 
  Sudipta Chattopadhyay    
 Singapore University of Technology and Design 
  Marsha Chechik    
 University of Toronto   
 Canada 
  Chunyang Chen    
 Monash University   
 Australia 
  Jürgen Cito    
 TU Wien   
 Austria 
  James Clause    
 University of Delaware   
 United States 
  Jane Cleland-Huang    
 University of Notre Dame   
 United States 
  Anthony Cleve    
 University of Namur   
 Belgium 
  Xuan Bach D. Le    
 The University of Melbourne   
 Australia 
  Kostadin Damevski    
 Virginia Commonwealth University 
  Cristina David    
 University of Bristol   
 United Kingdom 
  Prem Devanbu    
 University of California at Davis   
 United States 
  Tapajit Dey    
 Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute   
 United States 
  Davide Di Ruscio    
 University of L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Andrea Di Sorbo    
 University of Sannio   
 Italy 
  Yvonne Dittrich    
 IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark 
  Naipeng Dong    
 University of Queensland   
 Australia 
  Matthew B Dwyer    
 University of Virginia 
  Alexander Egyed    
 Johannes Kepler University Linz   
 Austria 
  Sebastian Elbaum    
 University of Virginia   
 United States 
  Sigrid Eldh    
 Ericsson AB, Mälardalen University, Carleton Unviersity   
 Sweden 
  Emelie Engstrom    
 Lund University   
 Sweden 
  Neil Ernst    
 University of Victoria   
 Canada 
  Fabian Fagerholm    
 Aalto University   
 Finland 
  Rudolf Ferenc    
 University of Szeged   
 Hungary 
  Alessio Ferrari    
 CNR-ISTI   
 Italy 
  Antonio Filieri    
 AWS and Imperial College London   
 United States 
  Bernd Fischer    
 Stellenbosch University, South Africa   
 South Africa 
  Xavier Franch    
 Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya   
 Spain 
  Gordon Fraser    
 University of Passau   
 Germany 
  Thomas Fritz    
 University of Zurich   
 Switzerland 
  Juan Pablo Galeotti    
 University of Buenos Aires   
 Argentina 
  Alessandro Garcia    
 PUC-Rio   
 Brazil 
  Joshua Garcia    
 University of California, Irvine   
 United States 
  Alejandra Garrido    
 LIFIA, University of La Plata & CONICET, Argentina 
  Rohit Gheyi    
 Federal University of Campina Grande   
 Brazil 
  Milos Gligoric    
 University of Texas at Austin   
 United States 
  Jesus M. Gonzalez-Barahona    
 Universidad Rey Juan Carlos   
 Spain 
  Divya Gopinath    
 NASA Ames (KBR Inc.) 
  Jin L.C. Guo    
 McGill University   
 Canada 
  Irit Hadar    
 University of Haifa   
 Israel 
  Mark Harman    
 Meta Platforms, Inc. and UCL   
 United Kingdom 
  Fei He    
 Tsinghua University   
 China 
  Reid Holmes    
 University of British Columbia   
 Canada 
  Jennifer Horkoff    
 Chalmers and the University of Gothenburg   
 Sweden 
  Marianne Huchard    
 LIRMM   
 France 
  Paola Inverardi    
 University of L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Reyhaneh Jabbarvand    
 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign   
 United States 
  Gunel Jahangirova    
 King's College London   
 United Kingdom 
  Ciera Jaspan    
 Google   
 United States 
  Lingxiao Jiang    
 Singapore Management University   
 Singapore 
  Brittany Johnson    
 George Mason University   
 United States 
  Christine Julien    
 University of Texas at Austin   
 United States 
  René Just    
 University of Washington   
 United States 
  Yasutaka Kamei    
 Kyushu University   
 Japan 
  Katja Kevic    
 Microsoft   
 United Kingdom 
  Foutse Khomh    
 Polytechnique Montréal   
 Canada 
  Dongsun Kim    
 Kyungpook National University   
 South Korea 
  Raghavan Komondoor    
 IISc Bengaluru   
 India 
  Raula Gaikovina Kula    
 Nara Institute of Science and Technology   
 Japan 
  Thomas LaToza    
 George Mason University   
 United States 
  Julia Lawall    
 Inria   
 France 
  Claire Le Goues    
 Carnegie Mellon University 
  Wei Le    
 Iowa State University   
 United States 
  Seok-Won Lee    
 Ajou University   
 South Korea 
  Philipp Leitner    
 Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden / University of Gothenburg, Sweden   
 Sweden 
  Valentina Lenarduzzi    
 University of Oulu   
 Finland 
  Li Li    
 Beihang University   
 China 
  Ming Li    
 Nanjing University   
 China 
  Yi Li    
 Nanyang Technological University   
 Singapore 
  Yiling Lou    
 Fudan University   
 China 
  Jie M. Zhang    
 King's College London   
 United Kingdom 
  Lei Ma    
 University of Alberta   
 Canada 
  Sonal Mahajan    
 Uber Technologies Inc.   
 United States 
  Ivano Malavolta    
 Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam   
 Netherlands 
  Jonathan I. Maletic    
 Kent State University 
  Shahar Maoz    
 Tel Aviv University   
 Israel 
  Leonardo Mariani    
 University of Milano-Bicocca   
 Italy 
  Ruben Martins    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Anastasia Mavridou    
 KBR / NASA Ames Research Center 
  Shane McIntosh    
 University of Waterloo   
 Canada 
  Collin McMillan    
 University of Notre Dame 
  Nenad Medvidović    
 University of Southern California   
 United States 
  Tim Menzies    
 North Carolina State University   
 United States 
  Ana Milanova    
 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 
  Leandro Minku    
 University of Birmingham, UK 
  Breno Miranda    
 Federal University of Pernambuco   
 Brazil 
  Audris Mockus    
 The University of Tennessee 
  Kevin Moran    
 George Mason University   
 United States 
  Emerson Murphy-Hill    
 Google   
 United States 
  Patrick Mäder    
 Technische Universität Ilmenau   
 Germany 
  Hausi Müller    
 University of Victoria   
 Canada 
  Shiva Nejati    
 University of Ottawa   
 Canada 
  Yannic Noller    
 National University of Singapore   
 Singapore 
  Nicole Novielli    
 University of Bari   
 Italy 
  Alessandro Orso    
 Georgia Tech   
 United States 
  Paige Rodeghero    
 Clemson University   
 United States 
  Fabio Palomba    
 University of Salerno   
 Italy 
  Sebastiano Panichella    
 Zurich University of Applied Sciences   
 Switzerland 
  Mike Papadakis    
 University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg   
 Luxembourg 
  Elise Paradis    
 Meta   
 United States 
  Chris Parnin    
 North Carolina State University   
 United States 
  Liliana Pasquale    
 University College Dublin & Lero   
 Ireland 
  Xin Peng    
 Fudan University   
 China 
  Justyna Petke    
 University College London   
 United Kingdom 
  Roberto Pietrantuono    
 Università di Napoli Federico II 
  Gustavo Pinto    
 Federal University of Pará (UFPA) and Zup Innovation   
 Brazil 
  Michael Pradel    
 University of Stuttgart   
 Germany 
  Rafael Prikladnicki    
 School of Technology at PUCRS University   
 Brazil 
  Sebastian Proksch    
 Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   
 Netherlands 
  Peter Rigby    
 Concordia University; Meta   
 Canada 
  Romain Robbes    
 CNRS, LaBRI, University of Bordeaux   
 France 
  Gregorio Robles    
 Universidad Rey Juan Carlos   
 Spain 
  Gema Rodríguez-Pérez    
 University of British Columbia (UBC)   
 Canada 
  Julia Rubin    
 University of British Columbia, Canada   
 Canada 
  Barbara Russo    
 Free University of Bolzano   
 Italy 
  Daniel Russo    
 Department of Computer Science, Aalborg University   
 Denmark 
  Caitlin Sadowski    
 Google 
  Federica Sarro    
 University College London   
 United Kingdom 
  Giuseppe Scanniello    
 University of Salerno   
 Italy 
  Ina Schaefer    
 KIT   
 Germany 
  Carolyn Seaman    
 University of Maryland Baltimore County   
 United States 
  Francisco Servant    
 Universidad de Málaga   
 Spain 
  Bonita Sharif    
 University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA   
 United States 
  David C. Shepherd    
 Virginia Commonwealth University   
 United States 
  Elena Sherman    
 Boise State University   
 United States 
  Janet Siegmund    
 Chemnitz University of Technology   
 Germany 
  Mary Lou Soffa    
 University of Virginia 
  Diomidis Spinellis    
 Athens University of Economics and Business; Delft University of Technology   
 Greece 
  Paola Spoletini    
 Kennesaw State University   
 United States 
  Igor Steinmacher    
 Northern Arizona University   
 United States 
  Klaas-Jan Stol    
 Lero; University College Cork; SINTEF Digital   
 Ireland 
  Kevin Sullivan    
 University of Virginia 
  Youcheng Sun    
 University of Oxford 
  Amjed Tahir    
 Massey University   
 New Zealand 
  Lin Tan    
 Purdue University   
 United States 
  Kla Tantithamthavorn    
 Monash University   
 Australia 
  Patanamon Thongtanunam    
 University of Melbourne   
 Australia 
  Thomas Thüm    
 University of Ulm   
 Germany 
  Paolo Tonella    
 USI Lugano   
 Switzerland 
  Christoph Treude    
 University of Melbourne   
 Australia 
  Michele Tufano    
 Microsoft   
 United States 
  Rachel Tzoref-Brill    
 IBM Research   
 Israel 
  Marco Tulio Valente    
 Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil 
  Bogdan Vasilescu    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Andreas Vogelsang    
 University of Cologne   
 Germany 
  Chao Wang    
 University of Southern California   
 United States 
  Shaowei Wang    
 University of Manitoba   
 Canada 
  Shiyi Wei    
 University of Texas at Dallas   
 United States 
  Martin White    
 Booz Allen Hamilton 
  Jon Whittle    
 CSIRO's Data61 and Monash University   
 Australia 
  Andrzej Wąsowski    
 IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Tao Xie    
 Peking University   
 China 
  Yingfei Xiong    
 Peking University   
 China 
  Jason Minhui Xue    
 CSIRO’s Data61   
 Australia 
  Guowei Yang    
 University of Queensland   
 Australia 
  Wei Yang    
 University of Texas at Dallas   
 United States 
  Tingting Yu    
 University of Cincinnati   
 United States 
  Tao Yue    
 Simula Research Laboratory   
 Norway 
  Andy Zaidman    
 Delft University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Fiorella Zampetti    
 University of Sannio, Italy   
 Italy 
  Andreas Zeller    
 CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security   
 Germany 
  Jian Zhang    
 State Key Laboratory of Computer Science, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China 
  Lingming Zhang    
 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign   
 United States 
  Xiangyu Zhang    
 Purdue University   
 United States 
  Hao Zhong    
 Shanghai Jiao Tong University   
 China 
  Minghui Zhou    
 Peking University   
 China 
  Ying Zou    
 Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario 
  Marcelo d'Amorim    
 North Carolina State University   
 United States 
  Andre van der Hoek    
 University of California, Irvine   
 United States 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

  ICSE 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 ICSE Keynotes   
  Social Events   
  Technical Track   
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
  ROSE festival   
  Journal-First Papers   
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
  Industry Forum   
  DEMO - Demonstrations   
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
  Artifact Evaluation   
  Posters   
  Workshops   
  DS - Doctoral Symposium   
  New Faculty Symposium   
  SCORE 2023   
  Showcase   
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop   
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10   
  Student Volunteers   
  Technical Briefings   
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A   
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 AST 2023   
  CAIN 2023   
  CHASE 2023   
  FormaliSE 2023   
  ICPC 2023   
  ICSSP 2023   
  MOBILESoft 2023   
  MSR 2023   
  TechDebt 2023   
  Workshops  
 AIOps 2023   
  APR 2023   
  BotSE 2023   
  DeepTest 2023   
  EnCyCriS 2023   
  FairWare 2023   
  GAS 2023   
  GE@ICSE 2023   
  GI 2023   
  GREENS 2023   
  InnerSoft 2023   
  InteNSE 2023   
  MET 2023   
  NLBSE 2023   
  Q-SE 2023   
  RoSE 2023   
  SBFT 2023   
  SEENG 2023   
  SERP4IoT 2023   
  SESoS 2023   
  SVM 2023   
  WETSEB 2023   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 SEAMS 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC   
  Keynotes   
  Melbourne   
  Victoria   
  Australia   
  Code of Conduct   
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions   
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions   
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions   
  Session Chair Instructions   
  Venue Floor Map   
  Accommodation   
  Registration   
  Visa Letter of Invitation   
  Social Events   
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023   
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement   
  Travel Support   
  Childcare Support

64. ICSEA_2 conference:
InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications | InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications | ThinkMind  // ICSEA, International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-4235  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICSEA 2011, The Sixth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2012, The Seventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2013, The Eighth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2014, The Ninth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2015, The Tenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2016, The Eleventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2017, The Twelfth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2018, The Thirteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2019, The Fourteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2020, The Fifteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2021, The Sixteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2022, The Seventeenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2023, The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2024, The Nineteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
 SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  . | ThinkMind  // ICSEA, International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-4235  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICSEA 2011, The Sixth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2012, The Seventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2013, The Eighth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2014, The Ninth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2015, The Tenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2016, The Eleventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2017, The Twelfth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2018, The Thirteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2019, The Fourteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2020, The Fifteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2021, The Sixteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2022, The Seventeenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2023, The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2024, The Nineteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances | SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  . |  
 InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications 
 ThinkMind  // ICSEA, International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-4235  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICSEA 2011, The Sixth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2012, The Seventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2013, The Eighth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2014, The Ninth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2015, The Tenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2016, The Eleventh International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2017, The Twelfth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2018, The Thirteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2019, The Fourteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2020, The Fifteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2021, The Sixteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2022, The Seventeenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2023, The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSEA 2024, The Nineteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
 SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  .

65. ICSOC_0 conference:
Skip to content    
   21st International Conference on Service-Oriented Computing  

 Top Right Dates  
 November 28th – December 1st, 2023  
  Rome, Italy  

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Calls | Call for Research / Industry papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Ph.D. Symposium Papers 
  Call for Demos and Resources 
  Workshops 
  Proceedings 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Tutorials 
  Social Events 
  Venue | Conference Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Travel to Rome 
  Rome 
  Registration 
  Contacts 

 Home  
 By    On     

  ICSOC  , the International Conference on Service-Oriented Computing, is the premier international forum for academics, industry researchers, developers, and practitioners to report and share groundbreaking work in service-oriented computing. ICSOC fosters cross-community scientific excellence by gathering experts from various disciplines, such as services science, data science, management science, business-process management, distributed systems, wireless and mobile computing, cloud and edge computing, cyber-physical systems, Internet-of-Things (IoT), scientific workflows, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and services and software engineering.  
 ICSOC  provides a high-quality forum for presenting results and discussing ideas that further our knowledge and understanding of the various aspects (e.g. application and system aspects) related to Service Computing with particular focus on artificial intelligence, machine learning, big data analytics, IoT, and emerging technologies including quantum computing.  
 The 21st edition  of the ICSOC conference series will be hosted by Dipartimento di Ingegneria Informatica, Automatica e Gestionale Antonio Ruberti  at Sapienza Università di Roma  , Rome, Italy  , from the 28th of November  to the 1st of December  , 2023  .  
   
 Past Conferences  
 ICSOC 2022, Sevilla, Spain 
  ICSOC 2021, Online 
  ICSOC 2020, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
  ICSOC 2019, Toulouse, France 
  ICSOC 2018, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China 
  ICSOC 2017, Málaga, Spain 
  ICSOC 2016, Banff, Alberta, Canada 
  ICSOC 2015, Goa, India 
  ICSOC 2014, Paris, France 
  ICSOC 2013, Berlin, Germany 
  ICSOC 2012, Shanghai, China 
  ICSOC 2011, Paphos, Cyprus 
  ICSOC 2010, San Francisco, California 
  ICSOC 2009, Stockholm, Sweden 
  ICSOC 2008, Sydney, Australia 
  ICSOC 2007, Vienna, Austria 
  ICSOC 2006, Chicago, USA 
  ICSOC 2005, Amsterdam, Netherlands 
  ICSOC 2004, New York, USA 
  ICSOC 2003, Trento, Italy 

  Tweets by ICSOCConf    

  In Collaboration with

66. SEFM_0 conference:
SEFM 2023       Registration  Program  Keynotes  Committees  Call for Papers  Artifacts  Code of Conduct  Workshops  Venue    

 21st International Conference on  
 Software Engineering and Formal Methods  
 6-10 November 2023  
 Organised by Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands  
 * News *  
 The SEFM 2023 best paper award is won by the paper | ATM: a Logic for Quantitative Security Properties on Attack Trees  
  by Stefano Nicoletti, Milan Lopuhaä-Zwakenberg, Ernst Moritz Hahn and Marielle Stoelinga. | Congratulations to these authors! 
  The proceedings of SEFM 2023 are now | available via Springer | . 
  The early-bird discount period has been extended by one week. Now available until 17 October. 
  Registration for SEFM and co-located workshops is open. Details are on the | registration page | . 
  The submission deadline has been extended by two weeks. See below for the new dates. 
  Welcome to SEFM 2023  
 The 21st edition of the International Conference on Software Engineering and Formal Methods will be held between 6 and 10 November 2023.  
 The conference aims to bring together researchers and practitioners from academia industry and government, to advance the state of the art in formal methods to facilitate their uptake in the software industry, and to encourage their integration within practical software engineering methods and tools.  
 Conference proceedings  
 The SEFM conference proceedings have been published in Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series, and are available here  .  
 Important dates  
 Abstract submission: | 2 June 2023 | 18 June 2023 | (AoE) 
  Paper submission: | 9 June 2023 | 23 June 2023 | (AoE) 
  Artifact submission (tool papers): | 9 June 2023 | 30 June 2023 | (AoE) 
  Artifact submission (regular papers): | 16 June 2023 | 30 June 2023 | (AoE) 
  Author notification: 18 August 2023 
  Camera-ready submission: 10 September 2023 
  Workshops: 6-7 November 2023 
  Conference: 8-10 November 2023 
  Sponsors  

  © SEFM 2023 - Banner: CC-BY-SA Tnarik Innael  Back to top

67. SEFM_1 conference:
sefm-conference   
 SEFM - International Conference on  
  SOFTWARE ENGINEERING AND FORMAL METHODS  
 Next SEFM Events  
 2024: Aveiro, Portugal, | 4-8 November ( | https://sefm-conference.github.io/2024/ | ) 
  Previous SEFM Events  
 2023: Eindhoven, The Netherlands, | 6-10 November ( | https://sefm-conference.github.io/2023/ | ) 
  2022: Berlin, Germany, | 26-30 September ( | https://sefm-conference.github.io/2022/ | ) 
  2021: online, | 6-10 December ( | https://sefm-conference.github.io/2021/ | ) 
  2020: online, planned in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, | 14-17 September ( | https://event.cwi.nl/sefm2020/ | ) 
  2019: Oslo, Norway, | 16-20 September ( | http://sefm2019.inria.fr | ) 
  2018: Toulouse, France, | 27-29 June | https://www.isf.cs.tu-bs.de/cms/events/sefm2018/ 
  2017: Trento, Italy, | 4-8 September ( | https://sefm17.fbk.eu | ) 
  2016: Vienna, Austria, | 4-8 July ( | http://staf2016.conf.tuwien.ac.at/sefm/ | ) 
  2015: York, UK, | 7-11 September ( | https://www.cs.york.ac.uk/sefm2015/index.html | )

68. ICSE_2 conference:
Write a Blog >>  ICSE 2023   Sun 14 - Sat 20 May 2023 Melbourne, Australia    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC 
  Keynotes 
  Melbourne 
  Victoria 
  Australia 
  Code of Conduct 
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions 
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions 
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions 
  Session Chair Instructions 
  Venue Floor Map 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Visa Letter of Invitation 
  Social Events 
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023 
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement 
  Travel Support 
  Childcare Support 
  Tracks | ICSE 2023 
  ICSE Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A 
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST 
  CAIN | CAIN 
  CAIN  Dinner 
  CAIN  Papers 
  CAIN  Industrial Talks 
  CAIN  Posters 
  CHASE | CHASE 
  CHASE  Research Track 
  CHASE  Registered Reports 
  CHASE  Vote Items 
  CHASE  J1C2 
  CHASE  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE 
  ICPC | ICPC 
  ICPC  Closing 
  ICPC  Discussion 
  ICPC  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  ICPC  Keynotes 
  ICPC  Journal First 
  ICPC  MIP Talk 
  ICPC  Opening 
  ICPC  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  ICPC  Research 
  ICPC  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | ICSSP 
  ICSSP 
  MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 
  MOBILESoft  Research Track 
  MOBILESoft  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  MOBILESoft  Tools and Datasets 
  MOBILESoft  Leaders Forum 
  MOBILESoft  Awards 
  MSR | MSR 
  MSR  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  MSR  FOSS Award 
  MSR  Industry Track 
  MSR  Junior PC 
  MSR  Keynotes 
  MSR  MIP Award 
  MSR  Awards 
  MSR  Mining Challenge 
  MSR  Registered Reports 
  MSR  Technical Papers 
  MSR  Tutorials 
  MSR  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | TechDebt 
  TechDebt  Technical Papers 
  TechDebt  Short Papers 
  TechDebt  Industry Track 
  TechDebt  Plenary 
  Workshops 
  AIOps 
  APR 
  BotSE 
  DeepTest 
  EnCyCriS 
  FairWare 
  GAS 
  GE@ICSE 
  GI 
  GREENS 
  InnerSoft 
  InteNSE 
  MET 
  NLBSE 
  Q-SE 
  RoSE 
  SBFT 
  SEENG 
  SERP4IoT 
  SESoS 
  SVM 
  WETSEB 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | SEAMS 
  SEAMS  Research Track 
  SEAMS  Artifact Track 
  Organization | ICSE 2023 Committees 
  Organising Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition | ACM Student Research Competition 
  Onsite Judges 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop | Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Mentors 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  CAIN | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Papers 
  Industrial Talks 
  Posters 
  CHASE | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track  Program chairs 
  Research Track  Program Committee 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Chairs 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Program Committee 
  Vote Items 
  J1C2 
  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE | Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ICPC | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  Journal First 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  Research 
  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  MOBILESoft | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  Tools and Datasets 
  Leaders Forum 
  Awards 
  MSR | Organizing Committee 
  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  FOSS Award 
  Industry Track 
  Junior PC 
  MIP Award 
  MSR Awards 
  Mining Challenge 
  Registered Reports 
  Technical Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Technical Papers 
  Short Papers 
  Industry Track 
  Workshops 
  AIOps | N/A - check homepage 
  APR | Organizers 
  BotSE | N/A - check homepage 
  DeepTest | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EnCyCriS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FairWare | N/A - check homepage 
  GAS | N/A - check homepage 
  GE@ICSE | Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GI | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GREENS | N/A - check homepage 
  InnerSoft | InnerSoft Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  InteNSE | Program Committee 
  MET | Program Committee 
  NLBSE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Q-SE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RoSE | Organization Committee 
  SBFT | N/A - check homepage 
  SEENG | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SERP4IoT | Program Committee 
  SESoS | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Social Media & Website Support 
  SVM | Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Web Chair 
  WETSEB | N/A - check homepage 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | MIP Award Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  Artifact Track 
  Sponsorship | Sponsors and Supporters 
  Sponsorships Opportunities 
  Program | ICSE Program 
  Your Program 
  Awards 
   Filter by Day | Sun 14 May 
  Mon 15 May 
  Tue 16 May 
  Wed 17 May 
  Thu 18 May 
  Fri 19 May 
  Sat 20 May 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    ICSE 2025 
  ICSE 2024 
  ICSE 2023 
  ICSE 2022 
  ICSE 2021 
  ICSE 2020 
  ICSE 2019 
  * ICSE 2018 * 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2023  ( series  ) /  DeepTest 2023 ( series  ) /  DeepTest 2023  
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Previous Editions 
  Call for Papers 
  DeepTest  is a high-quality workshop for research at the intersection of Machine Learning (ML) and software engineering (SE). ML is widely adopted in modern software systems, including safety-critical domains such as autonomous cars, medical diagnosis, and aircraft collision avoidance systems. Thus, it is crucial to rigorously test such applications to ensure high dependability. However, standard notions of software quality and reliability become irrelevant when considering ML systems, due to their non-deterministic nature and the lack of a transparent understanding of the models’ semantics. ML is also expected to revolutionize software development. Indeed, ML is being applied for devising novel program analysis and software testing techniques related to malware detection, fuzzy testing, bug-finding, and type-checking.  
 The workshop will combine academia and industry in a quest for well-founded practical solutions. The aim is to bring together an international group of researchers and practitioners with both ML and SE backgrounds to discuss their research, share datasets, and generally help the field build momentum. The workshop will consist of invited talks, presentations based on research paper submissions, and one or more panel discussions, where all participants are invited to share their insights and ideas.  

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+10:00) Hobart  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+10:00) Hobart    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-06:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-04:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+09:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+10:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+10:30) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+12:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+12:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Mon 15 May   
  
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      

 11:00 - 12:30 | Session 1 DeepTest   at Meeting Room 209   
  Deeptest 
 11:30   
 10m    
 Day opening | Opening   DeepTest 
 11:40   
 50m    
 Keynote | Testing Autonomous Driving Systems   DeepTest   
 Baishakhi Ray  Columbia University 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Session 2 DeepTest   at Meeting Room 209 
 13:45   
 20m    
 Talk | Metamorphic Testing of Machine Translation Models using Back Translation   DeepTest   
 Wentao Gao  University of Melbourne  , Jiayuan He  RMIT University  , Van-Thuan Pham  Monash University 
 14:05   
 20m    
 Talk | A Method of Identifying Causes of Prediction Errors to Accelerate MLOps   DeepTest   
 Keita Sakuma  NEC Corporation  , Ryuta Matsuno  NEC Corporation  , Yoshio Kameda  NEC Corporation 
 14:25   
 20m    
 Talk | DeepSHAP Summary for Adversarial Example Detection   DeepTest   
 Yi-Ching Lin  National Chengchi University  , Fang Yu  National Chengchi University 
 14:45   
 20m    
 Talk | DeepPatch: A Patching-Based Method for Repairing Deep Neural Networks   DeepTest   
 Hao Bu  Peking University  , Meng Sun  Peking University 

 15:45 - 17:15 | Session 3 DeepTest   at Meeting Room 209 
 15:45   
 50m    
 Keynote | Testing Generative Large Language Model: Mission Impossible or Where Lies the Path?   DeepTest   
 Zhenchang Xing  CSIRO’s Data61; Australian National University 
 16:35   
 30m    
 Panel | Panel   DeepTest 
 17:05   
 10m    
 Day closing | Closing   DeepTest 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 A Method of Identifying Causes of Prediction Errors to Accelerate MLOps  DeepTest   
 Keita Sakuma  , Ryuta Matsuno  , Yoshio Kameda 
 DeepPatch: A Patching-Based Method for Repairing Deep Neural Networks  DeepTest   
 Hao Bu  , Meng Sun 
 DeepSHAP Summary for Adversarial Example Detection  DeepTest   
 Yi-Ching Lin  , Fang Yu 
 Metamorphic Testing of Machine Translation Models using Back Translation  DeepTest   
 Wentao Gao  , Jiayuan He  , Van-Thuan Pham 

 Call for Papers  
  
 NOTICE (09 Jan 2023)  : Only those who submitted by the original deadline (January 13, 2023) will be given one more week  to update their submitted papers. Please note that no new submissions will be accepted after the original deadline.   
 DeepTest is an interdisciplinary workshop targeting research at the intersection of software engineering and deep learning. This workshop will explore issues related to:  
 Deep Learning applied to Software Engineering (DL4SE) 
  Software Engineering applied to Deep Learning (SE4DL) 
  Although the main focus is on Deep Learning, we also encourage submissions that are more broadly related to Machine Learning, as well as submissions related to (Deep) Reinforcement Learning.  
 Topics of Interest   
 We welcome submissions introducing technology (i.e., frameworks, libraries, program analyses and tool evaluation) for testing DL-based applications, and DL-based solutions to solve open research problems (e.g., what is a bug in a DL/RL model). Relevant topics include, but are not limited to:  
 High-quality benchmarks for evaluating DL/RL approaches 
  Surveys and case studies using DL/RL technology 
  Techniques to aid interpretable DL/RL techniques 
  Techniques to improve the design of reliable DL/RL models 
  DL/RL-aided software development approaches 
  DL/RL for fault prediction, localization and repair 
  Fuzzing DL/RL systems 
  Metamorphic testing as software quality assurance 
  Fault Localization and Anomaly Detection 
  Use of DL for analyzing natural language-like artefacts such as code, or user reviews 
  DL/RL techniques to support automated software testing 
  DL/RL to aid program comprehension, program transformation, and program generation 
  Safety and security of DL/RL based systems 
  New approaches to estimate and measure uncertainty in DL/RL models 
  Types of Submissions   
 We accept two types of submissions:  
 Full research papers | up to 8-page papers (including references) describing original and unpublished results related to the workshop topics; 
  Short papers | up to 4-page papers (including references) describing both preliminary work, new insights in previous work, or demonstrations of testing-related tools and prototypes. 
  All submissions must conform to the ICSE 2023 formatting instructions. All submissions must be in PDF. The page limit is strict.  
 Submissions must conform to the IEEE formatting instructions IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines  (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran}  without including the compsoc  or compsocconf  options).  
 DeepTest 2023 will employ a double-blind  review process. Thus, no submission may reveal its authors’ identities. The authors must make every effort to honor the double-blind review process. In particular, the authors’ names must be omitted from the submission, and references to their prior work should be in the third person.  
 The official publication date of accepted papers is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM or IEEE Digital Libraries. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of ICSE 2023. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. Purchases of additional pages in the proceedings is not allowed.  
 If you have any questions or wonder whether your submission is in scope, please do not hesitate to contact the organizers.  
 Important Dates   
 Paper Submission: January 13, 2023 (AoE) | (NEW: You can update your submitted papers until January 20  only if the initial submission is made before January 13) 
  Acceptance Notification: February 24, 2023 (AoE) 
  Camera Ready: March 17, 2023 (AoE) 
  Workshop Date: May 15, 2023 
  Submission System   
 https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=deeptest2023   
 Special Issue   
 Authors of DeepTest 2023 papers are encouraged to submit revised, extended versions of their manuscripts for the special issue in the Empirical Software Engineering (EMSE) journal, edited by Springer (details will follow). The call is also open to non-DeepTest 2023 authors.  
 Organizers   
 Matteo Biagiola, Università della Svizzera italiana, Switzerland 
  Nicolás Cardozo, Universidad de los Andes, Colombia 
  Foutse Khomh, Polytechnique Montréal, Canada 
  Vincenzo Riccio, Università della Svizzera italiana, Switzerland 
  Donghwan Shin, University of Sheffield, United Kingdom 
  Andrea Stocco, Università della Svizzera italiana, Switzerland 

 Keynotes  
   
 DeepTest 2023 will feature two keynotes from the following distinguished speakers.  
 Keynote 1 - Testing Autonomous Driving Systems   
 Speaker   
 Baishakhi Ray  | Associate Professor, Columbia University  
 Abstract   
 Recent years have seen rapid progress in Autonomous Driving Systems (ADSs). To ensure the safety and reliability of these systems, extensive testing is required. However, direct testing on the road is incredibly expensive and unrealistic to cover all critical scenarios. A popular alternative is to evaluate an ADS’s performance in some well-designed challenging scenarios, a.k.a. scenario-based testing. Such test cases must possess several desirable properties (e.g., failure-inducing, realistic, etc.) to be useful. However, the search space of such test cases can be huge due to the temporal nature of traffic scenarios. In this talk, I will cover our recent efforts in efficiently generating testing scenarios: 1) AutoFuzz, a grammar-based, learning-guided black-box fuzzing technique to generate failure-inducing scenarios for ADSs; 2) FusED, an evolutionary and causality-based domain-specific grey-box fuzzing framework to generate failure-inducing scenarios for fusion component of ADSs; and 3) CTG, a Signal Temporal Logic (STL) guided conditional diffusion model that generates realistic and user-controllable scenarios for ADSs.  
 Bio   
 Baishakhi Ray is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Columbia University, NY, USA. She has received the prestigious IEEE TCSE Rising star award and NSF CAREER award. Baishakhi’s research interest is in the intersection of Software Engineering and Machine Learning. Her research has been acknowledged by many Distinguished Paper awards and has also been published in CACM Research Highlights, and has been widely covered in trade media.  
 Keynote 2 - Testing Generative Large Language Model: Mission Impossible or Where Lies the Path?   
 Speaker   
 Zhenchang Xing  | Associate Professor, Australian National University  
 Abstract   
 OpenAI’s ChatGPT, a generative language model, has attracted widespread attention from industry, academia, and the public for its impressive natural language processing capabilities. Although we know how to train such generative language models, we do not know how these models can solve such a diverse range of open-ended tasks. Every time we “prompt program” a large language model to complete a task, we create a customized version of the language model, which exhibits different abilities and outputs than other customized versions. Some people believe that the emergent capabilities of large language models are turning AI from engineering into natural science, as it is hard to think of these models as being designed for a specific purpose in the traditional sense. As our focus shifts from ensuring design and construction correctness to trying to explore and understand un-designed AI products and behaviors, we need to consider the methodological challenges posed by this transformation. For example, will differential testing, metamorphic testing, and adversarial testing, which are effective for testing discriminative models in specific tasks, no longer be the saviors of open-ended task testing for large language models? How can we test and correct ethical issues and hallucinations in generative AI? Due to the emergent capabilities of large language models, which are customized through in-context learning, will we face similar problems to the Schrödinger’s cat problem in quantum physics? If observation and measurement have a fundamental impact on the observed object, can we still fully test the essence of large language models, or can we only test the appearances of a specific customized version? Large language models are changing the way humans interact with AI, what adjustments do we need to make to our existing data and algorithm-centric MLOps? There may be many unknown problems. In this talk, I will share my thoughts (or even confusion) on these questions and some thoughts of actions (likely be wrong), hoping to inspire the community to explore the feasibility and methodology of testing generative large language models.  
 Bio   
 Dr. Zhenchang Xing is a Senior Principal Research Scientist and the Science Leader of the SE4AI team at CSIRO’s Data61. Dr. Xing’s current research focus is on the interdisciplinary fields of software engineering, human-computer interaction, and artificial intelligence, with a particular emphasis on knowledge graph methods and behavior analysis techniques to improve software development efficiency and software quality, as well as new software engineering methods, technologies, and tools to ensure Responsible AI. Dr. Xing has over 190 peer-reviewed publications in prestigious journals and conferences and has received multiple distinguished paper awards from top software engineering conferences, including the ACM SIGSOFT Distinguished Paper Award, the IEEE TCSE Distinguished Paper Award, and the ACM SIGSOFT Most Influential Paper Award. Dr. Xing frequently serves the academic community in organizing and program committees of top software engineering conferences.  
   
 Previous Editions  
   
 DeepTest 2021   
 DeepTest 2020   
 DeepTest 2019   
 EDSMLS 2020   
 EDSMLS 2019   
 EDSMLS 2018   

 Questions? Use the DeepTest contact form  .    
    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 15 May 2023  
  Workshop Date 
 Fri 17 Mar 2023  
  Camera Ready 
 Fri 24 Feb 2023  
  Acceptance Notification 
 Fri 13 Jan 2023  
  Paper Submission (Soft Deadline) 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=deeptest2023     
   
 Organizing Committee    
   
 Matteo Biagiola Organizer    
 Università della Svizzera italiana 
  Nicolás Cardozo Organizer    
 Universidad de los Andes   
 Colombia 
  Foutse Khomh Organizer    
 Polytechnique Montréal   
 Canada 
  Vincenzo Riccio Organizer    
 University of Udine   
 Italy 
  Donghwan Shin Organizer    
 The University of Sheffield   
 United Kingdom 
  Andrea Stocco Organizer    
 Technical University of Munich & fortiss   
 Germany 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Leonhard Applis    
 Delft University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Junjie Chen    
 Tianjin University   
 China 
  Lei Ma    
 Kyushu University, Japan 
  Kevin Moran    
 George Mason University   
 United States 
  Karthik Pattabiraman    
 University of British Columbia 
  Sergio Segura    
 University of Seville   
 Spain 
  Fitash Ul Haq    
 University of Luxembourg   
 Luxembourg 
  Mahsa Varshosaz    
 IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Michael Weiss    
 Università della Svizzera italiana (USI)   
 Switzerland 
  Shin Yoo    
 KAIST   
 South Korea 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

  ICSE 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 ICSE Keynotes   
  Social Events   
  Technical Track   
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
  ROSE festival   
  Journal-First Papers   
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
  Industry Forum   
  DEMO - Demonstrations   
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
  Artifact Evaluation   
  Posters   
  Workshops   
  DS - Doctoral Symposium   
  New Faculty Symposium   
  SCORE 2023   
  Showcase   
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop   
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10   
  Student Volunteers   
  Technical Briefings   
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A   
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 AST 2023   
  CAIN 2023   
  CHASE 2023   
  FormaliSE 2023   
  ICPC 2023   
  ICSSP 2023   
  MOBILESoft 2023   
  MSR 2023   
  TechDebt 2023   
  Workshops  
 AIOps 2023   
  APR 2023   
  BotSE 2023   
  DeepTest 2023   
  EnCyCriS 2023   
  FairWare 2023   
  GAS 2023   
  GE@ICSE 2023   
  GI 2023   
  GREENS 2023   
  InnerSoft 2023   
  InteNSE 2023   
  MET 2023   
  NLBSE 2023   
  Q-SE 2023   
  RoSE 2023   
  SBFT 2023   
  SEENG 2023   
  SERP4IoT 2023   
  SESoS 2023   
  SVM 2023   
  WETSEB 2023   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 SEAMS 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC   
  Keynotes   
  Melbourne   
  Victoria   
  Australia   
  Code of Conduct   
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions   
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions   
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions   
  Session Chair Instructions   
  Venue Floor Map   
  Accommodation   
  Registration   
  Visa Letter of Invitation   
  Social Events   
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023   
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement   
  Travel Support   
  Childcare Support

69. ICSOC_1 conference:
Skip to content    
   21st International Conference on Service-Oriented Computing  

 Top Right Dates  
 November 28th – December 1st, 2023  
  Rome, Italy  

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Calls | Call for Research / Industry papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Ph.D. Symposium Papers 
  Call for Demos and Resources 
  Workshops 
  Proceedings 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Tutorials 
  Social Events 
  Venue | Conference Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Travel to Rome 
  Rome 
  Registration 
  Contacts 

 Home   » Proceedings    
 Proceedings  
 By icsoc_org    On November 22, 2023     
  
 Proceedings   
  The Proceedings of the ICSOC 2023 Conference have been published at Springer. Participants of the conference get free access to the Springer volumes for a period of 4 weeks through this page.  
  Service-Oriented Computing  
 21st International Conference, ICSOC 2023, Rome, Italy, November 28 – December 1, 2023, Proceedings, Part I + II  
        Service-Oriented Computing – ICSOC 2023 Workshops  
 AI-PA, ASOCA, SAPD, SQS, SSCOPE, WESOACS and Satellite Events, Rome, Italy, November 28-December 1, 2023, Revised Selected Papers

70. ICSEA_3 conference:
Home  // ICSEA   
 ICSEA 2023, The Eighteenth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances  
 Type:  conference  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editors:   
  Herwig Mannaert, University of Antwerp, Belgium  
  Radek Koci, Brno University of Technology, Czech Republic  
 ISSN:  2308-4235  
 ISBN:  978-1-68558-098-8  
 Location:  Valencia, Spain  
 Dates:  from November 13, 2023 to November 17, 2023  
 Articles:  there are 19 articles  
 Resolution to Educational Group Formation Problem Based on Improved Particle Swarm Optimization Using Fuzzy Knowledge   
  Bikhtiyar Hasan and Amine Boufaied  
  keywords:  Particle Swarm Optimization; Learning group formation problem; Belbin roles; Multi-Parent Order Crossover; Fuzzy Classification  
   
 What Do Critical Success Factors of Collaboration Really Mean in the Context of DevOps?   
  Michiel van Belzen, Jos Trienekens, and Rob Kusters  
  keywords:  adoption; classification; collaboration; critical success factors; DevOps  
   
 Exploring the Creation and Added Value of Manufacturing Control Systems for Software Factories   
  Herwig Mannaert, Koen De Cock, and Jeroen Faes  
  keywords:  Software Factories; Software Product Lines; Dev-Ops; Control Systems; Evolvability.  
   
 Three-step Decision Framework for Planning Software Releases   
  José del Sagrado, Isabel M. del Águila, and Alfonso Bosch  
  keywords:  stakeholder identification; next release problem; requirements negotiation  
   
 Design Elements for a Space Information Network Operating System   
  Anders Fongen  
  keywords:  LEO satellites; space information networks; distributed OS; mobile computing  
   
 Software Pipeline for 3D Heritage Digitization – The Case of Faro Focus Scans   
  Kamil Żyła and Jacek Kęsik  
  keywords:  software pipeline; 3D digitization; heritage; Faro Focus; 3D laser scanner; wooden church  
   
 Source Code Analysis of GitHub Projects from E-Commerce and Game Domains   
  Doga Babacan and Tugkan Tuglular  
  keywords:  static source code analysis; repository mining; e-commerce software; game software.  
   
 OOPS ! and Competency Questions for Evaluating the Intelligent Business Process Management Ontology   
  Sarra Mejri and Sonia Ayachi Ghannouchi  
  keywords:  ontology; Industry 4.0; Intelligent BPM; ontology evaluation; Competency Questions; OOPS!.  
   
 OSS-Fuzzgen: Automated Fuzzing of Open Source Java Projects   
  Sheung Chi Chan, Adam Korczynski, and David Korczynski  
  keywords:  OSS-Fuzz; Fuzz-Introspector; Java; fuzzing; security testing; libfuzzer.  
   
 INTERACT: a Tool for Unit Test Based Integration of Component-based Software Systems   
  Nils Wild and Horst Lichter  
  keywords:  component-based software; integration testing  
   
 Bridging the Gap: Introducing a Universal Data Monetization Method from Information and Game Theories   
  Domingos Monteiro, Felipe Ferraz, Silvio Meira, and Domingos Salazar  
  keywords:  Big Data; Data Value; Big Data Monetization; Artificial Intelligence; Game Theory; Information Theory; Shapley Value; Digital Assets  
   
 Combining Retrieval and Classification: Balancing Efficiency and Accuracy in Duplicate Bug Report Detection   
  Qianru Meng, Xiao Zhang, Guus Ramackers, and Visser Joost  
  keywords:  Duplicate Bug Detection; Deep Learning; Natural Language Processing; Transformer; Running Time; Accuracy  
   
 “Elderly, with location data, while shopping?” Spotting Privacy Threats Beyond Software: A Quasi-Experimental Study   
  Tuisku Sarrala and Tommi Mikkonen  
  keywords:  privacy; privacy impact; software development; card-based modeling; systems thinking; personas; scenarios; process improvement  
   
 An Empirical Investigation of Usability Measurement in Canvas Educational Applications   
  Shabbab Algamdi and Stephanie Ludi  
  keywords:  Usability; Human-Computer Interaction; Learning Management Systems; User Reviews; Mobile Application Platform.  
   
 Ecosystem in Business   
  Luiz Henrique das Neves Gondim Moreira, Silvio R. L. Meira, Andre Neves, and Felipe Silva Ferraz  
  keywords:  ecosystems; digital ecosystems; business ecosystems; innovation platforms; business innovation; systematic literature review.  
   
 Prerequisites for Simulation-Based Software Design and Deployment   
  Radek Koci and Vladimir Janousek  
  keywords:  Modeling; simulation-based design; model-driven engineering; model-continuity  
   
 Engineering IoT-based Software Systems for Forestry: A Case Study   
  Marko Jäntti and Markus Aho  
  keywords:  Internet of Things; software system; software engineer; sensor; ICT quality.  
   
 Towards Improving Accurate Breast Cancer Diagnosis: Leveraging Pre-trained Convolutional Neural Network for Mammogram Analysis   
  Marwa Ben Ammar, Dorra Zaibi, Faten Labbene Ayachi, Riadh Ksantini, and Halima Mahjoubi  
  keywords:  Breast cancer; mammography; deep learning; YOLO; early diagnosis; one-class classification; three stages methodology; data imbalance  
   
 Design Pattern Detection in Code: A Hybrid Approach Utilizing a Bayesian Network, Machine Learning with Graph Embeddings, and Micropattern Rules   
  Roy Oberhauser and Sandro Moser  
  keywords:  software design pattern detection; machine learning; artificial neural networks; graph embeddings; rule-based expert system; Bayesian networks; software engineering

71. SEFM_2 conference:
SEFM 2022     Registration  Program  Keynote Speakers  Committees  Call for Papers  Accepted papers  School  Workshops    

 20th International Conference on  
 Software Engineering and Formal Methods  
 26-30 September 2022  
 Jointly organised by Institute of Computer Science of Humboldt University Berlin (DE) and School of Electronic and Information Engineering of Beijing Jiaotong University (CN)  
   
 * NEWS *  
 Online access to the SEFM Workshops Post Proceedings, Springer LNCS 13765, is available | here | . 
  The | keynote lecture by M. Stoelinga | on | Thursday Sept 29 | as well as other selected SEFM talks will be streamed | here | . 
  Online access of LNCS 13550 "SEFM 2022: 20th International Conference on Software Engineering and Formal Method" is available | here | . 
  The accepted papers have now been announced! 
  Registration is now open. 
  The SEFM'22 conference proceeding is accepted to be published in the Formal Methods subline of Springer's Lecture Notes in Computer Science. 
  Special Journal Issue! | The Program Committee of SEFM 2022 will invite a selection of accepted papers to submit extended versions to a special issue of the Software and Systems Modeling (SoSyM). 
  Welcome to SEFM 2022  
 The 20th edition of the International Conference on Software Engineering and Formal Methods  (SEFM'22) will be held Sept. 28 - 30, 2022, with workshops on Sept. 26 and 27 and a SEFM school Sept. 21-24.  
 The conference aims to bring together researchers and practitioners from academia industry and government, to advance the state of the art in formal methods to facilitate their uptake in the software industry, and to encourage their integration within practical software engineering methods and tools.  
 Conference proceedings  
 As usual, the SEFM conference proceedings will be published in Springer's Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. All accepted papers will have to be presented at the conference.  
 Important dates  
 Abstract submission: Monday 20 Jun 2022 (AOE)  
  Paper submission: Sunday 26 Jun 2022 (AOE)  
  Author notification: Sunday 24 July 2022  
  Camera-ready submission: Sunday 7 August 2022  
 Sponsors  
 TBA   

  © SEFM 2022  Back to top

72. ICSE_3 conference:
Write a Blog >>  ICSE 2023   Sun 14 - Sat 20 May 2023 Melbourne, Australia    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC 
  Keynotes 
  Melbourne 
  Victoria 
  Australia 
  Code of Conduct 
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions 
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions 
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions 
  Session Chair Instructions 
  Venue Floor Map 
  Accommodation 
  Registration 
  Visa Letter of Invitation 
  Social Events 
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023 
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement 
  Travel Support 
  Childcare Support 
  Tracks | ICSE 2023 
  ICSE Keynotes 
  Social Events 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A 
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST 
  CAIN | CAIN 
  CAIN  Dinner 
  CAIN  Papers 
  CAIN  Industrial Talks 
  CAIN  Posters 
  CHASE | CHASE 
  CHASE  Research Track 
  CHASE  Registered Reports 
  CHASE  Vote Items 
  CHASE  J1C2 
  CHASE  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE 
  ICPC | ICPC 
  ICPC  Closing 
  ICPC  Discussion 
  ICPC  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  ICPC  Keynotes 
  ICPC  Journal First 
  ICPC  MIP Talk 
  ICPC  Opening 
  ICPC  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  ICPC  Research 
  ICPC  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | ICSSP 
  ICSSP 
  MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 
  MOBILESoft  Research Track 
  MOBILESoft  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  MOBILESoft  Tools and Datasets 
  MOBILESoft  Leaders Forum 
  MOBILESoft  Awards 
  MSR | MSR 
  MSR  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  MSR  FOSS Award 
  MSR  Industry Track 
  MSR  Junior PC 
  MSR  Keynotes 
  MSR  MIP Award 
  MSR  Awards 
  MSR  Mining Challenge 
  MSR  Registered Reports 
  MSR  Technical Papers 
  MSR  Tutorials 
  MSR  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | TechDebt 
  TechDebt  Technical Papers 
  TechDebt  Short Papers 
  TechDebt  Industry Track 
  TechDebt  Plenary 
  Workshops 
  AIOps 
  APR 
  BotSE 
  DeepTest 
  EnCyCriS 
  FairWare 
  GAS 
  GE@ICSE 
  GI 
  GREENS 
  InnerSoft 
  InteNSE 
  MET 
  NLBSE 
  Q-SE 
  RoSE 
  SBFT 
  SEENG 
  SERP4IoT 
  SESoS 
  SVM 
  WETSEB 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | SEAMS 
  SEAMS  Research Track 
  SEAMS  Artifact Track 
  Organization | ICSE 2023 Committees 
  Organising Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Technical Track 
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering 
  ROSE festival 
  Journal-First Papers 
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice 
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training 
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society 
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results 
  Industry Forum 
  DEMO - Demonstrations 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition | ACM Student Research Competition 
  Onsite Judges 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Posters 
  Workshops 
  DS - Doctoral Symposium 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  SCORE 2023 
  Showcase 
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop | Student Mentoring Workshop 
  Mentors 
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10 
  Student Volunteers 
  Technical Briefings 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  CAIN | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Papers 
  Industrial Talks 
  Posters 
  CHASE | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track  Program chairs 
  Research Track  Program Committee 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Chairs 
  Registered Reports  Registered Reports Program Committee 
  Vote Items 
  J1C2 
  Mentoring Workshop 
  FormaliSE | Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ICPC | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  Journal First 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  Research 
  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSSP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  MOBILESoft | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  NIER (Novel Ideas and Emerging Results) 
  Tools and Datasets 
  Leaders Forum 
  Awards 
  MSR | Organizing Committee 
  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  FOSS Award 
  Industry Track 
  Junior PC 
  MIP Award 
  MSR Awards 
  Mining Challenge 
  Registered Reports 
  Technical Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Vision and Reflection 
  TechDebt | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Technical Papers 
  Short Papers 
  Industry Track 
  Workshops 
  AIOps | N/A - check homepage 
  APR | Organizers 
  BotSE | N/A - check homepage 
  DeepTest | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EnCyCriS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FairWare | N/A - check homepage 
  GAS | N/A - check homepage 
  GE@ICSE | Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GI | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GREENS | N/A - check homepage 
  InnerSoft | InnerSoft Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  InteNSE | Program Committee 
  MET | Program Committee 
  NLBSE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Q-SE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RoSE | Organization Committee 
  SBFT | N/A - check homepage 
  SEENG | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SERP4IoT | Program Committee 
  SESoS | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Social Media & Website Support 
  SVM | Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Web Chair 
  WETSEB | N/A - check homepage 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SEAMS | MIP Award Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  Artifact Track 
  Sponsorship | Sponsors and Supporters 
  Sponsorships Opportunities 
  Program | ICSE Program 
  Your Program 
  Awards 
   Filter by Day | Sun 14 May 
  Mon 15 May 
  Tue 16 May 
  Wed 17 May 
  Thu 18 May 
  Fri 19 May 
  Sat 20 May 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    ICSE 2025 
  ICSE 2024 
  ICSE 2023 
  ICSE 2022 
  ICSE 2021 
  ICSE 2020 
  ICSE 2019 
  * ICSE 2018 * 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2023  ( series  ) /  APR 2023 ( series  ) /  APR 2023  
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Call for Papers 
  Recent years have witnessed an explosive growth of works on automated program repair in various scientific communities including software engineering, programming languages, formal methods and artificial intelligence. This growth has culminated in successful deployments of program repair in industry. Despite these considerable advances, program repair still faces fundamental technological and societal challenges. This workshop will create an opportunity for the research community to coordinate its effort for addressing these challenges, share recent ideas and results, and formulate an agenda for future research. Please refer to our website at https://program-repair.org/workshop-2023/   

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+10:00) Hobart  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+10:00) Hobart    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-06:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-04:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+09:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+10:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+10:30) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+12:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+12:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Tue 16 May   
  
 Displayed time zone: Hobart  change      

 09:00 - 10:30 | Opening APR   at Meeting Room 104 
 11:00   
 15m    
 Day opening | Opening   APR 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Morning session APR   at Meeting Room 104 
 11:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Quick Repair of Semantic Errors for Debugging   APR   
 Steven P. Reiss  Brown University, USA  , Xuan Wei  Wuhan University  , Qi Xin  Wuhan University 
 11:30   
 20m    
 Talk | An Analysis of the Automatic Bug Fixing Performance of ChatGPT   APR   
 Dominik Sobania  Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz  , Martin Briesch  Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz  , Carol Hanna  University College London  , Justyna Petke  University College London 
 11:50   
 20m    
 Talk | An Extensive Study on Model Architecture and Program Representation in the Domain of Learning-based Automated Program Repair   APR   
 Dániel Horváth  Department of Software Engineering, University of Szeged, Szeged, Hungary  , Viktor Csuvik  Department of Software Engineering, MTA-SZTE Research Group on Artificial Intelligence, University of Szeged, Szeged, Hungary  , Tibor Gyimóthy  University of Szeged, Hungary  , László Vidács  University of Szeged, Hungary 
 12:10   
 20m    
 Talk | Mining Fix Patterns with Context Information for Automatic Program Repair   APR   
 Phan Thi Thanh Huyen  Hitachi, Ltd., Research &Development Group  , Kazuya Yasuda  Hitachi, Ltd.  , Shinji Itoh  Hitachi, Ltd., Research &Development Group 
 12:30   
 90m    
 Lunch | Lunch   APR 

 13:45 - 15:15 | Afternoon session1 APR   at Meeting Room 104 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Program Repair Competition   APR   
 Ridwan Salihin Shariffdeen  National University of Singapore  , Martin Mirchev  National University of Singapore  , Abhik Roychoudhury  National University of Singapore 
 14:00   
 75m    
 Panel | Panel Discussion: Future of APR: Challenges and directions   APR   
 Manish Motwani  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Xuan Bach D. Le  The University of Melbourne  , Abhik Roychoudhury  National University of Singapore  , Yingfei Xiong  Peking University  , Lingming Zhang  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 15:15   
 20m    
 Talk | FixEval: Execution-based Evaluation of Program Fixes for Programming Problems   APR   
 Md Mahim Anjum Haque  Virginia Tech  , Wasi Uddin Ahmad  University of California, Los Angeles  , Ismini Lourentzou  Virginia Tech  , Chris Brown  Virginia Tech 
 15:35   
 15m    
 Talk | Beyond Code Generation: The Need for Type-Aware Language Models   APR   
 Francisco Ribeiro  HASLab/INESC TEC & Universidade do Minho  , José Nuno Macedo  University of Minho  , Kanae Tsushima  National Institute of Informatics, Japan 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 An Analysis of the Automatic Bug Fixing Performance of ChatGPT  APR   
 Dominik Sobania  , Martin Briesch  , Carol Hanna  , Justyna Petke 
 An Extensive Study on Model Architecture and Program Representation in the Domain of Learning-based Automated Program Repair  APR   
 Dániel Horváth  , Viktor Csuvik  , Tibor Gyimóthy  , László Vidács 
 Beyond Code Generation: The Need for Type-Aware Language Models  APR   
 Francisco Ribeiro  , José Nuno Macedo  , Kanae Tsushima 
 FixEval: Execution-based Evaluation of Program Fixes for Programming Problems  APR   
 Md Mahim Anjum Haque  , Wasi Uddin Ahmad  , Ismini Lourentzou  , Chris Brown 
 Mining Fix Patterns with Context Information for Automatic Program Repair  APR   
 Phan Thi Thanh Huyen  , Kazuya Yasuda  , Shinji Itoh 
 Program Repair Competition  APR   
 Ridwan Salihin Shariffdeen  , Martin Mirchev  , Abhik Roychoudhury 
 Quick Repair of Semantic Errors for Debugging  APR   
 Steven P. Reiss  , Xuan Wei  , Qi Xin 

 Call for Papers  
  
 We invite submissions that discuss recent developments in the theory and practice of automated program repair. The workshop will provide an opportunity for researchers interested in program repair to exchange ideas and find out about current research directions in the field. A particular emphasis of this workshop is on reducing the gap between academic research on automated program repair and the demands of industry.  
 This workshop will explore topics related to:  
 Quality of automatically generated patches, overfitting analysis Scalability of program repair algorithms Repair of domain-specific bugs Applications of program repair Deployment of program repair Case studies on program repair Program repair tools Program repair benchmarks Dynamic and static analysis for program repair Machine learning of code for program repair Testing and verification for program repair Fault localization for program repair Program repair and DevOps Debugging and program repair Program synthesis for program repair Evaluation Criteria Reviewers will evaluate each contribution for its soundness, significance, novelty, verifiability, and clarity. Submissions should clearly state how they are novel and how they improve upon existing work.  
 We will employ a double-blind review process. Thus, no submission may reveal its authors’ identities. The authors must make every effort to honor the double-blind review process. In particular, the authors’ names must be omitted from the submission and references to their prior work should be in the third person.  
 Submission Instructions All submissions must conform to the ICSE 2023 formatting and submission instructions. All submissions must be in PDF. We invite submissions of papers of the following types:  
 Research papers (8 pages inc. references): technical research, experience reports, empirical studies, etc. Position papers (2 pages inc. references): well-argued position or work in progress. Submissions must conform to the IEEE conference proceedings template, specified in the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran} without including the compsoc or compsocconf options).  
 Submissions can be made via the submission site ( https://apr23.hotcrp.com/  ) by the submission deadline. We encourage the authors to upload their paper info early (and can submit the PDF later) to properly enter conflicts for double-blind reviewing. If a submission is accepted, at least one author of the paper is required to attend the workshop and present the paper in person.  
 The official publication date of the workshop proceedings is the date the proceedings are made available by IEEE. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of ICSE 2023. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  

 Questions? Use the APR contact form  .    
    
 Organizers    
   
 Shin Hwei Tan    
 Southern University of Science and Technology   
 China 
  Yuriy Brun    
 University of Massachusetts   
 United States 
  Dongsun Kim    
 Kyungpook National University   
 South Korea 
  Sergey Mechtaev    
 University College London   
 United Kingdom 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

  ICSE 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 ICSE Keynotes   
  Social Events   
  Technical Track   
  FoSE - Future of Software Engineering   
  ROSE festival   
  Journal-First Papers   
  SEIP - Software Engineering in Practice   
  SEET - Software Engineering Education and Training   
  SEIS - Software Engineering in Society   
  NIER - New Ideas and Emerging Results   
  Industry Forum   
  DEMO - Demonstrations   
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
  Artifact Evaluation   
  Posters   
  Workshops   
  DS - Doctoral Symposium   
  New Faculty Symposium   
  SCORE 2023   
  Showcase   
  SMeW - Student Mentoring Workshop   
  Most Influential Paper ICSE N-10   
  Student Volunteers   
  Technical Briefings   
  Submitting to ICSE2023: Q&A   
  ICSE 2023 Open Science Policies    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 AST 2023   
  CAIN 2023   
  CHASE 2023   
  FormaliSE 2023   
  ICPC 2023   
  ICSSP 2023   
  MOBILESoft 2023   
  MSR 2023   
  TechDebt 2023   
  Workshops  
 AIOps 2023   
  APR 2023   
  BotSE 2023   
  DeepTest 2023   
  EnCyCriS 2023   
  FairWare 2023   
  GAS 2023   
  GE@ICSE 2023   
  GI 2023   
  GREENS 2023   
  InnerSoft 2023   
  InteNSE 2023   
  MET 2023   
  NLBSE 2023   
  Q-SE 2023   
  RoSE 2023   
  SBFT 2023   
  SEENG 2023   
  SERP4IoT 2023   
  SESoS 2023   
  SVM 2023   
  WETSEB 2023   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 SEAMS 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Melbourne Convention Exhibition Centre | MCEC   
  Keynotes   
  Melbourne   
  Victoria   
  Australia   
  Code of Conduct   
  Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Main Conference In-Person Presenter Instructions   
  Main Conference Virtual Presenter Instructions   
  Workshop and Co-Located Event Instructions   
  Session Chair Instructions   
  Venue Floor Map   
  Accommodation   
  Registration   
  Visa Letter of Invitation   
  Social Events   
  Recruitment Opportunities at ICSE 2023   
  IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement   
  Travel Support   
  Childcare Support

73. ICSOC_2 conference:
JavaScript required  
 We’re sorry, but WorldCat does not work without JavaScript enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser.  

   Items   
    ​      
  ​      

 Pages 
  Home 
  Libraries 
  Topics 
  Lists 
  About 
  For Librarians 

 Service-oriented computing : 21st International Conference, ICSOC 2023, Rome, Italy, November 28 - December 1, 2023, Proceedings. Part I    

 Authors :  ICSOC (Conference)   , Flavia Monti  ( Editor  )   , Stefanie Rinderle-Ma  ( Editor  )   , Antonio Ruiz-Cortés  ( Editor  )   , Zibin Zheng  ( Editor  )   , Massimo Mecella  ( Editor  )       
   
 Summary :  These two volumes constitute the proceedings of the 21st International Conference, ICSOC 2023, held Rome, Italy, during November 28-December 1, 2023. The 35 full papers and the 10 short papers included in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 208 submissions. The volumes focus on cutting-edge topics like artificial intelligence, machine learning, big data analytics, the Internet of Things (IoT), and emerging technologies such as quantum computing, blockchain, chatbots, and sustainable green IT solutions     

   eBook  , English  , 2023  Edition :  View all formats and editions     
 Publisher :  Springer , Cham , 2023     
   
 Series :  Lecture notes in computer science  , 14419     
    
 Genre :  proceedings (reports)    
 Physical Description :  1 online resource (xxvii, 411 pages) : illustrations (some color).    
 ISBN :  9783031484216 , 3031484215    
    
 DOI :  10.1007/978-3-031-48421-6      
 OCLC Number / Unique Identifier :  1411032295    
 Subjects :  Actes de congrès    
 Architecture orientée service (Informatique) Congrès    
 Conference papers and proceedings    
 Service-oriented architecture (Computer science)    
 Service-oriented architecture (Computer science) Congresses    
 proceedings (reports)    

 Additional Physical Form Entry :  Print version:   
 Service-Oriented Computing    
 Monti, Flavia    

 Contents :  AI for service systems   
 Architecture and system aspects   
 Containers and microservices   
 Emerging technologies and approaches   

 Notes :  Includes author index   
    
 More Information :  SpringerLink     
 public.ebookcentral.proquest.com  Click here to view book    
 www.vlebooks.com     

 Show more information        

 Buy this Item:  

 Rent this Item:   

 WorldCat is the world’s largest library catalog, helping you find library materials online.  
   
 Language  Čeština  Deutsch  English  Español  Français  Italiano  日本語  한국어  Nederlands  Português  ไทย  简体中文  繁體中文     ​      

 Copyright © 2001-2024 OCLC. All rights reserved.  Terms and Conditions  Help    
   
 © 2024 OCLC Domestic and international trademarks and/or service marks of OCLC, Inc. and its affiliates.  Cookie notice    
   
 Home  Libraries  Topics  Lists    
 About  For Librarians  Help & FAQ  Contact Us    
                    
 Privacy Policy  Accessibility Statement  ISO 27001 Certificate

74. SISAP_0 conference:
SISAP 2023   
  Oct 9-11, A Coruña, Spain   
 16th International Conference on  
  Similarity Search and Applications, SISAP 2023  
 The International Conference on Similarity Search and Applications (SISAP) is an annual forum for researchers and application developers in the area of similarity data management. It aims at the technological problems shared by numerous application domains, such as data mining, information retrieval, multimedia retrieval, computer vision, pattern recognition, computational biology, geography, biometrics, machine learning, and many others that need similarity searching as a necessary supporting service. Please see the call for papers (to be announced soon) for more details.  
 SISAP 2023 also features a doctoral symposium  . If you are a PhD student, please consider submitting a paper about your project.  
 The SISAP initiative ( www.sisap.org  ) is a forum to exchange real-world, challenging and innovative examples of applications, new indexing techniques, common test-beds and benchmarks, source code and up-to-date literature through its web page, serving the similarity search community. Traditionally, SISAP puts emphasis on the distance-based searching, but in general the conference concerns both the effectiveness and efficiency aspects of any similarity search problem.  
 The series started in 2008 as a workshop and has developed over the years into an international conference with Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science  (LNCS) proceedings. SISAP is a CORE B conference.  
 A small selection of the best papers presented at the conference will be recommended for inclusion in a special issue of Elsevier Information Systems  . These extended versions will be subject to a second round of peer review at the journal.  
 There will be a Best Paper  and Best Student Paper Award  .  
 SISAP 2023 will take place in A Coruña, Spain  .  
 More details will be pulbished soon in this webpage.   
   
 SISAP 2023   
 Home 
  Call for Research Contributions 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium Papers 
  Call for SISAP Indexing Challenge 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Organization 
  Program Committee 
  Information channels 
  Contributions  
 Submission Guidelines 
  Important Dates 
  Accepted Papers 
  Camera Ready Version 
  Proceedings 
  Awards 
  Attendance  
 Conference Venue 
  Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Conference Program 
  Previous Conferences  
 SISAP 2022 
  SISAP 2021 
  SISAP 2020 
  SISAP 2019 
  SISAP 2018 
  SISAP 2017 
  Earlier SISAPs 
   
 News  
 SISAP is a CORE Rank B  conference.

75. SEKE_0 conference:
<p>Please make sure your browser support FRAME and try again! <br> Thank you!

76. SEFM_3 conference:
JavaScript is not available.  
 We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.  
 Help Center   
 Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Imprint  Ads info  © 2024 X Corp.  

 Something went wrong, but don’t fret — let’s give it another shot.    
  
   Try again    
   Some privacy related extensions may cause issues on x.com. Please disable them and try again.

77. SISAP_1 conference:
SISAP 2023   
  Oct 9-11, A Coruña, Spain   
 Call for papers - SISAP 2023  
 16th International Conference on Similarity Search and Applications   
 A Coruña, Spain, Oct 9-11, 2023  
 Scope  
 The International Conference on Similarity Search and Applications (SISAP) is an annual forum for researchers and application developers in the area of similarity data management. It aims at the technological problems shared by numerous application domains, such as data mining, information retrieval, multimedia retrieval computer vision, pattern recognition, computational biology, geography, biometrics, machine learning, and many others that make use of similarity search as a necessary supporting service. From its roots in metric indexing SISAP has expanded to become the only international conference entirely devoted to all issues surrounding the theory, design, analysis, practice, and application of content-based and feature-based similarity search. Since 2021, SISAP has been a CORE Rank B conference.  
 SISAP traditionally allows for research papers (full and short), application papers (full and short), as well as demo (short), vision (short), and position (short) papers.  
 The conference proceedings will be published by Springer as a volume in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Best papers will be awarded along with a monetary prize. A small selection of the best papers presented at the conference will be recommended for inclusion in a special issue of Information Systems. These extended versions will be subject to a second round of peer review at the journal.  
 Important Additional Scholarly Activities at SISAP  
 Fourth Doctoral Symposium on Similarity Search and Applications 
  SISAP Indexing Challenge 
  Invited speakers  
 Michael Houle, New Jersey Institute of Technology 
  Yury Malkov, VerSe Innovation 
  Topics of interest  
 The specific topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Similarity | Similarity queries (k-NN, range, reverse NN, top-k, approximate, etc.) 
  Similarity measures (graph, structural, time series, complex data, tensors, secondary similarity, etc.) 
  Similarity operations (joins, ranking, classification, categorization, filtering, etc.) 
  Scalability | Indexing and access methods for similarity-based processing 
  High-performance/large-scale similarity search (distributed, parallel, etc.) 
  Data management (transaction support, dynamic maintenance, etc.) 
  Theory | Languages for similarity databases 
  Models of similarity 
  Intrinsic dimensionality 
  Discriminability and contrast 
  Manifolds and subspaces 
  Analytics, Learning, Artificial Intelligence | Visual analytics for similarity-based operations 
  Feature selection and extraction for similarity search 
  Representations learning for feature extraction 
  Merging/combining multiple similarity modalities 
  Learning/adaptive similarity measures 
  Similarity in learning and mining 
  Evaluation | Evaluation techniques for similarity queries and operations 
  Cost models and analysis for similarity data processing 
  Performance studies and comparisons 
  Test collections and benchmarks 
  Applications | Multimedia retrieval systems 
  Applications of similarity-based operations 
  Industrial applications and case studies 
  Similarity for forensics and security 
  Similarity search cloud services 
  Security and privacy of in similarity search 
  Important Dates  
 Abstract deadline: | June 5, 2023 | Extended to: June 7, 2023 | (AoE) 
  Paper deadline: | June 12, 2023 | Extended to: June 18, 2023 | (AoE) 
  Paper notification: July 24, 2023 
  Camera-ready due: August 28, 2023 
  Conference: October 9-11, 2023 
  Organization  
 Steering Committee  
 Giuseppe Amato, ISTI-CNR, Italy 
  Edgar Chávez, CICESE, México 
  Stéphane Marchand-Maillet, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Pavel Zezula, Masaryk University, Czech Republic 
  General Chair  
 Oscar Pedreira, University of A Coruña, Spain 
  Program Committee Co-Chairs  
 Vladimir Estivill, University Pompeu Fabra, Spain 
  Oscar Pedreira, University of A Coruña, Spain 
  Doctoral Symposium Chair  
 Amalia Duch-Brown, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Spain 
  Doctoral Consortium Committee  
 Giuseppe Amato, ISTI-CNR, Italy 
  Richard Connor, University of St Andrews, UK 
  Eric S. Tellez, CICESE-INFOTEC-CONACYT México 
  SISAP Indexing Challenge Chairs  
 Eric S. Tellez, CICESE-INFOTEC-CONACyT, Mexico 
  Martin Aumüller, ITU Copenhagen, Denmark 
  Publicity Chair  
 Conrado Martinez, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Spain 
  Cole Foster, Brown University, USA 
   
 SISAP 2023   
 Home 
  Call for Research Contributions 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium Papers 
  Call for SISAP Indexing Challenge 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Organization 
  Program Committee 
  Information channels 
  Contributions  
 Submission Guidelines 
  Important Dates 
  Accepted Papers 
  Camera Ready Version 
  Proceedings 
  Awards 
  Attendance  
 Conference Venue 
  Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Conference Program 
  Previous Conferences  
 SISAP 2022 
  SISAP 2021 
  SISAP 2020 
  SISAP 2019 
  SISAP 2018 
  SISAP 2017 
  Earlier SISAPs 
   
 News  
 SISAP is a CORE Rank B  conference.

78. SEKE_1 conference:
Proceedings of the International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering   
 ISSN: 2325-9000 print  
  ISSN: 2325-9086 online  
 To download the proceedings, click on any entry in the following list of proceedings. However sometimes the browser may fail due to the large size of the proceedings. You can try again. If still unsuccessful you can use an ftp client such as the FileZilla. (1) Enter ftp address: ftp.ipage.com (2) Enter login name: sekeproceedings (3) Enter password: Covid-19# (4) Click on the proceedings you want to download   
  
 SEKE 2024 Proceedings | October 28 - November 4, 2024 | Larkspur Landing South San Francisco Hotel, USA and KSIR Virtual Conference Center, Pittsburgh, USA 
 SEKE 2023 Proceedings | July 1 - July 10, 2023 | Larkspur Landing South San Francisco Hotel, USA and KSIR Virtual Conference Center, Pittsburgh, USA 
 SEKE 2022 Proceedings | July 1 - July 10, 2022 | KSIR Virtual Conference Center, Pittsburgh, USA 
 SEKE 2021 Proceedings | July 1 - July 10, 2021 | KSIR Virtual Conference Center, Pittsburgh, USA 
 SEKE 2020 Proceedings | July 9 - July 19, 2020 | KSIR Virtual Conference Center, Pittsburgh, USA 
 SEKE 2019 Proceedings | July 10 - July 12, 2019 | Hotel Tivoli, Lisbon, Portugal 
 SEKE 2018 Proceedings | July 1 - July 3, 2018 | Hotel Pullman, Redwood City, California, USA 
 SEKE 2017 Proceedings | July 5 - July 7, 2017 | Wyndham Pittsburgh University Center, Pittsburgh, USA 
 SEKE 2016 Proceedings | July 1 - July 3, 2016 | Hotel Sofitel, Redwood City, San Francisco Bay, USA 
 SEKE 2015 Proceedings | July 6 - July 8, 2015 | Wyndham Pittsburgh University Center, Pittsburgh, USA 
 SEKE 2014 Proceedings | July 1 - July 3, 2014 | Hyatt Regency, Vancouver, CANADA 
 SEKE 2013 Proceedings | June 27 - June 29, 2013 | Hyatt Harborside at Logan Int'l Airport, Boston, USA 
 SEKE 2012 Proceedings | July 1 - July 3, 2012 | Hotel Sofitel, Redwood City, San Francisco Bay, USA 
 SEKE 2011 Proceedings | July 7 - July 9, 2011 | Eden Roc Renaissance Miami Beach, USA 
 SEKE 2010 Proceedings | July 1 - July 3, 2010 | Hotel Sofitel, Redwood City, San Francisco Bay, USA 
 SEKE 2009 Proceedings | July 1 - July 3, 2009 | Hyatt Harborside at Logan Int'l Airport, Boston, USA 
 SEKE 2008 Proceedings | July 1 - July 3, 2008 | Hotel Sofitel, Redwood City, San Francisco Bay, USA 
 SEKE 2007 Proceedings | July 9 - July 11, 2007 | Hyatt Harborside at Logan Int'l Airport, Boston, USA 
 SEKE 2006 Proceedings | July 5 - July 7, 2006 | Hotel Sofitel, San Francisco Bay, USA 
 SEKE 2005 Proceedings | July 14 - July 16, 2005 | Howard International Center, Taipei, Taiwan 
 SEKE 2004 Proceedings | June 20 - June 24, 2004 | Banff Conference Centre, Banff, Canada

79. SISAP_2 conference:
SISAP Indexing challenge   
 challenge  
   
 Home  Tasks  Methodology  Datasets  Repository examples  Committee and pre-registration  Inputs and outputs  2023 edition   
 © sisap challenge committee.  

 2023 edition:  Tasks  | Methodology  | Datasets  | Repository examples  | Committee and pre-registration    
 SISAP 2023 Indexing Challenge and Demo Track   
 The International Conference on Similarity Search and Applications (SISAP) is an annual forum for researchers and application developers in the area of similarity data management. It aims at the technological problems shared by numerous application domains, such as data mining, information retrieval, multimedia, computer vision, pattern recognition, computational biology, geography, biometrics, machine learning, and many others that use similarity search as a necessary supporting service. Machine learning, dense retrieval, and multimedia indexing have taken the scene of similarity search as the most challenging task among applications. This call reflects on this observation.  
 In 2023 we are launching the SISAP Indexing Challenge  with a test bed to compare new and existing indexing algorithms in three common tasks. Current data pools are in the order of several billion objects to train a generative deep neural network; we will be steering towards indexing datasets in this size in upcoming editions of this challenge. For this year, we are launching the challenge with datasets fitting on a single modern desktop computer, sized from ten million to one hundred million objects. We aim at providing a common test bed to compare new indexes, re-implementations of previously known indexes and an overview of the behavior of similarity search at various size scales.  
 Important information   
 Task list and description  . 
  Evaluation  . 
  Important dates: see below. 
  Datasets  . 
  Example GitHub repositories (Actions enabled): examples  . 
  News:   
 Mar. 28th, 2023:  The evaluation methodology was changed to allow multithreading searches (more details  .) 
  May. 31st, 2023:  The gold standards were recomputed using 64-bit IEEE floating point arithmetic, yet storing 32-bit FP values for compatibility. The new files can be downloaded from the datasets  page. The new gold standards were computed in response to a list of observations from Vladimír Míč about distance values in the gold standard. Vladimir computed several sanity checks and found queries with many near duplicates and others with ties on critical rank positions. We think the new gold standard help with some issues, but most problems seem part of the dataset (for instance, see [1]   ). Currently, the plan is as follows: | Remove problematic query objects from the query set. 
  Adjust the metric score to be fair and/or ask for more k   k      k     nearest neighbors to reduce the impact of problematic queries. 
  Ensure that the evaluation query set (private) is free of these issues. 
  Publish the private query set and its gold standard after the challenge. 
   
 [1] | Webster, R., Rabin, J., Simon, L., & Jurie, F. (2023). On the De-duplication of LAION-2B. arXiv preprint arXiv:2303.12733. 
  
 Important dates   
 Feb. 20th, 2023:  Call for participation published, expression of interest opened. [2] 
  Apr. 3rd, 2023:  Expression of interest closes. 
  Jul. 10th, 2023: Submission of proposed implementations. 
  Jul. 16th, 2023:  Submission of proposed implementations. 
  Jul. 31st, 2023:  Short paper deadline (AoE). 
  Aug. 14th, 2023:  Paper notification. 
  Aug. 20th, 2023:  Publication of final rankings. 
  Sept. 4th, 2023:  Camera-ready. 
  Oct. 9th-11th, 2023:  SISAP 2023 in A Coruña, Spain, with a special session for the challenge. 
   
 [2] | Visit committee  for more instructions. 
  
 Reports   
 We expect that participants prepare a detailed report of their solution in a typical SISAP's shortpaper format  with a focus on reproducibility and comparing their speedup against a brute force solution in its machine and the resulting quality w.r.t. recall. Organizers and an ad-hoc committee will review these short papers if the number of papers is large, looking to increase the paper's quality. All participants can submit a report regardless of its final rank position. As in other SISAP's tracks and sessions, the acceptance will be based on the quality of contribution and the manuscript itself.  
 CC BY-SA 4.0  sisap challenge committee. Last modified: August 30, 2024. Website built with Franklin.jl  and the Julia programming language  .

80. SNPD_0 conference:
Home | ACIS News 
  Contact Us 
  About 
  Membership 
  Conference Calendar | SERA 2024 
  ICIS 2024-Summer I 
  SNPD 2024-Summer 
  ICIS 2024-Summer III 
  BCD 2024-Summer 
  AIML 2024 
  SNPD2024-Winter 
  BCD 2025-Winter 
  EAIM 2025 
  SERA 2025 
  SNPD 2025-Summer I 
  SNPD 2025-Summer II 
  SNPD 2025-Summer III 
  SNPD 2025-Summer IV 
  SNPD2025-Winter 
  Officers 
  ACIS Publications | IJNDC 
  IJSI 
  IJBDIA 
  Springer 
  Past Conferences | Past Conferences 
  Past Conference Photos 
  SpecialSession/Workshop/Symposium Info | Organizer Instructions 
  Proposal Form 
  Review Form 
  Virtual Conference Instructions 

 SNPD 2023  
   25th IEEE/ACIS International Conference on Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Networking and Parallel/Distributed Computing (SNPD2023)  
 December 6-8, 2023  
 Taichung, Taiwan  

 Conference Venue  
 National Chin-Yi University of Technology, Taiwan  

 Important Dates:   
 Workshop/Special session proposal: June 16, 2023    
   
 Workshop/Special session acceptance notification: June 30, 2023    

 Submission Deadline:  September 4, 2023  Extended: September 25, 2023      
 Acceptance Notification: September 18, 2023  Extended: October 9, 2023    
 Registration/Camera Ready Paper: October 3, 2023   Extended: October 31, 2023    

 The 25th IEEE/ACIS International Conference on Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Networking and Parallel/Distributed Computing (SNPD 2023) brings together researchers, scientists, engineers, industry practitioners, and students to discuss, encourage and exchange new ideas, research results, and experiences on all aspects of computer and information science. SNPD2023 aims to facilitate cross-fertilizations among the key technology enabling areas and is soliciting papers in these areas.  

 Call For Papers     

 Special Sessions     

 Submission Of Papers For Review     

 Final Paper Submission     

 Special Session/Workshop Proposal Form     

 Review Form     

 Register Now     

 Fee Schedule     

 Venue     

 Keynote Speakers     

 Hotel Reservation Form     

 Travel/Accommodation Information     

 PC Members     

 Program     

 ABOUT ACIS  
 ACIS provides a forum for researchers in education and industry from all over the world to interact with one another and disseminate the latest developments in the fields of computer and information science.  
   
 RECENT NEWS  
   
 QUICK LINKS  
 Home 
  Membership 
  Conference Calendar 
  Officers 
  ACIS Publications 
  Past Conferences 
  SpecialSession/Workshop/Symposium Info 
  Virtual Conference Instructions 

 CONTACT INFO  
 Michigan Office   
 619 S Mission St, Mt.  
  Mt. Pleasant, MI 48858, U.S.A.  
 Florida Office   
 4088 Basket Oak Cir.  
  Vero Beach, FL 32967, U.S.A.  
 Email: acis@acisinternational.org   

 © Copyright 2018 ACIS International. All Rights Reserved Built by GriffusTech

81. SLE_0 conference:
SPLASH 2023   Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2023 Cascais, Portugal    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Hotel Cascais Miragem 
  Registration 
  Sponsoring 
  Code of Conduct 
  Support for Attending the Conference 
  Live Streams 
  Instructions for Presenters 
  How to SPLASH (Quick Attendee Guide) 
  Instructions for Session Chairs 
  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 22 Oct 
  Mon 23 Oct 
  Tue 24 Oct 
  Wed 25 Oct 
  Thu 26 Oct 
  Fri 27 Oct 
  Tracks | SPLASH 2023 
  Awards 
  OOPSLA 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Onward! Essays 
  Onward! Papers 
  PLMW 
  Posters 
  SPLASH-E 
  Student Research Competition 
  Volunteers 
  Workshops 
  DEI Activities 
  CARES 
  Sponsored Talks 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  DLS 
  GPCE 
  LOPSTR 
  MPLR 
  PPDP 
  SAS | SAS 
  SAS 
  SAS  Artifacts 
  SLE 
  Workshops 
  CONFLANG  23 
  FTSCS 
  HATRA 
  IWACO 
  LIVE 
  PAINT 
  PLF 
  REBLS 
  ST30 
  VMIL 
  Organization | SPLASH 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  OOPSLA | OOPSLA Review Committee 
  External Review / Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Onward! Essays | Program Committee 
  Onward! Steering Committee 
  Onward! Papers | Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  PLMW | Organizing Committee 
  Speakers & Panelists 
  Mentors 
  Posters 
  SPLASH-E | Program Commitee 
  Steering Committee 
  Student Research Competition | Organizers 
  Judges 
  Reviewers 
  Volunteers 
  Workshops 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  DLS | Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  GPCE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  LOPSTR | N/A - check homepage 
  MPLR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PPDP | N/A - check homepage 
  SAS | Invited Speakers 
  Organizing Committee 
  SAS 2023 
  SAS 2023 Artifacts 
  SLE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  CONFLANG | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FTSCS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  HATRA | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IWACO | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  LIVE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PAINT | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLF | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  REBLS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ST30 | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Committee 
  VMIL | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SPLASH 2025 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  SPLASH 2021 
  SPLASH 2020 
  SPLASH 2019 
  SPLASH 2018 
  SPLASH 2017 
  SPLASH 2016 
  SPLASH 2015 
  SPLASH 2014 
  SPLASH 2013 
  SPLASH 2012 
  SPLASH 2011 
   SPLASH 2010 
   OOPSLA 2009 
  OOPSLA 2008 
  OOPSLA 2007 
  OOPSLA 2006 
  OOPSLA 2005 
  OOPSLA 2004 
  OOPSLA 2003 
  OOPSLA 2002 
  OOPSLA 2001 
  OOPSLA 2000 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SPLASH 2023  ( series  ) /  SLE 2023 ( series  ) /  SLE (Software Language Engineering) 2023  
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Call for Papers 
  The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution.  
 With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its environment, and the languages driving its development process. Given that everything depends on software and that software depends on software languages, it seems fair to say that for many years to come, everything will depend on software languages.  
 Software language engineering  (SLE) is the discipline of engineering languages and their tools required for the creation of software. It abstracts from the differences between programming languages, modelling languages, and other software languages, and emphasizes the engineering facet of the creation of such languages, that is, the establishment of the scientific methods and practices that enable the best results. While SLE is certainly driven by its metacircular character (software languages are engineered using software languages), SLE is not self-satisfying: its scope extends to the engineering of languages for all and everything.  
 Like its predecessors, the 16th edition of the SLE conference, SLE 2023, will bring together researchers from different areas united by their common interest in the creation, capture, and tooling of software languages. It overlaps with traditional conferences on the design and implementation of programming languages, model-driven engineering, and compiler construction, and emphasizes the fusion of their communities. To foster the latter, SLE traditionally fills a two-day program with a single track, with the only temporal overlap occurring between co-located events.  
 SLE 2023 will be co-located with SPLASH 2023  and take place in Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal.  
 Community website: | http://www.sleconf.org/2023 
  Conference website: | https://conf.researchr.org/home/sle-2023 
  Submission website: | https://sle23.hotcrp.com 
    
 Dates    

 Plenary    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+01:00) Lisbon    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-05:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-03:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+10:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+11:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+11:00) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+12:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+13:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+13:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Mon 23 Oct   
  
 Displayed time zone: Lisbon  change      

 09:00 - 10:30 | Language implementation SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): Thomas Degueule  CNRS, LaBRI   This session will start at 08:50 with a welcome and general announcements from the Conference General Chair. 
 09:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Exceptions all Over the Shop: Modular, Customizable, Language-independent Exception Handling Layer Research Paper      SLE   
 Walter Cazzola  Università degli Studi di Milano  , Luca Favalli  Università degli Studi di Milano    
  DOI 
 09:30   
 30m    
 Talk | An Executable Semantics for Faster Development of Optimizing Python Compilers Research Paper      SLE   
 Olivier Melancon  Université de Montréal  , Marc Feeley  Université de Montréal  , Manuel Serrano  Inria; University of Côte d'Azur    
  DOI 
 10:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Adaptive Structural Operational Semantics Research Paper      SLE   
 Gwendal Jouneaux  University of Rennes; Inria; IRISA  , Damian Frölich  University of Amsterdam  , Olivier Barais  University of Rennes; Inria; CNRS; IRISA  , Benoit Combemale  University of Rennes, Inria, CNRS, IRISA  , Gurvan LE GUERNIC  DGA MI & Université de Rennes 1  , Gunter Mussbacher  McGill University  , L. Thomas van Binsbergen  University of Amsterdam    
  DOI   Pre-print 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Coffee Break Catering   at Gallery 

 11:00 - 12:30 | GPCE/SLE Keynote (in Room XV) SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): Coen De Roover  Vrije Universiteit Brussel   12:10pm The GPCE, SLE and COLA awards will be announced in the last part of this session in Room XV. 
 11:00   
 70m    
 Keynote | Coccinelle: Impact and Internals   SLE   
 Julia Lawall  Inria 
 12:10   
 20m    
 Awards | GPCE/SLE Awards   SLE   
 Amir Shaikhha  University of Edinburgh  , Coen De Roover  Vrije Universiteit Brussel  , Sebastian Erdweg  JGU Mainz  , João Saraiva  HASLab/INESC TEC, University of Minho  , Thomas Degueule  CNRS, LaBRI  , Elizabeth Scott  Royal Holloway University of London  , Friedrich Steimann  Fernuniversität in Hagen  , Walter Cazzola  Università degli Studi di Milano 

 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Catering   at Gallery 

 14:00 - 15:30 | Grammars and parsing SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): Luis Eduardo de Souza Amorim  Australian National University, Australia 
 14:00   
 30m    
 Talk | A reference GLL implementation Research Paper      SLE   
 Adrian Johnstone  Royal Holloway University of London, UK    
  DOI 
 14:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Sharing Trees and Contextual Information: Re-imagining Forwarding in Attribute Grammars Research Paper      SLE   
 Lucas Kramer  University of Minnesota  , Eric Van Wyk  Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Minnesota, USA    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 15:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Nanopass Attribute Grammars Research Paper      SLE   
 Nathan Ringo  University of Minnesota  , Lucas Kramer  University of Minnesota  , Eric Van Wyk  Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Minnesota, USA    
  DOI   Pre-print 

 15:30 - 16:00 | Coffee Break Catering   at Gallery 

 16:00 - 17:30 | Inference and automation SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): Adrian Johnstone  Royal Holloway University of London, UK 
 16:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Automated extraction of grammar optimization rule configurations in a metamodel-grammar co-evolution scenario Research Paper      SLE   
 Weixing Zhang  Chalmers | University of Gothenburg  , Regina Hebig  Chalmers University of Technology & University of Gothenburg  , Daniel Strüber  Chalmers | University of Gothenburg / Radboud University  , Jan-Philipp Steghöfer  XITASO GmbH IT & Software Solutions    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 16:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Reuse and Automated Integration of Recommenders for Modelling Languages Research Paper      SLE   
 Lissette Almonte  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  , Antonio Garmendia  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  , Esther Guerra  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  , Juan de Lara  Autonomous University of Madrid    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 17:00   
 30m    
 Talk | GPT-3-Powered Type Error Debugging: Investigating the Use of Large Language Models for Code Repair Research Paper      SLE   
 Francisco Ribeiro  HASLab/INESC TEC & Universidade do Minho  , José Nuno Macedo  University of Minho  , Kanae Tsushima  National Institute of Informatics, Japan  , Rui Abreu  Faculty of Engineering, University of Porto  , João Saraiva  HASLab/INESC TEC, University of Minho    
  DOI 

 Tue 24 Oct   
  
 Displayed time zone: Lisbon  change      

 09:00 - 10:30 | Live programming and debugging SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): Vadim Zaytsev  University of Twente, Netherlands 
 09:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Temporal Breakpoints for Multiverse Debugging Research Paper      SLE   
 Matthias Pasquier  Ertosgener  , Ciprian Teodorov  ENSTA Bretagne  , Frédéric Jouault  ERIS Team, ESEO , France  , Matthias Brun   , Luka Le Roux  Lab-STICC CNRS UMR 6285, ENSTA Bretagne  , Loïc Lagadec  Lab-STICC CNRS UMR 6285, ENSTA Bretagne    
  DOI 
 09:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Cross-Level Debugging for Static Analysers Research Paper      SLE   
 Mats Van Molle  Vrije Universiteit Brussel  , Bram Vandenbogaerde  Vrije Universiteit Brussel  , Coen De Roover  Vrije Universiteit Brussel    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 10:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Cascade: a Meta-Language for Change, Cause and Effect Research Paper      SLE   
 Riemer van Rozen  CWI    
  DOI 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Coffee Break Catering   at Gallery 

 11:00 - 12:30 | SLE Keynote SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): Elizabeth Scott  Royal Holloway University of London 
 11:00   
 60m    
 Keynote | Artificial Languages are Dead. Long Live Artificial Languages! Keynote      SLE   
 Crista Lopes  University of California, Irvine 
 12:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Seamless Code Generator Synchronization in the Composition of Heterogeneous Modeling Languages New ideas / Vision paper      SLE   
 Nico Jansen  Software Engineering, RWTH Aachen University  , Bernhard Rumpe  RWTH Aachen University    
  DOI 

 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Catering   at Gallery 

 14:00 - 15:30 | Modeling SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): Benoit Combemale  University of Rennes, Inria, CNRS, IRISA 
 14:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Enabling Blended Modelling of Timing and Variability in EAST-ADL Research Paper      SLE   
 Muhammad Waseem Anwar  Department of Innovation, Design and Engineering Malardalen University  , Federico Ciccozzi  Mälardalen University  , Alessio Bucaioni  Mälardalen University    
  DOI 
 14:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Towards Efficient Model Comparison Using Automated Program Rewriting Research Paper      SLE   
 Qurat Ul Ain Ali  University of York  , Dimitris Kolovos  University of York  , Konstantinos Barmpis  University of York    
  DOI 
 15:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Deriving Integrated Multi-Viewpoint Modeling Languages from Heterogeneous Modeling Languages: An Experience Report Research Paper      SLE   
 Malte Heithoff  RWTH Aachen University  , Nico Jansen  Software Engineering, RWTH Aachen University  , Jörg Christian Kirchhof  RWTH Aachen University  , Judith Michael  RWTH Aachen University  , Florian Rademacher  RWTH Aachen University  , Bernhard Rumpe  RWTH Aachen University    
  DOI   Pre-print 

 15:30 - 16:00 | Coffee Break Catering   at Gallery 

 16:00 - 17:30 | Tools and Demonstrations SLE   at Room II   
  Chair(s): João Saraiva  HASLab/INESC TEC, University of Minho   17:20 SLE closing, Friedrich Steimann 
 16:00   
 20m    
 Demonstration | A Low-Code Platform for Systematic Component-Oriented Language Composition Tool Paper      SLE   
 Jérôme Pfeiffer  University of Stuttgart, Germany  , Andreas Wortmann  University of Stuttgart    
  DOI 
 16:20   
 20m    
 Demonstration | A Tool for the Definition and Deployment of Platform-Independent Bots on Open Source Projects Tool Paper      SLE   
 Adem Ait  IN3 - UOC  , Javier Luis Cánovas Izquierdo  IN3 - UOC  , Jordi Cabot  Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 16:40   
 20m    
 Demonstration | Online Name-Based Navigation for Software Meta-languages Tool Paper      SLE   
 Peter D. Mosses  Swansea University and Delft University of Technology    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 17:00   
 20m    
 Demonstration | Practical Runtime Instrumentation of Software Languages: the Case of SciHook Tool Paper      SLE   
 Dorian Leroy  CEA/DAM/DIF, France  , Benoît Lelandais  CEA/DAM/DIF, France  , Marie-Pierre Oudot  CEA/DAM/DIF, France  , Benoit Combemale  University of Rennes, Inria, CNRS, IRISA    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 17:20   
 10m    
 Day closing | SLE Closing   SLE 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 Adaptive Structural Operational Semantics Research Paper     SLE   
 Gwendal Jouneaux  , Damian Frölich  , Olivier Barais  , Benoit Combemale  , Gurvan LE GUERNIC  , Gunter Mussbacher  , L. Thomas van Binsbergen    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 A Low-Code Platform for Systematic Component-Oriented Language Composition Tool Paper     SLE   
 Jérôme Pfeiffer  , Andreas Wortmann    
  DOI 
 An Executable Semantics for Faster Development of Optimizing Python Compilers Research Paper     SLE   
 Olivier Melancon  , Marc Feeley  , Manuel Serrano    
  DOI 
 A reference GLL implementation Research Paper     SLE   
 Adrian Johnstone    
  DOI 
 A Tool for the Definition and Deployment of Platform-Independent Bots on Open Source Projects Tool Paper     SLE   
 Adem Ait  , Javier Luis Cánovas Izquierdo  , Jordi Cabot    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Automated extraction of grammar optimization rule configurations in a metamodel-grammar co-evolution scenario Research Paper     SLE   
 Weixing Zhang  , Regina Hebig  , Daniel Strüber  , Jan-Philipp Steghöfer    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Cascade: a Meta-Language for Change, Cause and Effect Research Paper     SLE   
 Riemer van Rozen    
  DOI 
 Cross-Level Debugging for Static Analysers Research Paper     SLE   
 Mats Van Molle  , Bram Vandenbogaerde  , Coen De Roover    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Deriving Integrated Multi-Viewpoint Modeling Languages from Heterogeneous Modeling Languages: An Experience Report Research Paper     SLE   
 Malte Heithoff  , Nico Jansen  , Jörg Christian Kirchhof  , Judith Michael  , Florian Rademacher  , Bernhard Rumpe    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Enabling Blended Modelling of Timing and Variability in EAST-ADL Research Paper     SLE   
 Muhammad Waseem Anwar  , Federico Ciccozzi  , Alessio Bucaioni    
  DOI 
 Exceptions all Over the Shop: Modular, Customizable, Language-independent Exception Handling Layer Research Paper     SLE   
 Walter Cazzola  , Luca Favalli    
  DOI 
 GPT-3-Powered Type Error Debugging: Investigating the Use of Large Language Models for Code Repair Research Paper     SLE   
 Francisco Ribeiro  , José Nuno Macedo  , Kanae Tsushima  , Rui Abreu  , João Saraiva    
  DOI 
 Nanopass Attribute Grammars Research Paper     SLE   
 Nathan Ringo  , Lucas Kramer  , Eric Van Wyk    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Online Name-Based Navigation for Software Meta-languages Tool Paper     SLE   
 Peter D. Mosses    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 Practical Runtime Instrumentation of Software Languages: the Case of SciHook Tool Paper     SLE   
 Dorian Leroy  , Benoît Lelandais  , Marie-Pierre Oudot  , Benoit Combemale    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Reuse and Automated Integration of Recommenders for Modelling Languages Research Paper     SLE   
 Lissette Almonte  , Antonio Garmendia  , Esther Guerra  , Juan de Lara    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Seamless Code Generator Synchronization in the Composition of Heterogeneous Modeling Languages New ideas / Vision paper     SLE   
 Nico Jansen  , Bernhard Rumpe    
  DOI 
 Sharing Trees and Contextual Information: Re-imagining Forwarding in Attribute Grammars Research Paper     SLE   
 Lucas Kramer  , Eric Van Wyk    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Temporal Breakpoints for Multiverse Debugging Research Paper     SLE   
 Matthias Pasquier  , Ciprian Teodorov  , Frédéric Jouault  , Matthias Brun  , Luka Le Roux  , Loïc Lagadec    
  DOI 
 Towards Efficient Model Comparison Using Automated Program Rewriting Research Paper     SLE   
 Qurat Ul Ain Ali  , Dimitris Kolovos  , Konstantinos Barmpis    
  DOI 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Topics of Interest   
 SLE covers software language engineering rather than engineering a specific software language. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Software Language Design and Implementation | Approaches to and methods for language design 
  Static semantics (e.g., design rules, well-formedness constraints) 
  Techniques for specifying behavioral/executable semantics 
  Generative approaches (incl. code synthesis, compilation) 
  Meta-languages, meta-tools, language workbenches 
  Software Language Validation | Verification and formal methods for languages 
  Testing techniques for languages 
  Simulation techniques for languages 
  Software Language Integration and Composition | Coordination of heterogeneous languages and tools 
  Mappings between languages (incl. transformation languages) 
  Traceability between languages 
  Deployment of languages to different platforms 
  Software Language Maintenance | Software language reuse 
  Language evolution 
  Language families and variability, language and software product lines 
  Domain-specific approaches for any aspects of SLE (design, implementation, validation, maintenance) 
  Empirical evaluation and experience reports of language engineering tools | User studies evaluating usability 
  Performance benchmarks 
  Industrial applications 
  Synergies between Language Engineering and emerging/promising research areas | AI and ML language engineering (e.g., ML compiler testing, code classification) Quantum language engineering (e.g., language design for quantum machines) 
  Language engineering for physical systems (e.g., CPS, IoT, digital twins) 
  Socio-technical systems and language engineering (e.g., language evolution to adapt to social requirements) 
  Etc. 
  Types of Submissions   
 SLE accepts the following types of papers:  
 Research papers  : These are “traditional” papers detailing research contributions to SLE. Papers may range from 6 to 12 pages in length and may optionally include 2 further pages of bibliography/appendices. Papers will be reviewed with an understanding that some results do not need 12 full pages and may be fully described in fewer pages. 
  New ideas/vision papers  : These papers may describe new, unconventional software language engineering research positions or approaches that depart from standard practice. They can describe well-defined research ideas that are at an early stage of investigation. They could also provide new evidence to challenge common wisdom, present new unifying theories about existing SLE research that provides novel insight or that can lead to the development of new technologies or approaches, or apply SLE technology to radically new application areas. New ideas/vision papers must not exceed 5 pages and may optionally include 1 further page of bibliography/appendices. 
  SLE Body of Knowledge  : The SLE Body of Knowledge (SLEBoK) is a community-wide effort to provide a unique and comprehensive description of the concepts, best practices, tools, and methods developed by the SLE community. In this respect, the SLE conference will accept surveys, essays, open challenges, empirical observations, and case study papers on the SLE topics. These can focus on, but are not limited to, methods, techniques, best practices, and teaching approaches. Papers in this category can have up to 20 pages, including bibliography/appendices. 
  Tool papers  : These papers focus on the tooling aspects often forgotten or neglected in research papers. A good tool paper focuses on practical insights that will likely be useful to other implementers or users in the future. Any of the SLE topics of interest are appropriate areas for tool demonstrations. Submissions must not exceed 5 pages and may optionally include 1 further page of bibliography/appendices. They may optionally include an appendix with a demo outline/screenshots and/or a short video/screencast illustrating the tool. 
  Workshops  : Workshops will be organized by SPLASH. Please inform us and contact the SPLASH organizers if you would like to organize a workshop of interest to the SLE audience. Information on how to submit workshops can be found on the SPLASH 2023 Website.  
 Submission   
 Two submission rounds   
 For the second time, SLE will follow a two-phase submission and review process. This gives authors submitting to the first round an extra opportunity to improve their work (if needed) based on the comments and feedback from the reviewers. Furthermore, this will increase the quality of accepted papers.  
 Manuscripts can be submitted to any of the two submission rounds.  
 Decisions on the papers submitted to the first round  will be: accept, reject, or re-submit revised version. While rejected papers must not, revised versions may be submitted to the second round, with an accompanying response letter to the reviewers stating the changes made and how the authors addressed the reviewers’ criticisms. The same reviewers will review the re-submissions.  
 Decisions on fresh papers submitted to the second round  will be: accept or reject. The authors of borderline papers will have the chance to respond to the reviewers before the final decision is made.  
 Format   
 Submissions have to use the ACM SIGPLAN Conference Format “acmart”  ; please make sure that you always use the latest ACM SIGPLAN acmart LaTeX template  , and that the document class definition is \documentclass[sigplan,anonymous,review]{acmart}  . Do not make any changes to this format!  
 Ensure that your submission is legible when printed on a black and white printer. In particular, please check that colors remain distinct and font sizes in figures and tables are legible.  
 To increase fairness in reviewing, a double-blind review process has become standard across SIGPLAN conferences. In this line, SLE will follow the double-blind process. Author names and institutions should be omitted from submitted papers, and references to the authors’ own related work should be in the third person. No other changes are necessary, and authors will not be penalized if reviewers are able to infer their identities in implicit ways.  
 All submissions must be in PDF format. The submission website is: https://sle23.hotcrp.com   
 Concurrent Submissions   
 Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as described by SIGPLAN’s Republication Policy  . Submitters should also be aware of ACM’s Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism  . Submissions that violate these policies will be desk-rejected.  
 Policy on Human Participant and Subject Research   
 Authors conducting research involving human participants and subjects must ensure that their research comply with their local governing laws and regulations and the ACM’s general principles as stated in the ACM’s Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Submissions that violate this policy will be rejected.  
 Reviewing Process   
 All submitted papers will be reviewed by at least three members of the program committee. Research papers and tool papers will be evaluated concerning novelty, correctness, significance, readability, and alignment with the conference call. New ideas/vision papers will be evaluated primarily concerning novelty, significance, readability, and alignment with the conference call. SLEBoK papers will be reviewed on their significance, readability, topicality and capacity of presenting/evaluating/demonstrating a piece of BoK about SLE.  
 For fairness reasons, all submitted papers must conform to the above instructions. Submissions that violate these instructions may be rejected without review at the discretion of the PC chairs.  
 Awards   
 Distinguished paper | : Award for the most notable paper, as determined by the PC chairs based on the recommendations of the program committee. 
  Publication   
 All accepted papers will be published in the ACM Digital Library.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE  : The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 SLE and Doctoral Students   
 SLE encourages students to submit to the SPLASH doctoral symposium. Authors of accepted papers will also have the chance to present their work to the SLE audience.  
 Contact   
 For additional information, clarification, or answers, please get in touch with the program co-chairs (E.Scott at  rhul.ac.uk and thomas.degueule at  labri.fr).  

 Questions? Use the SLE contact form  .    
    
 Publication links   
   
  Proceedings    

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Fri 1 Sep 2023  
  Authors Notification (Round 2) 
 Thu 24 Aug - Mon 28 Aug 2023  
  Authors Response Period (Round 2) 
 Fri 7 Jul 2023   
  Paper Submission (Round 2) 
 Mon 3 Jul 2023  
  Abstract Submission (Round 2) 
 Fri 5 May 2023  
  Authors Notification (Round 1) 
 Fri 7 Apr 2023   
  Paper Submission (Round 1) 
 Fri 31 Mar 2023  
  Abstract Submission (Round 1) 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://sle23.hotcrp.com     
   
 Organizing Committee    
   
 João Saraiva General Chair    
 HASLab/INESC TEC, University of Minho   
 Portugal 
  Thomas Degueule Program Co-Chair    
 CNRS, LaBRI   
 France 
  Elizabeth Scott Program Co-Chair    
 Royal Holloway University of London 
  Andrei Chiş Publicity Chair    
 feenk, Switzerland 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Casper Bach Poulsen    
 Delft University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Jean-Christophe Bach    
 IMT Atlantique, Lab-STICC (UMR 6285)   
 France 
  Jordi Cabot    
 Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology   
 Luxembourg 
  Horatiu Cirstea    
 LORIA, University of Lorraine   
 France 
  Davide Di Ruscio    
 University of L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Romina Eramo    
 University of Teramo   
 Italy 
  Bernd Fischer    
 Stellenbosch University   
 South Africa 
  Görel Hedin    
 Lund University   
 Sweden 
  Felienne Hermans    
 Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam   
 Netherlands 
  Robert Hirschfeld    
 University of Potsdam; Hasso Plattner Institute   
 Germany 
  Zhenjiang Hu    
 Peking University   
 China 
  Adrian Johnstone    
 Royal Holloway University of London, UK   
 United Kingdom 
  Dimitris Kolovos    
 University of York   
 United Kingdom 
  Ivan Kurtev    
 Altran Netherlands 
  Julien Lange    
 Royal Holloway University of London 
  Ralf Lämmel    
 Universität Koblenz   
 Germany 
  Stefan Marr    
 University of Kent   
 United Kingdom 
  Marjan Mernik    
 University of Maribor   
 Slovenia 
  Gunter Mussbacher    
 McGill University   
 Canada 
  Oscar Nierstrasz    
 University of Bern, Switzerland   
 Switzerland 
  Bruno C. d. S. Oliveira    
 University of Hong Kong   
 China 
  Juri Di Rocco    
 University of L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Bernhard Rumpe    
 RWTH Aachen University   
 Germany 
  Neil Sculthorpe    
 Nottingham Trent University, UK 
  Tamás Szabó    
 GitHub Next   
 Germany 
  Mauricio Verano Merino    
 Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam   
 Netherlands 
  Manuel Wimmer    
 JKU Linz   
 Austria 
  Vadim Zaytsev    
 University of Twente, Netherlands   
 Netherlands 
  Philipp Zech 
  Luis Eduardo de Souza Amorim    
 Australian National University, Australia   
 Australia 
  L. Thomas van Binsbergen    
 University of Amsterdam   
 Netherlands 
  Mark van den Brand    
 Eindhoven University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Tijs van der Storm    
 CWI & University of Groningen   
 Netherlands 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

  SPLASH 2023   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Awards   
  OOPSLA   
  OOPSLA Artifacts   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Onward! Essays   
  Onward! Papers   
  PLMW   
  Posters   
  SPLASH-E   
  Student Research Competition   
  Volunteers   
  Workshops   
  DEI Activities   
  CARES   
  Sponsored Talks    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 DLS 2023   
  GPCE 2023   
  LOPSTR 2023   
  MPLR 2023   
  PPDP 2023   
  SAS 2023   
  SLE 2023   
  Workshops  
 CONFLANG 2023   
  FTSCS 2023   
  HATRA 2023   
  IWACO 2023   
  LIVE 2023   
  PAINT 2023   
  PLF 2023   
  REBLS 2023   
  ST30   
  VMIL 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Hotel Cascais Miragem   
  Registration   
  Sponsoring   
  Code of Conduct   
  Support for Attending the Conference   
  Live Streams   
  Instructions for Presenters   
  How to SPLASH (Quick Attendee Guide)   
  Instructions for Session Chairs    
 Sign Up

82. SEKE_2 conference:
Event  Publishers    

 Home 
  Login 
  Categories 
  Archive 
  Post Cfp 
  Academic Resources 
  Contact Us 

 5th International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering  
             
 Views:   537     

 When : 2023-07-01   
 Where : KSIR Virtual Conference Center, USA   
 Submission Deadline : 2023-03-01   
   
 Categories : Artificial Intelligence   , Software Engineering & Security   , Data Mining      
 https://ksiresearch.org/seke/seke23.html   

 5 th  International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering (SEKE 2023)   
    
 July 01-10, 2023, KSIR Virtual Conference Center, USA   
 Scope & Topics   
 The conference aims at bringing together experts in software engineering and knowledge engineering to discuss on relevant results in either software engineering or knowledge engineering or both. Special emphasis will be put on the transference of methods between both domains. Submission of papers and demos are both welcome.  
 Topics of Interest :   
 Software Engineering Methodologies   
 Agent-based software engineering 
  Artificial intelligence approaches to software engineering 
  Component-based software engineering 
  Embedded and ubiquitous software engineering 
  Aspect-based software engineering 
  Empirical software engineering 
  Search-Based Software engineering 
  Automated software design and synthesis 
  Automated software specification 
  Computer-supported cooperative work 
  Automated software specification 
  Automated software design and synthesis 
  Reverse engineering | Software Engineering Techniques and Production Perspectives 
  Requirements engineering 
  Software analysis, design and modeling 
  Software maintenance and evolution 
  Software engineering tools and environments 
  Software engineering decision support 
  Software design patterns 
  Software product lines 
  Process and workflow management 
  Reflection and metadata approaches 
  Program understanding and system maintenance 
  Software domain modeling and analysis 
  Software economics 
  Multimedia and hypermedia software engineering 
  Software engineering case study and experience reports 
  Enterprise software, middleware, and tools | Artificial Intelligence 
  Artificial intelligent methods, models, techniques 
  Artificial life and societies 
  Swarm intelligence 
  Smart Spaces 
  Paper Submission   
 Papers submitted to SEKE23 will be reviewed electronically. The users (webmaster, program chair, reviewers...) can login using the following URL: https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=seke23   
 Important Dates   
  
 Submission Deadline | : | March 01, 2023 
 Authors Notification | : | April 20, 2023 
 Final Manuscript Due | : | May 10, 2023 

 User Name : austin  
  Posted 15-10-2022 on 17:35:37 AEDT  

  Related CFPs  
 SOEA 2025  9th International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications  
  IJCCMS  International Journal of Chaos, Control, Modelling and Simulation  
  SEMTEC 2024  2nd International Conference on Semantic Technology  
  ICRMV 2025  2025 9th International Conference on Robotics and Machine Vision (ICRMV 2025)   

 All Rights Reserved @ Call for Papers - Conference & Journals

83. SNPD_1 conference:
Home | ACIS News 
  Contact Us 
  About 
  Membership 
  Conference Calendar | SERA 2024 
  ICIS 2024-Summer I 
  SNPD 2024-Summer 
  ICIS 2024-Summer III 
  BCD 2024-Summer 
  AIML 2024 
  SNPD2024-Winter 
  BCD 2025-Winter 
  EAIM 2025 
  SERA 2025 
  SNPD 2025-Summer I 
  SNPD 2025-Summer II 
  SNPD 2025-Summer III 
  SNPD 2025-Summer IV 
  SNPD2025-Winter 
  Officers 
  ACIS Publications | IJNDC 
  IJSI 
  IJBDIA 
  Springer 
  Past Conferences | Past Conferences 
  Past Conference Photos 
  SpecialSession/Workshop/Symposium Info | Organizer Instructions 
  Proposal Form 
  Review Form 
  Virtual Conference Instructions 

 SNPD 2023-Summer  
  26th IEEE/ACIS International Summer Conference on Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Networking and Parallel/Distributed Computing (SNPD2023-Summer)  
 July 5-7, 2023  
  Taiyuan, China   

 Conference Venue  
  Taiyuan, China   

 Important Dates:   
 Workshop/Special session proposal: January 13, 2023    
   
 Workshop/Special session acceptance notification: January 27, 2023    

 Submission Deadline:  March 4, 2023  Extended: May 15, 2023      
 Acceptance March 19, 2023   Extended: May 30, 2023    
 Registration/Camera Ready Paper: April 2, 2023   Extended: June 13, 2023      

 The 26th IEEE/ACIS International Summer Conference on Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Networking and Parallel/Distributed Computing (SNPD2023-Summer) brings together researchers, scientists, engineers, industry practitioners, and students to discuss, encourage and exchange new ideas, research results, and experiences on all aspects of computer and information science. SNPD2023-Summer aims to facilitate cross-fertilizations among the key technology enabling areas and is soliciting papers in these areas.  

 Conference Photo     

 Call For Papers     

 Special Sessions/Workshops     

 Submission Of Papers For Review     

 Final Paper Submission Instructions     

 Special Session/Workshop Proposal Form     

 Review Form     

 Register Now     

 Fee Schedule     

 Accomodations     

 Keynote Speakers     

 Travel Information     

 PC Members     

 Program     

 ABOUT ACIS  
 ACIS provides a forum for researchers in education and industry from all over the world to interact with one another and disseminate the latest developments in the fields of computer and information science.  
   
 RECENT NEWS  
   
 QUICK LINKS  
 Home 
  Membership 
  Conference Calendar 
  Officers 
  ACIS Publications 
  Past Conferences 
  SpecialSession/Workshop/Symposium Info 
  Virtual Conference Instructions 

 CONTACT INFO  
 Michigan Office   
 619 S Mission St, Mt.  
  Mt. Pleasant, MI 48858, U.S.A.  
 Florida Office   
 4088 Basket Oak Cir.  
  Vero Beach, FL 32967, U.S.A.  
 Email: acis@acisinternational.org   

 © Copyright 2018 ACIS International. All Rights Reserved Built by GriffusTech

84. SLE_1 conference:
SLE 2025   Thu 12 - Fri 13 June 2025 Koblenz, Germany    
 co-located with STAF 2025    

 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  SLE 2025 
  All Editions | SLE 2025 
  SLE 2024 
  SLE 2023 
  SLE 2022 
  SLE 2021 
  SLE 2020 
  SLE 2019 
  SLE 2018 
  SLE 2017 
  SLE 2016 
  SLE 2015 
  SLE 2013 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 SLE  
   
 All Editions   

 Thu 12 - Fri 13 June 2025 Koblenz, Germany  SLE 2025  with STAF 2025    
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024 Pasadena, California, United States  SLE 2024  with SPLASH 2024    
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2023 Cascais, Portugal  SLE 2023  with SPLASH 2023    
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 Mon 5 - Sat 10 December 2022 Auckland, New Zealand  SLE 2022  with SPLASH 2022    
 No description available 
 Sun 17 - Tue 19 October 2021 Chicago, Illinois, United States  SLE 2021  with SPLASH 2021    
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 Sun 15 - Fri 20 November 2020 Online Conference  SLE 2020  with SPLASH 2020    
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2019 Athens, Greece  SLE 2019  with SPLASH 2019    
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018 Boston, Massachusetts, United States  SLE 2018  with SPLASH 2018    
 The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017 Vancouver, Canada  SLE 2017  with SPLASH 2017    
 Software Language Engineering (SLE) is the application of systematic, disciplined, and measurable approaches to the development, use, deployment, and maintenance of software languages. The term “software language” is used broadly, and includes: general-purpose programming languages; domain-specific languages (e.g. BPMN, Simulink, Modelica); modeling and metamodeling languages (e.g. SysML and UML); data models and ... 
 Mon 31 October - Tue 1 November 2016 Amsterdam, Netherlands  SLE 2016  with SPLASH 2016    
 Software Language Engineering (SLE) is the application of systematic, disciplined, and measurable approaches to the development, use, deployment, and maintenance of software languages. The term “software language” is used broadly, and includes: general-purpose programming languages; domain-specific languages (e.g. BPMN, Simulink, Modelica); modeling and metamodeling languages (e.g. SysML and UML); data models and ... 
 Sun 25 - Tue 27 October 2015 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States  SLE 2015  with SPLASH 2015    
 Software Language Engineering (SLE) is the application of systematic, disciplined, and measurable approaches to the development, use, deployment, and maintenance of software languages. The term “software language” is used broadly, and includes: general-purpose programming languages; domain-specific languages (e.g. BPMN, Simulink, Modelica); modeling and metamodeling languages (e.g. SysML and UML); data models and ... 
 Sat 26 - Thu 31 October 2013 Indianapolis, United States  SLE 2013  with SPLASH 2013    
 The 6th International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to topics related to artificial languages in software engineering. SLE’s mission is to encourage and organize communication among communities that have traditionally looked at software languages from different and yet complementary perspectives. Of particular relevance to SLE are technologies, methods, experiments, and case studies ... 

 Steering Committee (SLE 2025)   
   
 Eric Van Wyk Steering Committee Chair    
 Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Minnesota   
 United States 
  Lola Burgueño    
 University of Malaga   
 Spain 
  Walter Cazzola    
 Università degli Studi di Milano   
 Italy 
  Benoit Combemale    
 University of Rennes, Inria, CNRS, IRISA   
 France 
  Thomas Degueule    
 CNRS   
 France 
  Davide Di Ruscio    
 University of L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Martin Erwig    
 Oregon State University   
 United States 
  Bernd Fischer    
 Stellenbosch University   
 South Africa 
  Jeff Gray    
 University of Alabama 
  Ralf Lämmel    
 Universität Koblenz   
 Germany 
  Bruno C. d. S. Oliveira    
 University of Hong Kong   
 China 
  Richard Paige    
 McMaster University   
 Canada 
  David J. Pearce    
 ConsenSys   
 United States 
  João Saraiva    
 HASLab/INESC TEC, University of Minho   
 Portugal 
  Friedrich Steimann    
 Fernuniversität in Hagen   
 Germany 
  Emma Söderberg    
 Lund University   
 Sweden 
  Jurgen Vinju    
 CWI; Eindhoven University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Juan de Lara    
 Autonomous University of Madrid   
 Spain 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:26    

 using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    

 Sign Up

85. SEKE_3 conference:
Multiple Category Search!  
 Narrow down your search results by selecting more than one category (e.g. a specific type of "Degree" in a specific "Country")  
 Select KMedu opportunities by...   
       » …Availability  In-house KMedu  Public KMedu     
 » …Country  Afghanistan (AFG)  Algeria (DZ)  Angola (ANG)  Argentina (RA)  Armenia (AM)  Australia (AUS)  Austria (A)  Bahrain (BRN)  Bangladesh (BD)  Belarus (BY)  Belgium (B)  Belize (BZ)  Benin (DY)  Bolivia (BOL)  Bosnia and Herzegovina (BIH)  Botswana (RB)  Brazil (BR)  Brunei (BRU)  Bulgaria (BG)  Burkina Faso (BF)  Burundi (RU)  Cambodia (K)  Cameroon (CAM)  Canada (CDN)  Cape Verde (CV)  Chile (RCH)  China (CN)  Colombia (CO)  Congo. Democratic Republic (CGO)  Congo. Republic (RCB)  Costa Rica (CR)  Côte d’Ivoire (CI)  Croatia (HR)  Cuba (C)  Cyprus (CY)  Czech Republic (CZ)  Denmark (DK)  Djibouti (DJI)  Dominican Republic (DOM)  Ecuador (EC)  Egypt (ET)  El Salvador (ES)  Eritrea (ER)  Estonia (EST)  eSwatini (SD)  Ethiopia (ETH)  Faeroe Islands (FO)  Fiji (FJI)  Finland (FIN)  France (F)  Gambia (WAG)  Germany (D)  Ghana (GH)  Greece (GR)  Guatemala (GCA)  Guinea (RG)  Guinea-Bissau (GUB)  Honduras (HN)  Hong Kong (HK)  Hungary (H)  Iceland (IS)  India (IND)  Indonesia (RI)  Iran (IR)  Iraq (IRQ)  Ireland (IRL)  Israel (IL)  Italy (I)  Japan (J)  Jordan (HKJ)  Kazakhstan (KZ)  Kenya (EAK)  Korea, South (ROK)  Kuwait (KWT)  Kyrgyzstan (KS)  Laos (LAO)  Latvia (LV)  Lebanon (RL)  Lesotho (LS)  Liberia (LB)  Libya (LAR)  Lithuania (LT)  Luxembourg (L)  Macedonia (MK)  Madagascar (RM)  Malawi (MW)  Malaysia (MAL)  Mali (RMM)  Malta (M)  Mauritania (RIM)  Mauritius (MS)  Mexico (MEX)  Morocco (MA)  Mozambique (MOC)  Myanmar (MYA)  Namibia (NAM)  Nepal (NEP)  Netherlands (NL)  New Zealand (NZ)  Nicaragua (NIC)  Niger (RN)  Nigeria (NG)  Norway (N)  Oman (OM)  Pakistan (PK)  Panama (PA)  Paraguay (PY)  Peru (PE)  Philippines (RP)  Poland (PL)  Portugal (P)  Puerto Rico (PR)  Qatar (Q)  Romania (RO)  Russia (RUS)  Rwanda (RWA)  Saudi Arabia (SA)  Senegal (SN)  Seychelles (SY)  Sierra Leone (WAL)  Singapore (SGP)  Slovakia (SK)  Slovenia (SLO)  Somalia (SO)  South Africa (ZA)  Spain (E)  Sri Lanka (CL)  Sudan (SUD)  Sudan. South (SSD)  Sweden (S)  Switzerland (CH)  Taiwan (RC)  Tanzania (EAT)  Thailand (T)  Togo (TG)  Trinidad and Tobago (TT)  Tunisia (TN)  Turkey (TR)  Uganda (EAU)  Ukraine (UA)  United Arab Emirates (UAE)  United Kingdom (GB)  United States of America (USA)  Uruguay (ROU)  Uzbekistan (UZ)  Venezuela (YV)  Viet Nam (VN)  Zambia (Z)  Zimbabwe (ZW)     
 » …Degree  Non-degree KMedu  Training Providers: Certificates  Training Providers: Certifications  Universities: Bachelor degrees  Universities: Certifications  Universities: Diplomas & Certificates  Universities: Doctorate degrees  Universities: Master degrees     
 » …Delivery Format  Blended Learning KMedu  Face-to-face KMedu  Online KMedu  PC KMedu     
 » …Duration  1-… years  1-11 hours  1-11 months  1-3 weeks  1-6 days     
 » …Event Type  KM Conferences  KM Training Events  KMedu Award Ceremonies  KMedu Orientation Sessions  Online KM Events  University KMedu Events     
 » …Language  Arabic language  Bulgarian language  Chinese language  Croatian language  Danish language  Dutch language  English language  Filipino language  Finnish language  French language  German language  Hebrew language  Hungarian language  Indonesian language  Italian language  Japanese language  Korean language  Norwegian language  Persian language  Polish language  Portuguese language  Romanian language  Russian language  Slovak language  Spanish language  Swedish language  Thai language  Turkish language  Vietnamese language     
 » …Price Range (USD)  0 USD / 4Free  1-99 USD  100-999 USD  1000-9999 USD  more than 10000 USD  more than 25000 USD     
 » …Provider Type  Offers from Communities  Offers from Conference Providers  Offers from Job Providers  Offers from Training Providers  Offers from Universities/Colleges     
 » …Study Options  Full-Time  Part-Time     

 Search     
  Search     

  Close search     

 Skip to content      
   
 The Knowledge Management Education Hub  

 Providers | World Map (Overview) 
  African Providers 
  Asian Providers 
  European Providers 
  Latin American Providers 
  Northern American Providers 
  Oceanian Providers 
  eLearning Providers 
  Conferences | World Map (Overview) 
  African Conferences 
  Asian Conferences 
  European Conferences 
  Latin American Conferences 
  Northern American Conferences 
  Oceanian Conferences 
  Online Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  More… | Events 
  Jobs 
  Resources 
  Latest 
  About | The Hub 
  Community 
  Partner 
  Contact & Legal 
  Subscribe | Updates & News 
  GET LISTED! 
  » MY HUB « 

 Providers | World Map (Overview) 
  African Providers 
  Asian Providers 
  European Providers 
  Latin American Providers 
  Northern American Providers 
  Oceanian Providers 
  eLearning Providers 
  Conferences | World Map (Overview) 
  African Conferences 
  Asian Conferences 
  European Conferences 
  Latin American Conferences 
  Northern American Conferences 
  Oceanian Conferences 
  Online Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  More… | Events 
  Jobs 
  Resources 
  Latest 
  About | The Hub 
  Community 
  Partner 
  Contact & Legal 
  Subscribe | Updates & News 
  GET LISTED! 
  » MY HUB « 
  Multiple Category Search!  
 Narrow down your search results by selecting more than one category (e.g. a specific type of "Degree" in a specific "Country")  
 Select KMedu opportunities by...        » …Availability  In-house KMedu  Public KMedu    » …Country  Afghanistan (AFG)  Algeria (DZ)  Angola (ANG)  Argentina (RA)  Armenia (AM)  Australia (AUS)  Austria (A)  Bahrain (BRN)  Bangladesh (BD)  Belarus (BY)  Belgium (B)  Belize (BZ)  Benin (DY)  Bolivia (BOL)  Bosnia and Herzegovina (BIH)  Botswana (RB)  Brazil (BR)  Brunei (BRU)  Bulgaria (BG)  Burkina Faso (BF)  Burundi (RU)  Cambodia (K)  Cameroon (CAM)  Canada (CDN)  Cape Verde (CV)  Chile (RCH)  China (CN)  Colombia (CO)  Congo. Democratic Republic (CGO)  Congo. Republic (RCB)  Costa Rica (CR)  Côte d’Ivoire (CI)  Croatia (HR)  Cuba (C)  Cyprus (CY)  Czech Republic (CZ)  Denmark (DK)  Djibouti (DJI)  Dominican Republic (DOM)  Ecuador (EC)  Egypt (ET)  El Salvador (ES)  Eritrea (ER)  Estonia (EST)  eSwatini (SD)  Ethiopia (ETH)  Faeroe Islands (FO)  Fiji (FJI)  Finland (FIN)  France (F)  Gambia (WAG)  Germany (D)  Ghana (GH)  Greece (GR)  Guatemala (GCA)  Guinea (RG)  Guinea-Bissau (GUB)  Honduras (HN)  Hong Kong (HK)  Hungary (H)  Iceland (IS)  India (IND)  Indonesia (RI)  Iran (IR)  Iraq (IRQ)  Ireland (IRL)  Israel (IL)  Italy (I)  Japan (J)  Jordan (HKJ)  Kazakhstan (KZ)  Kenya (EAK)  Korea, South (ROK)  Kuwait (KWT)  Kyrgyzstan (KS)  Laos (LAO)  Latvia (LV)  Lebanon (RL)  Lesotho (LS)  Liberia (LB)  Libya (LAR)  Lithuania (LT)  Luxembourg (L)  Macedonia (MK)  Madagascar (RM)  Malawi (MW)  Malaysia (MAL)  Mali (RMM)  Malta (M)  Mauritania (RIM)  Mauritius (MS)  Mexico (MEX)  Morocco (MA)  Mozambique (MOC)  Myanmar (MYA)  Namibia (NAM)  Nepal (NEP)  Netherlands (NL)  New Zealand (NZ)  Nicaragua (NIC)  Niger (RN)  Nigeria (NG)  Norway (N)  Oman (OM)  Pakistan (PK)  Panama (PA)  Paraguay (PY)  Peru (PE)  Philippines (RP)  Poland (PL)  Portugal (P)  Puerto Rico (PR)  Qatar (Q)  Romania (RO)  Russia (RUS)  Rwanda (RWA)  Saudi Arabia (SA)  Senegal (SN)  Seychelles (SY)  Sierra Leone (WAL)  Singapore (SGP)  Slovakia (SK)  Slovenia (SLO)  Somalia (SO)  South Africa (ZA)  Spain (E)  Sri Lanka (CL)  Sudan (SUD)  Sudan. South (SSD)  Sweden (S)  Switzerland (CH)  Taiwan (RC)  Tanzania (EAT)  Thailand (T)  Togo (TG)  Trinidad and Tobago (TT)  Tunisia (TN)  Turkey (TR)  Uganda (EAU)  Ukraine (UA)  United Arab Emirates (UAE)  United Kingdom (GB)  United States of America (USA)  Uruguay (ROU)  Uzbekistan (UZ)  Venezuela (YV)  Viet Nam (VN)  Zambia (Z)  Zimbabwe (ZW)    » …Degree  Non-degree KMedu  Training Providers: Certificates  Training Providers: Certifications  Universities: Bachelor degrees  Universities: Certifications  Universities: Diplomas & Certificates  Universities: Doctorate degrees  Universities: Master degrees    » …Delivery Format  Blended Learning KMedu  Face-to-face KMedu  Online KMedu  PC KMedu    » …Duration  1-… years  1-11 hours  1-11 months  1-3 weeks  1-6 days    » …Event Type  KM Conferences  KM Training Events  KMedu Award Ceremonies  KMedu Orientation Sessions  Online KM Events  University KMedu Events    » …Language  Arabic language  Bulgarian language  Chinese language  Croatian language  Danish language  Dutch language  English language  Filipino language  Finnish language  French language  German language  Hebrew language  Hungarian language  Indonesian language  Italian language  Japanese language  Korean language  Norwegian language  Persian language  Polish language  Portuguese language  Romanian language  Russian language  Slovak language  Spanish language  Swedish language  Thai language  Turkish language  Vietnamese language    » …Price Range (USD)  0 USD / 4Free  1-99 USD  100-999 USD  1000-9999 USD  more than 10000 USD  more than 25000 USD    » …Provider Type  Offers from Communities  Offers from Conference Providers  Offers from Job Providers  Offers from Training Providers  Offers from Universities/Colleges    » …Study Options  Full-Time  Part-Time | Search     Search 

 International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering (SEKE)*  
 Sep 29, 2025 - Sep 30, 2025, Pompeii, Italy / Virtual venue   
 Conference Page '24  Read On!   Favorite     

 KMers, Contribute!!!   
   Call for Participation: Peace!   
 Posted: February 28, 2022   
 “Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts; differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge; and through humane ways.” – Dalai Lama XIV  
   
 6 comments    

 International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering (SEKE)*  
 Sep 29, 2025 - Sep 30, 2025  Pompeii, Italy / Virtual venue  Est. 1989  Leave a comment      

 This is no official page!   
  
  No warranty for correctness & completeness!   
  This site will be updated with no ads and linked to its KMedu opportunities  
  as soon as the provider subscribes  to this service!  
  (sample pages: training  , university  , community  , conference  )  
 Monthly Featured   

 The International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering (SEKE)  , founded and organized by the US-based Knowledge Systems Institute (KSI), aims at bringing together experts in software engineering and knowledge engineering to discuss on relevant results in either software engineering or knowledge engineering or both. Special emphasis will be put on the transference of methods between both domains.  
 Conference History:  
 37th SEKE 2025, September 29-30, 2025, Pompeii, Italy / Virtual venue  
 Note: live: September 29-30, 2025; virtual: TBD, 2025   
  
 Conference program TBD  
  
 36th SEKE 2024, October 26 – November 3, 2024, San Francisco, USA / Virtual venue  
 Note: live: October 26-28, 2024; virtual: October 29 – November 3, 2024; The live conference was originally planned to happen in Amalfi, Italy   
  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Learning; Data modeling and analytics; Prediction and Recommendation; Advanced Learning  
 Co-located Conferences:  
  International DMS Conference on Visualization and Visual Languages (DMSVIVA)  
  
 35th SEKE 2023, July 1-10, 2023, San Francisco Bay, USA / Virtual venue  
 Note: Live conference from July 1 to July 3, 2023; Virtual conference from July 5 to July 10, 2023   
  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Engineering; Data Mining and Analytics; Machine Learning and Deep Learning Applications  
 Co-located Conferences:  
  International DMS Conference on Visualization and Visual Languages (DMSVIVA)  
  
 34th SEKE 2022, July 1-10, 2022, KSIR Virtual Conference Center, Pittsburgh, USA (Virtual venue)  
 Conference Sessions:  
  SEKE and Education (panel); Distributed Systems and Machine Learning; Agile Development Practices for Big Data Analytics (special session); Knowledge Engineering; Natural Language Processing; Data Modeling, Mining and Analysis; Social Network and Recommendation Systems  
 33th SEKE 2021, July 1-10, 2021, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  Virtual venue  
 Conference Theme: Celebrating the Humanities  
 Note: The conference was originally scheduled for July 1-3, 2021   
  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Recommendation and Classification; Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering Education (special session); Knowledge and Ontology; Machine Learning; Natural Language and Text Processing and Data Mining; Big Data in Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering (special session CANCELLED)  
  
 32nd SEKE 2020, July 9-19, 2020, Wyndham Pittsburgh University, Pittsburgh, USA  Virtual venue  
 Conference Theme: Celebrating the Humanities  
 : Note: The conference was originally scheduled for July 9-11, 2020, with the theme “Big Data and Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering”   
  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Ontologies and Knowledge Graphs; Distributed Systems and Machine Learning; Social Media Mining; Recommender Systems  
  
 31st SEKE 2019, June 28-30, 2019, Lisbon, Portugal  
 Conference Theme: ?  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Graphs; Semantic Enabled Software Engineering; Machine Learning Algorithms for Software Engineering; Deep Learning/AI; Information Systems; Ontologies  
 30th SEKE, July 1-3, 2018, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Theme: Soft computing in software engineering & knowledge engineering  
 Note: The conference was announced for July 5-7, 2018, Knowledge Systems Institute, Skokie, IL, USA   
  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Semantic Enabled Software Engineering; Information Extraction; Big Data Research and Development in Knowledge Engineering (special session; CANCELLED?)  
 Discussion Panels:  
  Future Research Directions of Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering  
 Open Forum:  
  Do we have a new “bag of tricks” for professional software/knowledge Engineers? (certification of professional software/knowledge engineers)  
  
 29th SEKE 2017, July 5-7, 2017, Wyndham Pittsburgh University, Pittsburgh, USA  
 Conference Theme: Big data and software engineering & knowledge engineering  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Mining; Ontology; Data Analysis; Big Data Research and Development in Knowledge Engineering (workshop)  
 28th SEKE 2016, July 1-3, 2016, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Theme: Big data and software engineering & knowledge engineering  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Big Data Analysis; Learning and Education; AI and Knowledge Engineering; Data Analysis and Systems; Semantic Web and SOA; Transportation System Research and Development in Knowledge Engineering (special session); Big Data Research and Development in Knowledge Engineering (workshop)  
 27th SEKE 2015, July 6-8, 2015, Wyndham Pittsburgh University, Pittsburgh, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Management; Data mining for Knowledge Engineering; Database and Information Systems; Social Networks; Software and Knowledge Visualization; Data Mining for Software Engineering; Semantic Web; User Experience and Organizational Learning; Web Applications and Ontological Engineering  
 Discussion Panels:  
  Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering vs. Big Data  
  
 26th SEKE 2014, July 1-3, 2014, Vancouver, Canada  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Management in Software Engineering (KMISE); Machine Learning and Prediction; Database Usage and Refactoring; Social Networks and Ontology-based Search; Software Knowledge and Information Representation; Ontology and Knowledge Discovery; Ontology and Database Access Control  
 Panels: The Future of Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering  
  
 25th SEKE 2013, June 27-29, 2013, Boston, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data and Knowledge Visualization; Web and Data Mining; Web-based Knowledge Management; Knowledge Management in Software Engineering; Semantic Analysis; Agents and Ontologies  
 24th SEKE 2012, July 1-3, 2012, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Mining; Software Engineering with Comp. Intelligence & Machine Learning (special session); Agent-based Learning; Ontologies and Architecture; Semantic Web; Knowledge Acquisition and Visualization  
 23rd SEKE 2011, July 7-9, 2011, Miami Beach, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Software Engineering with Comp. Intelligence & Machine Learning; Knowledge Engineering Tools and Techniques; Semantic Web Technologies; Knowledge Acquisition; Knowledge Representation and Visualization; Web and Data Mining; Ontologies and Methodologies  
 22nd SEKE 2010, July 1-3, 2010, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Theme: Smarter software engineering  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Machine Learning with Value-Based Software Engineering; Interoperability and Semantic Web Technologies; Knowledge Engineering; Ontologies and Slow Intelligence Methodology; Social Networks and Web Mining; Knowledge Engineering Systems  
 21st SEKE 2009, July 1-3, 2009, Boston, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Mining and Features; Software Engineering with Computational Intelligence and Machine Learning; Interoperability and Semantic Web Technologies; Ontologies and their Applications  
 20th SEKE 2008, July 1-3, 2008, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Software Engineering with Computational Intelligence and Machine Learning; Data Mining; Knowledge Engineering; Ontologies  
 19th SEKE 2007, July 9-11, 2007, Boston, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Engineering, Natural Language Processing, and AI; Database Retrieval Methods; Data; Data Warehouse; Data Mining and Machine Learning  
 Workshops: Knowledge Modelling using UML  
  
 18th SEKE 2006, July 5-7, 2006, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Mining; Ontologies; Knowledge Acquisition  
 17th SEKE 2005, July 14-16, 2005, Taipei, Taiwan  
 Keynotes:  
  A Chronobot for Time and Knowledge Exchange and Management  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Chronobot for Time and Knowledge Management; Ontologies for Software Engineering; Data and Knowledge Base; Data and Text Mining  
  
 16th SEKE 2004, June 22-24, 2004, University of Calgary, Banff, Canada  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Jun 20-21):  
  Canadian Agile Network workshop; Knowledge-Oriented Maintenance; Learning Software Organizations (LOS); Ontology In Action  
 Conference Sessions:  
  n.a.  
  
 15th SEKE 2003, July 1-3, 2003, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Mining Approach to SE and KE; Software and Knowledge Reuse; Knowledge Retrieval and Management; Knowledge Acquisition; Data Mining for SE and KE  
 14th SEKE 2002, July 15-19, 2002, Ischia, Italy  
 Keynotes:  
  On the many ways software engineering can benefit from knowledge engineering; Knowledge discovery in very large databases  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge engineering tools and techniques; Knowledge representation and retrieval; Computer-supported cooperative work  
  
 13th SEKE 2001, June 13-15, 2001, Buenos Aires, Argentina  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Jun 12):  
  Workshop on Individual and Organizational Learning for Software Improvement  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Ontologies; Learning Organizations; Data Mining  
  
 12th SEKE 2000, July 6-8, 2000, Chicago, USA  
 Keynotes:  
  Knowledge and Software Engineering in the Global Information Society  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Engineering; Knowledge Engineering  
  
 11th SEKE 1999, June 16-19, 1999, Kaiserslautern, Germany  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Jun 16):  
  Workshop on Learning Software Organizations (LOS)  
 Pre-conference Tutorials (Jun 16):  
  Knowledge Maintenance: The State of the Art  
 Conference Sessions:  
  n.a.  
  
 10th SEKE 1998, June 18-20, 1998, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Pre-conference Tutorials (Jun 17):  
  Knowledge Engineering under Uncertainty  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Engineering; Knowledge Management  
 Discussion Panels:  
  Knowledge Engineering Today for Large Scale Systems: Are we doing the right thing?; Knowledge Management in Empirical Software Engineering  
  
 9th SEKE 1997, June 18-20, 1997, Madrid, Spain  
 Pre-conference Tutorials (Jun 17):  
  Software Engineering for Knowledge Engineering Environments and Knowledge Sharing  
 Keynotes:  
  Epistemological Approach to Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Mining  
  
 8th SEKE 1996, June 10-12, 1996, Lake Tahoe, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data Mining; Knowledge Engineering in Software Engineering  
 7th SEKE 1995, June 22-24, 1995, Rockville (Washington DC area), USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Acquisition and Representation; Advances in Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering; Advances in Knowledge Systems; Advances in Information Systems; Knowledge Systems  
 6th SEKE 1994, June 21-23, 1994, Jurmala, Riga, Latvia  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Data base and knowledge base methods; Advances in Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering  
 5th SEKE 1993, June 16-18, 1993, Redwood City (San Francisco Bay), USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge-Based Query Processing; Advances in Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering; Knowledge-Level V&V; Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering Process Issues  
 Discussion Panels:  
  Knowledge Engineering in Concurrent Engineering and Experience Factories; Knowledge-Based Support for Reverse Engineering; Future Directions of the Knowledge-Based Software Assistant (KBSA) Program  
  
 4th SEKE 1992, June, 15-20 1992, Capri, Italy  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge Engineering for Software Engineering; Knowledge Representation Systems; Tools for Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering; Expert Systems; Languages for Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering  
 3rd SEKE 1991, June 27-29, 1991, Knowledge Systems Institute, Skokie, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  n.a.  
 2nd SEKE 1990, June 21-23, 1990, Knowledge Systems Institute, Skokie, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge-based Systems; Logic Programming and Knowledge Representation  
 1st SEKE 1989, June 15-16, 1989, Knowledge Systems Institute, Skokie, USA  
 Conference Sessions:  
  Knowledge-Based Software Design and Testing; Software Knowledge Acquisition  
  Favorite    
  
 Italy (I)  , KM Conferences   2009: International Workshop on Learning Software Organizations (LSO)**  , knowledge engineering  , knowledge system  , Knowledge Systems Institute (KSI)  , software engineering   Conferences | Africa 
  Asia 
  Europe 
  L-America 
  N-America 
  Oceania 
  Online 

 Home  » Opportunities  » Events     

 Leave a Reply Cancel reply    
 Your email address will not be published.  Required fields are marked *    
 Comment *      
 Name *     
 Email *     
 Website    
  By using this form and subscribing to comments you agree with the storage and handling of your data by the KMedu Hub. (see Data Privacy Policy  > 'User posts, comments, and ratings' & 'Follow-up comments') *    

 Popular 
  Recent 
  International Conference on Knowledge, Culture and Change in Organisations*  February 5, 2016  July 1, 2024 
  Call for Participation: Peace!  February 28, 2022  April 14, 2024 
  International Conference on Organizational Learning, Knowledge and Capabilities (OLKC)**  February 5, 2016  November 4, 2024 
  Strategic Management Society Conference (SMS Conference)*  February 17, 2016  October 16, 2024 
  Skills for Knowledge Managers?  May 18, 2015  December 20, 2019 
    
 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Knowledge Processing (AIKP)*  November 26, 2024  November 26, 2024 
  University Knowledge Management Education in South Africa  November 19, 2024 
  Wissenstransfer  November 13, 2024  November 13, 2024 
  Knowledge management librarians @ International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM)  November 12, 2024 
  Knowledge & Information Management, Research & Analysis (KIMRA)*  November 6, 2024 

 Community  

 Multimedia  
 YouTube | (Video) 
  vimeo | (Video) 

 Sponsors & Coops  
 jaegerWM - KM & Social Media consulting 
  Become a Sponsor/Cooperation Partner » 

 Legend:  * Provider does no longer offer any KMedu / This is a recurring conference; ** This recurring conference / KMedu offer is discontinued   
   
 Multiple Category Search!  
 Narrow down your search results by selecting more than one category (e.g. a specific type of "Degree" in a specific "Country")  
 Select KMedu opportunities by...   
       » …Availability  In-house KMedu  Public KMedu     
 » …Country  Afghanistan (AFG)  Algeria (DZ)  Angola (ANG)  Argentina (RA)  Armenia (AM)  Australia (AUS)  Austria (A)  Bahrain (BRN)  Bangladesh (BD)  Belarus (BY)  Belgium (B)  Belize (BZ)  Benin (DY)  Bolivia (BOL)  Bosnia and Herzegovina (BIH)  Botswana (RB)  Brazil (BR)  Brunei (BRU)  Bulgaria (BG)  Burkina Faso (BF)  Burundi (RU)  Cambodia (K)  Cameroon (CAM)  Canada (CDN)  Cape Verde (CV)  Chile (RCH)  China (CN)  Colombia (CO)  Congo. Democratic Republic (CGO)  Congo. Republic (RCB)  Costa Rica (CR)  Côte d’Ivoire (CI)  Croatia (HR)  Cuba (C)  Cyprus (CY)  Czech Republic (CZ)  Denmark (DK)  Djibouti (DJI)  Dominican Republic (DOM)  Ecuador (EC)  Egypt (ET)  El Salvador (ES)  Eritrea (ER)  Estonia (EST)  eSwatini (SD)  Ethiopia (ETH)  Faeroe Islands (FO)  Fiji (FJI)  Finland (FIN)  France (F)  Gambia (WAG)  Germany (D)  Ghana (GH)  Greece (GR)  Guatemala (GCA)  Guinea (RG)  Guinea-Bissau (GUB)  Honduras (HN)  Hong Kong (HK)  Hungary (H)  Iceland (IS)  India (IND)  Indonesia (RI)  Iran (IR)  Iraq (IRQ)  Ireland (IRL)  Israel (IL)  Italy (I)  Japan (J)  Jordan (HKJ)  Kazakhstan (KZ)  Kenya (EAK)  Korea, South (ROK)  Kuwait (KWT)  Kyrgyzstan (KS)  Laos (LAO)  Latvia (LV)  Lebanon (RL)  Lesotho (LS)  Liberia (LB)  Libya (LAR)  Lithuania (LT)  Luxembourg (L)  Macedonia (MK)  Madagascar (RM)  Malawi (MW)  Malaysia (MAL)  Mali (RMM)  Malta (M)  Mauritania (RIM)  Mauritius (MS)  Mexico (MEX)  Morocco (MA)  Mozambique (MOC)  Myanmar (MYA)  Namibia (NAM)  Nepal (NEP)  Netherlands (NL)  New Zealand (NZ)  Nicaragua (NIC)  Niger (RN)  Nigeria (NG)  Norway (N)  Oman (OM)  Pakistan (PK)  Panama (PA)  Paraguay (PY)  Peru (PE)  Philippines (RP)  Poland (PL)  Portugal (P)  Puerto Rico (PR)  Qatar (Q)  Romania (RO)  Russia (RUS)  Rwanda (RWA)  Saudi Arabia (SA)  Senegal (SN)  Seychelles (SY)  Sierra Leone (WAL)  Singapore (SGP)  Slovakia (SK)  Slovenia (SLO)  Somalia (SO)  South Africa (ZA)  Spain (E)  Sri Lanka (CL)  Sudan (SUD)  Sudan. South (SSD)  Sweden (S)  Switzerland (CH)  Taiwan (RC)  Tanzania (EAT)  Thailand (T)  Togo (TG)  Trinidad and Tobago (TT)  Tunisia (TN)  Turkey (TR)  Uganda (EAU)  Ukraine (UA)  United Arab Emirates (UAE)  United Kingdom (GB)  United States of America (USA)  Uruguay (ROU)  Uzbekistan (UZ)  Venezuela (YV)  Viet Nam (VN)  Zambia (Z)  Zimbabwe (ZW)     
 » …Degree  Non-degree KMedu  Training Providers: Certificates  Training Providers: Certifications  Universities: Bachelor degrees  Universities: Certifications  Universities: Diplomas & Certificates  Universities: Doctorate degrees  Universities: Master degrees     
 » …Delivery Format  Blended Learning KMedu  Face-to-face KMedu  Online KMedu  PC KMedu     
 » …Duration  1-… years  1-11 hours  1-11 months  1-3 weeks  1-6 days     
 » …Event Type  KM Conferences  KM Training Events  KMedu Award Ceremonies  KMedu Orientation Sessions  Online KM Events  University KMedu Events     
 » …Language  Arabic language  Bulgarian language  Chinese language  Croatian language  Danish language  Dutch language  English language  Filipino language  Finnish language  French language  German language  Hebrew language  Hungarian language  Indonesian language  Italian language  Japanese language  Korean language  Norwegian language  Persian language  Polish language  Portuguese language  Romanian language  Russian language  Slovak language  Spanish language  Swedish language  Thai language  Turkish language  Vietnamese language     
 » …Price Range (USD)  0 USD / 4Free  1-99 USD  100-999 USD  1000-9999 USD  more than 10000 USD  more than 25000 USD     
 » …Provider Type  Offers from Communities  Offers from Conference Providers  Offers from Job Providers  Offers from Training Providers  Offers from Universities/Colleges     
 » …Study Options  Full-Time  Part-Time     

 Search     
  Search     

 KMedu Hub's Top 10  
 Teaching Knowledge Management in postgraduate LIS education at Edith Cowan University 
  Francisco (Spain) about the Knowledge Management MSc at Cranfield University 
  Knowledge Management Education Forum (KMEF)* 
  SIKM Leaders Community 
  Gurteen Knowledge 
  Information and knowledge management research of post-graduates in South African LIS schools 
  Knowledge Management Modules: An Analysis of Coursework 
  Knowledge Management Education Forum (KMEF) – SMR International Special Report 
  London Knowledge & Innovation Network (LKIN)* 
  Panel: Schools which teach knowledge management 
    
  KMedu Hub's Modified Content  
 Gesellschaft für Wissensmanagement (GfWM) 
  Congreso Internacional de Innovación y Gestión del Conocimiento (ciKi)* 
  Australasian Conference on Information Systems (ACIS)* 
  International Society for Professional Innovation Management Connects (ISPIM Connects)* 
  Knowledge Management Russia (KM Russia)* 
  Knowledge Manager as Supply Chain Manager for Knowledge 
  Enterprise Digital Workplace Summit** 
  Digital Work Forum* 
  International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) 
  International Conference on the Principles of Knowledge Representation & Reasoning (KR)* 

 Site Notice  | Privacy  | Disclaimer     

  Scroll to top   © jaegerWM  - Knowledge Management & Social Media   
 Updates 
  Advertise 
  MyHub 
  About

86. SQM_0 conference:


87. SNPD_2 conference:
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator.  
   
  Your support ID is: < 8203162004120591222>  
   
  [Go Back]

88. SLE_2 conference:
SLE 2023: Proceedings of the 16th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering  
  Full Citation in the ACM Digital Library    
 SESSION: Papers  
 Exceptions all Over the Shop: Modular, Customizable, Language-Independent Exception Handling Layer   
 Walter Cazzola 
  Luca Favalli 
  The introduction of better abstractions is at the forefront of research and practice. Among many approaches, domain-specific languages are subject to an increase in popularity due to the need for easier, faster and more reliable application development that involves programmers and domain experts alike. To smooth the adoption of such a language-driven development process, researchers must create new engineering techniques for the development of programming languages and their ecosystems. Traditionally, programming languages are implemented from scratch and in a monolithic way. Conversely, modular and reusable language development solutions would improve maintainability, reusability and extensibility. Many programming languages share similarities that can be leveraged to reuse the same language feature implementations across several programming languages; recent language workbenches strive to achieve this goal by solving the language composition and language extension problems. Yet, some features are inherently complex and affect the behavior of several language features. Most notably, the exception handling mechanism involves varied aspects, such as the memory layout, variables, their scope, up to the execution of each statement that may cause an exceptional event— e.g.  , a division by zero. In this paper, we propose an approach to untangle the exception handling mechanism dubbed the exception handling layer  : its components are modular and fully independent from one another, as well as from other language features. The exception handling layer is language-independent, customizable with regards to the memory layout and supports unconventional exception handling language features. To avoid any assumptions with regards to the host language, the exception handling layer is a stand-alone framework, decoupled from the exception handling mechanism offered by the back-end. Then, we present a full-fledged, generic Java implementation of the exception handling layer. The applicability of this approach is presented through a language evolution scenario based on a Neverlang implementation of JavaScript and LogLang, that we extend with conventional and unconventional exception handling language features using the exception handling layer, with limited impact on their original implementation.  

 An Executable Semantics for Faster Development of Optimizing Python Compilers   
 Olivier Melançon 
  Marc Feeley 
  Manuel Serrano 
  Python is a popular programming language whose performance is known to be uncompetitive in comparison to static languages such as C. Although significant efforts have already accelerated implementations of the language, more efficient ones are still required. The development of such optimized implementations is nevertheless hampered by its complex semantics and the lack of an official formal semantics. We address this issue by presenting an approach to define an executable semantics targeting the development of optimizing compilers. This executable semantics is written in a format that highlights type checks, primitive values boxing and unboxing, and function calls, which are all known sources of overhead. We also present semPy, a partial evaluator of our executable semantics that can be used to remove redundant operations when evaluating arithmetic operators. Finally, we present Zipi, a Python optimizing compiler prototype developed with the aid of semPy. On some tasks, Zipi displays performance competitive with that of state-of-the-art Python implementations.  

 Adaptive Structural Operational Semantics   
 Gwendal Jouneaux 
  Damian Frölich 
  Olivier Barais 
  Benoit Combemale 
  Gurvan Le Guernic 
  Gunter Mussbacher 
  L. Thomas van Binsbergen 
  Software systems evolve more and more in complex and changing environments, often requiring runtime adaptation to best deliver their services. When self-adaptation is the main concern of the system, a manual implementation of the underlying feedback loop and trade-off analysis may be desirable. However, the required expertise and substantial development effort make such implementations prohibitively difficult when it is only a secondary concern for the given domain. In this paper, we present ASOS, a metalanguage abstracting the runtime adaptation concern of a given domain in the behavioral semantics of a domain-specific language (DSL), freeing the language user from implementing it from scratch for each system in the domain. We demonstrate our approach on RobLANG, a procedural DSL for robotics, where we abstract a recurrent energy-saving behavior depending on the context. We provide formal semantics for ASOS and pave the way for checking properties such as determinism, completeness, and termination of the resulting self-adaptable language. We provide first results on the performance of our approach compared to a manual implementation of this self-adaptable behavior. We demonstrate, for RobLANG, that our approach provides suitable abstractions for specifying sound adaptive operational semantics while being more efficient.  

 A Reference GLL Implementation   
 Adrian Johnstone 
  The Generalised-LL (GLL) context-free parsing algorithm was introduced at the 2009 LDTA workshop, and since then a series of variant algorithms and implementations have been described. There is a wide variety of optimisations that may be applied to GLL, some of which were already present in the originally published form.  
 This paper presents a reference GLL implementation shorn of all optimisations as a common baseline for the real-world comparison of performance across GLL variants. This baseline version has particular value for non-specialists, since its simple form may be straightforwardly encoded in the implementer's preferred programming language.  
 We also describe our approach to low level memory management of GLL internal data structures. Our evaluation on large inputs shows a factor 3--4 speedup over a naïve implementation using the standard Java APIs and a factor 4--5 reduction in heap requirements. We conclude with notes on some algorithm-level optimisations that may be applied independently of the internal data representation.  

 Sharing Trees and Contextual Information: Re-imagining Forwarding in Attribute Grammars   
 Lucas Kramer 
  Eric Van Wyk 
  It is not uncommon to design a programming language as a core language with additional features that define some semantic analyses, but delegate others to their translation to the core. Many analyses require contextual information, such as a typing environment. When this is the same for a term under a new feature and under that feature's core translation, then the term (and computations over it) can be shared, with context provided by the translation. This avoids redundant, and sometimes exponential computations. This paper brings sharing of terms and specification of context to forwarding, a language extensibility mechanism in attribute grammars. Here context is defined by equations for inherited attributes that provide (the same) values to shared trees. Applying these techniques to the ableC extensible C compiler replaced around 80% of the cases in which tree sharing was achieved by a crude mechanism that prevented sharing context specifications and limited language extensibility. It also replaced all cases in which this mechanism was used to avoid exponential computations and allowed the removal of many, now unneeded, inherited attribute equations.  

 Nanopass Attribute Grammars   
 Nathan Ringo 
  Lucas Kramer 
  Eric Van Wyk 
  Compilers for feature-rich languages are complex; they perform many analyses and optimizations, and often lower complex language constructs into simpler ones. The nanopass compiler architecture manages this complexity by specifying the compiler as a sequence of many small transformations, over slightly different, but clearly defined, versions of the language that each perform a single straightforward action. This avoids errors that arise from attempting to solve multiple problems at once and allows for testing at each step.  
 Attribute grammars are ill-suited for this architecture, primarily because they cannot identify the many versions of the language in a non-repetitive and type-safe way. We present a formulation of attribute grammars that addresses these concerns, called nanopass attribute grammars, that (i) identifies a collection of all language constructs and analyses (attributes), (ii) concisely constructs specific (sub) languages from this set and transformations between them, and (iii) specifies compositions of transformations to form nanopass compilers. The collection of all features can be statically typed and individual languages can be checked for well-definedness and circularity. We evaluate the approach by implementing a significant subset of the Go programming language in a prototype nanopass attribute grammar system.  

 Automated Extraction of Grammar Optimization Rule Configurations for Metamodel-Grammar Co-evolution   
 Weixing Zhang 
  Regina Hebig 
  Daniel Strüber 
  Jan-Philipp Steghöfer 
  When a language evolves, meta-models and associated gram- mars need to be co-evolved to stay mutually consistent. Previous work has supported the automated migration of a grammar after changes of the meta-model to retain manual optimizations of the grammar, related to syntax aspects such as keywords, brackets, and component order. Yet, doing so required the manual specification of optimization rule con- figurations, which was laborious and error-prone. In this work, to significantly reduce the manual effort during meta-model and grammar co-evolution, we present an automated approach for extracting optimization rule configurations. The inferred configurations can be used to automatically replay optimizations on later versions of the grammar, thus leading to a fully automated migration process for the supported types of changes. We evaluated our approach on six real cases. Full automation was possible for three of them, with agreement rates between ground truth and inferred grammar between 88% and 67% for the remaining ones.  

 Reuse and Automated Integration of Recommenders for Modelling Languages   
 Lissette Almonte 
  Antonio Garmendia 
  Esther Guerra 
  Juan de Lara 
  Many recommenders for modelling tasks have recently appeared. They use a variety of recommendation methods,tailored to concrete modelling languages. Typically, recommenders are created as independent programs, and subsequently need to be integrated within a modelling tool, incurring in high development effort. Moreover, it is currently not possible to reuse a recommender created for a modelling language with a different notation, even if they are similar. To attack these problems, we propose a methodology to reuse and integrate recommenders into modelling tools. It considers four orthogonal dimensions: the target modelling language, the tool, the recommendation source, and the recommended items. To make homogeneous the access to arbitrary recommenders, we propose a reference recommendation service that enables indexing recommenders, investigating their properties, and obtaining recommendations likely coming from several sources. Our methodology is supported by IronMan, an Eclipse plugin that automates the integration of recommenders within Sirius and tree-based editors, and can bridge recommenders created for a modelling language for their reuse with a different one. We evaluate the power of the tool by reusing 2 recommenders for 4 different languages, and integrating them into 6 modelling tools.  

 GPT-3-Powered Type Error Debugging: Investigating the Use of Large Language Models for Code Repair   
 Francisco Ribeiro 
  José Nuno Castro de Macedo 
  Kanae Tsushima 
  Rui Abreu 
  João Saraiva 
  Type systems are responsible for assigning types to terms in programs. That way, they enforce the actions that can be taken and can, consequently, detect type errors during compilation. However, while they are able to flag the existence of an error, they often fail to pinpoint its cause or provide a helpful error message. Thus, without adequate support, debugging this kind of errors can take a considerable amount of effort. Recently, neural network models have been developed that are able to understand programming languages and perform several downstream tasks. We argue that type error debugging can be enhanced by taking advantage of this deeper understanding of the language’s structure. In this paper, we present a technique that leverages GPT-3’s capabilities to automatically fix type errors in OCaml  programs. We perform multiple source code analysis tasks to produce useful prompts that are then provided to GPT-3 to generate potential patches. Our publicly available tool, Mentat, supports multiple modes and was validated on an existing public dataset with thousands of OCaml  programs. We automatically validate successful repairs by using Quickcheck  to verify which generated patches produce the same output as the user-intended fixed version, achieving a 39% repair rate. In a comparative study, Mentat outperformed two other techniques in automatically fixing ill-typed OCaml  programs.  

 Temporal Breakpoints for Multiverse Debugging   
 Matthias Pasquier 
  Ciprian Teodorov 
  Frédéric Jouault 
  Matthias Brun 
  Luka Le Roux 
  Loïc Lagadec 
  Multiverse debugging extends classical and omniscient debugging to allow the exhaustive exploration of non-deterministic and concurrent systems during debug sessions. The introduction of user-defined reductions significantly improves the scalability of the approach. However, the literature fails to recognize the importance of using more expressive logics, besides local-state predicates, to express breakpoints. In this article, we address this problem by introducing temporal breakpoints for multiverse debugging. Temporal breakpoints greatly enhance the expressivity of conditional breakpoints, allowing users to reason about the past and future of computations in the multiverse. Moreover, we show that it is relatively straightforward to extend a language-agnostic multiverse debugger semantics with temporal breakpoints, while preserving its generality. To show the elegance and practicability of our approach, we have implemented a multiverse debugger for the AnimUML modeling environment that supports 3 different temporal breakpoint formalisms: regular-expressions, statecharts, and statechart-based Büchi automata.  

 Cross-Level Debugging for Static Analysers   
 Mats Van Molle 
  Bram Vandenbogaerde 
  Coen De Roover 
  Static analyses provide the foundation for several tools that help developers find problems before executing the program under analysis. Common applications include warning about unused code, deprecated API calls, or about potential security vulnerabilities within an IDE. A static analysis distinguishes itself from a dynamic analysis in that it is supposed to terminate even if the program under analysis does not. In many cases it is also desired for the analysis to be sound  , meaning that its answers account for all possible program behavior. Unfortunately, analysis developers may make mistakes that violate these properties resulting in hard-to-find bugs in the analysis code itself. Finding these bugs can be a difficult task, especially since analysis developers have to reason about two separate code-bases: the analyzed code and the analysis implementation. The former is usually where the bug manifests itself, while the latter contains the faulty implementation. A recent survey has found that analysis developers prefer to reason about the analyzed program, indicating that debugging would be easier if debugging features such as (conditional) breakpoints and stepping were also available in the analyzed program. In this paper, we therefore propose cross-level  debugging for static analysis. This novel technique moves debugging features such as stepping and breakpoints to the base-layer (i.e., analyzed program), while still making interactions with the meta-layer (i.e., analysis implementation) possible. To this end, we introduce novel conditional breakpoints that express conditions, which we call meta-predicates  , about the current analysis’ state. We integrated this debugging technique in a framework for implementing modular abstract interpretation-based static analyses called MAF. Through a detailed case study on 4 real-world bugs taken from the repository of MAF, we demonstrate how cross-level debugging helps analysis developers in locating and solving bugs.  

 Cascade: A Meta-language for Change, Cause and Effect   
 Riemer van Rozen 
  Live programming brings code to life with immediate and continuous feedback. To enjoy its benefits, programmers need powerful languages and live programming environments for understanding the effects of code modifications on running programs. Unfortunately, the enabling technology that powers these languages, is missing. Change, a crucial enabler for explorative coding, omniscient debugging and version control, is a potential solution. We aim to deliver generic solutions for creating these languages, in particular Domain-Specific Languages (DSLs). We present Cascade, a meta-language for expressing DSLs with interface- and feedback-mechanisms that drive live programming. We demonstrate run-time migrations, ripple effects and live desugaring of three existing DSLs. Our results show that an explicit representation of change is instrumental for how these languages are built, and that cause-and-effect relationships are vital for delivering precise feedback.  

 Seamless Code Generator Synchronization in the Composition of Heterogeneous Modeling Languages   
 Nico Jansen 
  Bernhard Rumpe 
  In Software Language Engineering, the composition of heterogeneous languages has become an increasingly relevant research area in recent years. Despite considerable advances in different composition techniques, they mainly focus on composing concrete and abstract syntax, while a thorough yet general concept for synchronizing code generators and their produced artifacts is still missing. Current solutions are either highly generic, typically increasing the complexity beyond their actual value, or strictly limited to specific applications. In this paper, we present a concept for lightweight generator composition, using the symbol tables of heterogeneous modeling languages to exchange generator-specific accessor and mutator information. The information is attached to the symbols of model elements via templates allowing code generators to communicate access routines at the code level without a further contract. Providing suitable synchronization techniques for code generation is essential to enable language composition in all aspects.  

 Enabling Blended Modelling of Timing and Variability in EAST-ADL   
 Muhammad Waseem Anwar 
  Federico Ciccozzi 
  Alessio Bucaioni 
  EAST-ADL is a domain-specific modelling language for the design and analysis of vehicular embedded systems. Seamless modelling through multiple concrete syntaxes for the same language, known as blended modelling, offers enhanced modelling flexibility to boost collaboration, lower modelling time, and maximise the productivity of multiple diverse stakeholders involved in the development of complex systems, such as those in the automotive domain. Together with our industrial partner, which is one of the leading contributors to the definition of EAST-ADL and one of its main end-users, we provided prototypical blended modelling features for EAST-ADL. In this article, we report on our language engineering work towards the provision of blended modelling for EAST-ADL to support seamless graphical and textual notations. Notably, for selected portions of the EAST-ADL language (i.e., timing and variability packages), we introduce ad-hoc textual concrete syntaxes to represent the language's abstract syntax in alternative textual notations, preserving the language's semantics. Furthermore, we propose a full-fledged runtime synchronisation mechanism, based on the standard EAXML schema format, to achieve seamless change propagation across the two notations. As EAXML serves as a central synchronisation point, the proposed blended modelling approach is workable with most existing EAST-ADL tools. The feasibility of the proposed approach is demonstrated through a car wiper use case from our industrial partner - Volvo. Results indicate that the proposed blended modelling approach is effective and can be applied to other EAST-ADL packages and supporting tools.  

 Towards Efficient Model Comparison using Automated Program Rewriting   
 Qurat ul ain Ali 
  Dimitris Kolovos 
  Konstantinos Barmpis 
  Model comparison is a prerequisite task for several other model management tasks such as model merging, model differencing etc. We present a novel approach to efficiently compare models using programs written in a rule-based model comparison language. As the comparison is done at the model element level, and each element needs to be traversed and compared with its corresponding elements, the execution of these comparison algorithms can be computationally expensive for larger models. In this paper, we present an efficient comparison approach which provides an automated rewriting facility to compare (both homogeneous and heterogeneous) models, based on static program analysis. Using this analysis, we reduce the search space by pre-filtering/indexing model elements, before actually comparing them. Moreover, we reorder the comparison match rules according to the dependencies between these rules to reduce the cost of jumping between rules. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed model comparison approach delivers significant performance benefits in terms of execution time compared to the default ECL execution engine.  

 Deriving Integrated Multi-Viewpoint Modeling Languages from Heterogeneous Modeling Languages: An Experience Report   
 Malte Heithoff 
  Nico Jansen 
  Jörg Christian Kirchhof 
  Judith Michael 
  Florian Rademacher 
  Bernhard Rumpe 
  In modern systems engineering, domain experts increasingly utilize models to define domain-specific viewpoints in a highly interdisciplinary context. Despite considerable advances in developing model composition techniques, their integration in a largely heterogeneous language landscape still poses a challenge. Until now, composition in practice mainly focuses on developing foundational language components or applying language composition in smaller scenarios, while the application to extensive, heterogeneous languages is still missing. In this paper, we report on our experiences of composing sophisticated modeling languages using different techniques simultaneously in the context of heterogeneous application areas such as assistive systems and cyber-physical systems in the Internet of Things. We apply state-of-the-art practices, show their realization, and discuss which techniques are suitable for particular modeling scenarios. Pushing model composition to the next level by integrating complex, heterogeneous languages is essential for establishing modeling languages for highly interdisciplinary development teams.  

 A Low-Code Platform for Systematic Component-Oriented Language Composition   
 Jérôme Pfeiffer 
  Andreas Wortmann 
  Low-code platforms have gained popularity for accelerating complex software engineering tasks through visual interfaces and pre-built components. Software language engineering, specifically language composition, is such a complex task requiring expertise in composition mechanisms and language workbenches multi-dimensional language constituents (syntax and semantics). This paper presents an extensible low-code platform with a graphical web-based interface for language composition. It enables composition using language components, facilitating systematic composition within language families promoting reuse and streamlining the management, composition, and derivation of domain-specific languages.  

 A Tool for the Definition and Deployment of Platform-Independent Bots on Open Source Projects   
 Adem Ait 
  Javier Luis Cánovas Izquierdo 
  Jordi Cabot 
  The development of Open Source Software (OSS) projects is a collaborative process that heavily relies on active contributions by passionate developers. Creating, retaining and nurturing an active community of developers is a challenging task; and finding the appropriate expertise to drive the development process is not always easy. To alleviate this situation, many OSS projects try to use bots to automate some development tasks, thus helping community developers to cope with the daily workload of their projects. However, the techniques and support for developing bots is specific to the code hosting platform where the project is being developed (e.g., GitHub or GitLab). Furthermore, there is no support for orchestrating bots deployed in different platforms nor for building bots that go beyond pure development activities. In this paper, we propose a tool to define and deploy bots for OSS projects, which besides automation tasks they offer a more social facet, improving community interactions. The tool includes a Domain-Specific Language (DSL) which allows defining bots that can be deployed on top of several platforms and that can be triggered by different events (e.g., creation of a new issue or a pull request). We describe the design and the implementation of the tool, and illustrate its use with examples.  

 Online Name-Based Navigation for Software Meta-languages   
 Peter D. Mosses 
  Software language design and implementation often involve specifications written in various esoteric meta-languages. Language workbenches generally include support for precise name-based navigation when browsing language specifications locally  , but such support is lacking when browsing the same specifications online  in code repositories.  
 This paper presents a technique to support precise name-based navigation of language specifications in online repositories using ordinary web browsers. The idea is to generate hyperlinked twins  : websites where verbatim copies  of specification text are enhanced with hyperlinks between name references and declarations. By generating hyperlinks directly from the name binding analysis used internally in a language workbench, online navigation in hyperlinked twins is automatically consistent with local navigation.  
 The presented technique has been implemented for the Spoofax language workbench, and used to generate hyperlinked twin websites from various language specifications in Spoofax meta-languages. However, the applicability of the technique is not limited to Spoofax, and developers of other language workbenches could presumably implement similar tooling, to make their language specifications more accessible to those who do not have the workbench installed.  

 Practical Runtime Instrumentation of Software Languages: The Case of SciHook   
 Dorian Leroy 
  Benoit Combemale 
  Benoît Lelandais 
  Marie-Pierre Oudot 
  Software languages have pros and cons, and are usually chosen accordingly. In this context, it is common to involve different languages in the development of complex systems, each one specifically tailored for a given concern. However, these languages create de facto silos, and offer little support for interoperability with other languages, be it statically or at runtime. In this paper, we report on our experiment on extracting a relevant behavioral interface from an existing language, and using it to enable interoperability at runtime. In particular, we present a systematic approach to define the behavioral interface and we discuss the expertise required to define it. We illustrate our work on the case study of SciHook, a C++ library enabling the runtime instrumentation of scientific software in Python. We present how the proposed approach, combined with SciHook, enables interoperability between Python and a domain-specific language dedicated to numerical analysis, namely NabLab, and discuss overhead at runtime.

89. SQM_1 conference:
Loading to Software Quality Management Vi Chris Hawkins....

90. ICSR_0 conference:
Skip to content     

 Home 
  Calls | Call for Contributions – Industry and Tool Demo Track 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  ICSR Doctoral Symposium 
  Committees | Conference chairs 
  Program committee 
  Steering committee 
  Important dates 
  Invited Talks 
  Program | Detailed Program 
  Live Session Agenda 
  Proceedings 
  Program at a glance 
  Registration 
  Sponsors | Sponsorship 
  Submission 
  Tutorials 
  Contact 

     Calls | Call for Contributions – Industry and Tool Demo Track 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  ICSR Doctoral Symposium 
  Committees | Conference chairs 
  Program committee 
  Steering committee 
  Important dates 
  Invited Talks 
  Program | Detailed Program 
  Live Session Agenda 
  Proceedings 
  Program at a glance 
  Registration 
  Sponsors | Sponsorship 
  Submission 
  Tutorials 
  Welcome 
  Contact 

 Program and live session agenda are online !   
 Check this link  for more information.  
 Registration is opened !   
 Go right now on the registration page ( link  ).  
 Full Virtual Event   
 The International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR) is the premier event in the field of software reuse research and technology. The main goal of ICSR is to present the most recent advances and breakthroughs in the area of software reuse and to promote an intensive and continuous exchange among researchers and practitioners. The guiding theme of this edition is reuse and software quality  .  
 The 20th International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR-2022) will be held on June 15-17 2022, as a full virtual event  .  
 Selected papers from ICSR 2022 will be invited to be extended and submitted to the Software Reuse for the Next Generation special issue of the Journal of Systems and Software  .  
 Contribute to the Doctoral Symposium   
 More details on the call for contribution page ( here  ).  
   
  Important dates:  
  – Deadline for Paper Submission: April 19th, 2022, AoE   
  – Notification Date: May 3rd, 2022, AoE   
  – Camera Ready: May 17, 2022, AoE   
  – Doctoral Symposium: June 15th (afternoon, Paris time)   
 Contribute to the Industry and Tool Demonstration Track   
 More information on the Call for Contributions page ( here  )  
 Important Dates:  
  – Submission Deadline: April 15th, 2022, AoE   
  – Notification to Authors: April 22th, 2022, AoE   
  – Track Date: a half-day on June 15th or 16th, 2022   
   
 Tweets by conficsr2022    

 Theme by Think Up Themes Ltd  . Powered by WordPress  .

91. SNPD_3 conference:


92. SLE_3 conference:
ACM SIGPLAN    
 Home 
  Conferences 
  OpenTOC 
  Awards 
  Research Highlights 
  Membership 

 International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE)  
  SLE  ’s mission is to fuse several communities that have traditionally looked at software languages from different and yet complementary perspectives: programming languages, model driven engineering, domain specific languages, semantic web, and from different technological spaces: context-free grammars, object-oriented modeling frameworks rich data, structured data, object-oriented programming, functional programming, logic programming, term-rewriting, attribute grammars algebraic specification, etc.  
 Web Pages of Previous Conferences   
 SLE 2020 | (virtual) 
  SLE 2019 | (Athens, Greece) 
  SLE 2018 | (Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.) 
  SLE 2017 | (Vancouver, Canada) 
  SLE 2016 | (Amsterdam, The Netherlands) 
  SLE 2015 | (Pittsburg, U.S.A.) 
  SLE 2014 | (Västerås, Sweden) 
  SLE 2013 | (Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.) 
  SLE 2012 | (Dresden, Germany.) 
  SLE 2011 | (Braga, Portugal.) 
  SLE 2010 | (Eindhoven, The Netherlands.) 
  SLE 2009 | (Denver, Colorado, U.S.A.) 
  SLE 2008 | (Toulouse, France.) 

  Page generated Mon, 25 Nov 2024 14:25:50 +0000

93. SQM_2 conference:
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue

94. ICSR_1 conference:
AL Wiki  Support   more     

 International Conference on Software Reuse  
 The International Conference on Software Reuse  ( ICSR  ), is the primary scientific conference on software reuse, domain analysis, and domain engineering.  
 ICSR includes software reuse researchers, practitioners, and managers. The conference provides an archival source for important reuse papers. The conference is also meant to provide reuse information and education to practitioners, and to be an ongoing platform for technology transfer.  
 Software reusability, the use of knowledge or artifacts from existing systems to build new ones, is a key software engineering technology important both to engineers and managers. Reuse research has been very active. Many organizations have reported reuse successes, yet there are still important research issues in systematic reuse. There is a need for reuse solutions that can be applied across domain and organization boundaries. The conference consists of technical presentations, parallel working groups, plenary sessions, demonstrations, and tutorials.  
 Topics include reuse metrics, case studies and experiments, copyright and legal issues, current issues in reuse libraries, distributed components, formal methods, design and validation of components, domain analysis and engineering, generators, and Integration frameworks.  
 List of conferences  [  1 ]   [  2 ]   :   
  
 Conference | Location | Dates 
 ICSR 2017 [  3 ] | Salvador, Brazil | May 29–31, 2017 
 ICSR-15 | Cyprus | June 5–7, 2016 
 ICSR-14 [  4 ] | University of Miami, Coral Gables, FL | January 4–6, 2015 
 ICSR-13 | Pisa, Italy | June 18–21, 2013 
 ICSR-12 | Pohang, South Korea | June 13–17, 2011 
 ICSR-11 | Falls Church, VA, USA | September 27–30, 2009 
 ICSR-10 | Beijing, China | May 25–29, 2008 
 ICSR-9 | Turin, Italy | June 12–15, 2006 
 ICSR-8 | Madrid, Spain | July 5–9, 2004 
 ICSR-7 | Austin, TX, USA | April 15–19, 2002 
 ICSR-6 | Vienna, Austria | June 27–29, 2000 
 ICSR-5 | Victoria, B.C., Canada | June 2–5, 1998 
 ICSR-4 | Orlando, FL, USA | April 23–26, 1996 
 ICSR-3 | Rio de Janeiro, Brazil | 1994 
 IWSR-2 | Lucca, Italy | 1992 
 IWSR-1 | Dortmund, Germany | 1991 
 WISR3 | Syracuse University | June 13–15, 1990 
  
 References  
   
 ^ | "Conference History: ICSR". icsr2015.ipd.kit.edu  . Retrieved 2016-07-27   . 
  ^ | "Past ISASE-sponsored Conferences & Workshops". www.isase.us  . Archived from the original on 2016-03-05 . Retrieved 2016-07-27   . 
  ^ | Vale, Tassio. "ICSR 2017". icsr2017.ufba.br  . Retrieved 2016-07-27   . 
  ^ | "Welcome: ICSR". icsr2015.ipd.kit.edu  . Retrieved 2016-07-27   . 

 External links  
   
 Official website 
  ReNews 

 Authority control databases 
 International | VIAF 
 National | Germany 
  United States 

 v 
  t 
  e 

 ToC 
  Trending | XNXX   

   Leo (2023 Indian film)   

   Wish (film)   

   2024 ICC Men's T20 World Cup   

   J. Robert Oppenheimer   

   2023 Israel–Hamas war   

   Tim Boyle (American football)   

   Deaths in 2023   

   Animal (2023 film)   

   Chubba Purdy   

   Reeva Steenkamp   

   John Madden 
  Recent Change | Jack Teixeria 
  1945–46 Substitute Gold Cup 
  Lashar-e Jonubi Rural District 
  Echinoplaca basalis 
  Modulis for dogs 
  1944–45 Substitute Gold Cup 
  Blechnum serrulatum 
  Modulis for cats 
  FC Sudostroitel Nikolaev 
  New Cambridge History of Japan 
  The New Cambridge History of Japan 
  Tauramox 
    
 Powered by al.io.vn with Justin Fields   
   
    International_Conference_on_Software_Reuse  | onrender

95. ICST_0 conference:
ICST 2023   Sun 16 - Thu 20 April 2023 Dublin, Ireland    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Dublin, Ireland 
  Venue: Clayton Hotel Cardiff Lane 
  Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Plan 
  Code of Conduct 
  Registration 
  Student Volunteers 
  Visa Information 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Program | ICST Program 
  Your Program 
  Schedule Overview 
  Social Events 
   Sun 16 Apr 
  Mon 17 Apr 
  Tue 18 Apr 
  Wed 19 Apr 
  Thu 20 Apr 
  Tracks | ICST 2023 
  Research Papers 
  Industry 
  Journal-First Papers 
  Testing Tools 
  Tool Demo 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Workshops 
  Keynotes 
  MIPs 
  Posters 
  Previous Editions 
   Workshops 
  A-MOST 
  AIST 
  CCIW 
  CoAST 
  INTUITESTBEDS 
  ITEQS 
  IWCT 
  InSTA 
  Mutation 
  NEXTA 
  TestEd 
  Organization | ICST 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Student Volunteers 
  Track Committees 
  Research Papers | Program Committee Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  Industry 
  Journal-First Papers 
  Testing Tools 
  Tool Demo 
  Doctoral Symposium | Program Committee 
  Panel 
  Workshops 
  Posters 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Workshops 
  A-MOST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  AIST | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CCIW | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CoAST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  INTUITESTBEDS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  ITEQS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IWCT | Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Competition Committee 
  InSTA | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Mutation | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  NEXTA | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  TestEd | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   ICST 2025 
  ICST 2024 
  ICST 2023 
  ICST 2022 
  ICST 2021 
  ICST 2020 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 ICST 2023, Dublin, Ireland  
 Samuel Beckett Bridge  

 ICST 2023, Dublin, Ireland  
 The Old Library at Trinity College  

 ICST 2023, Dublin, Ireland Title  
 O’Connell Bridge  

 ICST 2023, Dublin, Ireland  
 Dún Laoghaire  

 ICST 2023, Dublin, Ireland  
 Dalkey Sea Swimming  

 ICST 2023, Dublin, Ireland  
 Walking in the Dublin Mountains  

 16th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2023  
   
 Dublin, Ireland, 2023   
  
  The 16th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2023 is intended to provide a common forum for researchers, scientists, engineers and practitioners throughout the world to present their latest research findings, ideas, developments and applications in the area of Software Testing, Verification and Validation. ICST 2023 will include keynote addresses by eminent scientists as well as special, regular, and poster sessions. All research papers will be peer-reviewed on the basis of a full-length manuscript and acceptance will be based on quality, originality, and relevance. Accepted research papers will be published in the conference proceedings with an IEEE catalog number and ISBN number. The proceedings will be submitted for publication in IEEE Xplore.  
 Organizing Partners   

 Sponsors   

  ICST 2023 Tracks   
   
 Research Papers  | Industry  | Journal-First Papers  | Testing Tools  | Tool Demonstrations  | Doctoral Symposium  | Workshops  | Keynotes  | MIPs  | Posters  | Previous Editions   
  Show all tracks    

   Posts   
   
 Tweets by icstconference    
 Supporters   

 Diamond Sponsor 
 Platinum Sponsor 
 Platinum Sponsor 
 Gold Sponsor 
 Silver Sponsor 
 Bronze Sponsor 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:27    

  ICST 2023   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Research Papers   
  Industry   
  Journal-First Papers   
  Testing Tools   
  Tool Demo   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Workshops   
  Keynotes   
  MIPs   
  Posters   
  Previous Editions    
 Workshops  
 A-MOST 2023   
  AIST 2023   
  CCIW 2023   
  CoAST 2023   
  INTUITESTBEDS 2023   
  ITEQS 2023   
  IWCT 2023   
  InSTA 2023   
  Mutation 2023   
  NEXTA 2023   
  TestEd 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Dublin, Ireland   
  Venue: Clayton Hotel Cardiff Lane   
  Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Plan   
  Code of Conduct   
  Registration   
  Student Volunteers   
  Visa Information

96. SQM_3 conference:
Skip to main navigation 
  Skip to search 
  Skip to main content 
   
 University of Limerick Home      
   
 Home 
  Profiles 
  Research units 
  Research output 
  Prizes 
  Activities 
  Press/Media 
  Student theses 
   
 Search by expertise, name or affiliation     

 10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society)   
   
 Michael P O'Brien    
   
 Department of Management & Marketing 
    
 Research output :   Contribution to conference ›   Paper   

 Overview 

 Original language | English (Ireland) 
 Publication status | Published -  2002 

 Cite this  
 APA 
  Author 
  BIBTEX 
  Harvard 
  Standard 
  RIS 
  Vancouver 
  O'Brien, M. P.   (2002). 10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society)    .   
   
 O'Brien, Michael P   . / 10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society)    .   
   
 @conference{d7869387566a4246a444125635c74e26,   
 title = "10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society)",   
 author = "O'Brien, {Michael P}",   
 year = "2002",   
 language = "English (Ireland)",   
 }  

 O'Brien, MP   2002, ' 10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society)   '.   
   
 10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society).    / O'Brien, Michael P   .  
  2002. Research output :   Contribution to conference ›   Paper   

 TY - CONF  
 T1 - 10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society)  
 AU - O'Brien, Michael P  
 PY - 2002  
 Y1 - 2002  
 M3 - Paper  
 ER -  

 O'Brien MP   . 10th International Software Quality Management (SQM) Conference (British Computer Society)    . 2002.   

 Powered by Pure  , Scopus  & Elsevier Fingerprint Engine™   
 All content on this site: Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V.  or its licensors and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the Creative Commons licensing terms apply  
 We use cookies to help provide and enhance our service and tailor content. By continuing you agree to the use of cookies   
   
 Log in to Pure   

 University of Limerick data protection policy   
 About web accessibility   

 Report vulnerability

97. ICSR_2 conference:
Conference Partner   Home 
  Conferences 
  Journals 
  Proofreading 
  Login 

  中文  |  English  |  Español  |  日本語     

 Conference Partner  » Conferences  » ICSR    
  Conference Information   
   
 ICSR 2025: International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse  
 https://conf.researchr.org/home/icsr-2025   
   
 Submission Date: | 2024-12-03 Extended 
 Notification Date: | 2025-01-10 
 Conference Date: | 2025-04-27 
 Location: | Ottawa, Ontario, Canada 
 Years: | 22 
  
 CCF: c  CORE: b  QUALIS: b1  Viewed: 24236  Tracked: 21  Attend: 8    

  Call For Papers   
   
 The International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR) is a biannual conference in the field of software reuse research and technology. ICSR is a premier event aiming to present the most recent advances and breakthroughs in the area of software reuse and to promote an intensive and continuous exchange among researchers and practitioners. The guiding theme of this edition is AI in support of Intelligent Reuse. We invite submissions on new and innovative research results and industrial experience reports dealing with all aspects of software reuse within the context of the modern software development landscape. Topics include but are not limited to the following. Technical aspects of reuse, including Reuse in/for Quality Assurance (QA) techniques, testing, verification Variability management and software product lines Context-aware modeling for reusable knowledge Reusable system features and interplay between reuse and software variability New language abstractions for software reuse Generative approaches for reuse Open-source reuse and mining strategies in open-source repositories Retrieval effort, economic models and recommendation of reusable assets Reuse of non-code artefacts Architecture-centric reuse approaches Strategies and novel approaches for modularization Reusable approaches including microservices Sustainabile software reuse approaches Quality of reusable assets, quality gates, and technical debt Use of LLM models and tools to support the reuse process AI/ML techiques for smart reuse Development of reusable smart assets Industrial approaches of software reuse in industry and in emerging domains Reuse success stories, failures and lessons learned in industry Reuse obstacles, success factors, and return on Investment (ROI) studies in companies Strategies to increase and reuse large software projects and lessons learned Reuse of safety-critical systems in diverse domains (e.g. automotive, railways) Reuse in emerging domains/paradigms: AI, Quantum Computing, Industry 4.0, Blockchain, Edge Computing  Last updated by Dou Sun  in 2024-11-28   

  Related Conferences   

 CCF | CORE | QUALIS | Short | Full Name | Submission | Notification | Conference 
 NGMAST | International Conference on Next Generation Mobile Applications, Security and Technologies | 2016-05-10 | 2016-06-05 | 2016-08-24 
 ICAR'' | International Conference on Availability and Reliability | 2017-11-20 | 2017-12-12 | 2017-12-17 
 b | b1 | IWCMC | International Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing Conference | 2025-01-15 | 2025-03-15 | 2025-05-12 
 c | ICCC' | International Conference on Communications in China | 2025-03-24 | 2025-06-15 | 2025-08-10 
 CIS' | International Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems | 2015-01-31 | 2015-03-31 | 2015-07-15 
 ECC | European Control Conference | 2019-10-08 | 2020-01-15 | 2020-05-12 
 a | ICADL | International Conference on Asia Digital Libraries | 2024-07-29 | 2024-09-08 | 2024-12-04 
 AMME | International Conference on Applied Mechanics and Mechatronics Engineering | 2017-11-15 | 2017-11-26 
 ICMEA' | International Conference on Materials Engineering and Applications | 2023-11-15 | 2023-11-29 | 2024-01-19 
 CSCN | IEEE Conference on Standards for Communications & Networking | 2024-09-15 | 2024-10-07 | 2024-11-25 
  
 924  2040  913  1332  1585  3409  1473  2315  4711  1873    

 Short | Full Name | Submission | Conference 
 NGMAST | International Conference on Next Generation Mobile Applications, Security and Technologies | 2016-05-10 | 2016-08-24 
 ICAR'' | International Conference on Availability and Reliability | 2017-11-20 | 2017-12-17 
 IWCMC | International Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing Conference | 2025-01-15 | 2025-05-12 
 ICCC' | International Conference on Communications in China | 2025-03-24 | 2025-08-10 
 CIS' | International Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems | 2015-01-31 | 2015-07-15 
 ECC | European Control Conference | 2019-10-08 | 2020-05-12 
 ICADL | International Conference on Asia Digital Libraries | 2024-07-29 | 2024-12-04 
 AMME | International Conference on Applied Mechanics and Mechatronics Engineering | 2017-11-15 | 2017-11-26 
 ICMEA' | International Conference on Materials Engineering and Applications | 2023-11-15 | 2024-01-19 
 CSCN | IEEE Conference on Standards for Communications & Networking | 2024-09-15 | 2024-11-25 
  
 924  2040  913  1332  1585  3409  1473  2315  4711  1873    

  Related Journals   

 CCF | Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher | ISSN 
 a | Journal of Machine Learning Research | Microtome Publishing | 1532-4435 
 International Journal on Digital Libraries | 1.600 | Springer | 1432-5012 
 Egyptian Informatics Journal | 5.000 | Elsevier | 1110-8665 
 IEEE Transactions on Emerging Topics in Computing | 5.100 | IEEE | 2168-6750 
 Information Systems Management | 3.000 | Taylor & Francis | 1058-0530 
 b | ACM Transactions on Internet Technology | 3.900 | ACM | 1533-5399 
 b | Computer Networks | 4.400 | Elsevier | 1389-1286 
 International Journal of Speech Technology | Springer | 1381-2416 
 Displays | 3.700 | Elsevier | 0141-9382 
 Artificial Intelligence and Law | 3.100 | Springer | 0924-8463 
  
 169  490  373  563  875  22  26  493  374  448    

 Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher 
 Journal of Machine Learning Research | Microtome Publishing 
 International Journal on Digital Libraries | 1.600 | Springer 
 Egyptian Informatics Journal | 5.000 | Elsevier 
 IEEE Transactions on Emerging Topics in Computing | 5.100 | IEEE 
 Information Systems Management | 3.000 | Taylor & Francis 
 ACM Transactions on Internet Technology | 3.900 | ACM 
 Computer Networks | 4.400 | Elsevier 
 International Journal of Speech Technology | Springer 
 Displays | 3.700 | Elsevier 
 Artificial Intelligence and Law | 3.100 | Springer 
  
 169  490  373  563  875  22  26  493  374  448    

  Recommendation   

 Track It 21 
  Attend It 8 
  Edit CFP 

 Tracker 
 Dongdong An (215) 
 Hangji Wang (457) 
 Baosen Zhao (1656) 
 Azson Deng (199) 
 Xiaofan Nie (1422) 
 Panda Pretty (743) 
 Yanghong Han (891) 
 Jim Lee (124) 
 Kun Li (693) 
 Grace CHEN (580) 
 Aoshuang Ye (903) 
 Donglei Liu (1952) 
 Hafsa Lattar (894) 
 Zhihui Li (654) 
 Cindy Yuan (208) 
 Jiawen XIONG (509) 
 Zhenzhou Tian (414) 
 Fanlong Zhang (267) 
 Jie Chen (38) 
 L.N Xu (1685) 
 Chen John (625) 
  
 18156  44911  43001  27254  22361  40598  37739  40050  39839  26372  35619  155  28688  15269  367  15504  8415  3697  3461  2908  1583    

 Attender | Year 
 Chenxi Lu (78) | 2025 
 Hangji Wang (457) | 2022 
 Lan Wuyang (22) | 2022 
 Azson Deng (199) | 2022 
 Jialu Tang (628) | 2022 
 Chen JieNa (39) | 2022 
 Zhihui Li (654) | 2017 
 Hongbo Li (107) | 2016 
  
 68439  44911  44517  27254  37922  43418  15269  3396    
   
  Advertisment   

  4,945  Conferences | 1,179  Journals | 69,527  Researchers | 383,501,499 PV  
  Copyright © 2011-2024 myhuiban.com. All Rights Reserved. About Us  | Facebook  | X  | Post CFP or Contact Us  | Promotion

98. ICST_1 conference:
ICST 2025   Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025 Naples, Italy    

 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  ICST 2025 
  All Editions | ICST 2025 
  ICST 2024 
  ICST 2023 
  ICST 2022 
  ICST 2021 
  ICST 2020 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

   Photo by Hervé Simon     
 ICST 2025  
 View of the City of Naples from the Certosa di San Martino  

 Photo by Kelly from Pexels     
 ICST 2025  
 Aerial view of the City of Naples  

 Photo by Vincenzo De Simone from Unsplash     
 ICST 2025  
 Castel dell’Ovo, Naples, Italy  

 ICST  
   
 All Editions   

 Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025 Naples, Italy  ICST 2025   
 with A-MOST 2025  , A-TEST 2025  , AIST 2025  , CCIW 2025  , ITEQS 2025  , IWCT 2025  , InSTA 2025  , Mutation 2025  , NEXTA 2025  , SAFE-ML 2025    
 The 18th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2025 ICST serves as a premier platform uniting researchers, scientists, engineers, and practitioners worldwide to showcase their cutting-edge research findings, innovative ideas, and practical applications in the domain of Software Testing, Verification, and Validation. The 18th edition of ICST, scheduled for 2025, will ... 
 Mon 27 - Fri 31 May 2024 Canada  ICST 2024   
 with A-MOST 2024  , AIST 2024  , CCIW 2024  , ITEQS 2024  , IWCT 2024  , InSTA 2024  , MODAL 2024  , Mutation 2024  , NEXTA 2024  , TestADS 2024  , TestEd 2024    
 The 16th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2023 is intended to provide a common forum for researchers, scientists, engineers and practitioners throughout the world to present their latest research findings, ideas, developments and applications in the area of Software Testing, Verification and Validation. ICST 2023 will include keynote addresses by eminent scient ... 
 Sun 16 - Thu 20 April 2023 Dublin, Ireland  ICST 2023   
 with A-MOST 2023  , AIST 2023  , CCIW 2023  , CoAST 2023  , INTUITESTBEDS 2023  , ITEQS 2023  , IWCT 2023  , InSTA 2023  , Mutation 2023  , NEXTA 2023  , TestEd 2023    
 The 16th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2023 is intended to provide a common forum for researchers, scientists, engineers and practitioners throughout the world to present their latest research findings, ideas, developments and applications in the area of Software Testing, Verification and Validation. ICST 2023 will include keynote addresses by eminent scient ... 
 Mon 4 - Fri 8 April 2022  ICST 2022   
 with A-MOST 2022  , AIST 2022  , INTUITESTBEDS 2022  , ITEQS 2022  , IWCT 2022  , InSTA 2022  , Mutation 2022  , NEXTA 2022    
 The 15th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2022 is intended to provide a common forum for researchers, scientists, engineers and practitioners throughout the world to present their latest research findings, ideas, developments and applications in the area of Software Testing, Verification and Validation. ICST 2022 will include keynote addresses by eminent scient ... 
 Mon 12 - Fri 16 April 2021  ICST 2021   
 with A-MOST 2021  , AIST 2021  , CCIW 2021  , DevOps4CPS-Testing 2021  , INTUITESTBEDS 2021  , ITEQS 2021  , IWCT 2021  , InSTA 2021  , Mutation 2021  , NEXTA 2021    
 IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation 2021 April 12, 2021 – April 16, 2021 IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2021 is intended to provide a common forum for researchers, scientists, engineers and practitioners throughout the world to present their latest research findings, ideas, developments and applications in the are ... 
 Sat 24 - Wed 28 October 2020 Porto, Portugal  ICST 2020   
 with A-MOST 2020  , CCIW 2020  , INTUITESTBEDS 2020  , ITEQS 2020  , IWCT 2020  , InSTA 2020  , Mutation 2020  , NEXTA 2020  , TAIC PART 2020  , TestEd 2020  , ToCaMS 2020    
 COVID-RELATED UPDATES September, 22, 2020: ICST 2020 is going to be held as a virtual-only conference. September, 9, 2020: ICST 2020 is going to be held as a hybrid conference. More details in the ICST 2020 Going Hybrid Announcement. March, 9, 2020: ICST has been postponed. Please, read our statement to the ICST community. IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Valida ... 

 Steering Committee (ICST 2025)   
   
 No members yet 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:27    

 using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    

 Sign Up

99. SEIT_0 conference:
E-OFFICE 
  EMAIL 
  LIBRARY - INFORMATION 
  CONNECT | | | CONTACT 

 MINISTRY OF INDUSTRY & TRADE   
 Industrial university of Ho Chi Minh city   
 Transforming Minds, Enriching Knowledge - Lives   

 EGOV 
  EMAIL 
    
     MENU  Toggle search    VN/EN    

 Tìm kiếm      

  ABOUT IUH | Overview 
  Vision – Mission - Objectives 
  Educational Philosophy 
  Motto 
  Core values 
  Quality Policy 
  Facilities 
  Staff 
  Academics | Academic Pages 
  International Education 
  Admissions | Undergraduate training 
  Graduate training 
  Research 
  Students 
  Lecturers 

 Organizational  
  structure  
 Toggle navigation        
 Leadership | Leadership 
  Communist Party Committee 
  Board of Rectors 
  Offices | Offices 
  Office of Human Resources and Administration 
  Office of Finance and Accounting 
  Office of Planning and Facility Supplies 
  Office of Academic Affairs 
  Office of Science Management and International Affairs 
  Office of Student Affairs 
   Office of Testing and Quality Assurance 
  Office of Facilities Management 
  Office of Services 
  Office of Dormitory Management 
  Journal of Science and Technology - IUH 
  IUH Publishing House 
  Faculties | Faculties 
  Faculty of Mechanical Technology 
  Faculty of Information Technology 
  Faculty of Electrical Engineering Technology 
  Faculty of Electronics Technology 
  Faculty of Automotive Engineering Technology 
  Faculty Of Heat – Refrigeration Engineering 
  Faculty of Garment Technology - Fashion 
   Faculty of Chemical Engineering 
  Faculty of Fundamental Science 
   Faculty of Foreign Languages 
  Faculty of Business Administration 
  Faculty of Commerce and Tourism 
  Faculty of Civil Engineering 
  Institutes | Institutes 
  School of Finance and Accounting 
  Institute of International and Postgraduate Education 
  Institute of Biotechnology and Food Technology 
  Institute of Environmental Science, Engineering and Management 
  Centers | Centers 
    Centre of National Defence and Physical Education 
  ENTERPRISE COLLABORATION AND JOB SUPPORT CENTER 
  Library Center 
  Information and Communitcation Center 
  IUH Campuses | IUH Campuses 
  Quang Ngai Campus 
  Thanh Hoa Campus 
  Unions | Unions 
  Labor Union 
  Communist Youth Union and Student Association 

 The campuses of IUH  

 Lastest news  
 400 IUH officials and students participate in the walking program "For the poor" in 2024 | 31-08-2024 
  Over 3,000 new graduates, including bachelors and engineers, entered the labor market at the 2024 Graduation Ceremony of the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City | 30-08-2024 
  The XII Congress of Delegates of the Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union at the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City for the 2024-2027 term was a great success. | 14-08-2024 
  The handover ceremony for IUH university graduates joining the 2024 Reserve Officers Training Program | 13-08-2024 
  Opening Ceremony of Postgraduate Programs and Awarding Master's and Doctoral Degrees in 2024 at IUH | 12-08-2024 

    NEWS - EVENTS  Share this   

 International Scientific Conference "Sustainable Energy Technologies" at IUH 10-11-2023   
 On the morning of November 10, 2023, the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City (IUH) inaugurated the opening ceremony of the International Scientific Conference titled "Sustainable Energy Technology" (ICSET 2023).  
 The ICSET 2023 conference is a collaborative effort between the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City, Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology, Viet Duc University, and the Ho Chi Minh City Department of Science and Technology. The event is scheduled to span two days, from November 10-11, 2023, hosted at IUH.  
 Present at the Opening Ceremony were distinguished individuals including Prof. Dr. Todor Djourkov, Head of the Faculty of Technology at the University of Food Technologies in Plovdiv, Bulgaria; Prof. Dr. Seung-Bok Choi from the Department of Mechanical Engineering at SUNY Korea University, Korea; Prof. Dr. Sivanappan Kumar of Naresuan University, Thailand; Prof. Dr. Trygve M. Eikevik from the Norwegian National University of Science and Technology; and Prof. Dr. Nguyen Xuan Hung, Director of CIRTech Institute at Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HUTECH).  
 Representing the organizers, notable figures included Assoc. Prof. Dr. Huynh Trung Hieu, Vice Rector in charge of the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City; Assoc.Prof. Dr. Dam Sao Mai, Vice Rector of the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City; Dr. Ha Thuc Vien, Vice Rector in charge of Viet Duc University; Dr. Ly Thien Trang, Vice Rector of Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology; and Dr. Le Thanh Minh from the Ho Chi Minh City Department of Science and Technology. The event drew the participation of over 400 delegates, scientists, teachers, and students from various countries and territories, including Norway, Bulgaria, Korea, India, Thailand, and Vietnam.  

 During the Opening Ceremony, Assoc. Prof. Dr. Huynh Trung Hieu highlighted the thematic emphasis of the ICSET International Conference 2023, underscoring its focus on advanced technology and sustainable development in the energy sector. He emphasized the global urgency of this issue, noting that the insights shared during the conference would offer valuable contributions not only to research but also to practical applications. Dr. Hieu further emphasized that the event served as a platform for scientists from various fields to exchange ideas, foster collaboration, and explore opportunities for future projects with new collaborators.  
   
 Assoc. Prof. Dr. Huynh Trung Hieu speaks at the ICSET 2023 Opening Ceremony.  
 The International Scientific Conference "Sustainable Energy Technology" focused on exchanging and discussing and presenting advanced technologies, new achievements of science and sustainable development in the current period. After the plenary opening session, there were 86 submissions selected from 198 abstracts and 140 full texts submitted to the conference.  
 At the plenary session, the conference listened to 04 reports from leading professors in the world related to the topic of sustainable energy:  
 Report 1: Energy Transition Pathways and Sustainable Development Goals by Prof. Sivanappan Kumar - Naresuan University, Thailand.  
   
  Prof. Sivanappan Kumar-Naresuan University Thailand presented the report at the plenary session  
 Report 2: Heat Pump Technology for Drying Applications in the Agro-food Sector by Prof. Trygve M. Eikevik from Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).  
   
  Prof. Trygve M. Eikevik of Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) presented the report at the plenary session  
 Report 3: Applications of smart materials in vibration control systems by Prof. Seung-Bok Choi - Department of Mechanical Engineering, New York University, Korea (SUNY Korea).  
    
 Prof. Seung-Bok Choi - Department of Mechanical Engineering, New York University, Korea (SUNY Korea) presented the report at the plenary session  
 Report 4: Advanced fluidized bed drying technology by Prof. Todor Djurkov - University of Food Technologies, Plovdiv, Bulgaria.  
    
 Prof. Todor Djurkov from University of Food Technologies, Plovdiv, Bulgaria presented the report at the plenary session.  
 After the plenary session, delegates to the Conference will be divided into 5 specialized committees including:  
 - SET 2023 (Sustainable Energy Technologies) Division of the Department of Refrigeration Technology, comprising the Division: Advanced Drying and New Energy Technology; Refrigeration and Low Temperature Applications; Energy Storage and Thermal Management Systems and Heat Transfer In Thermal Engineering.  
 - MEAT Division 2023 (Mechanical Engineering and Advanced Technologies) of the Faculty of Mechanical Technology, including 05 Divisions: Robotics and Automation; Smart Material and Application; Structures Analysis and Processing Technologies; Advanced Processing and Optimization; Dynamics and Data Processing.  
 - AET Division 2023 (Automotive Engineering and Advanced Technologies) of the Faculty of Dynamic Technology, consisting of 03 Divisions: Advanced Numerical and Experimental Methods for Automotive R&D; Advanced Automotive Components and New Energies Sources; Advanced IC Engine Technologies and Alternative Fuels  
 - Department EIS2023 (Embedded intelligent systems) under the Faculty of Electronics Technology, including 3 departments: Telecom-Munication Engineering; Computational Intelligence and Embedded Systems and Intelligent Control and Applications.  
 - ATOCES (Advanced Technologies for Operation and Control Of Energy System) under the Faculty of Electrical Technology, including 02 departments: Energy and Power System and Power Electronics.  
 The expert committee is the speakers at the plenary session, selected 5 posters representing 5 professional scientific boards and selected 17 excellent reports (Best paper) in specialized departments, in which the field of Refrigeration Technology has 04 articles, the field of Mechanical Technology has 05 articles, the field of Electronics has 3 articles, the field of electrical technology has 02 articles, and the field of automotive technology has 03 articles.  
 Some pictures at the show:  
   
 PGS. TS. Bùi Trung Thành, thay mặt Ban tổ chức báo cáo tóm tắt quá trình thực hiện và kết quả đạt được về các công bố khoa học của hội nghị ICSET2023   
  PGS.TS. Bùi Trung Thành, thay mặt Ban tổ chức công bố các bầi báo xuất sắc tại các ban chuyên môn tại Lễ bế mạc Hội nghị ICSET2023   
  PGS. TS. Bùi Trung Thành, thay mặt Ban tổ chức công bố các bầi báo xuất sắc tại các ban chuyên môn tại Lễ bế mạc Hội nghị ICSET2023   
  Giáo sư Sivanappan Kumar-phát giải bài báo xuất sắc   
  Giáo sư Trygve M. Eikeviktrường phát giải bài báo xuất sắc cho nhóm ngành điện, điện tử   

 CONTACT   
 INDUSTRIAL UNIVERSITY OF HCM CITY  
  Address: No. 12 Nguyen Van Bao, Ward 4,  
  Go Vap District, Ho Chi Minh City  
  Tel: 0283.8940 390  
  Email: dhcn@iuh.edu.vn  

 Operation   
 Skills Competition 
  Pioneer Students 
  Alumni 
  Enterprise Linkages 

 EXTENSION   
 Published Articles about IUH 
  Exploration 
  Soft Skills 
  Collections 
  Customer Services 

 CONTACT   
 INDUSTRIAL UNIVERSITY OF HCM CITY  
  Address: No. 12 Nguyen Van Bao, Ward 4,  
  Go Vap District, Ho Chi Minh City  
  Tel: 0283.8940 390  
  Email: dhcn@iuh.edu.vn  

 UTILITY DOCUMENTS   
 Academic regulations 
  Public Information 
  Training forms 
  Learning Regulation 
  Feedback 

 CONTACT   
 INDUSTRIAL UNIVERSITY OF HCM CITY  
  Address: No. 12 Nguyen Van Bao, Ward 4,  
  Go Vap District, Ho Chi Minh City  
  Tel: 0283.8940 390  
  Email: dhcn@iuh.edu.vn  

  Statistic visited : 282,615,990  
 Today : 11,237 
  Online : 27 

 Share this 

 © Copyright 2015 - Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City

100. ICSR_3 conference:
Home    
    
 ®   

 How to use our site |  
 (Advanced search) 

 Log in | Username | Password |  
 (Subscribe) | (I forgot my password) 

 21st International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR 2024)   
   
  Conference   
   
  in-person   
   
  10th to 12th June 2024   
  Limassol, N/A, Cyprus   
   
  Website:  https://cyprusconferences.org/icsr2024/    
  Contact person:  George Angelos Papadopoulos   
   
  The International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR) is a biannual conference in the field of software reuse research and technology.   
   
  Organized by:  SEIT Lab, Department of Computer Science, University of Cyprus   
  Deadline for abstracts/proposals:  12th February 2023   
   
  Check the event website  for more details.  
   
  View all events from this organizer. |

